


Published
Sat. April 19, 2014 on Smashwords







Copyright  2006 Michael Schwaba

Discover other titles by Michael Schwaba at Smashwords.com:
The Unsettled
Thunderwalker, Book 1 - The Place Between Worlds


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free Ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support. MS
Thunderwalker  
Book II --The Chrysalis
by Michael Schwaba





Part I  The Chrysalis



Colorado -- 1990s

1 - Bosky's 

One fine looking woman

Bosky's Bar was more crowded than usual on this particular snowy Friday night, which meant about fifteen people in the place. There were no tables, only short wing shelves in certain areas, each with a couple of bar stools, those and the bar itself. One did not go into Bosky's for the scenery, or even to see who was there, because you always knew who was there. You went into there to drink beer, pure and simply, and maybe to match shots of Yukon Jack or Jack Daniels with some of the other locals, watch TV, or maybe play one of two pinball machines, both of which always seemed to tilt too soon and too often. You played the juke box only if you liked country music, for the only rock 45's were "Carry On" by Crosby, Stills & Nash, and "Rhiannon" by Fleetwood Mac, those being favorite selections of Bosky's daughter Nan, who made an appearance only during school holidays.If you wanted a better juke, or real entertainment, or even to play pool, there were dozens of better places on Route 50, within ten miles in either direction of Mayfield, Colorado.
Joe Bosky didn't mind. He had inherited the bar from his father twenty-five years ago on his thirtieth birthday, the day his father died. The bar was the only legacy of his father that had any value, that and perhaps the good sense to keep his mouth shut when business did not concern him. Bosky left the bar just as it always had been, small and insignificant, because of the bills, to be certain, but mainly because he was lazy. When several of his customers over the years had told him that they liked the bar unchanged because its old fashioned look gave it a kind of heritage, Bosky decided that this was a much better reason not to remodel than because he had no money or credit.
He was sitting at the end of the bar, where he usually sat when he wasn't pouring drinks. Occasionally he talked to Hank, who always sat across from him. At the moment he was looking out the window at the steadily falling snow, brightly lit by a Coors sign. The weather reports said snow all through the night. The ski resorts would be happy.
There were skiers in the bar tonight, three couples. Like most other skiers, Bosky figured, they happened in by chance, and then decided to stay, where most other skiers, from Denver or Boulder perhaps, would have moved on to some other livelier place. They seemed to like it here, which was fine with him. He didn't think they would stay long, but while they were here, it meant money in his pocket, and he'd treat them right to get them to stay and drink.
Three girls and one of the boys were gathered around one of the wing tables, while the other two boys were talking to old Pete at the bar. They all seemed college age to Bosky, and the two boys at the bar were much louder than the rest. They'd been drinking tequila shooters with their beers while informing toothless Pete of their demonstrations of pure bravado on the Monarch ski slopes.
Headlights appeared through the snow and turned off 50 into Bosky's parking lot. He looked closer as the wheels crunched through the snow and came to a stop, and saw that the headlights belonged to a tan Toyota Land Cruiser. Hank also saw the lights in the bar mirror and turned around to look, then turned back to the mirror and saw his own reflected image betraying some nervousness. He looked at Bosky, whose eyes, revealing the same look, were still on the Land Cruiser, as if perhaps there were a chance that this might be some other Toyota. "Is it Bobby?" he asked. Bosky shook his head faintly without taking his eyes off the vehicle. "Don't know yet," he said. At the mere mention of the name his stomach growled nervously, and he felt a drop of sweat roll down his side. When the driver got out, the long blond hair was unmistakable, and a slight shiver of relief passed through him, but it was not complete; an uneasy residue remained as he finally recognized the driver. She never wore a hat; and there was never anyone with blond hair as brilliant as hers. "It's Angie," he said matter-of-factly, but almost privately, as if the information were meant for no one but Hank. Someone signaled for a beer and Bosky went to answer the call.
The tinkling of a small bell above the door signaled the girl's entrance, and most of the patrons turned their heads to glance at her but only the skiers kept on talking as she closed the door. The locals simply turned back to the bar to continue their business of private drinking, as if it didn't matter who had come in, but they would cast more than one intentional, and carnal, glance at her before she left the bar, even though all the locals were too old for her, and knew it. But they also knew that looking was free, that Bobby had been a lucky devil when he began shacking up with her, and that admiring a pretty woman like Angie just couldn't be helped.
Angie was radiantly beautiful. Snowflakes stuck to her hair like Christmas ornaments, and tonight her cheeks were rosy from the cold mountain air. She wore a tan furry waist coat, flattering blue jeans tucked into rugged knee high black boots, and upon stamping the snow from her boots, she brushed a few flakes from the arms of her coat in a manner that suggested lingering coldness in the air, but a confident glow in her face as she quickly scanned the bar suggested otherwise, that she was quite warm enough in spite of winter, and in fact might be impervious to chill. Bosky gave her a wave as he poured a beer. She returned a quick smile to him and went to the bar easily, taking a stool next to Hank, who nodded to her. " 'Lo Angie," he said.
"Hank," she returned. She glanced down the bar and gave a nod and a wave to a couple of the locals. Bosky settled his beefy frame in front of her. "Beer Angie?" he asked expectantly. She considered briefly, then nodded. "I've got time for one. Make it a draft." Bosky nodded and went to pour the beer. "Give me a pint of Jim Beam too, will you, Bosky? And two packs of Marlboros."
"You bet," he answered, and as he gathered the purchases and took her money, Bosky thought to himself, as he had many times before, how stunningly attractive this girl was. And though he'd seen her in the bar without her coat, and had a pretty fair impression of fine full curves and breasts underneath her clothes, and desired her in the hidden curious way that all men do when they see a beautiful woman, it was really, he knew, her eyes, her sparkling eyes, that held his interest and roused his own desire the most. But he would not admit that to the boys at the bar. 
"Thanks, Bosky," she said.
"Sure." He stood there and watched her open a pack of cigarettes and light one. He leaned a little closer. "How's Bobby?" Even as he asked, he remembered the shock of the last time he had seen him, last week some time, and he knew what the answer would be. 
She took a nervous drag on the smoke and noticed Hank was watching her, but she did not look at him. "He's...weak," she answered, as a doctor might. "Not much improvement, I'm afraid." She sipped her beer.
"Damn shame," Bosky said, shaking his head sympathetically, but admiring her eyes just the same.
"Yep, damn shame," Hank put it, nodding. Angie glanced at Hank and gave him a quick smile of acknowledgement. "I suppose that's for him," he added, giving her a knowing, but nervous smile back.
"You know it is," Bosky said, "Bobby's been a Jim Beam man from way back, when he was old enough to start drinkin' here." He leaned closer again. "Though I don't suppose he oughta have it," he said in a confidential tone.
"It's what he wants," she shrugged, as if the matter were completely out of her control. "He won't take medicine anymore; and it wasn't doing him any good anyway." She looked directly into Bosky's eyes, saw that he agreed with her, then looked at Hank, who did the same.
"Well," Bosky said, "I'm glad to see you doin' right by him, Angie. I can think of a lot of other folks who wouldn't, you know what I mean?"
"That's a fact," Hank agreed. 
Angie nodded, assenting to both of them. "Thanks."
One of the skiers raised an empty glass, and Bosky went down the bar to tend to him. The skier was a tall one, six foot five maybe, and his well developed physique, which showed easily through his bright red ski pants and red sweater, suggested that he was a bodybuilder. His face, young, smooth skin, flush cheeks, looked too young to be in a bar, but his height and breadth said otherwise. His hair was sandy blond, and long. But to Bosky, whose own hair was just a step or two above crew cut, anyone whose hair was longer than his own fit that category. "What'll it be, gentlemen?" he asked in his most polite tone. The two boys smirked, then laughed aloud. "Gentlemen?" the blond said, turning to his companion, "There's only one gentleman here. So what's that make you, Chucky?"
"Your role model," his friend said, with a large grin, hitting his arm with a heavy solid slap, "and don't you forget it." The blond slapped him back harder, which sent his friend bumping into Pete, who gripped the bar to avoid toppling off his stool, and spilled his beer. Bosky reached for a bar towel and mopped up the spill. Pete laughed. "Hey!" the friend said, "easy now. We're in somebody else's home. We have to behave and show our good upbringing."
The blond gave him a friendly slap on the back. "Right you are, Chucky old boy. Hey, you okay, Pop?" Pete nodded with his toothless grin and raised a hand to show that no harm had been done. "Good for you, pop. Bosky, get pop here a drink on me. No wait. Get him a drink on Chucky. And let's see, what do I want?" Bosky waited patiently since there was nothing else to do at the moment, and kept his expression agreeable, disguising his feeling that this one, and the black curly haired friend who was only a shade smaller and less developed than the blond, but powerful looking just as well, and growing no less drunk and obnoxious, reeked of money, more money than Bosky would ever know, or ever see in his lifetime, and probably had done little work to earn it, if they had ever worked at all, that is.
"You want another shot?" the blond asked.
"Didn't we just have one?" Chucky said.
"You just had one, Vic," one of their female companions, a red head, said across the room, with a tone that possessed some impatience, and a degree of long suffering familiarity.
Chucky stifled an inebriated laugh. "I guess we just had one."
Vic nodded. "So we did." He turned to Bosky. "Bosky, let's have two more beers, and two more tequilas." Chucky laughed again.
Bosky nodded, irritated that this young stranger punk was calling him by name, but he disguised his feeling and got the drinks. "Hey, you guys want something?" Vic asked his companions against the wall. They all shook their heads. They were almost finished with their drinks, and were getting impatient to leave. Vic grabbed Chucky's shoulder, and put some quarters in his hand. "Here, find out what they want, and go feed the juke box. This is a party, not a funeral."
"You got it," Chucky said.
Bosky returned with the drinks, and George Jones began to sing "The Race Is On." Vic thanked him and paid him with Chucky's money, and tipped him five dollars, apologizing for their outburst. Bosky was visibly surprised, but took the money and was satisfied. Well, he thought, maybe he ain't such a bad kid after all...just young, I suppose.
Vic looked down the bar to catch another glance at the beautiful woman down there, talking to some old guy. Goddam, he thought, she is one fine looking woman; if she don't have a body to beat the band I'll eat my glass.
As if in answer to his thoughts, she turned to look at him, and he was transfixed for a moment by her eyes. They were right on him, staring into his own, drawing a bead on him in some way. Her expression was distant, but seemed curious, and definitely not disinterested. Vic smiled at her, his most practiced subtle introductory grin that he had used many times before, and which seldom failed to draw a response. It did not fail now either. She gave him a quick half smile in response, tilting her head back slightly in an expression of curiosity and permissiveness, and went back to sipping her beer.
Vic sucked in a silent slow breath, and felt a stirring in his loins. His dick was getting hard. Oh Lord, have mercy on me, he thought, downing half his beer, and keeping his eyes on her for a few more moments. Time for step two.
Chucky came back. "Okay, my man, we got tunes, we got booze, and we got time. The folks are having another round, and if we don't want them to leave, we better go and join them and liven this party up." He said this last in a lower, more confidential tone. Vic put a hand on his shoulder and said "Right you are, Chucky. Order another round, and let's go rejoin our friends. Only...I'll be there in a few minutes."
"What?" Chucky said, "what's goin' on?" His words were a bit slurred, and he was weaving slightly as he leaned in closer.
"You noticed the beautiful babe down at the end of the bar, no doubt?"
Chucky glanced at her, and smiled approvingly. "Who hasn't?"
Vic took a pinch of salt and raised his shot of tequila. "Well, my man, she just gave me a look that said Come On Down! and I am about to go find out who she is."
Chucky took another look at her, then giggled maliciously. "I admire your spunk, my friend. But you-know-who is not going to be too happy about it."
"Hey, what're you talkin' about? Me and Gail came up here as friends, to ski, remember? We don't even date."
Chucky suppressed a laugh as best he could. "You screwed her twice. Whatta you call that?"
Vic smiled with tired patience, as if they had discussed this too many times before. "Chucky, lemme explain something to you. Dating is when you go out and do the town."
"Yeah?..."
Vic raised his glass a little higher, and lowered his voice. "Screwing is when you stay in, and go to town."
Chucky burst out with a raucous laugh, and Vic joined in. Chucky raised his glass. "Viva la difference!"
"Viva la difference!" They drank, then bit into lime slices as if finalizing a pact between them, and Vic called Bosky over.
Angie was about finished with her beer when Bosky came up to her, with a fresh draft in hand. "Fella would like to buy you a drink, Angie, and a shot if you want one." He stood there waiting as if he were reluctant to set the drink down. With no further word nor glance from him, she knew who was buying the drink. She turned her head toward Vic, and saw him giving her the same friendly interested smile he had shown before. She regarded  him non-commitally, considering him, and turned back to Bosky. "If you don't want it," he said, "I can give it to Pete." 
She shook her head. "Tell him thanks. I'll take the beer, but I'll pass on the shot." Looking relieved, Bosky set the beer down and went away on his errand. Angie sighed slightly to herself, considering what to do, knowing he would soon come over, and thinking how to deal with him. From the little she had witnessed, he seemed to be no more than a dumb college brute whose assets amounted to an agreeable smile and big muscles. She doubted if he had a big dick. For some reason, musclemen seldom did; it was the tall thinner men who were hung like horses. No matter, she thought. She didn't really care how big his manhood was. He was handsome, and he was a brute, but probably a jerk.
She happened to prefer handsome brutish men. And if they had a brain too...so much the better. But this young hunk would not score tonight, not with her. She felt a small wave of sadness wash over her briefly, and she sighed to herself quietly. It was not for lack of desire...
She saw him come over out of the corner of her eye. She also noticed that the red haired girl was watching. She turned her head toward him. "Hi," Vic said pleasantly.
"Hello," she said, with just a hint of a smile. "Thanks for the beer."
"No problem. My name's Vic." He held out his hand.
"Angie," she returned, taking it.
"Angie what?" he asked, with a touch of gallantry, his huge frame towering over hers.
"Just Angie," she replied indifferently.
"Just Angie...okay." Her hand was cold, he thought. There was a strange feeling to it. He did not hold it for long, nor kiss it, as he at first intended to do. "I saw you come in, and I just wanted to...well, I have to tell you right here and now that you are one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen." He said this in his most humble tone of voice, as if he had never even seen a woman before, and he paused for the inevitable "why thank you" which would come back to him. But she said nothing, only lifted her glass slightly to him. He was caught off guard by her lack of reply, and when she raised her glass, he suddenly realized he had left his own drink down the bar. He might have seized the opportunity to make an impressionable toast. Dumb, Vic, dumb! If he ran back to get his drink now, the moment, the opportunity, might be lost forever.
Realizing there would be no clinking of glasses, she raised her glass to her lips and sipped, keeping her eyes on him. He felt the stirrings inside him again, and he summoned his best little lost boy look. "Lady," he started again, "and you are a lady, to be sure...I meant every word sincerely. You are indeed lovely..." He stopped as if he were lost for words, waiting for her reply to see in which direction he would go next. But she did not reply immediately, only raised her glass to him again, and sipped, and then said, "And you are a very handsome man." The tone in her voice was sincere, and Vic felt his heart leap in anticipation, but again he was taken aback. He hadn't expected this reply. "Well...thank you," he said.
She took a cigarette and held it. "So," she said conclusively, with a hint of a smile forming, "aren't we two lucky people, to be so attractive..." She held the cigarette a little higher, hinting for a light, and in frustration, Vic realized he had no matches. "Need a light?" he said, casting a quick glance to the bar to see if any matches were there. Angie's were within reach. She nodded to him and said, "Hank, got a light?"
"You betcha," Hank said, his match ablaze as if on cue. She took the light, and Hank settled back with a quick pleased look at Vic, who glared back at him. Pissant, Vic thought, I could squash you like a bug. He looked back at Angie and smiled. "So. You live around here?"
"Yes...You don't, I take it."
"Nope. Colorado Springs. That's where I go to school anyway. I'm from Indiana."
"Really..."
"Yep. Me and my friends came up to do some skiing for the weekend." He gave her body a quick once over and exercised his imagination. "You don't look like a skier," he said.
She dropped an ash on the floor. "No...But you look like a skier, Vic."
"Yep, you got that right, honey. I've been skiing since I was a baby outta diapers."
She took a drag and exhaled the smoke in his direction, clearly unimpressed. "Well," she said, "we don't seem to have much in common, do we?"
Vic was momentarily speechless. This wasn't going the way he'd planned, nowhere near it. He laughed and looked around the room to put himself at ease, and caught the fire in Gail's eyes. He looked back at Angie, and she said, "I think your girlfriend doesn't want you talking to me."
"Her? Oh she's..."
"Not your girlfriend? Or your wife? She's just a friend, I take it..."
"Yeah," Vic said, feeling slightly irritated, "that's right."
"Well...looks like you're losing a friend."
Vic was becoming visibly agitated; even Hank noticed it, though he kept trying to look as though he couldn't hear a word they were saying. "Hey," Vic tried again with a big smile, "that's not the way it is. We come up here on weekends, ski, have some kicks, and we all do what we want, you know what I mean?"
She crushed out her cigarette, and looked him square in the eyes, and it suddenly occurred to him that there was a hint of sadness in her eyes, like the look of a puppy when it whines without knowing what it wants. The look scared him a little. "And what do you want, Vic?" she asked, leaning a little closer to him. "Companionship? You wanna hold hands? Maybe a little sex?...Or maybe just a little kissy face?" Her voice was soft and low, hypnotic. Even Hank had difficulty eavesdropping.
"What do I want?" Vic said. He smiled nervously, and felt himself getting hard again as a voice inside him was congratulating him on his victory. "Well, you are a direct one," he said, feeling more pleased now.
"Which one are you looking for?"
Vic was starting to sweat inside, and he began to think of ways to ditch Gail. He smiled innocently. "Lady, I do believe you're leading me on...and I love it."
"No," she said, "I just want to be sure of what it is I'm refusing you."
Hank burst out laughing and slapped the bar. Vic clenched his teeth with the sting of her remark, but managed a smile nonetheless. Okay, he thought, she wants direct, then I'll be direct; it worked before with Gail, maybe it'll work again; nothing ventured, nothing gained, right? He leaned closer to her, just within earshot, certain that the pissant couldn't hear, and summoned his lowest, silkiest, sexiest tone of voice. "Angie, I know we don't know each other, and I'm not really used to being this forward, but when I look at you I just die inside from longing. I mean I could cream in my pants right here and now..."
"Is that a compliment?" she whispered back.
He smiled. "I wanna remove your clothes and spread warm oil all over your beautiful body slowly, in front of a warm fire, on a soft rug, drink wine, eat grapes, and make love for hours without stopping. Now how does that sound?"
"I have to admit it sounds wonderful."
"Well, whatta y'say?"
"How about not tonight I've got a headache?"
Vic laughed and pulled back. "Hey, come on now. It'd be good with me. What is it? You got a man? Is that it?"
She nodded. "I've got a man."
"I don't see a ring on your finger. You married?"
"No, we're not married."
"Well then," Vic said, holding his arms out and smiling as if that were the end of the matter. "What's the big deal? You in love with him?"
"That's none of your business."
Vic smirked. "Aha!...that means your not, or you woulda said yes. But hey, you're right, it's none of my business...I just...I just wanna make love to you, that's all."
"That's also none of your business."
Vic stood up straight, began to weave from the tequila, and caught himself. "Hey baby, I tried. No harm tryin', is there?"
Angie took another cigarette, but this time Vic snatched up the matches before Hank could get his light ready. Vic smiled with satisfaction as he lit her cigarette. "That's right, Vic, you tried," she said with a half smile, "You tried, but you failed...Now why don't you go back to your lover girl over there...before she decides to get some other dick wet tonight?" She got off the stool. "Enjoy the skiing," she said, gently pushing his bulk aside, but with a firmness that surprised even him. She headed for a small hall where the bathrooms were and disappeared behind the women's door.
When Angie came out of the bathroom, she found Vic a few feet away, blocking the hall. She halted in the doorway uncertainly. He was leaning against the wall, one arm outstretched, and he was grinning. "You know," he said, "I really hate to fail...One thing that really bugs me the most is when somebody tells me I failed." He drummed his fingers on the wall slowly.
She closed the door deliberately behind her and leaned against it. "I can understand that," she said, with a degree of defiance, "you must have failed a lot to feel that strongly about it."
Vic's grin disappeared. His expression suddenly turned rigid, and his hand coiled into a fist, thumping against the wall in time with the music. His eyes were smoldering with anger. Angie could feel her heartbeat pulsing more rapidly. She carefully folded her arms, so that her hands would be within easy range of his face, in case she had to defend herself. "Are you going to hurt me, Vic?" she asked, in as cold a tone of voice as possible. Hearing this, knowing he was frightening her, Vic instantly calmed his anger, and his expression dissolved from grimness into atonement. He grinned harmlessly. He did not want to scare her, after all, just intimidate her a little, let her know that he wasn't the kind of man to be put off so easily. "Hurt you? Hey,...no...of course not. I'm not that kinda guy, Angie...Really, I'm not." His tone sounded more sincere, and he was pleased with the effect. "Look, I know you must think I'm a big jerk coming on to you the way I was..and maybe I was being a jerk...But Hey, I'm not going to apologize for it, 'cause that's just the way I am. I just don't believe in beating around the bush, 'cause that's a big waste of time, you know what I mean? I acted that way because...well, I wanted you to like me. It's just that you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, and I'd love to spend some time with you, anywhere, anytime, anyway possible. I just wanna know if there's the slightest chance of that happening, that's all...Couldn't we meet somewhere?"
She decided to humor him until she could get into the bar. "Maybe we could do that...anything's possible, Vic."
"When?"
"I don't know. Some other time. I can't now...Maybe some other place..."
Vic's smile brightened. "I get it. You don't want the old man to know. No problem. Why doncha come to Colorado Springs some time? Y'ever get up to the Springs?"
"Yes, sometimes I do," she lied. She had never been there before. "Perhaps I could meet you there sometime..."
"Righteous! Y'see how easy this all is?" Vic said, extremely pleased with himself. He figured she'd never show up, but at least he was having some fun with her now. Besides, who knows? She just might show up. "Wait a second, I got an idea," he said, absentmindedly shaking his head from the effects of the tequila, "Here..." He removed his hand from the wall and staggered into it, and reached for his wallet. He held it in front of him and it slipped from his hand. Angie's hand reached out and caught it before it had dropped a foot. Vic grinned at her. "Hey, yer pretty fast." She gave it back to him, and he fumbled through it and pulled out a card. "If yer ever in Colorado Springs, this is where I work. It's a record store. I work there, when I'm not at class, that is. Here, take it."
She looked at the card then at him. "If I take the card will you let me by?"
"You got it."
She took the card, and he said "You hang onto that baby now."
"Don't worry," she said, "I'll put it right in my personal files." She stuffed it into her ass pocket. Vic laughed. "Personal files..Ha Ha...I like that. Baby, you are the most righteous..."
She made a move to pass him, and his hand went up to the wall again. "Hey," he said, "where y'goin?"
"It's time to say goodnight, Vic."
"Gimme a kiss first," he said with a grin. 
"No."
"C'mon, gimme a kiss first."
"No."
"Why not?"
"Because I don't want to."
"Why not?"
"Because you're drunk. Because I have better things to do. But mostly because I don't want to."
"I won't let you go until you do..."
She considered. "I could yell for help."
"Yep, you could...But I'd steal the kiss before anyone got here, and then I'd just walk away, as innocent as can be." He grinned, and she felt her heart beating faster as she realized he was right. He brought his face closer to hers. "C'mon, whatta y'say?"
She watched him lean closer to her until she could smell the beer on his stale breath, and concentrated on stilling her pounding heart. When his lips were mere inches from hers she knew what she would have to do. "Wait," she said. She brought a finger to his lips as if to silence him. Vic stopped. "Ask me first," she said. He looked confused. "What?"
"I want you to ask me first."
"Why?"
"If you want to kiss me you have to ask me first."
He looked skeptical, but then shrugged. "Hey, okay. If it'll help the cause. Can I kiss you?"
She put her hands on his shoulders gently and said, "Can't you ask me any better than that?"
He liked the feel of her hands upon him and he thought, well now, that's more like it; and in a quiet softer tone he said, "Angie, you lovely thing, may I please kiss you?"
The corners of her mouth smiled ever so slightly in satisfaction, and she cupped his cheeks in her hands and said, "Yes...you may kiss me."
Vic closed his eyes and felt their lips meet. Her flesh was soft, warm, yielding and swirling in light erotic movements, leading his lips up and over passionate waves, first one, then another, and another. He heard her moan, and it turned him on...or was it his moaning...and felt the heat of her lips, warm, growing in desire, burning, burning for him...that moan again, wanting more...her tongue probed his lips, and he parted them and met hers with his own, touching the wet warm tip, swirling around the muscle, feeling underneath, then over the top to go deeper into her mouth, and deeper still...again the moan...hers or his?...driving him into a growing desire to probe further...her tongue fought his entrance playfully, and he charged from several positions before he finally gained entrance to the gates of her wet mouth. He charged further and further, exploring the sides and roof and felt her tongue guiding him along, beckoning him further, lapping his tongue gently on the bottom, then flicking in a teasing way,...(God, how does she do that?)...awakening new senses within him, feelings he had never experienced before. Her tongue was alive, feeling and kissing his with its thousands of tiny tentacles which gripped in an odd irresistible way like...(How does she do that?)...like...(God Almighty, they feel like suction cups)...yes, like suction cups...(That can't be her tongue...no way!...then what is it?)...now rolling around his tongue like...(Jesus Christ! It feels like a snake! What the hell is she doing?)...like a snake...guiding his tongue further in, beckoning further, growing warmer now...warmer...hotter...hotter...gripping tighter now...and tighter, coiled like...(It is a snake! It's not a tongue, it's a snake!)...like a snake, not beckoning now, but pulling, pulling his tongue further into her mouth, deeper into her mouth...(Oh God, no!)...until his tongue was stretched as far as it could go...and then stretched further...(Let go! Let go! She's pulling my tongue out!)...it was burning now, white hot with desire...her tongue had melded with his, and he could no longer distinguish between the two...(help me...the pain)...now the burning sensation was no longer desire, but ravenous hunger, as he realized in horror that the pain was being caused by his own tongue being slowly severed from his throat...he could feel muscle and flesh ripping, and blood spewing into his mouth...and hers...and she was drinking it...drinking it thirstily...Oh God, no, not my tongue...not my tongue...the pain!...the pain!...what are you doing?...Oh God, help me!...somebody help me!...she's pulling my tongue out!...she's pulling my fucking tongue out!...get her away from me!...get her away from me!...help me!...help me!...Blackness...blackness swallowing me...Oh God...help me...
"What the fuck!..." The words screamed in his mind, but all that came out was a drunken slurred mumble. Angie's hands gripped his head firmly. His eyes were as big as plates. He tried to scream "What are you doing to me?" but the only sound that came out was an almost indiscernible whisper of a whimper. "What do you think I'm doing?" she said softly, "I'm giving you what you wanted." Suddenly she snapped his head to the side and pushed back, and with one step, using the force of her body, drove him back. He yelped in pain and reeled back, losing his footing. His back slammed into the bar and he fell on his butt, almost knocking Hank's stool over. Oh my God, he thought, she snapped my neck in two. I'm dead.
But he was not dead, nor was his neck broken. The other bar patrons all looked over, and his friends had stood up. Chucky started making his way over, and Bosky was right behind him, looking grim, and carrying a sawed off baseball bat in his hand, which he had picked up along the way. Angie walked out of the hall casually, as if nothing at all had happened. "Angie," Bosky said "You okay?"'
"Sure," she said, "I guess he must have tripped over his feet."
Vic had gone pale. He was probing his mouth intently for his tongue, as Chucky helped him up. "Is it bad, Chucky?" he asked desperately, "Is it real bad?"
Chucky regarded him oddly. "What're you talkin' about?"
Vic clenched his shoulder so tightly that Chucky winced. "My mouth, man! My tongue!"
"What's wrong with your tongue?" Chucky asked, horrified by this strange behavior.
Vic turned to look in the bar mirror, and in horror and relief, saw that there was no blood. He stuck his tongue out and swirled it around. Oh shit! he thought, it's still there...thank God... "Oh God," he cried, "Oh God Almighty, it's still there."
Chucky, keeping his hands on him, looked nervously at his friends and shrugged. Vic's face turned paler than it had been, and he felt a knot in his stomach give way to nausea. It rose so swiftly that he knew there was no time to make it to the john, and he attempted to turn away from Chucky, but his friend held him fast, determined to understand what was wrong with Vic. And it was too late. Vomit spewed forth from his mouth, spraying Chucky, and drenching the front of his own sweater completely. "Oh God, Vic," Chucky grimaced in disgust, "goddamit!" He back away from him as if Vic were infested with plague. Bosky closed his eyes and hoped that this was all a dream.
Angie leaned against the bar next to Hank. "How flattering, Vic," she said, "something to remember you by."
Vic looked extremely confused, and then went pale again. He bolted for the men's bathroom, and was soon heard heaving away. The locals were chuckling, and some of his friends began to laugh. Gail was not amused.
Angie grabbed her whiskey and cigarettes. It was time to tend to Bobby. "See you around, Bosky," she said, walking for the door.
 "So long, Angie." 
"See ya, Hank."
"Bye, Angie," Hank said. He turned and watched her as she got into the Toyota and pulled away into the night, the tires spitting snow and slush behind them. He turned back to his drink, examined his befuddled expression in the mirror, and contemplated what had just happened.
Bosky, relieved that there was to be no violence, put the bat down on the bar, and motioned Chucky over to him. "Look, uh, you guys can stay if you want. But your gonna have to keep your buddy on a leash, you know what I mean?"
Chucky nodded apologetically. "No problem, man. I don't know what the fuck happened. Just too much to drink, I guess."
Bosky nodded at him patronizingly. "I guess." 
 Chucky cleaned up the floor mess with a couple of bar towels, and went into the bathroom to clean himself up. Vic could still be heard having the dry heaves, and Chucky was yelling at him for puking on him and embarrassing them both.
Hank smiled to himself. The muscleman deserved it, from what he could tell; he deserved every bit of what he'd gotten. He took a sip of his beer and watched the bubbles in the glass, and wondered what it was that Vic had "gotten."
Bosky came down to his end of the bar. " "Nother beer, Hank?"
Hank nodded, and drank a last swallow before handing his glass over. Bosky filled it and set it down. "No charge," he said, sitting down in his usual spot."
"Thanks Joe." Hank lit a cigarette.
"I don't know about these college boys," Bosky said, "I've seen littler guys hold their liquor better than that big guy. And did you see the way he crashed into my bar, tripping over those big feet of his? I'll betcha tanglefoot is his middle name." Hank laughed.
"Now you take ol Frank Johnson," Bosky said, "Now that's clumsy. He's so uncoordinated he can't pour water into a tub. You know who I'm talkin' about. And does he get shit faced?"
"Yep, that he does," Hank agreed.
"You bet he does. I've seen Frank so shit faced he can knock a beer over just by looking at it. But for all the years I've known him I ain't never seen him fall off a stool, or trip over his own feet."
"I never did either," Hank said, "and I know Frank as well as you do. But I'll tell you what. Hell may be fire and brimstone, and that muscle-bound galoot in there may be stinkin' like a skunk and givin' your plumbing something to think about, but he never did trip over those two big feet of his."
"No?"
"Nossir, he did not. I didn't see the whole thing, but I seen enough to know nothing got in the way of his feet."
Bosky frowned. "Well what happened then?"
"Why, she pushed him!"
"What? Angie?"
"That's a fact."
"No."
"It most certainly is a fact."
"She pushed him?"
"That's right."
Bosky grinned, containing a bellowing laugh. "Go on now..."
"I ain't goin' on."
"You're gonna sit there and tell me that pretty little girl just up and pushed that big fella and he went right down like ten pins?" Bosky finally let out a bale of laughter.
"That's what I'm saying," Hank said, "and I'll tell you something else too. About a minute before the whole thing happened, I got up off my stool to go use the pisser."
"I seen you get up..."
"Wellsir, there's the big muscle-bound, standing in the hallway there, blocking the whole entry like the rock of Gibraltor. So I figured he's waitin' his turn too, so Im turning to come back to my stool here and wait my own turn, and what do you think I see?"
Bosky shook his head.
"Why, I see Angie standing on the other side of him, looking at him, and she's got her hands on his face, and he's bending over somewhat, like he's gonna kiss her."
Bosky's bewilderment deepened. "Like he's gonna kiss her..."
"Just like that. Only they're not kissing, see. They ain't doing anything but standing there."
"Were they saying anything?"
"Hell no, they weren't sayin' nothin'. She's standing there with her hands on his face, and her own face just a few inches away, and looking like...like she's reading his mind or something." Hank paused to light a cigarette; Bosky stared impatiently at him.
"Wellsir, I didn't wanna be rude and stare, so I come back to my stool to wait, and the next thing I know the muscleman's ass is sliding off the bar, onto the floor, and wondering why his hem'roids are in his mouth. Now whatta you think of that?"
Bosky blew out a breath and shook his head. "Well I...I guess I don't know."
"And tell me this. What's all this shit he's saying about his tongue still being there?"
Bosky shook his head again and shrugged for good measure. "I guess I don't know that either...drugs maybe?"
Chucky and Vic came out of the bathroom, slowly, with Chucky supporting his huge friend. Vic did not look good. His knees were plainly shaking, and his face was still sweaty from vomiting. "Fuckin' bitch did something to me," he mumbled.
"Okay, Vic, c'mon," Chucky said.
"I'm tellin' ya, man!"
"Okay, okay. C'mon. Let's get you some coffee, and then let's get you to bed." They made their way feebly over to their friends, as Hank and Bosky looked on silently, and though they did not realize it, they were both looking at Vic, and thinking the same thing. Vic looked pale, weak, and frightened, and also in the back of their minds they both shared the oddest thought.
Somehow Vic looked thinner than when he had gone into the bathroom...much thinner.
#


2 

Bobby

It smelled like Death

The snow was falling heavier now, blowing in gusts, and at times the road was hidden from view. The huge snowflakes whipped toward the windshield in a mad frenzy, and Angie wondered if this was what it was like to be in space in the middle of a meteor shower. There was a semi ahead of her, with tire chains on, headed for Monarch Pass. It was barely visible, except for the tail lights, but its massive bulk was whirling snow all around it, creating a miniature storm directly behind it. She was following the tracks it left in the snow.
The incline began to grown steeper, and the road was now cutting through forested terrain. The truck slowed down, shifting gears for the long haul up the pass, and Angie slowed also to keep a respectable distance from the semi. She sighed to herself, knowing it would be a longer ride up the pass with the truck in front of her. She could have passed it on the edge of town a mile back, but she had felt in no hurry to get back to Bobby.
She lit a cigarette, and put a Fleetwood Mac tape in the cassette player to take her mind off of him, and to control the sense of overwhelming frustration she was feeling, about Bobby, of course...but also about Vic. She had been attracted to him; she knew this, and she knew why, but she had also been repulsed by him. The two desires, to run to him, and to run away from him, were in hopeless conflict, as they always were for her. A hollow feeling in the pit of her stomach gave way to momentary grief, and she cried to let some tears flow and ease the pain.
She didn't want to mindset him. It was his fault. He was coming on and he wouldn't stop. And he was an asshole. He deserved it. He forced her to do it. What else could she have done to avoid his liberties? Vic had assessed the situation correctly. She could have screamed, hollered for Hank or Joe, and they'd have come running, and things would have settled down. But he would have taken his kiss, and maybe a quick breast feel before walking away. And that would have been that, and she wouldn't have had to deplete herself with the mindset.
But then the rage would have come upon her before it was time, uncontrollably. She could not let that happen, at any cost. It was too dangerous for her...and for others.
A couple of tears squeezed out and trickled down her cheeks, and she wiped them away. If only she could have kept her mouth shut instead of talking to him, or better yet, refused the beer. But then, she felt certain that he would have come to her even if she had. Men like him always did; others had. And when they came on to her, as they always did, she would have to fend them off with curt words, or whatever reasonable tactics would work. And when they didn't work, as sometimes they didn't...well, the results were always unpleasant.
She turned off the highway about a mile further up, onto a small county road, and soon came to an entrance to a smaller private road which would eventually wind through the hills for seven miles before rejoining the county highway. Bobby's cabin was about two miles in. The dirt road was covered with several layers of snow from past storms, but intermittent travel from the few homeowners along the stretch had left permanent tracks to follow, but she had to shift into four wheel drive to negotiate the road. The path was a winding one, which made travel slow, but the wind was not gusting so much in here, and the snow fell steadily down, but softly, laying like heavy frosting on the bent branches of the trees. Brilliant eerie whiteness illuminated the forest in all directions.
In time she came to a black mailbox, turned into a driveway there and parked in front of a small log cabin. When she got out she could smell sweet pine smoke emanating from its stone chimney. The mountain air smelled crisp and clean; for the moment it was purifying. She looked up and felt the cold flakes settle gently on her face. They tickled, and she smiled a little and felt better.
The snow was deep here. She made her way around to the other side of the log cabin and walked about ten yards beyond, to where the ground sloped off suddenly. There she stopped and gazed out into the night, into the blowing white expanse of night, which in finer weather offered an impressive view of Mayfield to the east, and the valley to the northwest. All was darkness to her eyes now, except for the immediate snow around her, and the snow gusts she could occasionally see sweeping the valley. The storm made the snow beyond seem impossibly distant, and the valley incredibly vast.
She turned to go up to the house and took in the sight of the cabin briefly. She did not become attached to many places, but she had a growing fondness for this one. There was a wood porch on this side, and in better weather it was nice to sit out here and watch the view of the valley. She imagined what it would be like when the snow was gone and the forest and valley lush with green. She had not been here long enough to see it without snow.
She went inside, and the warmth of the cabin felt good. There were no lights on, but the red glow from embers in the fireplace cast more than enough light to see. It was a rustic interior with few furnishings; the entire cabin consisted of one large room. Bobby lay in shadow on a couch along the opposite wall, probably asleep, so she moved around quietly. She set the whiskey and cigarettes down on the dining table, the only table in the room, lit a cigarette for herself, and went to the fireplace to stir up the embers and feed another log. She noticed a log lying on the wood floor, next to the pile which she had stacked yesterday after an hour's worth of splitting. Either it had fallen off the pile of its own accord, which seemed unlikely, or...or Bobby had attempted to throw the log on the fire, and had been unable to do so. She went to the log and picked it up, and was suddenly overcome with nausea. Her head felt like blood was draining from it and dizziness swept over her. "Oh," she gasped, knowing she was about to faint. She dropped to her knees and put her head down to the floor until the dizziness passed, which was not for at least ten minutes. Cold sweat had beaded on her forehead, and she felt weak. She  noticed her cigarette butt laying on the floor. It had burned the wood. She flicked the butt into the fire, which was now licking hungrily at the log she had thrown on.
The mindset had weakened her. She had known it would, and now it was showing its symptoms as it had in the past. A warning light...overload...batteries weak...running on empty. The mindset had worked, as it always had, but it had robbed her of energy, precious life. There was no getting it back without...without Bobby's help. She glanced over to him slowly; it was difficult to move.
As if replying to her need, the sheets on the couch rustled, and she knew that Bobby was awake. She began to crawl over to him, and then realized in alarm that it was not only the mindset which had made her faint. It was also the smell of the room. In contrast to the clear pure smell of the outside, the inside smelled stale, suffocating, putrefying. It had been thinly covered up by the sweet smoky aroma of the burning pine, but the smell was there nonetheless. She had been mildly aware of it before, but now it was more pungent. Her reaction had been automatic. It smelled like death.
It smelled like Bobby.
Bobby was just awakening. He had managed to get some sleep for a change when Angie had left for Bosky's. It was a light sleep, filled with brief insignificant dreams. Except for the last one; the last dream had been a nightmare. It had awakened him just now. Earlier, before the dreams, he had gotten up once when the fire began to die, and it had taken all his energy, even using his cane, to make his way over to the fireplace. He cursed himself with each taxing step, cursed the man he was now, cursed the disease that had robbed him of the man he used to be. When he'd gotten there, he found he did not have the strength to lift the log to put it in the fire. He had grabbed it, and both his arms began to shake, and he succeeded only in toppling the log from the pile. It had almost landed on his foot, which could have broken it. He jumped back instinctively, and had almost fallen over. He cursed again, but not out loud because he did not have enough breath to speak above a whisper. In his healthier days, not too long ago, he could have carried six or seven logs that size under one arm. He had tried to recall how long ago that was. A month? Two? So difficult to remember anything. His memory was fading right along with his physical strength. Each day it had become more and more difficult to perform the most mundane things, like changing clothes, or walking over to the window to look out at the valley. Fortunately he could still use the crapper, when he had to go, which was not often.
He was not in pain, at least not too much. His muscles ached slightly, as if he might be coming down with flu. But it felt more like a bout he'd had once with mononucleosis, which left him totally drained of energy and needing constant rest. A desire to rest, and sleep if possible. Like now. Just some rest, and sleep, if possible. So he had made his way back to the couch, to rest, and maybe to sleep, until Angie came back with the whiskey. He wanted no food, didn't even care for water all that much. But he had a taste for whiskey. He hadn't lost that.
Nor had he lost his desire for Angie. She seemed more beautiful now than the day they met, not long ago, a couple of months maybe. Or was it a longer than that? He could not remember that either. In any case, what a strange turn of events, to encounter such a misfortunate stroke of bad luck in developing some weird disease that doctors couldn't explain other than anemia of some sort; and to meet someone like Angie, considerate, strong, independent, and loving. Lord, how this woman could love! She knew more ways to keep a man hard than Carter had little liver pills. Some nights had been pure ecstasy; occasionally he had performed as many as four times in one night. He could never do that with any other woman. He didn't think any man could, but he could with her, and he liked to brag about it down at Bosky's, even though he knew some of the others were jealous. Some of them wouldn't even speak to him any more, they were so jealous. They only wanted to be in his shoes; they wished it were them instead of him. That's the way some people were. Some of them anyway, not all. Not Bosky anyway, or Hank. Some of them were happy for him, or had been. But now nobody was feeling jealous of him. They were all sorry for him now.
But not Angie. She didn't feel sorry for him. She helped him when help was needed, and encouraged him when that was needed. There were no false pretenses about her. Sometimes he would joke with her about his disease, and her having sex with a man who had become emaciated practically down to nothing. He would joke about dying. And she wouldn't hear of it. She dismissed it and talked about something else...or she would make love to him. She wanted him, and she made it known to him every time they made love. She wanted him desperately, and you couldn't fake something like that. And he wanted her right back, and he gave himself to her like he had with no other woman. He wanted her, and she wanted him, for better or for worse.
And that was true love in anyone's book.
The problem is, he had reflected earlier when Angie had gone out for whiskey, true love is not what I need at the moment. It was difficult to enjoy loving Angie when his every movement was a labor. For that matter it was difficult to enjoy anything. He was so weak he could barely stand; even lying down seemed like an effort. But he had to sleep. Rest was what he needed.
He felt suddenly overcome with grief, and he began to cry. Then terror crept in slowly, and he instinctively fought off the notion that he might die. He managed to raise himself up on one elbow and looked around the room. The firelight was throwing dancing shadows everywhere, and they looked like shadows of ghouls, playing, waiting for him to die. He began to sweat, and wished Angie were back home. He didn't want to die. Lord, no, he didn't want to die. He just wasn't ready yet.
He grabbed for his bottle of Jim Beam on the floor next to where he lay. There were a couple of swallows left. He took one and felt the burn as the whiskey went down. Then he lay back down, and saw the shadows on the ceiling, hovering right over him. "Go away! he yelled, "Go away!" But all that came out was a whisper. He closed his eyes and moaned. Eventually he slept.
The dreams which followed were jumbled and confusing. One dream was about his mother scolding him in church. "I told you, Bobby," she whispered venomously, "I told you," while he cowered fearfully in the church pew. In another he was back in the auto garage where he worked. His coordination was gone, and he was dropping tools everywhere, while his embarrassed workmates looked away, pretending not to notice.
In the last dream, he was in a dark house. It seemed familiar, but it was strange looking. He was lying in bed, propped up on his elbows, looking around him. He was not emaciated, but strong and healthy, his normal 185 pounds. It was as if he had awakened from sleep and found himself cured. He felt alive and healthy. He laughed, feeling his face, his arms, legs. "Oh my God," he said in blessed relief, in his natural voice, "it was just a dream. It was just a goddam dream!"
He looked out the window and saw the sun shining brightly over the valley, and thought about what he wanted to do today. Now that the nightmare was over, he was going to start living his life right, take advantage of every moment of every day. Good health was not to be taken for granted.
He threw off the sheets he had slept in, and was about to get off the couch, when it suddenly occurred to him that the room was very dark, darker than it should have been, especially with the sun as bright as it was. He knew in his mind how much light should be pouring in through the windows. It happened everyday. The room was never this dark. What had happened to the light?
He heard a rustling noise from across the room, and it frightened him. He squinted through the darkness to see what it was. It sounded like an animal of some sort, and it was making weird scratching noises, or was it slithering? He felt a cold shiver run up his spine and tingle in his brain when he finally saw a shadow moving on the other side of the room. It was encased in darkness, and was moving toward him. It seemed to have four legs and white fur...no it was white hair, not fur, and it was not an animal at all, it was...it was human! It was a woman, an old woman, crawling on the floor slowly, like she was in much pain. She was naked, and her wrinkled baggy skin hung from her bones. Her breasts were two lifeless flabs of skin hanging down swaying with the movement.
"Who are you?" Bobby asked in trepidation. The old woman looked at him, stared at him constantly, with a sad, but cold expression in her dark eyes. The coldness in them was unmistakable, and inhuman, like a wolf or a lion which has found its prey. The eyes had lit up when he had spoken, as if she had not been aware of his presence beforehand. Dammit, he thought, why didn't I just shut up?
"Whatta you want?" he asked. The woman kept crawling, a little faster now, and a smile had grown on her face, a false unnatural smile revealing sore gums which had dropped their teeth eons ago. It was a smile of hunger...
"Get away!" he yelled. He thrashed and fought to get out of bed, and when he was jolted from the dream, only a mere whisper had uttered from his weak throat, and only a slight movement from his twitching legs indicated his disturbance. He managed to raise himself on his elbows, and looked across the room. Angie was back, thank God, and had brought some whiskey and cigarettes.
But Angie was on the floor. She was bent over with her head down. Something was wrong with her. Was she sick? Was she coming down with something? He saw her raise her head toward him, her eyes meeting his across the room, but for a split moment there was no recognition in them, only...only coldness. She began to crawl toward him. Her eyes looked familiar again, but there was something odd in her movement. She looked weak, and yet there was something very sensual in the way that she crawled toward him, in the way that her eyes never left his, those sad looking eyes. What had happened to her? Had she somehow caught his disease and was feeling the first symptoms, or was it something else?
A shiver passed through him as he remembered the dream, and he reached for the bottle just below him, more quickly and efficiently than he had moved in probably two weeks, and drank down the last swallow, keeping his eyes on her all the while. She came to him and placed a hand on his cheek. It felt like ice, and it was shaking slightly. He wanted to ask if she was all right, but his throat was tight, and the words would not come. As if in answer she said "Bobby, I need you...I need you now." 
Bobby shivered again. He knew what she wanted, what she was going to do. Lately he didn't have enough energy to respond in any fashion, but she always seemed perfectly willing to do all the work, and it was effective, and pleasurable for him. Why then was he shaking like a wet dog in a tub? An ominous feeling inside him said no, that he didn't want her right now, that he wanted to drink his whiskey and rest, but her hand was already on him, doing magical things that always surprised him, her eyes were gazing into his with their hypnotic spell, and her mouth just inches away from his, her hot breath caressing his face with passionate sweetness. Her free hand grabbed the sheet and threw it off, and then took hold of his underwear and pulled them off. She stared at his erection as if it were a long lost treasure.  She was breathing heavily, passionately, as she removed her own clothes, down to the very last stitch, and stood up before him. 
   Bobby sucked in a quick breath as a feeling of horror and hopelessness swirled into his heart, and now he realized that his life had just become a living nightmare. Angie's body, her beautiful lush shapely body, had changed. Her firm round breasts had sagged and wrinkled, her skin looked pale and lacking in muscle definition. She was shaking slightly, uncontrollably, and everywhere on her body her skin seemed loose enough to jiggle with the movement. Even her face was horribly pale. Her entire body was beaded with sweat.
She straddled him on the couch and slowly mounted herself on him. His horror-struck eyes clenched shut, refusing to watch, then eventually relaxed, and he began to pant, the cage of his malnourished ribs expanding and contracting surrealistically in the ghostly firelight. He was lost in it now. She had done it again, pulled him into the whirlpool of passion like a phoenix from the ashes, pulling him down farther and farther, while she moved him wildly and slowly with her magical ways, bringing him to the edge of orgasm, then holding him back, then once more, then holding back again. His mouth opened wide, wanting to scream, but not finding enough breath. The tension built up in him like a tightly wound spring. He felt powerless to move, and yet it seemed to give him great strength. He felt alive again, stronger again, and he felt that when he got to the edge this time with her, when he finally came, he would be a whole man. He would be complete. But she did not let him come for quite a while, and in frustration, his mouth opened and closed gasping for air, like a fish out of water.
Finally, she pushed him over the edge. Feeling an explosion inside her, she moaned aloud in  mixed passion and relief, as she felt his tension release, and she bathed and drank in his energy greedily.
Bobby went over the edge and screamed. He screamed and moaned in passion and bloody murder. Waves of pleasure racked into him and jerked his pelvis up into her, and came round again. It seemed endless, like a dream.  But what came out as a scream in his mind was a long drawn out exhale, and as he enjoyed these lingering pleasure waves, two things occurred to Bobby. The first was that the sight of her wrinkled body might simply have been an illusion, brought on perhaps by his disease. Her body was now glowing brightly with sweat, and the beautiful smooth curves he was used to seeing were still there. The second was that this was, without a doubt, the best all time orgasm he was ever experiencing...ever.
It was also his most final sensation. His screams of mortal pleasure died down to a raspy sigh of relief and then whispered away. His head turned limply to the side.
Bobby was dead.

When the morning came, the snow had stopped, the cloud cover had broken up, and the white valley shone brilliantly in the sun light. A quiet calm lay everywhere, except for the gentle whisper of breezes in the treetops. Bobby's house lay still and quiet, as if refusing to disturb the beauty of the day.
Matt Hendricks, a neighbor from a mile down the road, was driving by in his Ford pickup, having just finished plowing his own driveway. He stopped in front of Bobby's drive, and the huge plow in front of the truck bobbed gently. Matt stared at the house pensively. He had heard about Bobby's worsening condition but had not seen him in a while. He saw that his Toyota was gone and wondered if Bobby had driven somewhere. Then he remembered his girl Angie. She had probably taken it to town for something. Pretty girl, Angie. Mighty pretty. "You dog, Bobby," he said. 
He considered knocking on Bobby's door to say hi, then remembered the rumors going around at first that Bobby's disease was contagious, rumors that had been only halfheartedly dispelled by Doc Avery. He didn't really think it was if the doc said it wasn't, but just the same, he decided not to go in. But in an act of neighborly consideration, Matt decided to plow Bobby's driveway as long as Angie was out. Wouldn't she be surprised when she came back? Wouldn't they both be surprised?
#


3 

On the Road Again

She Did Not Feel Human

Angie was driving east on Route 50, with no intentions of going back. She had a knapsack containing what few belongings she possessed, Bobby's Toyota, and most of Bobby's cash which had been lying around. She also had the bottle of Jim Beam. 
She had looked around the cabin thoroughly to erase signs of her presence, and had cleaned the place completely. Bobby had taken some pictures of her with his Nikon camera, using two rolls of film, but only one had been developed. She exposed the roll in the camera, and destroyed the developed pictures and negatives. She must leave as little trace of herself as possible. As for Bobby, she had washed and dressed him, and left him on the couch, with no sheet on him, as if he were simply taking a nap.
For the moment she drove mindlessly down the road. She wore sunglasses, for the white landscape before her was brilliant with glare. The darkness of the shades seemed soothing.
She thought of him once in a while as the miles went past. Somewhere in the deep recesses of her mind she felt some remorse for what had happened to him, in the same way she had in her own way pitied the others before him. But any feelings of guilt or remorse were overwhelmed by her instinct for survival. There was no rational thought behind Bobby's death, or the way that she was, none that she was aware of. It was confusing to her sometimes, because it seemed to her that there was a reason for it all, that somewhere in her foggy past something had happened to her, or someone had done something to her to make her this way. A man or a woman? She did not know. And when she tried to search her mind too deeply for it, her thoughts became bogged down, and her thinking process became slowed down and confused. At the moment all she could manage to remember were a few faces, and some of the places she had been. Her memory was jumbled, and at times it seemed she could remember no further back than yesterday. And at other times...she caught brief glimpses, all too brief, of places that were somehow significant, and these were mostly in dreams.
Her primary concern now was, as always, what was she going to do next? And as always, she would have to watch, observe, and wait, and follow her instincts. It seemed to her at times that she had more in common with the insect and animal kingdoms than with the human race. She did not feel human. What she was, and what she did were not innately human, but she put no judgment on this thought, because she did what her instincts told her she must do. It was inconceivable to do things any other way. Her appetite was normal, her thought processes were guided by logic, and both were ruled by a strange innate guidance. She made normal decisions every day, but if she made a wrong decision, wrong in the sense that it threatened her very survival, she felt it strongly, and her mind and body reacted violently. In extreme cases, the result was the rage that sometimes came upon her; in other cases, the mindset was the result.
The two powers were strong presences in her, and instinct told her to fight to keep them in check, for they were not compatible forces. To let one or the other out of control would surely kill her, and she knew that her death, if it should come, would not be a normal one. She had no astral glimpses into the afterworld, had no conceptions at all of what lay beyond death for humans...only for her. She did not feel human, and it might be that perhaps she was not. She could feel some emotions, as she had last night; she could feel pain, she could feel pleasant sensations like cool water and gentle breezes. But she could not feel happiness, or inner pleasure, such as that inspired by a magnificent view, or a job well done, or the person she wanted to love. There was no person for her to love.
Inner love did not exist for her, only physical love, for it meant survival. And survival meant everything. Survival was her life, the only life she could remember.
She lit a cigarette and drove on blankly. The road had been well cleared of snow during the early morning hours. The crews had worked all night, and there were still plows on the road. She came into Canon City and stopped for gas and a bite to eat, which depleted her of fifteen dollars. Bobby had fifty dollars cash in a cigar box which she had taken. Now she had just enough gas to make it to Pueblo, and there she would ditch the Toyota. Then, once again, she would be on foot.
After looking at a map of Colorado, she had decided on Pueblo over Colorado Springs, or even Canon City. She wanted a large town because it would be easier to get rid of the car safely. It would not be long before Bobby's body was discovered, and the police would be after her in connection with his death. The coroner would find no evidence of foul play, none whatsoever, only a massive stroke brought on by overexertion of an already weakened heart. The police would concur, but they would be after her for grand theft auto at least. They would find no information about her other than that which Bosky and some of the locals could give them. But they would have the license plates and description of the vehicle she was driving.
She knew nothing about Pueblo except that she'd heard it was a poorer town than Colorado Springs, a mere forty miles away, and Denver. It was a smaller town than either of them, but if it was a poorer town it meant more minority groups, Chicanos, blacks, and that meant a higher crime rate. Theft was probably high on the list. It would be a perfect place to ditch the car.
She arrived in Pueblo in mid afternoon. The temperature had been warmer here than in the country, and the streets were wet with slush. Clouds were rolling in, threatening more snow. She spent much time driving around, exploring the town layout for places to spend the night, places to go and meet someone. The town was not impressive looking. Pueblo was a place of industry, and looked like one huge factory or steel mill. There was no warmth about it at all. It seemed cold.
She would fit right in. It was a perfect place to hide.
She found a room to rent for a week for thirty dollars, a small attic room on a third floor. That would do for now. She had five dollars left, but there were ways to get more money in a hurry.
The proprietor was a small Chicano man; his body was very roundish, and his hair was thin. He treated her in a friendly manner, but he was somewhat skeptical about her. He did not get many pretty young women in his place. But he smiled easily at her, though at one point he wondered if she might be a cop sniffing around for drug related reasons. But she did not act like a cop; she acted like any of the transients who happened in here. He was sure after she had paid and signed his register that she was definitely not police, that she had one thing in common with almost all the people who stayed in his rooms.
She was running away from something.
"I hope you will be comfortable in your room, Miss," he told her after the transaction was completed, "if there is anything you need, please call on me. My name is Ricardo."
"Thanks Ricardo." She took the keys he had given her, one for her room, one for the front door, one for the laundry room, and was about to turn, but then stopped, "Oh, there is one thing you could tell me.
"Yes Miss?"
"Well, I don't know this area very well. Is it very safe?"
Ricardo regarded her uncomprehendingly at first, but then awareness set in, and he smiled, exposing a gold front tooth. "Ah, of course, I understand. You are safe enough here, Miss. Do not worry."
She gave him a thankful half smile. "I'm sure of that. But what about the area around here?"
"Well, as for the area...you are a beautiful woman, senorita, and a beautiful woman should take care wherever she goes, si?"
"Si...but I have to deliver my brother's car to him tomorrow, and I want to make sure I don't park it in the wrong place, you know what I mean?"
Ricardo looked at her with the same expression, as if he did not understand at first, but then did. "Ah, si...of course, senorita, I understand now. Do not worry. Your car is safe here, and most other areas...But you would be wise to not park on Tejon St. at night."
"Tejon St.?"
"Si...Many cars have been stolen there, so I have been told. One minute you turn your back, the next...whoosh, the car is gone. Half hour later the car is in a chop shop, taken completely apart...or bound for some faraway destination."
She smiled at him. "Thanks, Ricardo, I'll remember that."
He smiled back at her warmly. "I'm sure you will be just fine, Miss."
Now that she knew where to ditch the car, there were two things she needed to do first. Find a drug store, and get some rest before she went out for the evening.
She had found out from Ricardo that there was a Walgreen's only a few blocks away. She drove there and went into the store. She needed two things. Hair dye, and money. She found the dye she was looking for, jet black, and went to the cashier, and discovered a line with five people in it. She observed the cashier, a tall gangly looking young man with glasses and pimples. Smart looking, but probably not too bright. He would do. But first she had to wait for the other customers to finish. When they did, she looked around quickly to make sure there were no other customers or employees, then quickly went up to the cashier and set the dye down. The young man smiled at her. "Hi," he said.
She smiled back at him while he rang the purchase. "That'll be twelve dollars, miss."
"Okay," she said. She took a dollar from her jeans pocket, and then suddenly looked sheepish. "Oh no," she said with a distraught voice. The clerk looked concerned. "What's the problem Miss?"
She smiled apologetically and put her hand on his and held it firmly. "Darn," she said, "I thought I grabbed a twenty, but instead I grabbed a hundred. I don't suppose you can change a hundred for me?"
Her touch was like ice, the clerk thought, but she was such an appealing looking woman that he overlooked it. Besides, she was in a bind and asking for his help, and he intended to help her out. She looked appealingly into his eyes, and he stared back into them, and for a split second, he truly longed for her. "Oh, I don't think that'll be a problem."
"Really? Gosh, that's great." She gave him the dollar, and he took it and examined it briefly, and seeing Ben Franklin's picture on it, gave her a smile back. "Oh," she said, "Wait, I want some gum." She turned around for the candy counter, and gasped in surprised to see an older stern faced woman waiting in line right in back of her. She was looking at the dollar bill, then at Angie. "Excuse me," Angie said stepping by her. She grabbed some Juicy Fruit and went back to the counter. "And this too," she said.
"All right, Miss. That'll be twelve fifty with the gum." He rang it up on the register, still holding the dollar bill in his hand. Angie looked around her nervously, and saw the woman look away from her to the clerk. The register drawer opened and the clerk put the dollar bill in one of the slots reserved for big bills, and counted back, "Twenty, forty, sixty, eighty, eighty five, eighty seven, and fifty cents makes a hundred. And there's your receipt. Thank you Miss."
"Thank you," she returned. Before she left, she turned around slightly to look at the woman, who was looking back at her with a confused expression. Angie quickly turned and left the store eighty seven dollars and fifty cents richer.
 When she returned to the car, she closed her eyes and rested for a minute. The mindset had worked, of course, and it had not been a strenuous one, as she hoped. She felt tired, however, and would need to rest. And this she did. 
She slept for six hours.
#


4

A Brief Tour of Pueblo

The Manitou Rangers

Later, with her hair now dyed jet black, Angie turned the Toyota down Tejon St. and parked two blocks down, where it was darkest. She examined the vehicle once more to make sure she had not forgotten to remove anything incriminating. She had already removed the registration and title, but checked the glove compartment again anyway. Satisfied, she left the vehicle with the keys in the ignition, and the driver's window partially open to look especially inviting to would be thieves. Then she hurried down to the end of the block and turned right toward a busier street she had passed, up ahead about two blocks. She could see a steady stream of cars going by, and wished she were already there. She did not like this neighborhood, this particular area. Even the snow and the cold air could not disguise the bad "smell" around here. The sound of her boots crunching in the snow sounded deafening to her ears, as if every dark building and house she passed were being alerted to her presence. She passed a brick building with graffiti painted all over it, including a strange looking insignia which was probably a turf mark for a local gang. "Death to all..." was painted elsewhere on the wall. A fourth word had been completely covered with spray paint.
She heard the laughter of men distantly behind her, but not so far away that she could not hear the crunching of their walk. She glanced back quickly and saw three figures, about a block behind her. None were wearing hats, and all had long dark hair. They were walking quickly in  her direction. She continued on, feeling her heart beating more quickly, telling herself that they were walking fast because of the cold.
She heard a whistle, and suddenly became convinced otherwise. She kept up her pace and did not look back. She had one block to go before being surrounded by traffic and lights, where she would stand a better chance of dealing with punks. "Hey," one of them called. She continued on, but took a look back. They were a half block away now, and gaining steadily. She could see now that all three were Chicanos, and that their attention was most certainly on her.
"Hey!"
"Hey, Missy! Hey Senorita, are you from around here?" They all laughed.
Angie took a deep breath to calm herself, and kept her eyes fixed ahead of her. She realized that they would overtake her before she reached the end of the block. They probably meant no harm, but when you were a stranger in a strange town, it was not safe to assume, unless it was to your advantage to assume the worst. Should she scream? Should she run?...Once they caught up with her, they might simply rattle her cage a little with words, show her what big men they were. That would be all right; she could handle that, even deal with them on their level, if only that were the case. But if that were not their intentions, if they intended to molest her...would they do that, here in the cold?...
Don't assume, she thought, for all you know they have a nice warm dark garage somewhere close by...
She could not mindset all of them, not even one of them without weakening herself drastically. But if they confronted her, and she had to fight...she felt sweat beading on her forehead in spite of the cold....then God help all of them. And her...
Suddenly, she sucked in a gasp. A bus had stopped at the corner up ahead! Its doors were now opening...
She heard running footsteps behind her, and her decision was made. Without looking back she bolted to a sprinting run for the bus. "Wait!" she yelled, "Wait! Hey!" She saw someone get off the bus; the driver was looking, not at her, but in his mirror. "Hey!" she yelled again. She heard laughing behind her. "Hey! the men yelled and laughed behind her. "Hey bus man! Hey Mr. Driver..."
She saw the bus doors close, and her heart despaired, as the bus began to drive off. "Stop!" she yelled.
Then the bus stopped. The driver honked his horn angrily at a passing car, and was about to take off again when he saw Angie running frantically, waving to him. He sighed, and considered taking off to keep himself on schedule, but then opened the doors. 
"Oh thank you," Angie thought. She leaped up the steps to the aisle and turned to see where the men were. With a gasp she realized one of them was already in the doorway, smiling at her. Angie clenched her teeth grimly at him, grabbed one of the bus poles, and struck out with the heel of her boot. She connected squarely on the bridge of his nose, effectively snapping cartilage from bone. The man's eyes took on a vacant shocked look as he temporarily lost consciousness and reeled back from the force of her kick into the arms of his buddies behind him. Angie whirled toward the stunned driver and glared at him. "Drive!" she yelled. The shaken driver fumbled with the door lever, and sped away, the doors finally closing only after he was in traffic. Angie watched one of the men run after the bus in full sprint, but he slipped on some ice and went down. He got right up and shouted profanities at the bus. Angie shut her eyes in relief, and then stifled a nervous laugh as she realized they might well have been running for the bus themselves.
"Lady?"
She turned to the driver; she was still catching her breath. "You okay, lady?" he asked. He looked out of breath himself.
"Yeah...Yeah, I'm fine." She glanced down the bus aisle at a handful of skeptical looking people, all of whom stared at her nervously, then out the window, lest she should somehow bring her world of havoc into their lives. She realized that they were all very frightened of her at this moment, including the driver. She calmed herself.
Were those boys after you Miss?"
She looked at him. Were they boys?...I didn't notice..."Yeah, they were chasing me. We all wanted the window seat, and I won..."
"Pardon me, Miss?"
She smiled to herself, and was breathing normally again. "Nothing...How much do I owe you?"
The driver honked at another passing car and swore under his breath. "At least seventy five cents, Miss. Depends on how far you want to go. Where are you going?"
She looked at him oddly, as if she had not understood him, then glanced out at the nightlife through the windshield. "Where am I going..."
"That's right Miss. Where are you going? Where are you trying to get to?"
I don't know, she thought. Why don't I know?....and why has that never bothered me until now? "Washington St.," she said, thinking of the street the rooming house was on.
"Well that's just up ahead a few stops."
"Okay." She put a dollar in the fare box, and he gave her a quarter back. She took a seat in the front. The bus pulled over to a stop and new passengers boarded. She sat back and stared at the advertisements lining the top of the bus walls. One showed a picture of a crow gaping back at her. The caption read: "We've got plenty to crow about at Crowe Savings..." She lingered on this one, staring into the eyes of the crow...
...I remember a crow, she thought. There was a crow, a big black ugly crow. It was following me, watching me...Where was that?..out west...New Mexico...
...New Mexico...Was I there?...Or is that where I have to go?...
"This is Washington, Miss," the driver said.
"Oh..." the thought dissipated. She got up for the door. The bus stopped and she turned to the driver. "Thank you," she said, suddenly noticing for the first time that he was a black man. He had been very nice to her. She smiled at him.
"Okay now, you take care y'self, Miss," he said, smiling back. She got off, someone else got on, and the bus drove off. She looked up at the street signs. She was at Washington and Broadway. She looked around her and recognized the corner. The rooming house was only a block down. She looked up and down Broadway. Being Saturday night, there was a respectable amount of traffic passing by, and in spite of the cold, people were walking the streets, for there were bars and other places of entertainment a block down. She decided to walk that way.
She heard the constant whoosh of tires spitting slush as the traffic passed. She was conscious of shaking in her legs, and knew it was not from the cold. It was from fear. The incident with those boys had instigated it. The feeling was strong, and its presence hovered around her just as closely as if it were someone walking next to her. It was there in the looks she gave those passing by. It was there in the store windows, in her reflected face as she stopped to gaze and saw her sad frightened eyes staring back at her. But she knew her face did not betray this, and that others did not see her the way she saw herself. Others saw an attractive face, but cold, perhaps unsympathetic, and perhaps a bit unsettling, even unpredictable. She did not mind this. It was the way she wanted to be. It was the way she had to be, because it helped her to control the fear.
Except that now the fear seemed more intense. Or else she was seeing it more clearly for what it was. Somehow she was seeing things more clearly; her mind had been shaken up in an incident which had been potentially life threatening. The adrenaline had raced through her. And the fear had closed in, not in a paralyzing way, but in a way that honed her instincts and reactions to a fine attunement with...something. 
She stopped in front of a TV store and watched three televisions playing three different stations. One was a nature program, and there were birds flying in the distance, over a panorama of lush green wetland areas. They were Canada geese.
But to Angies eyes they became crows, flying over mountainous desert regions, filling the sky with blackness...
There was a crow, she thought. I remember it now. It was following me. I was frightened of it. And at one point...it said something to me...what did it say?...
She had a sudden flash of remembrance...but it seemed so absurd she wanted to laugh.
Nevermore...
Nevermore? As in Edgar Allen Poe?...The Raven, that was the poem. "Quoth the Raven, Nevermore...Once upon a midnight dreary..." I know that poem, I know that poem!...
But why do I know it?...
She continued on in an unhurried pace. A couple passed her. They were arm in arm, and the young fellow kissed his girl on the cheek. She observed them passively, as she might watch a couple of monkeys grooming each other, and remembered she had never experienced this.
Where am I going?...That was the question the driver had asked her, the question to which she didn't have an answer, or could not remember an answer. She remembered some of the faces of men she'd been with, but only recent ones. She knew there were others, but to recall them seemed too tiring. There must be many other things she could recall, if it were not so difficult. Did she used to know where she was going? Logic told her she must have known at some time.
Still, she had remembered the crow...and that she had feared it. That was good. The fear that she felt tonight had sharpened her senses somehow. Perhaps to feel fear was a good thing. Perhaps if she faced more fear, she would recall more...
But she would have to be very careful to control it. The city streets were dangerous.
She heard loud music coming from a bar a few doors down. It was country rock music, as Bobby would have called it. She decided to go in and listen.
The club was called Wade's. She paid a three dollar cover in the foyer and walked in to a place which looked bigger inside than it had on the outside. There was a long bar on the right, a couple of pool tables on the left, and beyond was a large seating area leading to a hardwood floor dance area, which was at the moment a sea of cowboy hats moving in counter clockwise direction to the Texas two step. The band was a five piece, and the lead singer was a tall man with a black beard and cowboy hat, but that was all she could tell from here. The poster in the door had said they were The Manitou Rangers.
She moved to the other end of the bar, closer to the band, and chose a stool there. She'd heard some guy saying "Oh, yeah..." as she'd passed, perhaps in reference to her. A quick view of the crowd as she walked through told her that most of the people here were couples. That was good; there would probably be less hassle then, although she might well be asked to dance. But that would be all right too.
She sat on the bar stool and ordered a Lone Star beer. The band was playing a song by the Eagles, and the crowd seemed to enjoy them. She studied the band members briefly. The lead singer was looking at her now and then, which did not hurt his guitar playing any. He was a tall man all right, and thin, though well proportioned for his height. His black beard was of medium length, and smooth looking. Long black hair flowed from under a black cowboy hat. His eyes were dark looking, and serious, but he smiled often as he sang, and he was pleasant to look at. The lead guitar player was also thin, and quite small, and wearing a white cowboy hat which seemed too big for his head. He was very serious looking, and closed his eyes when he played his lead breaks. The bass player was a heavy man, fat actually, and it looked as if the guitar he played was resting on his huge stomach. He had a brown bushy beard, but his hair was shorter than the lead singer's. The drummer she couldn't see too well, but he had long blond hair, was clean shaven, and had muscular arms. He looked younger than the others. His face looked intent and his mouth moved, as if he was humming to himself while he played.
The man on pedal steel guitar was the jolliest looking one of the lot. He had dark curly hair, no cowboy hat, with a long moustache which looked good on his round face. He smiled a lot as he played. He looked like a big man, beefy, but not muscular, but Angie guessed he was probably stronger than he looked. She noticed that he also looked her way often, throwing a couple of extra smiles her way. There was a nice feeling about him. She smiled back.
When the song was finished, the lead singer said "We're gonna take a short break, and then we'll be right back." Someone in the back yelled "Yeah...sure you will." Taped music began to play, and some of the dancers stayed out on the floor.
A drunken cowboy made his way up to the bar and stood next to Angie, a little too close. He stared at her for the longest time, it seemed, and she turned away from him, pretending not to notice. "Shey," he mumbled, "w'dance?" He was holding on to the bar for support. "No," she answered simply, not even looking at him.
He nudged her arm. "H'come?"
She looked at him cooly. "Get lost." She turned away again. He stood there staring at her, his head bobbing a little, as if he were trying to think of an appropriate comeback.
"Freddy!" a voice on the other side of her said, "Lemme have a beer when you get a chance." She turned and saw it was the lead singer. She turned to him and smiled. "Hi," he said pleasantly.
"Hi," she returned, "you boys sound pretty good."
He gave a token tip of his hat. "Why thank you mam."
She felt another nudge on her arm. "Hey," the drunk said, "c'mondance..."
She was going to turn to him and say something to shut him off, but the lead singer, reading the situation, stepped in and put a firm hand on the man's shoulder and gave him a friendly smile. "She don't wanna dance with you, partner. She's a friend of mine come down to hear us play, and she wants to talk with me a while, okay?" He left his hand on the man's shoulder to impress the point. The cowboy nodded and shrugged as if it were her loss, but no big deal. "Okay Johnny...no pro'lem..." He staggered away.
"Thank you," Angie said.
"My pleasure, mam."
"Do you play in here often?"
"Oh, about one weekend a month, more or less. We play all over the state, but mostly in the mountain areas, and along the eastern slope, Colorado Springs, Denver, Boulder, Fort Collins..."
"...and Pueblo," she added with a half smile.
"...And Pueblo," he laughed, "A straight line down I-25, all in a row from here to Fort Collins. It's a good circuit."
"You do this full time?"
He nodded. "As full time as we can."
The beefy pedal steel player ambled up to them with a grin on his face. "Jesus Christ, Johnny! That's your second beer in two hours! What're you tryin' to do, get wasted and put me to shame?"
Johnny laughed. "Puttin' you to shame doesn't take much tryin' partner." They both laughed, and Angie smiled at the crack. "You tryin' to say you want another beer?" Johnny asked. 
"Good guess!" he replied. He turned to Angie, "He knows me so well too!"
Angie directed her smile at him, and he said, "But I don't know you."
Johnny put in, "Why, this is...Uh, don't know your name, do I?"
"It's Angie," she said.
"Well I'm Johnny, Angie, and this here's Jake."
"Johnny and Jake," Angie said, shaking their hands.
"Jake and Johnny," Jake corrected.
"Johnny and Jake; Jake and Johnny..." Johnny dismissed, with a wave of his hand.
"I think they sound good either way," Angie said.
"Well now," Johnny said, "looks like we have a real diplomat here."
"Yeah," Jake said, "We're the two musketeers. We started this rag tail band."
"I think it's a good band."
"Hey, y'hear that, beanpole?" Jake said to Johnny, "She likes it. We must be doin' something right."
"I'm the one who's doin' someting right, partner. I've been coverin' all your mistakes." Jake laughed aloud, and Johnny handed him a beer. "Here's a fresh beer. It's mine, but you can hold it for me. I gotta go talk to Boz for a minute."
"I won't touch a drop," Jake said. Johnny left, and Jake took a large guzzle from the bottle. "Who's Boz?" Angie asked. She had taken a cigarette, and now Jake was responding with a match. "Boz is Bosworth, the bass player."
"Thank you...Boz...that's a cute name."
"We think so too. We all sat him down one day and said 'Bosworth, we don't think your name is cute enough...you're gonna have to leave the band or change your name.'"
"I see..." Angie said, amused, "and so he changed it..."
"No, he said, 'Well okay. Can I get back to you on that?'"
Angie smiled, and Jake said "Lady, either you're gonna have to start laughing, or I'm gonna have to go write some new material. I guess you don't laugh much do you?"
Angie cocked her head in answer. "No, I guess I don't."
"Hey, that's okay, you're just as pretty anyway. The world would be a sorry place if everybody was laughing all the time."
That remark, and the thought of everyone laughing at the same time, actually did make her laugh, and Jake clapped his hands. "Gotcha," he said, "Whew! For a moment there I thought I was losing my touch."
Angie was amused. "No sir," she said, "You're doing just fine."
"That's better. But enough of serious stuff; let's get on to more ridiculous conversation. So, you like the band, huh?"
"Yes...but I have to confess..."
"Oh...a Catholic huh?"
She gave him a sarcastic smile, then slapped his arm. He giggled. "Catholics love to confess..." he explained.
"What I meant...is that I've only heard one song."
He stopped and stared at her with a numb look on his face. He nodded his head as if he hadn't quite understood. "You mean to tell me," he said, "I've been standing here talking to you, thinking you're one of our steady fans, that you know all our songs, that you've followed us from Boulder to Manitou, that you'd do anything to get your hands on our records, if we had any, that is...and you've only heard one song? Is that what you're telling me?"
Angie shrugged innocently. "That's it."
"And you like us after only one song?"
"Yeah...I think you guys are good."
"Angie...I think I love you."
She smiled skeptically. "I'll bet you say that to all the girls."
"Well, yes, that's true...but it never sounded as sincere until just now."
Angie laughed again, much to her own surprise, as well as Jake's. "I'm on a roll now. Where are you from, gorgeous? Pueblo?"
She looked down and took a drag of her smoke before crushing it out. "Not exactly," she answered, "I just...arrived here."
"From where?"
"From out west...I've been traveling around."
"You got family here?"
"No."
"Friends?"
"No..."'
"Okay, you got a man here?"
"No..."
"Wow, you sure picked a great spot to vacation, kid. No family, no friends, no boyfriends..."
"Well, like I told you, I've only just arrived."
"Sure, I understand, only..." He chuckled, "Pueblo ain't exactly the garden spot of the Rockies, you know what I mean?"
"Yes...I've been noticing that."
"Are you planning on staying here for a while?"
She looked away, considering this. "I don't know...I haven't decided."
"Aha!..." Jake's face brightened.
Angie regarded him curiously. "What do you mean Aha?"
"Aha!...That means if you haven't decided yet, you're not going to  stay. You'll leave soon."
"Really..."
"Oh yes...I've seen this kind of thing happen before. It's called the, uh, Disenchantment with Pueblo Syndrome...DPS...It's very common around here."
"Is it really..."
"Oh yes...it's more epidemic than people realize. Everyone in Pueblo has it."
Angie let out a skeptical smile. "And is there a cure?"
"Oh sure," Jake said, taking a drink, "Leave..."
Angie laughed. "How do you know I've got this...DPS?"
"Just wait a day or so. If you don't, you will."
"Really...How interesting. Something I never knew before."
"Well...glad I could help educate you, mam."
"And how far would I have to go to get rid of this syndrome?"
Jake looked her over carefully. "In your case?...I'd have to say about as far as Manitou."
"Manitou?"
"Yes. Manitou Springs, Colorado. The waters would be very healthy for you."
"The waters..."
"Yes."
"And why Manitou Springs? Why not Glenwood Springs, or Poncha Springs, or Eldorado Springs...or Colorado Springs?..."
"Well...because that's where I live."
Angie smiled wryly. "And then I'd be all right?"
"Yes, I'd be very healthy for you."
"Well, I can't say if I'll come to Manitou to live. But I will come and hear you play again."
Jake smiled most sincerely. "Angie, that is a day I will look forward to."

#
5

Johnny Enlightens Boz

I Aint Felt No Electric Shocks

Johnny and Boz were over by the bandstand, trying to locate the source of some mysterious buzzing from Boz's bass guitar amplifier. "I don't think anyone can hear it when we're playing," Boz said, "but it's loud enough to be annoying."
Johnny was checking the amp for loose speaker wire connections. "Everything looks good back here, partner." He checked the polarity switch on the back, and there was a reduced volume in the hum, but it was still present. Boz sat his huge frame down on the stage and drank his beer. "I noticed a difference just then," Boz said.
"So did I, but it's not the problem," Johnny said, checking the guitar cord now. "It must be a short or a grounding problem." He examined the cord which looked okay, then unscrewed the cylindrical casing to one of the jacks and looked at the wires soldered on the ends. They looked fine. He examined the other end plugged into Boz's guitar, and saw that the ground wire had broken off at the solder joint. "Bingo!" he said. Boz looked over and he showed him the defect. "You ever take care of this stuff?" Johnny asked him. Boz shrugged. "Sure I do, boss. Once in a while. But I ain't no technician, you know." Johnny smiled. "You don't have to be a technician to open the casing once in a while and have a look see. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure, and will help prevent electric shocks."
"I ain't felt no electric shocks."
"Well that's because..." Johnny stopped. There was no point in talking to Boz about grounding. He could no more understand that than he could read sheet music. "Never mind. You would if you touched the microphone."
Boz looked at one of the mike stands, then at his guitar, then back at Johnny uncomprehendingly. "But I don't sing, boss. So what's the problem?"
Johnny sighed. "Wait here a second." He went to a black bag at the rear of the stage and brought back a small piece of electrical equipment with two wires sticking out of it. "I'll show you the problem," Johnny said, "See this thing? It's a circuit tester. See that little window there?"
"Yeah..."
"That's an LED...a light."
"I know what an LED is," Boz said, "A light emitting diode." He knew because his home stereo had an equalizer with LED's on the face. The man at the stereo store had told him that's what they were.
"Very good, Boz," Johnny said, trying to sound impressed so as not to insult Boz intentionally. "This thing lights up when there's juice present. Watch." He plugged both wire ends of the tester into the recepticles of a nearby junction box, and the LED glowed brightly. "See? That means there's plenty of juice flowing through the wires here, okay?"
"Sure," Boz said. He understood that.
"Okay. Now watch." Johnny plugged the bass guitar back in, touched one of the tester wires to the strings, and another to a ground. The light glowed faintly. "See that?" Johnny said.
"Yeah..."
Johnny now grabbed one of the microphones and gave it to Boz. "Here, hold this, but don't touch the guitar strings!"
Boz suddenly looked skeptical. "Okay...but I think I understand what you're getting at..." he said.
Johnny touched the wires to the strings, and one to the microphone, and the LED lit up like a firefly. "See that?" Johnny asked.
"Yeah, I see it," Boz said, finally comprehending, "It means I better keep my fucking hands off the microphone."
"You got it, partner...Would you care to test the theory?"
Boz looked at him nervously, then shook his head and laughed. "Here, take this fucking thing away from me."
Johnny took the microphone. "Don't worry. You'll be okay as long as you don't touch anything else that's live...Or..." He reached back into the black bag and pulled out another cord. "Or we can replace the cord," he said, handing it to Boz, who switched them. "All right!" Boz said, pleased, "Does this mean I can use the microphones now?"
"Hey, don't get any ideas," Johnny said.
"Hey, check out Jake's action over there," Boz said, "Looks like he's found himself a girlfriend."
Johnny looked over and saw the two of them looking as though they were getting on very well. The girl Angie was a good looker all right. He was attracted to her himself, and was feeling some pangs of envy. Jake always was faster on the draw, and smoother. He always had a line for every occasion. If she only knew how many women he's been with, he laughed to himself. "Yeah...we may have to start the next set without him."
"Who is she, Johnny? I seen you talking to her."
"Her name's Angie. I just met her. Seems nice. She's got a body, I'll tell you that."
"Lord, that's a fact," Boz agreed.
Johnny looked across the stage and saw Leroy, the club owner, making his way over. Leroy was small and stocky, with closely cropped thin brown hair and large glasses. He didn't look like much of a club owner, dressed as he was in a white shirt with button down collar, and grey pressed slacks. He looked more like a businessman who had come in to drink after work. But he was a businessman through and through, no matter what he looked like, and right now, Johnny thought, he looked like he had business on his mind. "Hi fellas," he said, "how's it going?"
"Going fine, Lee," Johnny said.
Leroy glanced around the club as if he were nervous. "Seems a little slower than usual," he commented.
"Yeah, well, you can never tell with the weather. Sometimes people want to stay home after it snows."
Leroy nodded. "I suppose so."
"Anyway," Johnny said, "your biker buddies oughta be rolling in pretty soon. That should bring in a little more business."
Leroy rolled his eyes up, and stuffed his hands in his pockets; he looked tense, like an explosion waiting to happen. "They're not my buddies," he said, with an unnatural smile.
"Well why do you let them in here then?"
Leroy looked at him as if the answer were obvious, and to Johnny, it was. Would you go up to ten or more members of Friends of the Devil and tell them to leave because you don't want them in here? his face said. But he answered, "Oh, I don't care if they're in here, as long as they don't cause any trouble. And as you say, they do bring in business."
"That's the way to look at it, Leroy. And speaking of business, can we get a date from you for next month before we leave tonight?"
Leroy looked at him as if he had just remembered his wife's birthday was yesterday. "Oh, um, I'll tell you what. Why don't you give me a call in a few days? I have to check my schedule."
"Your schedule's in the office," Johnny said.
"Well, what I mean is, I have to check with some other bands first."
Johnny stared at him with a glare in his eye. This was a first. "Leroy, what's goin' on? You always give us our next date before we leave. What's the big deal? C'mon, save me a phone call."
"Well, uh, Johnny," he stammered, "I'd like to, but the fact is I don't know if we can afford to have you back."
Now Johnny was eyeing him incredulously. "Why not? We do good business here. Even 'the Friends' like us."
"Well yes, you fellas do all right, I suppose, at least as well as some of the other bands."
"Whatta you mean, at least as well?" Johnny's voice was raising. Boz was shifting nervously as he listened in.
 "Now don't get upset, Johnny. Look at this from a business point of view. Look at the facts. You fellas are good; I don't dispute that. But the fact is, you've never packed the place. The crowd is respectable, but it could be better. The fact is, all our other bands are local, and cheaper than you guys, and they've all been bringing in at least as many people as you do..." he paused, wondering if he should add that the "Friends" did not show up as often when the Manitou Rangers were not playing, and decided not to..."The fact is, we've been having some financial difficulties which need to be straightened out, so we're having to cut into our entertainment budget in order to help us out of the crunch, so to speak."
Johnny nodded glumly, knowing that this conversation was already ended. "Now this may not, and probably won't be a permanent situation," Leroy added, "and I want to emphasize that we are not displeased with the music..."
Johnny groaned silently. Leroy kept saying "we" as if there were a board of directors hiding behind the door waiting to see how he was handling the situation.
("Good job, Leroy...")
("You tell him, Leroy...")
("Don't give him an inch, Leroy...")
("Remember the budget, Leroy...")
"...We simply need to do some rearranging for now. Business is always a little slower this time of year. Next Spring, when the weather is warmer and business picks up, then let's talk again. I really don't like to let you guys go, but there's nothing we can do about it."
So that was it. Nothing we can do about it. Were there any other words in the English language that said so little and did so much to widen the chasm between corporation and the little man?...Except perhaps "I'm sorry that's just our policy..." And come to think of it, they both meant the same thing: I don't want to do anything about it. Johnny looked mildly disgusted, only because he was holding in his deeper feelings, one of which was a desire to punch Leroy in the glasses and start wrecking his bar, the second of which could easily happen with a few well chosen words to the right members of the Friends. But he simply let out a sigh of annoyance, as if it were a mere inconvenience and no more. "Okay, Leroy, if that's the way it's gotta be...I take it there won't be any problem getting paid before we leave...as usual?"
Leroy looked surprised. "Oh...of course not. No problem. Talk to Freddy after the show." He gave a quick wave and headed toward his office with his hands in his pockets.
"Shit and Shinola," Boz said in disgust.
"Hey... so what? This place isn't our livlihood."
"No, but they're paying us more than any other place we play."
Johnny nodded. This was true. "Don't worry, partner, we'll make it up. C'mon, let's get ready to play our last set. Tell Mose and Steve. I'll go see if I can tear Jake away from his lady love."
#
6

The Dance Floor

I love that boy

"Do you all live together?" Angie asked.
Jake swilled the last of his beer and signaled Freddy for another. "Oh God, no. We'd kill each other if we did. We used to, long time ago...Thanks Freddy...See, we've been together about ten years as a band. Mose the drummer has been with us for about a year."
"What happened to your other drummer?"
You mean what happened to all our other drummers. We've had many of them. They quit. See, a drummer's worst enemy is country music, and that's what we used to play, until we started rocking it up a bit. Drummers fall asleep on the stuff. What they want is something they can really sink their teeth into, like rock 'n roll. That's why we started rocking it up a bit. But country is still country, and a good drummer will always want to strut his stuff."
"Will Mose stay with you, you think?"
"Oh sure, as long as the money is good. But he'll leave eventually, when some rock band offers him more money.
"You really think so?"
"Hey, money talks, gorgeous. It's a cardinal rule of life. Hell, I'd even leave if somebody offered me more money."
Angie smiled and finished her beer. "I don't believe that." Jake called Freddy down again and ordered another for her. "You don't, huh?"
"Not from the way you talk about the others."
"Well, you're right, y'know. I wouldn't. I think I would. But I wouldn't. Years ago, in one of our many band incarnations, we had a drummer named Joseph Black Feather, a real honest to goodness Navajo Indian. I love that boy. I call him Blacky."
"Is he really a boy?"
"Yeah, he's pretty young, only eighteen or nineteen. Don't remember which. Maybe it's twelve. Anyway, he can't get in here. Unfortunately he was cursed with young looks. He doesn't have that mature older man look like I do."
"How unfortunate for him," she joked, taking a drink, "You still know him?"
"Oh yeah, sure. We're great friends. I hardly see him anymore because he's been in Arizona with his grandfather studying complicated Indian stuff like how to hold cigars with one hand. But years ago he was in the band, and he did alright as a drummer, but his real forte' was tom-toms. Now there are tom-toms on a normal set of drums, and he used to do wonders with them, but it wasn't until we got another drummer, and put Blacky on toms and tamborine, and some other stuff, and then the magic began to happen."
Angie was intrigued. "What kind of magic began to happen?"
Jake smiled as he thought of the good old days. "We'd get into a whole different style of playing. It was country all right; but it was Indian too. We'd go off on these long long instrumentals and drum solos, and the band would become so supercharged everybody was out of breath when we ended the song, kinda like we'd all been chanting some secret mantra and flying off to some other land. It's not easy to describe, but that's the way it was."
"What happened to the band?"
"It broke up for many reasons, but it all boiled down to personality conflicts. That's the main reason any band breaks up. See, Blacky liked playing back then, but he couldn't go out and gig too much because back then he was just a younger squirt than he is now, so most of our playing with him was in rehearsal time. We did manage a few gigs in places, none like this, mind you, but places where people could dance, and they would dance all right. Sometimes they'd get up and do Indian dances, as God is my witness! It was great!...Well anyway, the better we got to be as a band, the more places came up to play, and the more Blacky didn't want to go out and play."
"Because he couldn't get in?"
"Well, that wasn't really it. Some places were stricter than others. But sometimes we'd give him a moustache and make him wear a big broad brim hat with his hair sticking out from under it, and he'd actually look a few years older. Then when we walked in the door we'd all just crowd around him so's no one would notice."
"Then why didn't he want to play anymore?"
Jake shrugged. "He just wasn't into it for the money. See, Blacky doesn't really live here on earth."
"No?..."
"No, he's always had one foot up there and one down here. Money means nothing to him. He thinks he's a wizard now, a whattaya callit...a  sorcerer or something..."
"...A shaman..." Angie said suddenly. She winced slightly, as if it had pained her to say it. Why had she known that? There was a memory there, but the image was unclear...
"Yeah, that's it...a shaman. That's what he's studying with his grandfather now. Well back then he was just starting to study this stuff, see, and he and Johnny used to get into it all the time."
"What do you mean...They fought each other?"
"Oh no...Hell no. In an odd sort of way they always liked each other, or respected each other. No, I mean they just didn't get along. They were in two different bands; they were in two different worlds...They just didn't see eye to eye. So eventually it was pretty clear that Blacky had to go. But he didn't mind anyway, so it was cool."
"How did you feel about it?"
Oh, I hated to see him go. I was having fun doing what we were doing. Johnny never did care much for that Indian stuff, you know 'Hey-how-are-ya Hey-how-are-ya Hey-how-are-ya'..."
Angie looked at him oddly, and laughed through her nose.
"...But he went along with it for a while, 'cause that's Johnny. He'll try anything once to see if it'll work, and in the end, he didn't think it would. As for me, I liked it. But I wanted to gig and make some money; I wanted to play as many places as possible. Johnny and me always saw eye to eye on that one. So we made another band change...but everybody was happy, mostly."
"Mostly?"
"Yeah, the split was a little rough on Johnny and Blacky. They had a big argument one night just before it happened. Real philosophical stuff; it almost came down to knock down, drag out."
"Knock down...you mean fighting?"
"Yeah, I mean fists! Mind you, it almost came to that. But it didn't, and the reason it didn't had more to do with Blacky's attitude than Johnny's."
"So Johnny is a fighter?"
Jake drank a gulp of beer, thinking. "Well, let's just say he's not as patient as Blacky is about some things."
Angie nodded contemplatively, and Jake set his beer down. " Angie, I've been standing here doing all the talking, not that I mind that much, 'cause that's the way I am, but here I'm telling you all about people you don't even know, and I don't know zip about you. How come?"
She smiled at him. "You've answered your own question. You talk too much."
Jake let out a laugh, and Johnny came up suddenly and slapped a hand on his shoulder. "Time to play, partner," he said. "I suppose he's been boring you to tears with old band stories, Angie."
"No, not boring at all. Now I know all about you."
He gave her a smile. "That's what I mean. It's his favorite gimmick for meeting girls. None of it's true, not one word. This man is a liar." He began to nudge him toward the stage.
 "A liar?...," Jake protested, "Jesus Christ, now you see what you've done? My credibility with her is ruined!"
Angie touched his shoulder. "No it's not," she assured him.
"There, y'see?" Johnny said, "She still believes you. Now come on. We got one more set in this joint."
Jake stopped in his tracks and turned to Angie, touching her knee lightly. " Angie, it was nice talking with you."
"And you."
"Don't leave..."
She shrugged. "We'll see."
The Manitou Rangers took their places on stage, and within a minute's time they were playing "Amy." Couples began to flock to the dance floor. Angie was aware of someone coming up to her. "Excuse me, mam, would you like to dance?" She turned to glance at the person and saw a young man with a hopeful face, practically a boy, wearing a wide brimmed brown hat with a feather in it; the hat looked new, as if it had been purchased on the way to the bar. His brown cowboy boots also looked new, unbroken, and very uncomfortable. But the boy was not drunk, leering, or obnoxious. "Sure," she said, "I'd love to dance." She let him lead her out to the floor and they went right into a two step with all the other couples. Angie had thought the boy would be an awkward leader, but he was very practiced and smooth. Dancing with him was very easy.
She glanced at the members of the band whenever they promenaded past the bandstand, particularly at Jake, who was eyeing her with a brilliant grin and a gleam in his eye as he sang and played. She noticed that Johnny, also, kept his eyes on her, smiling every now and then. She smiled back at them.
She heard a faint commotion to the rear of the room, and the roar of motorcycles outside the building, pulling up to the curb. From the sound of the engines, there could have been anywhere from ten to fifty of them. "They're here," her partner said. "Who?" she returned. The boy nodded toward the door. "The Friends of the Devil, a biker gang. They like this band."
Angie saw several of them enter the room, at least fifteen of them, maybe more. Most were men, and all were dressed in leather and jeans. Some immediately drifted to the pool tables, some went to the bar, and a few went to dance.
There was a tall one standing at the bar where she had been sitting, a dark looking unattractive man, heavy, muscular, with long black hair to his shoulders, and a bushy moustache. He made the bar look small.
He was watching her, and it made her shiver, but in spite of herself, she could not keep her eyes off him. A knot welled up in her stomach apprehensively. He stood there leaning against the bar, calmly drinking a beer, his tall commanding presence creating a wide berth around him, as others slowly made excuses to move over or find new places to stand. There was a slight grin on his face, and she could feel his eyes undressing her even without looking at him. But it was difficult not to look at him, and she knew it was as difficult for him not to leer at her. He was waiting, simply waiting for the dance to end. She closed her eyes, hoping that she was wrong, knowing that she wasn't. When she opened them again, she let out a silent gasp, seeing now that she had not been wrong, and a feeling of despair seeped into her like a slow leak in a basement wall. She saw the darkness now, enveloping him, standing like a shadow in back of him, though he himself was unaware of it. A black aura, pointing to him as if it were a beacon, as surely as a deep red blazing neon sign on a dark lonely road saying "Eat." She felt a wet sensation in her loins, and a slightly uncomfortable itch.
The song ended, and she said, "Thanks for the dance," and stood there. The boy nodded back. "My pleasure, mam," he said, and he stood there also, thinking that he was going to have another dance with her. But before he had a chance to congratulate himself on his good fortune, he saw a look in her eye that was different somehow than the look he had seen before. He had no idea what the difference was, except that the look was distant, as if she had suddenly decided she hadn't enjoyed dancing with him after all. Later he would recall that the look was cold, and vacant; it had made him afraid. In spite of her look, however, he felt pleased with himself, content with the chance to dance with a very pretty woman. He tipped his hat and with some awkwardness walked away to find another partner. She stood there watching him go, and then turned to face the man at the bar as the band began another song. The man read the signal, took one sip of his beer and set it down. Then he made his way through the promenading couples, which was easy for him. A space seemed to naturally open up around him.
He came up to her and stopped easily in front of her. "Wanna dance," he said. It was not a question. He did not wait for an answer, and she gave him none. She opened her arms to him and let him lead her.
He thought that her hands felt as cold as snow. It took him by surprise, but he did not mind. He knew it would be warm where it really counted.
Up on stage, Jake had watched Angie being led and whirled around the floor by the young boy, and he had watched them with pleasure. The young cowboy had been good, and he was pleased to see that Angie knew the steps just as well. But when the dance ended, and the Friends had come in, a strange look had come over her. He felt certain that they would dance again, but they didn't. The young boy had left her with a confused look on his face, and then Jake suddenly realized that Johnny had already counted off the next song, and he'd been late in the start. He saw Johnny give him a screwed up look and he shrugged back at him to say  "Sorry..." When he looked at Angie again, she was dancing with the tall dude whose name was Herc. Jake felt a stab of jealousy when he saw them. He hadn't felt that way about the younger guy, who was infinitely better looking. But he knew he liked Angie, and hoped for a chance to know her better. It occurred to him that maybe they knew each other, but he didn't think so. She was not smiling at him; she wasn't even looking at him. And Herc was no dancer. Their movements were labored, and awkward. Jake felt certain that they did not know each other.
They danced another song, and then another, saying only a few words now and then, and then went to the bar to finish their drinks. Angie looked as if she were stuck with a blind date and helpless to do anything about it.
Jake was annoyed by this, and he knew it was affecting his playing. But it was time to concentrate on the business at hand. Let Angie dance with whoever she wants, he thought; you just met her. She's not your girl...it'd be nice if she was, but she's not...
...She's not his either...I've seen Herc with five different women, and she doesn't fit the bill...
...How do you know...you don't know her that well...
...No, I don't know her hardly at all...but I know her well enough to know I want her...
...And enough to know she doesn't want him...
...Yeah? If she doesn't want him, then why is she with him?...
For a brief moment, Jake watched her sadly and allowed himself to wallow with his heart in his stomach. In the same instant, she glanced his way and gave him a faint smile, and he saw her eyes light up briefly...and then die out, all too quickly...
...You tell me and we'll both know, Jakey boy...
He shook off the feeling and got back into the music, and was starting to feel better. A solo came his way, a long one, and he poured himself into it, playing pedal steel as country as country gets. He closed his eyes and was lost in the sound. It seemed like he played forever, and that the song lasted for the rest of the evening. He heard thunderous applause and high whistles when he'd finished his solo, and the sensation was thrilling; it was high; it was sheer ecstasy...
He had been playing it for her...
When the song ended, and the applause continued, Jake opened his eyes. He was breathing hard. He looked toward Angie to give her a wink and a smile.
But Angie was gone.
He blinked, and looked around the bar. Everyone was still clapping, and the bright stage lights made it difficult to see. But she was gone all right; and so was Herc.
Jake sighed and sat back in his chair. He heard Johnny call out his name to the crowd. He waved his hand blankly, and stared at the empty spot where she had been sitting and talking with him.
So long, gorgeous, he thought, thanks for the memories.
He was certain he would never see her again.
#

7

Friends of the Devil

Youre In My Lair Now

Angie straddled the back of the Harley-Davidson and clung to Herc tightly. She was not used to being on a motorcycle, and her thighs were beginning to hurt from squeezing. The air was cold, but fortunately for her, Herc's chest was effectively blocking the wind as they rode down the street. She leaned her head against his back and cast her eyes downward and watched the wet slushy road rushing by. The sound of the engine was deafening to her. She did not like it. 
But Herc loved it. He loved the sound of the engine, the feel of the leather seat and the warm tank between his legs, the air whipping against his face, the feel of a woman's thighs nestled around his waist. It didn't matter to him if the air was cold or warm. The feeling was all the same to him. His juices were running. His only regret at the moment was that he couldn't really pour it on because of the slick streets. Sometimes he felt he should've stayed in Georgia instead of settling in Colorado.
They were on the south side of town now. Angie stared into the inky blackness beyond the lights to the east of them, which was where the city stopped and the plains began. She could see several dwellings from her vantage point, each one discernible in some way by a street lamp, or a front door light, or some light from inside the house. Some of the houses and buildings, though lit up, looked strangely cold and abandoned. All those people think they are so safe under those roofs, she thought. If they only knew how vulnerable they really are...  
They turned up a dark dead end street. There were only a few small houses on this isolated block, and none of them seemed well kept. Beyond the houses was a vast field. In the darkness it looked immense; the visual effect on Angie was eerie, unsettling. The neighborhood seemed cut off from the rest of the city, as if it had been intentionally abandoned.
Herc turned off the engine and rocked the motorcycle back onto its kickstand. Angie got up off her seat. "Here we are, sugarpeach," Herc said, "End of the line." He got off and pointed to his house and two others next to it. "This is where all the brothers meet," he said, "Most of 'em live in these three houses." He said this with pride in his voice, intending that she should be impressed by this, and feel honored to be here.
But she was not impressed, not in the least. She felt quite repulsed. She was on the dark side of town, and she knew it. She also knew that, for the moment, there was little she could do about it. She stood there with her arms folded against the cold, staring at the darkened structures. She offered no comment, other than "I'm cold."
Herc led the way to the front door and opened it into a dark living room that smelled musty, and faintly like cat piss and dog shit. "We'll take care o' that right away, sugarpeach," he said with a grin under his thick mustache. He flicked a light switch, and a lone ceiling bulb came on, casting a pale unreal glow. The furniture was old and tired-looking; the dull white painted walls looked dirty and forsaken. Herc threw his jacket in the corner and sat down on a floppy-looking couch and grabbed a cigar box. Inside the box was a baggie, probably pot, and some papers and other articles, and what looked like a syringe. "There's a whiskey bottle on the kitchen table," he said, "Go get it." He sifted through the contents on the cigar box and pulled out a rubber cord.
Angie clenched her teeth somewhat at his commanding tone of voice. "Is that a request or an order?" she remarked with intended sarcasm. 
Herc looked up at her with a grin on his face. His expression looked amused, but she felt what it was really saying to her was That's right, bitch! You're in my lair now. You know what that means?...You're mine! But what he said was "Y'all want some whiskey or not?"
She was not amused. "No...Got any beer?"
She stood there looking like she wanted to rip him apart, and he loved it. She was a fox all right. A sexy sassy little thing. This was gonna be like takin' candy from a baby. "Sure do, Georgia Peach," he said, still amused with her defiant tone, "in the fridge, where it usually is. Help yourself. Only...bring the whiskey too, right?" He strapped the cord around his arm and tightened one end with his teeth.
She opened the fridge and grabbed a Coors beer, then looked around for a moment to give him time to shoot up so she wouldn't have to watch. Asshole...
She opened the beer and took a sip. It was cold, but it didn't taste good to her. In fact, she was starting to feel queasy in her gut, nervous. She wanted to leave, just get out of here, go anywhere, do anything except stay with this creepy drug addict.
She looked around the kitchen. The wall had old yellow striped wall paper. Once it might have looked halfway attractive, but now it was urine colored, like someone had really let go one night and pissed all over the walls. The floors were uneven also, and some of the gray tiles were coming up.
The nervous feeling was stronger now. Maybe I'm wrong, she thought. Maybe I can just leave. Maybe I can mindset him and leave, find somebody else who's not a scumbag. 
She suddenly realized her hands were shaking. She almost spilled some beer, and clutched her arms to herself in horror. She turned to look at Herc, who was slightly bent over as he shot up, and with renewed horror she saw the hovering dark aura surrounding him like a shroud, and she knew she could not leave. Even if she did, she would not get far before she came crawling back, literally crawling back...
Herc looked up at her, and something in her expression disturbed him. He figured it was the sight of him shooting up at first, but there was something more than that. There was something about her, deep within her that suddenly seemed a little bit...well, weird. What was that look he just saw? There was something scary about that look in her eyes just then, something...hungry.
But as soon as he had the thought, he dismissed it. There were more important things to do right now. He pulled the needle out. "Hey, how about bringin' the fuckin' whiskey over here instead of just fuckin' standin' around?" he said angrily. He reached back into the cigar box and began to roll a joint. When he noticed she hadn't moved, but only continued to stare at him (or was it above him?), he added in a wimpy sarcastic voice, "Maybe Daddy's wittle girl would wike to go home and go sweepy pie now?"
He had expected her to cringe at this, maybe cry, maybe yell, maybe even try to leave, in which case he would have blocked the door and thrown her on the couch, which would be most exciting of all. But she did none of these. She merely stood there looking at him (Or was it above him? What the fuck was she looking at?). She looked...weird, and kinda pale. Suddenly he thought she didn't look so good. "Hey, Georgia Peach, maybe you need some of this pot here, huh? You don't look so hot."
She said something then, something like "I need..." He squinted at her. "What'd you say? Speak up, girl, don't be shy, I ain't gonna bite ya."
Suddenly her eyes got bigger, and she began to gasp for air. She looked straight at him, an imploring look which frightened him. "Holy shit, girl! What the fuck is wrong with you? Just gimme the damn whiskey and relax, why doncha?"
She threw the bottle at him. "Hey!" he yelled. He caught the bottle just in time, before it smashed into the bone right next to his left eye, but he had to drop the doobie he was rolling. Pot went all over the couch and into the raggedy carpet. Fuck! he thought, I'm gonna kick your ass, woman! Who the fuck...
She leaped on him and kissed him, forcing his mouth open with her tongue. He was taken by surprise and they both went down on the couch. She drove her tongue further into his mouth, so far he couldn't breath, or so it seemed to him. She pulled away for a moment, panting in frustration. There was a look in her eyes that made him shiver, as if she was looking right through him, as if he weren't even there. She was saying, almost in a whisper, "Give it to me...give it to me...give it to me...give it to me..."
Herc's mouth dropped open in complete surprise. Oddly enough, he wasn't sure if he wanted to take her up on this now. She was acting a bit too weird. But then, he couldn't back out of this. What would the boys say if they found out?..."Sure, baby, okay, only relax, huh? The world ain't gonna..." But before he could finish, she was on top of him, unbuckling his pants.
She's an animal, he thought while they were screwing, she's a fucking animal!...
When he came, it was almost unbearable. No one had ever excited him this much, or made him come so intensely. He moaned and then screamed, and some of the time he wasn't sure if it was in pleasure or pain. Afterwards, he felt he was good and relaxed (at least he thought he was). But he felt a bit (drained...) weak, and so (fuckin' dead, man...) tired. Maybe it was the junk. Maybe the junk was bad; but he never had these kind of side effects on the stuff before. God, she must have fucked the shit out of him! Momma's little girl was Daddy's little baby, all right!
His eyelids closed heavily, and he didn't think he could even open them up if he wanted to...(so fuckin' tired, man...)
Next to him, Angie smoked a cigarette and stared into the darkness, sadly, but feeling more rejuvenated now. 
You're a flaming asshole, Herc, she thought. I only hope you don't take as long to die as Bobby did...
Bobby had been a hearty man. He had taken a long time, longer than any of the others. What was it? Three months? She tried to remember how many others there had been, but now she could only recall the last few. The one before Bobby had been...Mark, on the western slope of the Rockies. He had taken only one month. And the one before him was...she couldn't remember his name but he was from further south, the four corners area, and he had been a weakling. He had expired in one week. Before him...
She got up and looked out the window into the blackness of night, and felt the familiar trepidation. I don't know, she thought. I don't know how many there have been, or why all this is happening. Some things seem to come naturally to me, like remembering the crow. But when I try to remember other things, when I try to force myself to think, there is too much pain; everything hurts. When I try to write anything down my hands shake, and I throw the paper away...
She suddenly realized she was naked, and put her clothes back on, then sat and smoked another cigarette and recalled a face. Yes, she thought, a face. I remember a face, but whose face? Is it someone I know, or someone I'd rather not know? Someone I left? Or someone I'm looking for? It did not seem to be the face of a former lover, someone who had passed away. This face seemed different. It was a shadow, yet real in the sense that it was watching her every move, waiting for her to do something. But what?
She shook her head, as if she might clear up the muddiness of her brain. She thought, I sense that I'm getting closer. Somehow I'm getting closer...but to what?
She thought of the band she had heard earlier, and smiled when she thought of them, and suddenly Jake's face was there in her mind, smiling at her, and it felt good. It felt real good. He had been nice. She would have preferred to stay with him. And yet...she tried to peer into the dark, to force her mental powers to stretch...Somehow, even though he was gone and might never again enter her life, there was a link with him, and his friends. Suddenly she saw something like brightness, and then it was gone. "Damn!" she said to herself, "Concentrate..." She forced herself once again, as she had many times before, to return to that place where she might sense what was going to happen. She had been there before, once or twice maybe?...it seemed an incredibly long time ago...and now she tried to summon it again.
And then she saw something! What was it she had just seen? It had been there, and then had gone so quickly that it seemed that it was not there at all. It had been an image of someone...Had it been Jake?...She saw a face, and then another face behind it, but then something (Jake?) got in the way...
She had to stop and close her eyes for a moment. The image was gone...but there had been an image there! She had summoned it, and this time it came! That was a good sign.
She glanced at the sleeping snoring Herc, and felt a sense of loathing. He looked weaker and thinner already. It means that maybe all is not confusion, she thought. Maybe there's a method to all the madness.   
She curled herself up in a chair and managed to sleep the rest of the night away. At one point she awoke to the sounds of motorcycles returning from the bars and city wilderness. There was some brief whooping and hollering, but no one came into their house, though she heard someone yell Herc's name. They went into the other houses, and if Herc heard his name being called, he gave no indication.
Herc was dead to the world.
#

8

SugarPeach

I Was Real Good Last Night

She awoke with the sun in her eyes. It was blazing in through the front window next to her. "Hmm," she moaned to herself dreamily. For a moment she had forgotten where she was. The sunlight felt warm and good on her face. She recalled the vision of brightness she had seen during the night, and had forgotten that she was in some hole in the wall in Pueblo, Colorado.
Herc came out of the bathroom, a blunt reminder to her. His shirt was off. He was as hairy as a monkey. He nodded to her, giving her a slight grin. "Mornin' sugarpeach," he said.
She stretched. "Morning..." she mumbled indifferently.
"How'dja sleep."
"Fine. I slept fine."
He nodded. He looked a little embarrassed. He said "There's some coffee in the kitchen. Don't know if it's any good or not, but it's there."
She nodded, managing a slight smile. "Thanks." He came over to her chair and knelt down. He put his hand on her leg and grinned at her. "Sorry about last night," he said, "I get a little rough when I'm drunk, but I don't mean nothin'. You were good last night. I wanna tell ya..." She said nothing. He leaned over and kissed her on the mouth. She was complacent about it. He gave her another grin and a pat on the leg when he was finished. He stood up and suddenly felt dizzy. He stepped backward and almost fell over, catching himself just in time by flinging his hand against the wall. His eyes looked very confused. "Fuck!" he said to himself, "I feel like shit today. I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me..." He steadied himself.
Angie watched him silently. I do, she thought, I know exactly what the fuck is wrong with you, Herc. You're right. I was real good last night. I'm getting better at it all the time. You're dying, you asshole, and there's not one thing you can do about it now. You've sprung a leak, and the air's running out...out of you and into me...  
And unfortunately for me, she thought, I can't leave you until you're bone dry...'til death do us part, Herc. Congratulations, you dog. You woke up married to death...
 Herc rubbed his face with his hands in an effort to wipe away his dizzy feeling, then put a shirt on. Angie went into the kitchen and helped herself to coffee. 
The front door opened, and a tall skinny man walked in, with a shorter woman behind him. "Hey man, let's get goin you fuck...!" he said, almost in a shout. When he saw Angie he caught himself with a grin. "Hey, sweetheart, how's it goin'? I seen you at the bar."
Angie nodded. Herc waved to her. "This here's, uh, Angie. This is Smitty."
"Hi Smitty," Angie said. The girl in back of him looked very young, and very pale. "Is that your friend?" Angie said with a hint of sarcasm, "or your daughter?"
Smitty laughed, revealing a couple of missing front teeth. He looked about forty. He had long blondish/gray hair, and wore a scraggly beard which was almost all gray. He seemed good natured, unlike Herc. "This is Twilight!" he said with pride, "she's my girl...Hell, sometimes she everybody's girl!" He laughed again, enjoying his own joke. 
Twilight stepped around him, almost bashfully, slapping him on the butt as she did so. She wore a bright flowered dress underneath a black leather jacket which was several sizes too big for her. She smiled at Angie and wiped her brown frizzy hair back from her face as she reached to shake hands. "Hi, how's it goin', Angie? You guys doin' okay today?"
"Yeah, just fine," Angie said. 
Smitty noticed that Herc had not joined in on his joke. That was unlike him. He also noticed that Herc was looking a little thinner than usual, and pale..."How 'bout you, ugly?" he said, "What rat bit your ass this mornin?"
"Fuck you, asshole," Herc replied. Smitty laughed it off, and Herc looked at Angie and said "Gimme some coffee."
Angie still had half a cup left, and now Herc's remark, his order, lit off a powderkeg inside her. "Sure thing...Georgia peach...!" She tossed the cup at him, spilling hot liquid on his shirt. "Hey!" he yelled, jumping back against the wall with a thud. Smitty laughed and clapped his hands together. "Awright! The Herc finally meets his match!" The cup shattered when it hit the floor. Herc glared at Angie, then said "You bitchin'..." He started for her, but Smitty stood in his way. "Now, now, hold on there Mr. Georgia Peach," he laughed. Herc tried to get around him, but Smitty, half his size in bulk, gave him a shove, and Herc went flying backward against the wall again. The force of the shove completely surprised both of them. Fuckin' A, Smitty thought, I didn't push him that hard. "Hey, you okay there, dude?" he asked.
Herc righted himself, feeling shamed that a man half his size could bowl him over so easily. Normally he could take a guy like Smitty and use him for a basketball. "I'm fine," he said angrily, "except I feel like shit this morning."
"I didn't mean to hit you so hard," Smitty said.
Herc glared at him. "You didn't hit me hard, man. I feel fuckin' dizzy this mornin', that's all."
Smitty nodded. "Okay, dude, okay. Let's get goin', huh?"
"Right," Herc said. He looked at Angie, who was staring at him sullenly, defiantly. For the moment, Herc suddenly decided, he would give in. "Sorry," he said. "I've got a short fuse."
"Yeah, I've noticed," Angie said.
"Look, uh, I got some business to take care of with the boys. You need a ride somewhere?"
"Yeah, I could use a ride back to town."
"Hey, I'll take you," Twilight said, "These boys have to cruise, and you don't look ready. I got a car."
Herc nodded. "Fine with me."
"Okay," Angie said.
"Great! Settled!" Smitty said, "Let's blow, man, huh?" He swatted Twilight on the butt, winked at Angie, said "see ya" and was out the door. Herc followed him, but stopped at the door, and looked at Angie again. "Uh...I'll see you around."
She nodded. "Never can tell," she said. Herc nodded and left.
Twilight sat down and began picking up the pieces of cup. "I'll get this," she said, "Have another cup of coffee. I think there's another cup around here somewhere...Like maybe under the couch?..." She laughed, looking through the cupboards and found one. "Here we go!" She poured some coffee and handed it to Angie. "Thanks," Angie said. "You want some?"
Twilight shook her head. "I think Herc likes you," she commented, with a hint of surprise in her tone. She was looking at Angie, staring really, staring right inside her. Angie could feel her gaze penetrating her as she sipped the strong bitter coffee. She did not mind so much; she sensed that Twilight was not doing it to be rude. She felt she was simply curious about her. "You like Herc?" Twilight asked. Angie noticed her lips when she said this. They were naturally red, full, sensual lips. Men liked lips like hers. She also noticed that her skin was fair and smooth, flawlessly smooth like a baby's. For that matter, Angie thought, she practically was still a baby. She probably hadn't been out of the crib that long. She said, "No...I think he's an asshole."
"Yeah, so do I...But he's okay, I guess, once you get to know him. He just likes to feel like King Shit, you know what I mean?"
Angie nodded. "That's exactly what he is."
Twilight laughed at this; Angie smiled. "Why'd you go home with him?" Twilight said, "You don't seem like his type." 
Angie shrugged. "What is his type?"
"Hmm, what do you think?"
Angie did not have to ponder this. She already knew. "Sex slave..."
Twilight grinned. "You got it, baby. Sex slave, nice and submissive. The submissiver the better." She giggled, then asked, "Did he tie you up?" Her voice was high pitched. "No," Angie said, grinning back at her, "he didn't."
"Don't let him."
"Why?" (Because he'll beat you, that's why...)
"Because he'll beat you, that's why."
"How do you know? Have you slept with him?"
Twilight giggled in answer...(hung like a horse...)
"What makes you think I'd even consider sleeping with him again anyway?" Angie asked. 
Again Twilight only giggled in answer...(Because Herc is hung like a horse, that's why...) Angie giggled along with her, sensing the implied answer... 
A minute later there was a horrendous roar of motorcycle engines revving up. The two girls watched through the kitchen window as some of the boys spun their bikes round and round in the street, trying to splash walls of slush on each other, and laughing as they scored hits. 
"Sometimes men act like such children," Twilight said, "but I love it when they do...You can really get them to do anything you want when you learn how to use them."
Angie regarded her curiously, and reflected on this odd statement. She watched the boys again, saw the club colors proudly displayed on the faded denim jackets they each wore, basically a logo of a red devil head, and "Friends of the Devil" encircling the logo. She noticed Herc was laughing too. He wasn't too bad looking when he smiled, she thought. He was mounting his bike, but it seemed he was exerting all of his energy to keep his Harley-Davidson balanced. When he was on, he looked back toward the house, and their eyes met. Only now it was her expression that was saying That's right, you bastard...You're in my lair now. Know what that means?... 
Herc's expression looked worried about something.
Though Angie didn't know it, Twilight was thinking the same thing about Herc.
Moments later, engines screaming, the Friends all took off down the street. It was some time before the sounds of the motorcycles faded in the distance.

#

9

Twilight 

Psychic Sisters

As Angie and Twilight cruised down the slushy streets of Pueblo in Twilight's green VW bug (which was covered with decals of daisies and sunflowers...Angie had smiled at that), Angie began to feel weak from hunger. She realized she had not had anything to eat in the last forty eight hours, and she practically begged Twilight to pull into a Denny's parking lot. But Twilight needed little prodding. She was also hungry.
So they sat in the restaurant for two hours after their meal, drinking coffee and smoking cigarettes...
Twilight laughed. "Smitty likes the Grand Slam breakfast. Then he always says time to go sit on the shitter for the Grand Slam Dunk..." Angie grinned at this. She looked out the windows at the wet winter world.
...Watching the warming air melt the snow on the streets and sidewalks...As Twilight talked, seemingly non-stop, only half of Angie's attention was listening. The other half watched the passing cars spraying up slush and water off the wet streets. Here the snow was melting, but in other areas of Colorado, like Mayfield, it might still be snowing. But she doubted it.
Had somebody found Bobby yet?
Would someone be coming after her this time?...
Twilight rambled on in her dreamy sing song voice, pleasant enough to listen to, about some of the other members of the Friends of the Devil. ("No newcomers need apply..."). Of all of them only Smitty and Hard Rock Jones ran a respectable business. They were mechanics at a local garage owned by a fellow named Johnny Fuller, who used to run with the club. Naturally, the garage specialized in motorcycle repairs, specifically Harley Davidsons.
The rest of the club members made their living collectively in dirty business...drugs, weapons, policing, and enforcement. Always outside the law; always just within the law. Always steering clear of the law...and the local police did their best to steer clear of them.
"You're right about Herc, you know," Twilight said.
"What about Herc?"
"He is an asshole." She took a cigarette and blew smoke rings. "Us girls call him Herc the Jerk." She laughed, more of a giggle than a laugh. It sounded like a strange bird call. "Not to his face of course. Nobody would ever say that to his face unless he wanted his chin ripped off. Even a chick would get her nose busted for it, you know what I mean?...But in a way it's not his fault. He's had a very hard life; he's very misunderstood..." 
Angie nodded, but said nothing. She didn't care how hard his life had been. Thanks to her, from now on his life was going to get much harder. She felt an inkling of guilt, but dismissed it. There was nothing she could do about it except be content that it was happening to a jerk, and that he probably deserved it...
"Y'know," Twilight said, "I don't wanna scare you away from him or anything, but rumor has it that he's on the lam from the heat."
"The police?"
Twilight nodded. "Back in Georgia, where he used to live."
A fugitive? Angie thought. We actually have something in common... "What did he do?"
"Supposedly he killed his own father."
Angie felt a gasp escape from her lips. "What?...Is that true?" she asked, not disguising a breathless tone in her voice. Twilight shrugged. "Who knows? Smitty told me that. I never asked Herc about it, and I never will. Nobody will. Some things you just don't even mention to him."
Angie contemplated this, then reached for a cigarette and lit it.
"There are two definite things I can tell you about Herc," Twilight said, "One is that he's a good man to have on your side when you're in a tight corner."  
Angie nodded, remembering his awesome presence when he had first approached her at the bar, how the waves of people had parted to make room for him, like Moses and the Red Sea. "What's the other?" she asked.
Twilight gave her a confidential grin. "The other is that you'll never catch me alone with him."
Angie grinned back at her. "I can understand that..."
"Are you gonna see him again?" Twilight asked in typical teen age fashion, reminding Angie that Twilight was still practically a kid.
"Yes, I'm going to see him again," she answered simply.
Twilight nodded, and gave her a look bordering on skepticism, as if she didn't believe it. "You don't think so?" Angie asked, "or you don't think I should..."
"Well, let's just say you got two strikes against you, okay? I think Herc kinda likes your body and all, but throwing your coffee on him probably didn't do wonders for his ego, you know? He's not exactly used to having women tell him to fuck off..." She laughed and smoked her cigarette. "For that matter, none of those guys are," she said, "I guess in that way they're all a bunch of jerks." 
Why are you with these guys? Angie thought.
I got my reasons, you know? Twilight thought. 
There was a sudden, momentary pause, a very pregnant pause, in which Twilight and Angie stared at each other uncomprehendingly, as if one of them had just told a joke and the other didn't get it...
Twilight blinked to resume her train of thought and said, exhaling as she looked out the window, "Look, all I mean is that if you keep on seeing Herc, he's gonna get back at you for that...You know what I mean? He doesn't take shit from anyone."
She looked into Angie's eyes, and Angie felt the intensity of that imploring stare. (Get out! Go away! Go while you still can!...)
Angie stared at Twilight, whose expression was almost pleading.
(and take me with you...) 
Angie felt a sharp pain behind her eyes. She reacted with an astonished gasp, and tried to contain it, but it could not be contained. The pain was burning her brain...it was like fire! There was a fire suddenly raging inside her head! She felt her mouth drop open in surprise.
(...He killed his own father...set him on fire with gasoline! I know he did it! There's nothing he wouldn't do to you...)
"I believe he really did kill his father," Twilight said in hushed tones, looking around in case Herc should be eavesdropping in the next booth. "Hey, are you okay?"
Angie nodded. The feeling quickly passed. "Do you know any of the circumstances?" she asked, somewhat shaken.
Twilight looked down. "No, not really..." she said, but her expression suddenly lost its little girl puppy love look, and briefly took on tight grim lines as she smoked. Angie suddenly felt that she did know.
(...If you ever tell anyone, motherfucker, I'll kill you, understand? I love you, but I'll kill you!...)
Angie felt sweat dripping down her sides. Maybe she was sweating on her forehead too. She didn't know. She felt herself swimming, even though she sat firmly on the bright orange vinyl seat. She was looking at Twilight talking to her, and from her expression she knew she must be looking halfway normal to her. But mixed in with this was another image, like a double exposed photograph, a picture from her mind. The image was a woman, lying on a dirty wooden floor. She was quite dead. A piece of bloody linen lay over her face. One of her arms was in an unnatural position, as if the shoulder had been torn from its socket...
...A man is kneeling next to her...No, a boy, really, maybe fifteen or so, big for his age...Herc...He's crying...crying for her...his mother...
("If you ever tell anyone, motherfucker...")
(...His father killed her! Then he burned his father! Oh God, the most horrible picture I've ever seen in my life, in my short sweet seventeen years of life, and I should know, because I've seen a lot of bad things happen, so many bad things, not to me. No, not to me. To others. I've seen them in my mind, I see them all the time...that's why they call me Twilight, like Twilight Zone, you know?...DOO DOO DOO DOO, DOO DOO DOO DOO...)
"Jesus!" Angie said softly to herself, staring at Twilight.  
"What's the matter?..." Twilight said, looking at Angie peculiarly.
...His father was shaking his arm, hard...He was doing the same thing he'd done to his mother, but Herc's arm was strong enough to take it...Jesus! His father was strong!...He was hissing angrily at him, "If you ever tell anyone, motherfucker, if you ever tell anyone I did it, I'll kill you, you dig me, boy? I'll set your ass on fire again like I did before when I caught you playin' with matches. Only this time I won't put it out! When I come back we'll cut her up and bury her. For now you wait here and don't do a damn thing, you wait right here. You dig?"...He slapped him a good one to make sure he did, and the boy sobbed yes, he did dig...
"Oh my God," Angie said quietly, feeling a tear run down her cheek. For the moment, she could no longer see Twilight...
...She could see only the boy, the young teen age boy in a man's body, who could have probably wrapped his father into a ball if he'd had a mind to, though his father was also a big man. He could probably have wrestled him to the ground, tied him up...He could easily have bludgeoned him, clubbed him to death with a bat, or a cast iron frying pan, or any number of things...(the boy's thoughts? Angie wondered, or her own?)...He could probably have wrapped his hands around his father's throat and squeezed until his father's face turned red, then purple, then lifeless...For that matter he could have burned his father's ass off, with gasoline, just like the old man had done to him...Yeah, that would've been the thing to do...There were many things he could have done to save his mother...But now it was too late to save her, because he'd been a chicken shit, because he'd cowered in the corner while the old man beat her, and beat her...
...But maybe it wasn't too late to get revenge...
Another tear trickled down her cheek. Now Twilight was silently staring at her. Angie's eyes were looking at her, right into her eyes, and it was creepy...No, they were looking through her. "Angie?...What's going on?..." she said. But Angie didn't hear her.
...They were on a farm in Georgia...It was dark out, almost completely black...Headlights!...The pickup...He was coming back!...He was coming back to cut her up and bury her!...And he would force him to help, unless he stopped him now...
He was hiding around the side of the house, and holding a bucket filled with gas. He heard the squeak of the old Ford's brakes, and the rusty door hinges creaked open. He left the door open, and now he could hear the old man getting out and walking toward the house...
Herc was swinging the bucket slightly, testing the weight so he wouldn't slosh it all over the place and botch the job...He had cowered in the corner while his bastard of a father beat his mother to a bloody pulp, but he wouldn't botch up this job, no sir, no way...Motherfucker, I'm ready for you...
Angie gasped. He'd done it!...
He'd done it, all right.
He took him completely by surprise. In a split second he heaved the bucket and drenched him with the gas. His old man sputtered some of the gas from his mouth, and actually had laughed at first, thinking it was a joke...But then Herc struck the match, and the old man's eyes became as big as balloons. Herc tossed the match at him, as easily as he had tossed rocks into the river a thousand times just to watch the ripples...His father exploded into flames. He screamed like a madman and flailed his arms, running around the yard just like the piglets run when you try to catch them, darting this way and that way with no pattern at all...Except piglets didn't trip over hoses and buckets, or run into walls, because they didn't have anything blinding their vision, like fire and melting eyeballs...
When the old man tripped and fell he thrashed on the ground wildly, screaming all the while. Herc covered his ears to deafen the noise, but he could not take his eyes off his burning father...He started to cry...He was killing his father! He was murdering him! Murder! That's what this was! This was the worst thing a person could do! This was the worst!...Parent killers were locked up for good. They were judged crazy and locked up...What have you done, boy? What have you done, you crazy motherfucker?...
Angie was riveted. Twilight was no longer in her field of view. She saw only horror in Herc's eyes as he realized that his father was not quite dead yet...
He was still alive! There was still hope. They wouldn't lock him up for this now. They'd send him to a juvenile home for a while, then let him go. And his father would probably be crippled for the rest of his life. Would that be so bad?...
The fire was out. Now there was only a blackened outline of a body, a body which was still alive and moaning, and crawling toward Herc. He stepped back, just out of reach of his hands. He was transfixed by this gruesome sight, like a fly in a spider web. The old man still had plenty of strength left. Perhaps he should douse him again?...Or let him live?...He reached down to grab the bucket, and his father's hands lunged and grabbed his arm. Pain shot through Herc's arm. He struggled to back away, but the old man's grip was unbelievably strong. The pain was unbearable. The old man meant to break his arm if he could. There was only one thing to do. Herc raised the metal bucket and brought it down on the old man's skull, then again, and again...
Angie yelped as if she had been hurt. Twilight grabbed her hands. Angie was crying silent tears, but her expression was cold and blank. "Angie, are you okay?"
Angie was suddenly back into the present. She nodded. "I'm okay."
Twilight was shaking. Her expression was frightened. "Are you all right?" Angie asked her. Twilight shrugged her shoulders. She looked like a small child awakened from a terrible nightmare. "You know," she said, "I felt you in my mind. You know what happened now, just the way I knew when Smitty told me."
"I was there!"
"So was I! It's the same thing that happened to me."
"The fire didn't kill his father..."
"...So he hit him with a bucket."
"Yes!..."Angie said, hardly believing it.
Twilight stared with a kind of perverse pleasure and rubbed Angie's hands. "Wow, this is really strange," she said, "We're like a couple of psychic sisters, you and me."
Angie nodded. "I guess we are," she said.
"You know what?" 
"What?"
"Smitty told me about Herc setting his father on fire, but I wasn't going to tell you. Like it wasn't really any of your business, you know? But Smitty never told me about Herc icing his old man with the bucket. Just now I found that out, when we did whatever it was we were doing...you know what I'm saying?"
Angie nodded. She knew. 
They had both stepped back twenty years in time...and witnessed a murder. 

#
10 

Angies Nightmare

She had seen it before

Later that night Angie was awakened from her sleep by a nightmare. She lay in the small dark room and tried to recall what the dream had been, but it was gone. There had been a face, an obscure face, but that was all she could remember.
Someone's radio emanated from another room down the hall. It was too loud now to sleep, so she sat up and lit a cigarette.  The steam radiator was hissing in disturbing tones. Frost on the windows attested to the cold air outside, but inside the room was uncomfortably hot. 
She looked out the window. A clock on a bank building showed just past midnight. She laid back down and thought of Herc. There was a stirring within her, a kind of perverted, false lust which she knew was craving him, not his love, nor his body, but his life. She laid on her side, still smoking her cigarette. She did not want him. She did not want to see him ever again. The thought of being with him disgusted her. But the fact that something within her was drawn to him was even more loathsome, because though she did not understand it, she felt that this desire was an alien force. It was part of her, but it was not her. She had been trying, as she had several times in the past, to control the feeling. 
After some time she sat up again in bitter frustration. It was no good. It was happening again and there was nothing she could do now to stop it. Just like Bobby; just like George, all the others. She was on a one way street now. There was no getting off; there was only reaching the end, when Herc finally died, depleted of all of his life energy. Angrily, she threw her cigarette against the wall, shattering it into sparks. 
She got up and went to the dresser mirror and looked at her moronic reflection staring back at her. "What am I supposed to do?"
She pleaded with herself, "What?...I can't do this anymore! I can't..."
Suddenly there was a different face staring back at her, and she recognized it as the face she had dreamed about. Furthermore, she knew she had seen it before. It was the face of a man, an Indian man, dark and foreboding, with penetrating eyes which not only stared back at her, but stared from within her. In the distance she could hear faint but threatening cries of Indian warriors. 
Herc...She had to find Herc. She must go to him, and stay with him. If she did not, if she tried to resist the urge, she would lose her consciousness, and the rage would come. It would be uncontrollable, as it had been before, and ultimately the urge would be satisfied, in spite of her resistance.
But many people would die.
#
11

Joanne Meets Angie

Shut up and lay down

In his own sleep, Herc was also having nightmares, not about Indians, but about Angie. She had tied him up and stuck him with a needle with a rubber tube attached to it. Then she began to suck the blood from him...
He awoke and realized his body was soaked with sweat. He sat up, groaning somewhat, and suddenly froze. He had a sixth sense which had saved him from the police and other enemies many times. It was sending up flares at the moment, and it was telling him that someone was in the next room. He listened, but heard nothing. But that didn't mean anything. He could feel it. Someone was there all right. He shifted slowly, and the girl lying next to him, Joanne, moaned sleepily, "What's wrong, doll?"
He put a finger on her lips. "Shh, it's okay. I'm just gonna go check on something."
He reached under his mattress and pulled out a gun, then walked into his living room and looked around. Faint light shone in through the window, enough for him to tell that someone was standing in the corner, almost enveloped in darkness. The figure stood perfectly still. He raised his gun at the shadow. "Who's that?" he said. The figure stayed where it was and gave no indication that it had even heard. "Okay asshole, I've got a gun and it's pointed right at you. Tell me who you are or I'm gonna blow your balls off. Now who the fuck are you?"
"It's Angie, Herc." The figure took a step forward into the light, and Herc gasped inwardly. He lowered the gun. "Angie? Is that really you?"
"It's me, Herc."
"Come closer."
She advanced a few steps and now he could see that it was indeed her. She stopped a few feet from him. Though Herc didn't realize it, both his hands were shaking. "Angie! Jesus! How the fuck...W-what're you doin' here?"
She came to him and put her arms around him. "I want you Herc. I couldn't stay away...I need you...now." Her voice sounded strangely cold and removed, like an actor trying to sound passionate but can't seem to get the lines right.
For a moment Herc was speechless. Something was wrong with this picture, he thought, very wrong. Why was this babe scaring the bejeebers out of him, just like she had this morning? He should just grab her by the hair right now and throw her ass outta here for good. That's what he should do. 
But Angie kissed his naked chest, and her hot tongue slid down to his naked waist, and soon licked its way down to his naked balls. "Angie," he said, "Look sugarpeach, this is not a good time...Oh, mmm...Jesus..."
Suddenly a light went on. "What's going on here?" Joanne said, standing in the doorway. "I mean, you guys aren't even whispering." She had a sheet wrapped around her. She tightened it and stepped up to Herc. "So who's this doll? Your cleaning lady?"
 Angie rose slowly and said nothing. She stared at Herc as if Joanne were not even in the room. "Hey, don't get cute," Herc said, "she's a friend, okay?" 
 Joanne shot a venomous look toward Angie. "Okay? No it ain't okay! Friends don't come over at three in the morning and start sucking your dick!...Hey Cleopatra! Why don't you go find some other soldier for the night? This one is booked! So blow!"
She went up to Angie and gave her a rough push, but Angie's right hand shot up and grabbed hold of Joanne's throat, her thumb and fingers on either side of the larynx. Joanne started to choke immediately. Herc gasped and stepped backward. He could normally have stopped a fight like this, but the expression in Angie's eyes held him back. There was something inhuman looking about them, something frightening.
Angie lifted up with her hand, forcing Joanne onto her toes, then began pushing her toward the door. She opened it with her free hand and shoved the naked girl out into the cold, then closed the door. Joanne yelled and cursed. Angie turned toward Herc, whose stomach began to feel nauseous at this point. Then she retrieved Joanne's clothes from the bedroom and threw them out to the crying girl. She took Herc by the hand and led him into the bedroom. "Angie," Herc said, baffled by this whole incident, "Jesus, girl!..."
Angie knelt down on the bed and looked impatiently up at him. "Herc, just shut up and lay down."
#

12

Angie Moves In With Herc

His, no one elses

Shortly afterward, during the first week of February, Angie moved in with Herc. The move was so subtle and unannounced that no one knew for certain what day she had moved in. It was as if she had always been there. The story of Joanne's banishment, and Herc's reticent attitude toward it made for an amusing tale, and not only confirmed to the other two households that Angie was now part of the family, but that she was Hercs "old lady." She was his, and no one else's.
#
13

Angie Meets Hard Rock

Its all she wants to do

The day before the big snowstorm hit the city, the weather had seemed to promise an early Spring. The day was sunny, most of the snow was long melted, and the temperature hovered at 69 degrees. The birds heralded the coming season prematurely. Everyone in the three households felt rejuvenated, except for Herc. Lately he'd been feeling more tired than usual. 
He sat on his front porch that morning drinking beer, along with Smitty and Hard Rock, a fellow biker who owned a local garage in town called Hard Rock Auto. He and Smitty shared the house next door, about two hundred yards down the road. He was a small stocky man, and extremely muscular. His hair was cropped short in a butch style. He had not had the style very long, and was telling Herc and Smitty over beers and cigarettes that some people were starting to call him Skinhead. He didn't like that.
Angie had come out earlier on her way down the road to see Twilight, and had asked Hard Rock how he'd gotten his name. He gave a laugh. "You can thank Uncle Sam for that," he said.
"Uncle Sam?" she asked, a blank look on her face.
The three men looked at each other in surprise and laughed. Herc shook his head. "Jesus!"
"The government, honey," Hard Rock said, "Ain't you never heard of Uncle Sam?"
Angie nodded. Yes, she had heard that name...a long time ago, it seemed. "Sure I have," she said.
"Well, honey, the government gimme this name once when they sent me a tax form. See, my real name is Harold Rockwell, only the name got misspelled, right? And they always put the last name first, right? So on the envelope it said 'Rock, Hard.'"
Angie laughed. "So why do you call yourself Hard Rock?"
He smiled and shrugged. "Sounds better." He laughed.  
"And he sure enough is rock hard all right," Smitty grinned, "I work with the son of a bitch. I know." 
Herc sent his fist into Hard Rock's shoulder to drive home the point. The impact made a loud solid thump which made Angie wince, but Hard Rock was not even jolted by the punch. "Hey, come on!..." he said warding off a second blow a bit too late. Herc smiled and slapped Hard Rock's head. "This is the real reason we call him Hard Rock," he laughed.
"Knock it off," Hard Rock said with a gritty smile on his face. He warded off Herc's hand by grabbing it, and the two of them engaged in a brief but overzealous tug of war, which ended with Herc falling off his chair onto his butt. The other three laughed. "Fuck," Herc said, wincing in pain.
"You okay, Herc?" Hard Rock asked.
Herc got back on the chair and glared at Angie. "What the fuck are you laughing at? I thought you were going down the road."
Angie stopped laughing and stared back at him, not in coldness, nor in anger. It was an amused, detached look. Her eyes hung onto his, and in that brief interlude Herc felt himself sweat. Fear brushed him somewhere inside his body. "Hey, sorry, Sugarpeach," he said grinning, "you know I'm just jokin."  
She managed a tight smile back and started off the porch. "I know."
Herc swallowed dryly and began to cough. He took a swallow of beer.
"Ain't never heard you apologize to a chick before, Herc," Hard Rock grinned. He looked at Smitty. "I think the poor boy is getting pussy whipped." Smitty laughed. 
Herc sulked. "Fuck you guys."
"Well you gotta admit it, dude, this one is different," Smitty said, "You act different around her."
"I do?"
"Yeah you do," Hard Rock said, "I don't know what it is, but you do."
"I'll tell you what it ain't," Smitty said, "and that's love." He and Hard Rock laughed.
"Fuck no, it ain't love!" Herc rubbed his face in frustration, then lit a cigarette. "Jesus! I don't know what it is. All I know is I pick up this babe at a bar, she gets an attitude, so I get rid of her. Next thing, she's back with a vengeance. She kicks out Joanne, a perfectly good fuck, and next thing I know she's moved in!"
"Well don't you want her here?" Smitty asked.
Herc watched her walking the short distance down the road toward Smitty's house. She looked good walking; if one thing was for sure, she looked damn good. In fact, she just plain looked better to him every day. "I guess I do. I don't know, man! She's got me kinda confused. There's something about her I like. I gotta admit that. She's sassy...quiet, but sassy. And she looks good...and, uh..." He stopped and took a swallow of his beer.
"And what?" Smitty said.
"Well..." he lowered his voice, as if she might hear, "She likes to screw, man. She likes to screw me all the time."
The other two stared at him with wide eyes.
"I mean, it's all she wants to do."
 "So what's wrong with that?" Hard Rock said.
"Nothing," Herc said, "I ain't complainin'. But it's like I gotta tear myself away from her. We spend all our goddam time in bed. It feels great, but I'm starting to hurt."
The three of them howled in laughter. Then Herc had a coughing fit which made him drop his cigarette. When he was done coughing he lit another one. "But I ain't getting nothing else done, you know what I mean?"
Smitty laughed. "You ain't makin' no money either."
Herc finished his beer. "Well that's gonna change right after lunch, man. I'm meeting Jonesy at the park. We got us a little drug deal cooking."
"Jonesy?" Hard Rock said, "That slime ball? He looks and smells like he hasn't washed in ten years."
Smitty grinned at Hard Rock. "Can't judge a book by its cover, dude. He may look like shit, but he always has the money to buy whatever we got. You can't argue with that."
#




14

Made

Nothin to worry about

Angie sat propped up against a maple tree and watched Twilight twirling round and round on a merry-go-round in the park. Twilight was laying on her back, with her head just at the edge of the spinning platform, and her black hair flying wildly in the wind. She giggled at the feeling. "This is the way I used to do it when I was a little girl," she said, "I could do it for hours!"
"Doesn't it make you sick?" Angie asked.
"No, it makes me feel wonderful! I get dizzy from it, but I like the dizzy feeling, especially when I get up and try to run. Watch!"
She sat up and jumped off the merry-go-round and began to run in a staggered line on the park lawn. She laughed when her wobbly legs finally collapsed. Angie laughed aloud in spite of herself. Twilight got up and tried to walk toward Angie, fell once, then got up again and made it up to her and collapsed over Angie's legs. They both laughed. "You try it," Twilight said, sitting up, "Come on, well both do it."
Angie shook her head. "No, not me. You go ahead."
Twilight laid back down and put her head on Angie's legs. "I can't move. You mind my head here?" she asked.
"No, it's all right," Angie said.
Twilight stared up at the sky and laughed again. At the moment she was filled with complete happiness. "It's such a perfect day!" she said, "The air is warm, the sun is out, the clouds are white and billowy. I wish every day could be like this." 
"You'd get tired of all that sun after a while."
"Not a chance. Don't you like the sun?"
"Sure I do."
"Sometimes it's hard for me to tell about you. Today you look like you do 'cause your cheeks are red and healthy looking. But sometimes you just look so pale I think you must be sick. Why is that?"
Angie shrugged. "I don't know. I didn't know I looked that bad."
"Oh no!...You don't! I shouldn't have said that." She reached up and touched Angie's cheek lightly and smiled. "You're beautiful, Angie. I mean that."
Angie felt a strange stirring within her as she gazed into Twilight's dark brown eyes. For a moment she imagined she saw the silhouette of a flying bird, perhaps a crow.
Twilight brought her hand down to her breast. "I'm sorry," she said, "I'm being weird."
"No you're not. It's all right."
"I'm not being queer or anything...It's just that I'm feeling really good today, you know? I just feel..." She sat up and put a hand on Angie's shoulder and pressed it gently. Angie smiled. "I just feel like you're my big sister or something. I feel like I could tell you anything."
Angie smiled silently and nodded. "I don't know what it is," Twilight continued, "I've known the other girls in the club for about a year now...that's when I first met Smitty...and there's a real wall that separates us. Of course, I'm much younger than everyone else. But it's not just an age difference, you know what I mean? It's something else. They're all much older than I am, but I feel sorta like I know more than they do about a lot of things."
"I think you do," Angie said.
"I think you do too," Twilight said, "and sometimes it really makes me wonder what am I doing here with these people? They're all into some pretty strange trips and all, but they're okay. Mostly they just wanna be left alone by the rest of society. They drink a lot and do a lot of drugs, but mostly they don't hurt anybody...
"And then I look at you! And I wonder what is she doing here? You don't look like you belong with these people at all! I never could figure out how you and Herc ever got together in the first place. You're very quiet, but you're focused. You don't say much, but you always seem to know what you have to do."
Angie looked at her as memories of Bobby came to her, along with pangs of guilt and sadness. She put them out of her mind. "There are some things I have to do," Angie said, "But I can't understand why."
"Things like what?"
"I can't explain it to you."
"Why?"
"I just can't..." A breeze blew Angie's hair in front of her face. She wiped it back.
"Do you ever feel like I do?"
"How?"
"Do you ever feel...like you could tell me anything?"
Angie hesitated. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Smitty and Herc walking back across the lawn toward them. "No," she answered, looking down at the ground, "I don't think I could feel that way about anyone."
Twilight appeared slightly hurt by this remark. "I understand," she said.
Angie looked up at her. "What?"
"I understand why you feel that way about people. I think it's because in your past somebody hurt you very much."
Angie grinned at this. "Is that what you think?"
Twilight grinned back. "Yes I do."  
"And what has that got to do with anything?"
Twilight gazed off across the park, toward Herc and Smitty. "I think when people get hurt they carry their hurts around with them wherever they go."
Angie shrugged. "Well...don't you think they get rid of them after a while?"
"I don't think so."
"Why not?"
"Because they're too busy giving them to other people to even think about getting rid of them."
Angie looked at Twilight's wistful expression, and wondered about her own past. "How does someone give their hurts to someone else?"
Twilight shrugged. "I don't know. By hurting them. Or being hurt by them."
"Or by breathing on them?" Angie offered jokingly, "Like catching a virus?"
Twilight grinned. "Exactly."
A few young mothers had brought their children to play on the merry-go-round. Angie noticed the women gather their children and leave quickly as Smitty and Herc approached and sat down on the lawn. "Did you find Jonesy?" Twilight asked.
"No," Smitty said.
"Son of a bitch didn't show," Herc said, pounding his fist into the dirt. "When I see that asshole..."
"Hey, maybe something happened," Smitty said.
"Something's gonna happen, I can tell you that," Herc said.
"No, dude, I mean maybe he had an accident or something."
"Like I said..." Herc muttered. He put his arm around Angie, and she let herself be pulled over to him.
"Well now what?" Twilight said. 
Everyone looked at each other briefly. "How 'bout you, Georgia peach?" Herc said to Angie, "Whatta you want to do?"
"Let's go back home," she answered with a suggestive look in her eye. Herc laughed, but there was a trace of groan as well. "Well now I ain't ready to go back just yet, Georgia Peach. You wore me out this morning."
Twilight and Smitty grinned at each other. "Let's go get us a beer," Smitty said.
"I'm for that," Herc agreed. Angie and Twilight exchanged disapproving glances but said nothing. Then Smitty pointed across the park. "Hey look over there. Ain't that Jonesy coming?"
Herc looked. A large fat man was ambling toward them as if he was out of breath. He was dressed in blue work pants and a red lumberjack coat. His black hair was pulled back in a small pony tail. "It sure as hell is," Herc said, "It's about time, you fat motherfucker. Awright!...First I'm gonna kiss him; Then I'm gonna kill him."
Jonesy's face was as red as his coat. He was all smiles and apologies for being late. Herc glared at him as if he meant to strangle him. Jonesy laughed nervously and stepped behind the girls and put his arms around both. "Now take it easy, Herc. Don't hurt me. I'm here, ain't I? I've got the money with me. So what's the big deal?" He turned to Twilight. "Hi! You're Twilight, aren't you? I remember you...And who's this one here?" He looked longingly at Angie. "Hey, sweetie, where you from? I ain't seen you around before. Lookit that black hair! You part Injun or something?" Angie blinked in surprise.
"Never mind her, you fat ass," Herc said, "Let's get on with it." He began walking toward some bushes. "Let's get outta sight." Smitty kept a watchful eye on the fat man.
"Sure Herc, sure," Jonesy said nervously. "Excuse me, ladies," he said grabbing a quick bun feel, "there's business to attend to." He was turned on by Twilight's youth. She was practically a little girl, and he happened to like young girls. As for Angie...she looked very robust, energetic, and...kinky maybe? Angie gave him a scornful look. Twilight watched him walk away with an incredulous look on her face. When he was out of ear shot she whispered, "Angie! We've got to get out of here! That guy is setting us all up!"
Angie felt a riveting shock charge through her. "What?"
"It's a set up!" Twilight repeated.
"How do you know?"
"I'm not sure how! When he touched me I just knew. I saw the whole set up. There are cops all around us!"
"Are you sure?"
Twilight looked unusually frightened. "I'm having one of my feelings. I've never been wrong about them." 
Angie felt herself shaking. If Herc were busted and jailed she'd be cut off from him. That would be more than disastrous...
"Herc! Wait!" Angie called out. Herc frowned back at her with Jonesy's money in his hand. Angie ran up to him and pulled him aside. "Herc, don't do it. It's a trap!"
Herc glared at her. "What the fuck are you talking about?"
"Jonesy...He set you up. There's cops around. Don't do the deal. Have you got the stuff on you?"
Herc regarded her without answering at first. He looked back at Jonesy, who was arguing with Smitty in low tones. Then he looked around the park casually. Yes, there were some men around he hadn't seen before. They looked like cops. "Fuck," he said, "You're right, Georgia Peach. How'd you know about this?"
"Twilight told me."
Suddenly Herc's expression changed. He glanced at Twilight, who nodded to him. "I can dig it now," he said. He grinned and put his arm around her. She felt his hand slide into her back pocket and rub her butt. "Thanks, Sugarpeach. Give us a kiss." He leaned down and kissed her on the lips. She felt his hand slip inside her shirt and wedge the bills in her bra. "Hold this for me," he said.
"Hey," Jonesy called, "You guys would rather make it together or what?"
Herc winked and gave her butt another pat and walked over to Jonesy. He put his arm on Smitty's shoulder. "You know, Smitty, I hate it when we get set up, especially by good friends like 'ol Jonesy here. It really ruins my day."
"Set up? Oh man! Mine too, dude," Smitty said looking around the park nervously. "Jonsey!...You didn't set us up, did you?"
"No! Of course not!...Why would I do that, after all the times we've had together?" He laughed nervously.
"I ask myself that too," Herc said.
"Look, I don't know what you're talking about! Have we got a deal or not?"
"Sure man," Herc said, "See that alley over there next to the book store? The stuff's in the first garbage can at the bottom."
Jonesy looked stupified. "What are you talking about? We never do business this way!"
"See you, Jonesy," Smitty grinned, "Have a nice day."
"Wait a minute! What about my money?"
"What money?" Herc said.
"The money I just gave you."
"You didn't give him no money," Smitty said, "I'da seen it if you did."
"You got the damn stuff in your pocket!" Jonesy said, "I saw you put it there!"
Suddenly sirens wailed and two squad cars jumped the park curb and raced toward them with lights flashing. Men were running toward them from another direction. "Fuck," Herc said, "He's probably got a damn bug too."
"What was the signal, Jonesy?" Smitty said, "Something you said? Where's the bug? In your shirt?"
"In your asshole," Jonesy said.
Herc bounced a step and slugged Jonesy's jaw as hard as he could. "How about in your face, asshole?" he said. Jonesy crumpled to the ground, but got up again, rubbing his bleeding lip. Suddenly he looked sympathetic. "Look you guys, I know you ain't gonna believe this, but I was forced into it by the cops."
"Fuck you," Herc said.
Policemen jumped out of the squad cars as the others also arrived. "Everybody freeze! Just stay where you are!" a policeman said, gun drawn, "Let's get 'em up, now!"
There were now twelve cops around them, all with pistols or rifles. Herc and Smitty raised their arms and were thrown against the cars and spreadeagled. "Come on over here, girls," one detective said, motioning. Twilight and Angie walked over and were also put against the cars.
"How are ya, Lt. Halloran?" Smitty said, "Nice to see ya again."
"Shut up, Smitty," Halloran said with a tired tone in his voice. This whole operation had not gone well. He had not expected it to. Jonesy was an idiot, and these guys were slipperier than lard on a football. "Officer Damon, if you have nothing better to do, would you please frisk the suspects?" He cleared his throat as a message to Damon: "Frisking is standard procedure, you idiot. So don't just stand there!" Damon, a young, lanky, inexperienced cop, realized his mistake and began frisking Herc.
"Hey Officer Damon, if you find any dope," Herc said, "I'll split it with you." Smitty and Twilight giggled. 
"Herc, you shut up too," Halloran said, motioning to Jonesy. "Where's the stuff?"
Jonesy looked down. "I don't have it."
Halloran's eyes winced. "Whatta you mean you don't have it? You gave us the signal."
"Right on, dude!" Smitty said, "Hey, what was the signal?"
"I told you to shut up!" Halloran said, "How about it, Jonesy?"
Jonesy whispered. "Look, I don't have it. He does. I had to give the signal. They were gonna try and knife me or something."
Halloran exhaled a disgruntled sigh. "Well if we don't find anything on 'em, they just might." 
Officer Damon finished frisking Herc. "He's clean, sir."
Halloran closed his eyes. "What?"
"He's clean."
Angie gasped in silent astonishment and looked at Herc. He glanced back at her and winked with a grin.
"What about my money?" Jonesy said.
"What money?" Herc said.
"My fifteen hundred dollars, asshole!"
"Fuck you. I don't know what you're talking about."
"Search the next guy," Halloran said, "You, Officer Taylor, be good enough to read them their rights."
Taylor nodded and proceeded to do so. "Why are you arresting us, dude?" Smitty said.
Halloran pulled a cigar out of his coat pocket and lit it. "Just in case," he said, "I feel lucky today."
"What's the charge?" Herc said.
Halloran took a couple of leisurely puffs. "I'll get back to you on that."
Damon finished with Smitty. "Nothing, sir."
"Are you kidding me?"
"No sir."
Halloran took turns staring at all of them. "All right, search the ladies. And Damon..."
"Sir?"
"Mind your manners. Nothing fancy with the girls. Remember the courts."
"Understood, sir." He went up to Twilight and frisked her lightly and sparingly, taking great pains to avoid her crotch, butt, and breasts. "You others start searching the ground and the bushes," Halloran said. The other officers fanned out.
Damon stood up and checked Twilight's hair. "Hey, nothing in there but bugs, dude," Smitty laughed. Twilight glared at him but said nothing. 
"You're pretty young there, lady," Halloran said, "How old are you?"
"Old enough to be your daughter," Twilight snipped. Herc and Smitty laughed.
"Nothing here," Damon said, moving over to Angie.
"All right, enough of this bullshit," Halloran said, "Search the last one, then we'll take 'em down to the station and have 'em searched again, inside and out, assholes and armpits. Somebody's getting fucked over here, and it's not gonna be me." He looked at Jonesy. Jonesy felt himself sweat.          
Angie also felt herself sweating as Damon frisked her sides and worked his way down her legs. Herc had probably given her the money knowing that the police would not dare frisk her breasts. Was the money safe? Perhaps she ought to simply reveal the money, throw it down on the ground. What would happen then? Jonesy would claim the money, and Herc would be arrested. What then? Would she and the others also be arrested?
Why didn't he just give the damn money back? 
And where were the drugs?
Whatever happened, she decided, she would be in big trouble, because she was in danger of losing Herc. Not that she would mind personally if she never saw him again. Unfortunately, other conditions dictated that she could not part with him just yet. There was a slight hitch. He had to be dead first. Then and only then would she be "free"...
This gave her an idea. She began to concentrate on the hands frisking her legs...
Officer Damon's hands were shaking. Halloran's eyes were on him and he didn't want to screw up. This was the first time he had ever frisked women suspects. As a result he searched slower and more carefully...
...Couldn't be too careful, or too slow. He felt her knees, and then behind the knees, then worked down the calves. He massaged the calves briefly, feeling for any undue protrusions. There were none, but the calves sure felt good. He went down to her ankles and checked them out, then decided to return to her calves...
He felt his pulse begin to race at the touch of her calves. He massaged them more slowly with his thumbs, and heard the girl moan. She liked it...He massaged her again, and again she moaned. He giggled to himself, then looked around to make sure no one had seen him...
But there was no one around, no one except him and the girl. When he turned back to her, he gasped in astonishment. She was naked! She was completely, positively buck naked! She was standing there with her hands against the sedan, her legs spread apart. She was looking back at him and smiling. Jesus!...
He looked around again. No one else was around...No one...
He brought his hands up to her thighs and felt the fullness of her flesh quivering from his touch. She moaned again and moved ever so slightly, resisting, and yet wanting more, wanting him to go higher...
And he went higher. Breathlessly he put his hands on her well rounded butt and felt underneath for her wet crotch. She groaned in ecstasy...She was ready and waiting for him. He began to sweat with desire for her...                      
He realized that he, too, was naked...His dick was throbbing with hard readiness. She looked back and presented herself to him, whispering, "Take me...take me, you beast..."
Halloran watched the other officers' fruitless search of the grounds. He went up to Herc and blew smoke in his face. "Alright, wise guy, what's the deal? You might as well tell me now, 'cause if you don't, I'm only gonna come down harder on you at the station when we do find the stuff."
"There ain't no stuff, man," Herc said.
"What about the money he gave you?"
"Fifteen hundred bucks!" Jonesy cried.
"Shut up, Jones! Well Herc? What about that?"
"He didn't give me no fifteen hundred bucks."
"The hell I didn't!"
"He gave me a little money, to get him some stuff later, a few joints, that's all..."
"He gave you money?"
"Yeah. Check my pants pocket."
Halloran checked it and pulled out two five dollar bills. "This is all he gave you?"
"I swear it. That's all."
"You lyin' shit!" Jonesy said.
"So where's the stuff?" Halloran said, chewing his cigar.
Herc shrugged. "I said I'd get it later."
Halloran glared at him. "Later, huh..."
Smitty started chuckling. "Hey," he said to Herc. "Get a load of Officer Romeo here. Look what he's doing to your woman, dude." Herc and Halloran both looked at Damon. Halloran's cigar dropped from his mouth when his jaw fell open in numb astonishment. Damon's hands were on the girl's breasts! The son of a bitch was feeling her up and acting like he was humping her! The girl stared straight ahead as if she was completely unaware. What in the hell was he doing?...
(...He entered her...Oh!...How warm she was, how warm, how wet and soft! He ran his hands down her sides and again grabbed her breasts. How beautiful they were! How firm and beautiful! He squeezed them once, then again, and again...)
"Hey, Damon!" Halloran yelled, "Whatta you think you're doing?"...
(...He moaned loudly as he reached his orgasm...)
Herc and Smitty cracked up in laughter as Officer Damon, his eyes closed, moaned over and over again audibly enough for everyone to hear, his hips pumping wildly in imaginary climax. Twilight looked shocked, but amused. The other officers gathered closer, most of them with astonished expressions, some of them trying to restrain their laughter under straight faces.
Halloran turned beet red and grabbed Damon by the shoulders. "Damon! Goddamit!" He yanked him back and threw him to the ground. Damon blinked in surprise and looked around him. "What happened?" he asked timidly. Everyone laughed at this, except Halloran. He had noticed several civilians standing close by, watching the whole display. One of them was a mother with two little children, and her expression was not pleased. Halloran closed his eyes and wished the whole incident would go away.
"Hey dude," Smitty said, "Is that proper police procedure?"
"Yeah," Twilight said, "I think we can sue you guys for this."
"Fuckin' right," Herc said. Jonesy was silent.
Halloran grabbed Damon by the shirt and picked him up. "Just what the hell do you mean by fondling the suspect, Damon? You're supposed to frisk her, not fondle her, you dumb shit!"
Damon was aghast, and speechless. Halloran pushed him aside. "Get in the goddam cruiser and stay there!" 
Damon nodded absently and did as he was told. The other officers milled around, smiling, scratched their heads in frustration, and joked about Damon. Halloran lit another cigar and went up to Angie. "Mam, I want to apologize for Officer Damon's irreverant and unprofessional behavior."
"Hey Lieutenant," Smitty said, "Do we have to keep standing like this?"
"Uh...no. You can all relax."
Angie turned around and leaned against the cruiser with arms folded, staring obstinately at Halloran. He looked sheepish. "Look Mam, in all my years I've never seen anything like that. He's young and inexperienced..."
"And pretty brash..." Angie said in a stiff tone.
"Bold and stupid," Twilight said.
"Don't forget perverted," Smitty giggled.
"Allright, allright," Halloran said.
"Well what about this?" Herc said, "We wanna file a complaint against the department, don't we, Sugarpeach?"
Angie was watching Halloran. "I haven't decided yet."
Halloran nodded. "All right, let's get down to it. Mam, you have every right to lodge a formal complaint against Officer Damon and the department if you wish. Is that, uh, what you want to do?"
"Like I said," Angie replied, "I haven't decided yet. I'm still getting over the shock of that pervert. Maybe we could do a trade..."
Halloran was nodding. "Yeah, I get you. You drop the charge against us if we drop the charge against Herc."
Angie nodded. Herc grinned from ear to ear. "Whatta you say, Halloran?" 
"What do I say?" Halloran threw up his arms. "I say okay. Get the fuck outta here, all of you."
"What about me?" Jonesy said.
Halloran shrugged. "Why don't you come along with us? We'll drop you off wherever you want."
"Better make it New Mexico, dude," Herc said to Jonesy.
Halloran waved his people away and the cruisers dispersed, with Jonesy in the back seat of one of them. Herc went up to Angie and picked her up. "Way to go, Georgia Peach! You beat the rap for us!" 
In spite of herself, Angie laughed along with the others.
"Hey dudes, let's go get that beer now. I'm about ready,"
Smitty said, taking Twilight's hand. "Me too," she said.
Herc put Angie down and they followed along. "Whoops, forgot something," Herc said. He took the money from Angie's shirt and put it in his pocket. "Where did you put the drugs?" Angie said. Herc grinned and reached into her back pocket and pulled out a thin packet wrapped in a small envelope. He held it up for her to see, then pocketed it. "Nothin' to worry about," he said with a wide grin.
Angie felt a wave of angry shock wash through her. For a moment she thought she was going to faint. "You asshole..."
Herc laughed. "C'mon, Sugarpeach, I'll buy you a beer."
#
15

The Storm/Twilight's Vision/Smitty's Birthday Party

Are you decent?...

The storm hit two days later. The snow started during the night and continued all during the next day, one of the worst blizzards on record to come sweeping out of the Rockies. All the mountain passes were closed throughout the state. The Interstate highway leading in and out of Pueblo was temporarily impassable. Even the heavy snowtrucks were sliding off the road and getting stuck in the drifts.
Up on Devil Hill there was little activity. The Friends (and women) in the third house at the bottom of the hill, numbering eight altogether, remained housebound for most of the month. Riding motorcycles was out of the question, and few of the people in that house worked. There was nothing else to do but stay put, eat, drink, do drugs and have sex. Some tried walking the long distance uphill to Herc's house one day to relieve the cabin fever, but gave up at the halfway point because the snow was still too deep.  
Smitty and Hard Rock were stranded at the garage, which was okay with Hard Rock. He had a tow truck, and a pickup with a plow, and calls were coming in constantly. Once he was able to get on the road, he made a small fortune. He and Smitty lived in the garage for several days, taking turns plowing and towing.
Twilight had gone to her aunt's house on the other side of town. Her parents had died when she was young, and her aunt, the only relative she had, was a near invalid, so Twilight went back to live with her until the snow no longer presented a problem. She managed to stay a month before going stark raving mad from her aunt's annoying rambling.
The cold days wore on, and February finally turned into March. The Chinook winds blew warmer air in from the west, and this time Spring was on its way to stay for its usual length of time. Twilight had told Smitty she would move back in with him on his birthday and fix a huge dinner for everyone. A party was planned. 
In the afternoon on that day, Twilight picked up some groceries on her way back to Smitty's house. Smitty and Hard Rock were at the garage, of course, and so she let herself in and put the groceries away. As she did so she sensed an uneasiness in herself. It seemed to start from the moment she had arrived.
It was a chilling feeling. She turned up the heat, and on impulse checked throughout the house to make sure no one else was there. She felt silly for doing so. The house was not really large enough for anyone to hide in without her knowing about it. But she checked anyway just to satisfy herself. She stood in the kitchen again, preparing to make dinner, and knew the feeling had not been completely dispelled. She looked out the window at Herc's house, up at the top of the hill. Instinctively, she knew this was the origin of her feeling.
Smitty had told her that the phone was out over there. Further, he'd been so busy at the garage that he hadn't even seen Herc in a while. She called his number and got a disconnected message. 
She looked out the window and wondered if she should go up there. For all she knew, Herc and Angie didn't even know about the party. Around here you could never tell. Messages were rarely received on time. Hard Rock was probably the most responsible one in the bunch. As for everyone else, forget it. She decided to go and tell them about the party.
She put a stew on the stove, then walked up the hill toward Herc's house. It was late afternoon, and the sun had gone down, leaving brilliant red firelight in the western sky. The warm wind was blowing with energetic gusts and for a brief moment Twilight stopped and stared at the sky. The redness of the clouds was magnificent, and at first the sight filled her with wonder. It seemed as if the sky were actually ablaze. She could imagine the heat emanating from the cloud fires. After a few moments this vision of heat made her uncomfortable. 
She shook off the feeling and continued on toward the house ahead. The building was dark within, but she knew they were home. There were seldom any lights on here. From what she'd heard, there was no music playing either. Very unusual, she thought, for Herc not to play his music at high volume.
She stopped again. There was something thick about the air, oppressive. It seemed difficult to breathe. A gust of wind knocked her thin frame off balance, and she stumbled against a fence. She gasped in surprise at the sudden howl of the gust. A gate slammed, a garbage can lid crashed to the ground somewhere down the street, and trees shook their branches with a ferocity that frightened her. In the background of all the noise suddenly screamed a voice, her own maybe, so faint she could not be certain she had actually heard it...
"Death!" 
She felt she was going to weaken, and grabbed onto a fence rail for support. She looked up at the sky again, and the flaming clouds seemed about to engulf her. She looked around her, but there seemed to be no apparent danger. She turned her gaze to the distant lights in the city and felt somewhat better. But for a moment she had felt so strange, so completely weakened, as if the closer she came to the house...
She took a deep breath and felt only a little better. So strange, she thought...
She began to make her way up the path to the door, and wondered if she should leave them alone. She stopped again, thinking that this is what she would do. But in that moment when she almost decided to turn around, she realized that she was frightened because she was having another one of her feelings...
"Why do they call you Twilight?"
"'Cause of the Twilight Zone, you know? DOO DOO DOO DOO, DOO DOO DOO DOO... sometimes I get these weird feelings..."
Like now, she thought. She went the few steps further and knocked on the door, then opened it and peeked in. "Hello?" she said walking in, "Hey you guys, it's me. Are you decent?"
The living room was dark, but she saw a faint light emanating from under the bedroom door. Obviously they were in there...if they were home. But of course they were home, because Herc's bike was out front. Well then, if they were in the bedroom, then they were sleeping or screwing. Perhaps she should just turn and leave, or leave them a note. They could come over later...
"Hey, you guys?" she said a little louder. There was no reply, so she went to the door and listened. There were no telltale signs of screwing going on, she thought, so they must be sleeping. She opened the door and looked in.
She sucked in a quick breath of surprise. Oops... 
They were screwing all right...or they seemed to be. Herc was on his back, naked, his face partially concealed from her, and Angie was on top of him. Her head was resting on his chest while she slowly and gently rocked up and down on him. Twilight felt herself blush as she watched Herc's mammoth erection enter into Angie over and over, very slowly. Then she realized that he was not entering into her; Angie was making all the movements, dropping down on him, easing up slowly, with enough vaginal muscle that it seemed she was actually lifting his hips by his penis.  
There were faint painful sounding moans coming from Herc. He was not moving. His hands were still, lying at his sides as if they were lifeless. Angie seemed completely unaware of her presence. Streaks of her hair covered her face. Her back muscles rippled with strength.
Twilight's inclination was to back away and close the door, but she could not move. She was trapped between embarrassment and shock, spellbound by what they were doing, which seemed at first glance to be having sex... 
But there was something that did not seem right. Twilight had walked in on Joanne and Herc once, and it had been no big deal. They had reacted immediately, a bit embarrassed, but they had laughed. Both of them had jumped up when she burst in on them. It was a natural enough reaction. But Herc and Angie were completely ignorant of her presence. She wondered now if she should call out, clear her throat or something, but she hesitated, and she knew why. What was happening here seemed somehow...unnatural. It seemed as if Angie was not making love to Herc, but doing something else...
...Doing something else to him, but what?...
(She's killing him...)
She suddenly felt dizzy, and realized that she had been holding her breath. She let her air out slowly, silently and tried to breathe normally. Killing him? What had made her think that? How could she be killing him?
Once again she heard the echoes of her distant voice crying "Die!..." 
Sweat beaded on her brow.  
She decided to leave and come back later when they were through. She backed away too quickly, and in doing so her foot bumped against the door loudly. She froze, imagining both of them would spring up in alarm at this. But they did not.
That was especially odd. Anyone would have heard that. Maybe they knew she was there and were simply ignoring her? Never mind, she thought, just shut the door and get out of here.  
She backed away hurriedly and silently, but just before the door closed completely, she saw Angie turn to look at her, a split second glimpse, so quickly that if Twilight had blinked she might have missed it. But she had not blinked. Angie had looked at her as the door clicked shut, and a chill shot up Twilight's back. The face she saw did not look like Angie. The features were hers, but the eyes were different. They were unfamiliar, cold, savagely cold, desperate. They belonged to some kind of monster, not to the girl she had befriended in the restaurant a month ago. 
Twilight stifled a scream which begged to erupt from her mouth. She had seen enough. She whirled and ran through the living room, then bolted out the front door. She didn't stop running until she had reached the next house down. Another gust blew around her, and she felt relieved to be back outside. But far beyond the wind she again heard the wailing voice of death.
#
16

Smitty and Twilight

Will you shut up and listen to me

When Smitty came home he found her sitting on the kitchen counter. She was drinking a cup of tea, and shivering. "Hey baby, Daddy's home!" he said, "and lemme tell you, I'm hungry...Hey, you shakin'? Why doncha turn the heat up?" He sat next to her and put his arm around her. She looked at him, and he realized that she was frightened. "Hey, what's going on, Twilight? Did something happen? What happened?" Twilight looked at him imploringly, then shrugged. "Woh, baby," Smitty said, "come on, tell me what's wrong. Did someone come down on you?"
Twilight shook her head. "No..."
"Did your aunt kick you out again?"
She shook her head.
"Did you hurt yourself?"
"No..."
"Oh, I know!...Did you have another one of your, you know...DOO DOO DOO DOO...?"
Twilight nodded. Smitty smiled and put his arms around her. "That's my girl all right. You know, darlin', it occurs to me that maybe we oughta go into business, a part time thing, you know? You could give predictions for people, charge $100 or so..." He went to the fridge and retrieved a bottle of beer. He took a swig and then took her arm. "Come on, darlin', let's go in the living room and you can tell me all about it while I put my feet up."
He ushered her over to the couch and sat her down. "Smitty, I saw something very strange."
"Yeah? What was it?"
"It was...I just saw Herc and Angie screwing each other."
Smitty look dumbfounded at first, as if the meaning of the words had flown right by him. Then he burst out laughing. "Jesus, girl! They were screwing?" He laughed again.
"Smitty..."
"That's a good one! You really walked in on 'em?"
"Yes, I went over there to invite them for your birthday dinner."
"Wow! Right! It's my birthday, man. That's right! You know, I been so busy today I actually forgot? I didn't forget you were comin' over to fix me dinner, though. I'd never forget that. You're too good a cook, baby.."
"Smitty!"
He took a drink and stared at her. "Okay, baby, what's the problem? So they were screwing. I'm glad to hear it. It makes the world go round. It means they're gettin' along just fine."
"Maybe not..."
"Maybe not? Jesus!" He took a bigger gulp, then belched. "All right, baby. You walked in on them while they were screwing. What's so bad about that? It happens..."
"Will you shut up and listen to me?" Twilight barked. Smitty sat back, amazed. He'd never heard her sound this upset. He nodded. "Okay, baby, I'm listening."
"Something bad is happening..."
"Something bad?"
"Yes, something bad. I'm not sure what, but when I walked in on them, it wasn't like they were just screwing. It was more like Angie was doing something to him.."
"Yeah?" Smitty sat up, his interest perked. "What was she doing?" He smiled.
"She was on top of him, and going down on him in, you know, the usual way. But Herc wasn't moving at all. I don't know, I couldn't see him. He was just moaning..."
Smitty burst out with a laugh. "Goddam, girl, you sound like you ain't never made love before. 'Course, I know that ain't true. Sounds like they were havin' a good 'ol time to me. Were they doin' anything besides that, like something we ain't tried before?"
"Smitty! Dammit! This was different!"
"How?"
"I don't know, it just was. She was doing something to him. It's like she was sucking the life out of him or something.."
Again Smitty howled. "Whoo-wee! I'll just bet she was! Hey, I'll tell you what. That Angie sounds like a good time, that's what."
Twilight's face was sullen. "That wasn't it," she said in a pouting voice.
"Yeah?" Smitty finished his beer in a couple of gulps and belched again. "What are you sayin', baby? That she's killin' him softly or something?"
"Maybe. I don't know. Something strange is going on."
"Shit, Twilight, I never seen Herc with a woman he couldn't handle. I sure as hell ain't never seen him with one who was too much for his ticker. I'll admit he ain't been lookin' too hot lately..."
"Yeah, don't you see? Something is happening to Herc, something weird."
"He's been sick, that's all, and he ain't talking about it. That's the way Herc is. He never talks about nothing."
There was silence while Smitty got up to get himself another beer. When he returned, he said, "Is this the feeling you were talking about?"
Twilight shrugged. "Kind of. I had the strangest feeling while I was walking down to their house. I heard this voice crying death. It was so weird. That's never happened before."
"Yeah? No shit?"
"No shit..."
Smitty contemplated this with a couple of gulps of beer. "Hmm, that's pretty weird, baby, I'll tell you that."
"You're tellin' me..."
"So are they comin' over for dinner or what?"
"I don't know," Twilight said, "I went back there and left a note on their door. I didn't want to go back in the house and see.." She shrugged, realizing how stupid this all sounded.
"See what? The two of them in bed?"
Twilight shook her head. "No, not that. Angie's eyes."
Smitty frowned. "Angie's eyes? What happened to her eyes?" He began to laugh again.
Twilight punched his arm. "Goddamit, Smitty! If all you're gonna do is laugh..."
"Okay, Okay..."Smitty stifled his laughing, "What was wrong with her eyes?"
"I don't know...They just weren't normal. She didn't look like Angie." She wrung her hands together in worry. "Smitty, I don't think I can ever be in the same room alone with her anymore."
Smitty sat back and took another drink. He rubbed Twilight's back lightly. "Baby, I don't understand this. You like Angie. You told me so yourself about a month ago. So now you don't like her just because she looks weird when she's in the heat of passion?"
"I didn't say that."
"Well what is it then?"
Twilight didn't answer right away. She stretched her legs out and stared at the floor. Smitty lit a cigarette. "I know it sounds stupid," she said, "but you had to be there at the time. There was something about her that was weird, something about both of them."
Smitty gave her a hug. "Aw come on, Twilight, you're always having weird feelings, and a lot of the times they don't mean nothing. Maybe they were just gettin' into some crazy sex game...Yeah, you know, that was probably it. They were both so into it, they didn't even hear you come in, see? That's probably what happened."
Twilight thought about this. It didn't sound as crazy as her own story. But it was crazy enough to be true. Maybe it had been her imagination. "You think so?" she said.
"Aw who knows? Probably. If you ask me they've both only got one foot on the planet."
Twilight nodded, still skeptical, but feeling more reassured than she'd been while she was alone. "Well, I guess you're right..."
"Sure I am. I'll prove it to you. We'll go over and see 'em right now. We'll see if they got your note."
Twilight felt a bit uneasy about this. "No, I don't wanna go back over there..."
"Aw come on, baby, I want them to be at the party. We're all gonna go to Lindy's after dinner and get down. Shoot some pool, shoot some toot. Celebrate my birthday, man!"
"Lindy's? Why are we going to Lindy's?"
"'Cause that's where I wanna go, baby. They have the best pool tables around."
"But that's way out in the middle of nowhere, halfway between here and Colorado Springs! I'd rather go there when the weather's warmer..."
"Aw, come on, baby, it'll be so lonely there without you."
"You'd go anyway, without me?"
"The plans have been made, baby. The whole gang's gonna be there. We can't change the plans now."
"The Iron Cross Club hangs out there..."
"Hey, it's my birthday! I'll buy 'em all drinks and we'll all sing a round of Happy Birthday to me. We'll all be pals tonight. Okay?"
Twilight nodded slowly. "Okay," she said reluctantly.
Smitty clapped his hands. "That's my girl!" He hugged her and gave her a big kiss on the cheek. "C'mon, let's go over to Herc's house."
Twilight shook her head. "No, you go, I'll stay here. Besides, I've got to hurry and make dinner. The others will...Oh God, it's Angie..."
"Huh?"
There was a loud knock and then the front door opened. Angie walked in easily as if this were her home, her cheeks flushed, as if she had just run a few miles. "Hi you guys, how's it goin'?."
"Hi..." Twilight said warily.
"Hey, Angie, what's happenin'?"
Angie's hair was still tangled in streaks. She brushed it back and her eyes met Twilight's. "I came over to apologize to Twilight," she said. "Herc and I were going pretty strong there. We didn't mean to ignore you. I hope you weren't insulted."
Twilight shook her head. "I understand..." She stared back at her, and was relieved to see that Angie's eyes looked normal again. In fact, she looked completely at ease. Twilight felt a bit unsettled at this.
Smitty laughed aloud, but Twilight knew it was forced. "Hey, that kinda thing happens all the time around here, don't it baby?"
Twilight managed a feeble smile. "Yeah, all the time. Nobody cares..."
"Good," Angie said with a smile that to Twilight also seemed forced, "We got your note about dinner. I'll definitely be over. But Herc's not up for it. He wants to sleep for a while."
Twilight stared at her blankly. Smitty nodded and said, "Oh...yeah?" 
"Yeah...he's not feeling very hungry right now. He's still a little weak from a cold or something."
"That's a real drag," Smitty said.
"Yeah, it is. I keep telling him to dress warmer, but he doesn't listen to me." She smiled apologetically. 
"I suppose," Smitty said with a touch of sarcasm, "he don't wanna go to Lindy's and play pool either."
Angie nodded. "Yes...he does. We'll meet you there later." She smiled and turned to leave.
"Hey Angie," Smitty said. Angie stopped and looked back at him. In the shadowy light, Twilight thought, Angie's eyes seemed to resemble the vacant black orbs of a serpent. "Hmm?" Angie said after a few moments.
Smitty frowned. He wasn't thinking at all about serpents. He was pissed that Herc wasn't going to be here. "Nothin', never mind...Tell the son of a bitch he's missin' a damn good dinner." 
#

17

Blacky's Vision 

Its all made up shit

The sun had sunk low behind the mountains. Pike's Peak was in shadow, a majestic silhouette pointing upward to the sky. The entire range was cast in black, contrasted with the pink and fiery red sky starting to deepen in color as the sun went further down. Blacky watched the sight from inside Johnny's van as they drove down Interstate 25 toward Pueblo. He watched in silence and kept his face turned to the landscape. He did not want to talk to Johnny. He was stuck alone with him for the ride, thanks to Jake. Johnny was being a supreme asshole tonight, and it was amplified by the skunk weed he was smoking.
They had all planned on driving up to Lindy's Roadhouse together in Johnny's van. Blacky had shown up at Johnny's, ready to go, when Jake had called, having to cancel at the last moment. For a half hour Johnny was irresolute about going, and Blacky knew it was because he did not want to make the drive alone with him. Johnny did not like him; he did not trust him because of the stolen van episode. Blacky knew it, he could not change it, and it angered him that Johnny apparently meant to keep shoving this in his face, even after all this time.
Blacky offered to back out, or else drive his old pickup out there and let Johnny go separately. Blacky thought this would be the smartest thing to do under the circumstances, especially inasmuch as he wanted to see the famous Lindy's Roadhouse and was now looking old enough to get in without being carded (even if he wasn't technically old enough yet), but as he was about to leave, Johnny finally stopped vacillating and agreed to drive together, reasoning to himself that backing out in front of the "squirt" would not be good for his image in the long run. So now here they were, driving out together, though miserable in each other's company. Johnny sedated his hard feelings with pot; Blacky stared out the window at the passing landscape with his boots propped up on the dash. Neither tried very hard to talk to the other for the first half hour except occasionally.
Blacky groaned inwardly, not knowing why he had agreed to come along tonight in the first place. There was no big mystique about seeing a bunch of groady-looking bikers hanging out at a shot and a beer joint. But at least it was something to do. It would be good to hear some music tonight. Anything was better than staying home with his father. Since his arrival, a cloud of static hovered between them. Luis was being silent and uncommunicative, and going out tonight, going anywhere, was what he needed to get his father off his mind. He would have preferred Jake's company; Jake was funny, and had always liked him, even though he often made fun of Blacky in a good way. Johnny made fun of him too, but with Johnny there was always some serious tone to it. You never knew if he was kidding or not. In spite of it all, Blacky still liked Johnny. He was a good musician, he was trustworthy to his friends. And he had a certain cool. Maybe a bit too cool and distant. But he did not get riled easily. This was a quality about him that Blacky liked. He wished the feeling were mutual. Perhaps this trip to Lindy's tonight would help make them better friends. 
He had always heard that it was a rough place. Lindy's was a dive according to several musicians who had played there, including Johnny and Jake. It was a large place, but it was still a dive. The place was dirty and in Jake's words "smelled worse than a bus station pisser in July." In spite of that it was one of the more popular places around, because many local top bands played there. And because it was well out of the way, cops hardly ever ventured out there; it was too much trouble to police it. So it had become a drug haven and party town, primarily for rivaling biker gangs, and select weekend warriors, usually from Pueblo, who were brave enough to enter.
He felt Johnny nudge him on the shoulder and turned to look at him. Johnny signaled him to remove his boots from the dash. Blacky complied, smiling sardonically. Johnny offered him some of the joint he smoked. Blacky shook his head. "I'm trying to keep this van clean," Johnny said, "I don't want any footprints on the dash. OK?"
"OK. Sorry."
"You sure you don't want some of this?"
"I'm sure."
Johnny gave him a queer look. "So you don't smoke anymore?"
Blacky continued staring out the window. "No, not anymore."
Johnny nodded to himself. "That's cool. Keeps you out of trouble, I guess."
Blacky looked at him. "No, dude, jail keeps you out of trouble."
Johnny laughed. "Hey, it's not like you were in prison or anything. It was a juvenile-detention-home-for-young-boys." He accented the last three words. 
"Man, it was jail to me. Anyplace where they lock you up and tell you you can't leave is jail to me!"
"If you say so, kid."
Blacky gave him an indignant look. "You ever been in jail, man?"
Johnny nodded. "Yeah, once, overnight. For being drunk and disorderly."
"So one night in jail makes you an expert?"
Johnny shrugged. "I didn't say I was an expert."
Blacky was quiet and stared out at the sky again. After a while, Johnny said, "So is that the reason you don't smoke anymore?"
Blacky looked at him again. "No, that's not the reason."
"So what's the reason?"
"How about cracking your window open a bit? It's getting too smoky in here." Johnny obliged and the smoke in the cab whoosed out the window. In spite of it, Blacky was starting to feel some effects from the smoke. "It has to do more with my medicine training," Blacky said, "I don't want to get high because it takes me out of the present moment."
Johnny grinned. "That's exactly why I like to get high, man. Sometimes I don't feel like staying in the present moment. Sometimes I can get along better with the world when I'm good and stoned."
"I used to think so too. Not anymore."
"You used to get high a lot as I recall."
"Yeah. A lot."
"I thought all Indians liked to get high." Johnny smirked.
Blacky returned a sarcastic look. "All Indians? What do you mean all Indians?"
Johnny shrugged. "Just a figure of speech. I ain't talking about all Indians..."
"Then don't say all Indians. What if I said to you 'all white men like to shoot junk?"
"It doesn't work. I can't get an image of all white men doing that."
"But you can get an image of all Indians getting high?"
"Well, no not all of them. But I get an image of Indians drinking firewater and going nuts, like you see in some western movies."
Blacky started to fume. "I get pissed off when I hear that shit, man! Western movies don't describe real Indian life any more than they describe white people's lives. It's all made up shit! Made up by white people!"
Johnny put up a defensive hand. "Okay, okay. No need to get bent outta shape about it."
"I'm not bent outta shape, man! I'm just standing up for myself. I'm an Indian, a Native American, an indigenous authentic American who was born in this land, and I don't like the bullshit I'm hearing from you. You're the one who's bent outta shape, not me! You're the one carrying around twisted notions like all Indians get high. Well I'm a full blooded Navajo, dude, and getting high is not what I'm about! It doesn't describe me, and it doesn't describe most of the people I know on the reservation. and it doesn't describe any of my ancestors that I know about, except... "
Blacky stopped and caught his breath. Except my father, he thought. Johnny stared at him for a few moments and then turned his attention back to the road. His joint had gone out and he relit it. He smoked the rest of it in awkward silence. For the next few minutes neither said a word. Blacky turned his gaze to the sky again, and though he marveled at the spectacular redness of the clouds above, he brooded. He turned back to Johnny. "Can we stop for a moment?" 
Johnny regarded him dubiously, then shrugged, not wanting to argue. He began braking and pulled onto the shoulder. When they were stopped Blacky got out and walked back several paces into adjoining terrain. At first he walked along quickly, with some anger, keeping his gaze intently down to the ground, thinking about what had transpired in the van with Johnny. He had never told him off like that before. In fact, he had never told anyone off like that. It was the first time that he had stuck up for his people in this way, to a white man. He was breathing heavily, and feeling angry at himself for losing his temper. But he was also feeling exhilarated. He could feel adrenaline racing through his blood. 
He began to walk more slowly now, looking up at the sky constantly, mesmerized by its brilliance. The vastness of the clouds and the intensity of the color was an awesome sight. Beholding the sky, he felt the nearness of his grandfather and it was comforting. There was a warmth around him and it went straight to his heart. As he continued to embrace the sky with his eyes, a tear rolled down one cheek. The air smelled clean. "Thank you grandfather," he said.
He felt Johnny's presence coming up behind him and stop a few yards away. "Blacky, you okay?" he said.
"Yeah, I'm fine. I just needed to get out for a minute."
Johnny came closer. He was looking red eye stoned. "I want you to know I didn't mean to insult you or your people back there."
Blacky took a couple of steps closer to him and gave him a cold hardened look. "Whether you meant it or not, you did."
Johnny looked down at the ground, then conceded with a nod. "I'm sorry."
Blacky's expression softened somewhat. Still, he gave no reply but walked past him, heading back toward the van. As he walked, again his gaze was attracted skyward, and he now noticed a curious shift in the sky. The reddish color was deeper, but less vibrant, more sickly-looking. Where a few minutes ago the sight of the sunset had left a warm impression, now he felt a coldness emanating from above. He could no longer sense the presence of his grandfather. In his place he now sensed many spirits, swirling about restlessly. In the distance he could hear crying and moaning, the wailing of spirits who have left the earth, and yet have not crossed over to their ancestors. Together they sounded a chorus of voices, not in unison, but in a multitudinous, chaotic blending of voices, like hundreds of people trying to talk at once, each one striving to be heard above the others.
And then instantly he felt the coldness reach down (like a long finger) and swirl around him, manhandling his face and his body roughly, raising the dust around him in a small tornado, then quickly rebound upward as if it were a finger repelled by a scorching flame. The shapes of the clouds became as figures, an immense army of figures, blood red in color, watching him expectantly, looking ready to leap down from the sky upon him, yet each one held back by some unknown chain or boundary. He could almost feel the burning hot breath of each one of them, stifling his own. He struggled to get air but the strange mixture of cold and heat choked him. His hand went to his medicine pouch which he wore around his neck. "Grandfather," he said, "help me! All my grandfathers, give me strength!"
He felt himself go limp and crumpled to the ground. The next thing he saw was Johnny bent over him. "Blacky! Hey Blacky! You okay? Jesus! You just about gave me a heart attack. Are you okay?"
Blacky sat up and looked around him. The feeling was gone. The sky was still red, but less so. Darkness was setting in. He examined himself and discovered he felt fine, nothing at all out of the ordinary. "Yeah," he said, "I'm okay."
Johnny looked skeptical. "That was really weird, man. Either I'm really stoned or I saw a goddam dust devil come down from the sky and lift you off the ground a couple of inches! Then you fell to the ground like a ton of bricks! What the hell happened to you?" Johnny had a worried tone in his voice.
Blacky felt reluctant to tell him of the vision. "I don't know. I just felt faint. I didn't have much to eat today. That's probably it."
Johnny was still skeptical. "Did I just see what I thought I saw?"
Blacky extended his hand and said, "Help me up." Johnny complied. Blacky brushed himself off and looked at Johnny. "No man. You're stoned, that's all. Let's move on, huh?"
As they drove on and Blacky contemplated the vision he had experienced, he felt anxiety growing within him. He did not know what the vision meant. It was frustrating to feel that something was going to happen, and then to not know what it was. But it seemed clear that he must be on his guard tonight. He decided he would drink no alcohol. Tonight he must stay alert. 
#
18

Lindy's Roadhouse 

If you played there, you were somebody

By the time they turned off the highway it was fully dark, with traces of gold and orange streaks remaining in the western night sky. They drove west toward the foothills for several miles and eventually came to a gravel road with an obscure arrow sign pointing the way to Lindy's Roadhouse. They turned onto it and drove for half a mile through a heavily wooded area. Then through the trees they could see the lights from the bar. They came into a clearing in front of the building. There were only a few cars so far, but quite a few motorcycles. "All Harleys," Blacky observed with a laugh, "That figures. I've never seen so many at once!"
"You wait," Johnny said, "There'll be plenty more out here in a couple of hours."
The building was large, square shaped with no additions, with old dark brown wood siding, board and batten style, with several battens loose or missing, a steep pitched roof, and a red neon sign in one of the front windows which blazed "Lindy's Roadhouse" into the darkness of the surrounding forest. Even now loud jukebox music could be heard emanating from the building.
Johnny swung his van into a parking space, intentionally far away from the bikes. He grabbed the Manitou Ranger3's demo tape and stuck it in his coat pocket. As he jumped down from the vehicle a fat biker in long black greasy hair stepped outside the bar. He was dressed in biker garb, jeans, black boots, black leather vest, and a heavy duty long key chain dangling at his side. With a cigarette dangling from his fat bearded lips, and a beer in his hand, he stepped around the side of the building to piss. "That's Sumo," Johnny said, "He's a member of the 'Iron Cross Outlaws'. His real name is Nick, and if you end up talking to him, don't call him Sumo, whatever you do. Only his Outlaw buddies can call him that. He'll pound the shit out of anyone else." 
"Got it. Stay away from Sumo," Blacky said warily.
"He's fat, but he's as strong as a team of horses. I've seen him lift one end of a pool table without so much as a grunt. Sometimes you put money in the tables and all the balls don't come out, so he'll raise the table up about a foot off the floor and let it down hard enough to jar the balls loose, and believe me, when he does it they come out every time."
Blacky observed the largeness of the man. "I believe you," he said.
They went in. The bar, like the building, was square shaped, and good sized. It usually accommodated a large crowd. There were not many people now, but in an hour or two the place would be packed, after the band started playing. Many of the Iron Cross Outlaws were here; most of them were playing pool or sitting at the bar.
Johnny went to the bar, Blacky followed him, and a long legged woman with thick red hair came dancing down the catwalk to greet them. "Hey Cindy!" he said, "How's my gal?" They gave each other high fives. "How's it hangin' toots?" she answered.
"Loose and comfy! I can't give my best unless he's got... room to move," he said. 
Cindy laughed. "Okay! Jon Mayall move over!"
"I want you to meet Blacky. He's played with the Rangers a little."
"Blacky, huh? Okay! I like that handle."
"Thanks," Blacky said, "Nice to meet you, Cindy."
"Bottle 'o beer, baby?" she said to Johnny.
"Yeah, the usual." 
"How about you, handsome?" she said to Blacky.
Blacky smiled with some embarrassment. "I'll have a 7 up."
"Okay! You got it!" She danced down the bar in time with the music to get the beer and Johnny watched her shapely butt as she strutted. She was very plain looking, but her body was lean and sexy. He often wondered if her tits were as firm as they looked beneath the tight sweaters she usually wore. He often wanted to spend a night with her to find out, but he could never get up the nerve to hit on her, because he knew it would be for sex only.
"You attracted to this girl?" Blacky asked.
Johnny lit a cigarette. "Oh I don't know. She's got a great looking body. But she's kinda ugly, if you ask me. She's pretty tough, though. I've seen her throw out some pretty tough customers."
Blacky jerked his head in surprise. "Ugly?" He glanced at Cindy. "Man, ugly is a strong word, Johnny. She's a fox, if you ask me."
"No way."
"Yes way."
"Now fox is a strong word," Johnny said, "You need your eyes checked."
"Okay, maybe she isn't as pretty as Brigitte Fonda but she's got her own beauty. I'd be proud to be with someone like that."
"Ah what do you know? You're an Indian. All you Indians wanna do is get laid by a white woman."
Blacky cracked up, and then Johnny laughed also. "Hey man," Blacky said, "Tell me white men don't want to screw an Indian woman."
"Only when they're young, pal. I've seen Indian women when they're older."
"Yeah? I've seen plenty of old white women too," Blacky retorted, "They got saggy tits and no movement. Indian woman is still strong. Still got the moves." They both laughed.
"Like you should know, right?" Johnny said.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Blacky said.
Johnny shrugged. "You're still young. Have you ever been laid?"
Blacky looked around then shrugged. "Sure I have."
Johnny snickered. "I mean besides in the home for boys."
"Funny man," Blacky said, "Sure. I've been laid."
Johnny stared down the bar at Cindy and nodded in reply, dragging on his cigarette.
As she brought his beer back to him, he thought, I don't know, Johnny, maybe Blacky is right. Ugly is a pretty strong word. Plain is more like it. 
He fantasized about her body once again, and wondered if he should try asking her out sometime. She did like him; he knew that. She liked his business, anyway. Beyond that he wasn't sure.
"Thanks Cindy. Is Lindy around?"
"You just missed him, toots."
Johnny pounded on the bar. "Damn! Are you kiddin' me?"
Cindy shook her head. "I don't kid around, handsome, you know that."
"When's he comin' back?"
Cindy shrugged. "Maybe a half hour; maybe a couple hours. He had to run home, he said. But I don't think he's with his wife. He probably went to screw his girl friend."
Johnny threw up his arms and let them flop on the bar. "Goddamit..." he said in disgust.
"What's the big deal?" 
"Aw, I brought a tape of my band in for him to listen to. I've been tryin' to get the Rangers in here for a long time, but I've never been able to get Lindy to listen to us. So tonight on the phone he said he'd listen to a tape if I sent him one. I told him I'd bring him one personally. He said 'Good, I'll be here all night. All night, mind you. And is he here? No." 
Cindy smiled sympathetically. "As usual, he's a dickhead. He never does what he says he's gonna do. You might as well know that about him right now. Here, gimme your tape. I'll make sure he gets it."
Johnny gave it to her. "Thanks. I was just hoping he'd listen to it here and now so I could get a more immediate answer."
Cindy briefly read the contents of the tape. "You guys are good; I've heard you up north."
"Thanks."
"Tell you what I'll do, toots. I can't hire or fire in this dump, but I sure as hell can play whatever I damn well please whenever I want. I'll just go put this baby on right now." She gave him a smile and walked down the bar. "By the way," she added, "if you're still here when he comes back, tell him his new cowboy boots look great." She gave him a wink. 
"Hey, I will. Thanks, Cindy! You're all right!" Watching her walk made him reconsider her charms once again. And when she bent over to put the tape in, he felt a slight throbbing in his loins. "Man," Blacky said with a laugh, "I can't believe it! All you got on your mind is getting your dick wet in this babe."
Johnny felt miffed by this remark. "How the hell do you know what's on my mind, squirt?"
Blacky gave him a back handed slap on the shoulder. "Don't call me that," he said.
Johnny looked at him wide eyed. "What?"
"I said don't call me that!" Blacky said in earnest. "You can call me Blacky, or call me Joseph Blackfeather. But don't ever call me squirt again. I'll kick your ass, man!"
Johnny stared at him for a moment, then grinned at him. "Right, partner. You're gonna kick my ass."
Blacky grabbed his arm. "I'll kick your ass all night if I have to! I'm not the same dude you knew three years ago, and I don't give a shit how you feel about me or any other Indian, but goddamit, you call me by my fucking name, Johnny."
Johnny continued to stare at him uncertainly. "And what if I don't?"
"Why do you even ask?" Blacky said, "You testing me?" 
The Rangers started to play over an exceptionally good sound system. Johnny felt very pleased with that. Cindy came dancing down. "Another beer, toots?" Cindy asked.
"Sure." Johnny said. 
She brought him one and ignored his money. She went to wait on someone else, and Johnny watched her lovely butt once again. The skunk weed was kicking in. Careful Johnny, he thought, don't start what you're not willing to finish. He turned to Blacky again. "Okay, squirt. There, you win! That's the last time you'll ever hear me call you squirt! From now on, it's Blacky. Okay? Blacky?"
Blacky glared at him for a few moments. He could see that Johnny was high, and getting higher by the moment. "Why don't you fuck off, man?" He got up.
"Where you goin'?"
"Outside," Blacky said. 
"Fine!" Johnny said sarcastically, "Don't steal my van!"
"Don't worry!" Blacky said walking toward the door.
Johnny sat there sulking, listening to the music he and his band had taped at Acme Studios only two months before. It had been a good session. The tunes were smooth, tight. The band was getting better and better. He felt certain Lindy would hire them this time. Lindy's was only a road house dive, to be sure, but it was a prestigious place to play among local band circles. If you played there, you were somebody. The money wasn't even that good. But sometimes, Johnny thought, the money didn't make any difference at all.
He turned his seat around to survey the room. There were a few couples at tables. Johnny noticed with some personal pleasure that some were tapping their feet to the music. He turned his attention to the front door and suddenly felt badly about pissing off Blacky. He wasn't sure why he'd reacted the way he had. Blacky was okay. He'd grown up. So why couldn't he treat him right? Well, he'd be back, and then they'd smooth it out. What the hell. Blacky wasn't so bad. And he had balls, that was for sure. Johnny could kick his ass in all four corners of the bar, but Blacky didn't care. He liked that. Blacky was okay.
He checked out the bikers. The usual Outlaws were here, about ten all together. Johnny didn't know how many were in that gang, but he had heard about forty or so. Most of the ten were huddled around the three pool tables. Sumo had joined them, and he was lining up a shot, his huge belly laying on the table like a platter of gelatin.
Johnny left his seat and walked toward the dance floor. The stage came into view, and he saw the band setting up for the night's gig. He didn't recognize any of them. Must be a new band, he thought. He envied them, because they were playing here, and the Rangers weren't. He walked up to the stage and talked with a couple of the players for a few minutes. They seemed friendly enough at first, but when he told them he was also a musician, they became reticent, so he went back to his bar stool. Funny about some musicians, he thought. Sometimes you'd think musicians were all one happy family. After all, we're all out to do the same thing, entertain people, make people feel good, right?
He snorted a laugh to himself. Wrong! We're all out to make money, as much as we can. Other musicians represent competition, not comeraderie. There are already too many damn musicians. Maybe these guys'll have an accident and blow up on stage. Then there'll be a vacancy for the Rangers.
He finished his beer and ordered another from Cindy. Well, he thought, I'll stick around. Maybe they're a good band. Besides, who knows what the night will bring?
The band started about an hour later. In that time the bar filled up considerably. Johnny sat at the bar for a while and talked with Cindy and a couple of bikers who had come in, from the Friends of the Devil. They recognized Johnny from his band, and they all did shots of tequila together, then played some pool. The Friends and the Iron Cross Outlaws eyed each other warily as usual, and they traded a few joking insults across the tables, but nothing that provoked any angry outbursts, much to Johnny's relief. He did not want to get caught between swinging cue sticks.
About halfway through the band's first set, during a lull between songs, Johnny heard a distant roaring noise. At first it sounded oddly like a train engine headed for the bar, or even a plane. The others around the tables noticed it too, and they all cast their eyes toward the door. After a few moments Johnny realized he was hearing a convoy of motorcycles in the parking lot. They were all revving their engines almost to breaking point. Now the audience noticed as well, and several heads turned toward the parking lot.
The band members looked a bit flustered, not knowing if they should start the next song or wait for the commotion to die down. But the noise did not last long. The engines shut down, and the band quickly started up again.
Johnny looked toward the door. Soon a bunch of the Friends wandered in. He knew most of them by face, some of them by name. He knew Ozzie, the one he'd been playing pool with, but not his comrade. He saw Smitty come in with Twilight. He knew both of them. Twilight was well under age, he was aware, but she always managed to get into bars easily enough.
Smitty and Twilight and another couple headed straight for the dance floor. The others went to the bar.
Ozzie leaned over to Johnny. "It's Smitty's birthday party tonight," he said, lining up a three ball shot.
"Yeah? No kiddin?" Johnny said. He watched Smitty and Twilight for a moment. They were both laughing. Smitty looked like he was having a ball. He looked pretty drunk too. Johnny was feeling the same way.
Ozzie sank the three ball easily, then went for the eight ball. He got it and the game was over. Johnny smiled. "Good game, Ozzie, I guess it's Doc's turn now."
"Yup, guess so, dude," Ozzie said with a shrug that said I-was-bound-to-win-anyway. Doc, tall and heavy set, began racking up the balls for a new game. Johnny picked up his beer and said, "Well I guess I'll head over to the bar."
There were now enough people in the place that he had to make his way through the crowd. As he did, he heard the roar from another motorcycle in the lot, newly arrived. He reached the bar and summoned Cindy for another beer. She signaled that she'd be there in a moment. 
The front door opened, and Johnny looked to see who it was. It was a biker couple, Friends, he figured from the club colors he saw. At first he didn't recognize either of them. He thought he knew the tall guy, but he wasn't sure. As they came closer to passing him, he suddenly recognized the tall one as Herc. Only he didn't look like Herc, not the Herc that Johnny remembered, except that he was still tall. This man was too lean to be Herc. He looked downright skinny. His face...
Johnny couldn't believe his eyes when Herc took his hat off. His face was gaunt, like someone who has been starved for a while, or someone who's been sick. Like someone with AIDS, or cancer of the something-or-other. "Christ!" he said softly to himself, "That can't be Herc..."
But it was. Up close there was no doubt about it. And the girl with him looked strangely familiar... Where had he seen her before?
Johnny might have made the connection had he thought about it a few more minutes. But at that moment Lindy walked in the door. He was a short, portly man with dark hair and a goatee. He dressed in leather as if he were an old biker. Though he was small, he was exceptionally strong. He quickly cut a path through the crowd with two cases of liquor bottles, one on each shoulder. He went behind the bar and set them down. When Johnny saw him, at once he forgot all about Herc and the girl. He spent the next ten minutes trying to get Lindy's attention. When he finally did, he was relieved to know that Lindy remembered him, and even apologized for being late. "I had to go pick up some booze," he said, lighting a cigar, Johnny nodded and said that was all right, and that his cowboy boots looked great (he remembered, however, that Cindy had once told him that whenever Lindy came back to the bar with a case of booze on his shoulder it meant he was coming from his girl friend's house. The booze was a convenient excuse for being gone in case his wife showed up). 
Lindy said he would take Johnny back to the office when he had time, and they would listen to his tape and talk. "Meanwhile," he said, "have a couple of beers on me."
Johnny said thanks, though he was already feeling on the tipsy side. Lindy disappeared for a while, and it was about a half hour later that they finally went to talk business in Lindy's office.
#
19

Lindy's Roadhouse - Blacky

A powderkeg ready to blow

Outside in the parking lot, Blacky grumbled to himself. He leaned against Johnny's van and stared broodingly at the ground. He turned his attention to the sky. There were no stars tonight; the clouds were low. He breathed deeply, trying to vent the anger he was feeling toward Johnny. He felt like kicking in a few of his windows, and maybe a few of his teeth also. It would serve the son of a bitch right...
He walked back and sat on the porch railing, leaning his back against a post. Through the window he could see people dancing to the band. He could see Johnny playing pool with some of the bikers.
In the distance he heard motorcycles approaching. The thunder became louder and he saw several headlights down the road. They roared in, several of them, each bearing two riders, pulling up to the building in precision. When they were all lined up the engines roared louder and then stopped simultaneously. Blacky watched them dismount and straggle into the bar. He caught the eye of a young girl with curly hair; someone called her Twilight. She looked at him as she passed. He waved at her and she waved back. Her boyfriend eyed him curiously and gave him a cautious nod, then followed her into the bar, not waiting for a reply. 
Again he breathed deeply, slowly, allowing the abrasive feeling to be there, but also allowing it to float away, as if he were opening a window to let the stale air out. It helped, and he began to walk around the parking lot again, listening to the music echoing through the air. He felt calmer being outside, away from Johnny and the others in the bar. Perhaps he should stay outside; inside there was too much chaos. The image that kept coming to him was a powderkeg ready to blow. That seemed to be the norm for this place. If that was true, he was sorry he came. He wished he'd brought his truck. But he was here now, and there was nothing to do but accept it. He would go inside eventually. Maybe Johnny would be ready to leave soon. But for now he would stay outside where it was more comfortable, and explore some of the woods surrounding the place.
He found a path leading uphill. He decided to follow it and soon found himself further away from the lights of the bar, surrounded by pines and aspens. The further he walked the more peaceful he began to feel. He chose a tree stump to sit on and silently observed his surroundings. It was dark but he could make out the silhouettes of trees and brush around him. The cloud cover reflected the distant lights of Pueblo to the south and Canon City to the west. He closed his eyes and heard the sounds of creatures in the night, chipmunks scurrying, raccoons and possums, and not too distant, a herd of elk scrounging further uphill. A hoot owl called out somewhere in back of him. He answered him aloud and waited for a reply. None came immediately.
The wind picked up and swirled about the tops of the pines. He looked up and watched the tips bend in the sky and listened to the bristling of the branches. He pulled his coat tighter and ignored the chill in the air. He closed his eyes and listened to the wind, felt his long hair blowing across his face. 
Something peculiar was happening. He felt himself gradually floating away, further away from this place. He heard the distant sounds of the music diminishing even further and he had a definite sensation of movement, yet he felt if he opened his eyes he would find himself still sitting on the stump. It was not an unpleasant sensation, but recalling the experience on the road at sunset gave him a disconcerted feeling that some ominous force might be at work. He was reluctant to open his eyes at first, because so far the feeling was essentially agreeable. But after a period of time, he didn't know how long, it became more uncomfortable, and like before, he had the distinct feeling that he was surrounded by spirits trying to move in on him, to crowd around him in a suffocating manner...
He blinked his eyes open with a start. He still sat on the stump; nothing around him seemed different. He sat quietly looking around him. And then he froze.
Several yards away a dark figure stood on the path, staring at him. 
He squinted his eyes, trying to make out the face. It appeared to be an older Indian man, dressed in traditional Navajo garb, a loose-fitting white shirt and pants that were wrapped around the ankles and mid calf by a darker, leathery material. He wore a wide head band around his forehead. His face bore a familiar resemblance even in the dark.
Blacky stood up. "Grandfather?" he said, approaching slowly. The figure was silent and motionless, and blended in so well with the darkness and the surroundings that Blacky thought he might have mistaken a tree trunk for the figure. But as he drew closer the figure extended an upraised hand, his face still mostly in darkness, and Blacky stopped. Then he heard a voice from the figure, or was it from his head, saying "This is a place of death. There is little time. Make a sacred place. Build a medicine wheel. Protect yourself. Do it now..."
The figure vanished, leaving Blacky trembling and wide-eyed.
#
20 

Lindy's Roadhouse  The Iron Cross Outlaws

One big happy family

The self appointed leader of the Iron Cross Outlaws was Sal Rodrigez, a Chicano who was extremely mean spirited and, so some said, quite ugly. He had beady looking eyes which were too small for a face as round and pock marked as his. His upper lip had been grossly slashed in a knife fight years ago, and even though it had been stitched, it hadn't healed quite right. As a result, part of his lip scar pulled upward to the side, giving Sal an eternal sneer, as if he had some secret he was smiling about.
He sat next to the pool tables with his girl Wanda, and other men and women from their club. Wanda was half on his lap, fondling one of his inner thighs as they watched the games. He liked her because she was blonde and had large tits. She was also hefty and strong, and could knock an average man on his butt with her fists. In matters of bedtime activity, Sal dubbed her the "Queen of Suck." 
When the Friends came in he pretended to take little notice of them, but in actuality he felt tension streaking throughout the room. All of them did. The Friends dispersed themselves throughout the room soon after they entered. Many of them headed for the pool tables to stack their quarters for the next games. Friends and Iron Cross greeted each other with a certain degree of mutual respect, like old bar acquaintances, but behind the facade of camaraderie was an inbred wariness that came as naturally as a wolf and a coyote in a standoff for a rabbit.
The tension gradually melted by degrees as the two clubs showed off their pool skills in playing each other. Jokes and insults alike flew across the tables as the quarters stacked, and one game was quickly won and one player substituted for another. In pool, the name of the game here was straight-in Eight Ball, a standard bar game, King of the Hill style. The winner could hold the table for as long as he kept on winning. One of the Iron Cross boys, Scratch, made his break, then proceeded to down all the striped balls, the "big ones," in a row, then finally the eight ball, thereby winning the game before his opponent had gotten off even one shot at a ball. Ozzie, another good player, was doing similarly on his table, not quite so dramatically, but winning nonetheless. Sumo was holding the third table.
Thus it went for a while, and Sal relaxed. Nothing to worry about from these dudes, he thought. Tonight we're all one big happy family.
On the floor, Twilight was slow dancing with Smitty. It was nice, she thought, but she was wishing she hadn't come. She had been feeling a bit nauseous and was still cold from the long ride out here. Even some fast dancing had not relieved her shivering, although now it was not as bad. Smitty was warm, and for a few moments, as she swayed to the music with his arms around her, she experienced a blissful, albeit brief, feeling of romance. This surprised her. In her relationship with Smitty romance was an intermittent happening. She always felt secure with him, and she liked his optimism. But there was a part of him that always remained distant and cold. He didn't like her getting too close, unless he was the one initiating it.
They're all like that, she thought. That's what draws them to each other in the first place. 
When the slow song ended she was actually smiling. They stood there for a few seconds hugging each other. But it was a short lived feeling. Suddenly her nausea resurged, and worse than before. She knew why too. It was because of a strong feeling she had just received.
Herc and Angie have arrived.
Sure enough, moments later, she heard the sound of Herc's Harley in the parking lot. When they walked in, the band had started playing again. Smitty beamed. "Hey, baby, look who just came in. It's Angie and Herc." She saw his smile suddenly disappear and she turned around and felt herself emit a gasp at the sight of Herc, whom she had not seen in at least a month.
"God," Smitty said in her ear above the music, "he really looks like shit."
Twilight was equally shocked. Except for his height, she thought, Herc did not look like the same person. He was skinny, pale, gaunt, as if he had eaten only bread and water for several weeks. His face still looked mean and hard, as always, but now there was a new look in his eyes. There was a lackluster quality to them. And something else, Twilight thought. Something in his movements. What was it? A sort of...apathy? As if his will were not his own?
Even in this dark lighting, she could tell his hair was grayer, and much thinner than it had been.
"I can't believe it's only been a few weeks since I've seen this guy," Smitty said in disbelief, "What the hell did he do to himself?"
What has she done to him? Twilight thought. 
Angie and Herc sat at the bar. Smitty said, "C'mon, baby, let's go say hi."
Twilight felt her nausea getting worse. "I"ll be there in a minute," she said, "I have to go to the john."
Smitty made his way to the bar. What the hell do I say to him, he thought. Do I pretend like nothing's wrong? 
He decided this was the best approach. "Hey! How's it goin' dudes?" he said in his best jovial voice. 
Angie gave him a quick smile and a nod. "Hi Smitty," she said.
"'Lo Smitty," Herc said with a slight nod, "how's it goin'?"
They shook hands and Smitty clapped him on the back. "Herc, my man! I ain't seen you in a while, dude. Too long!"
"Too long," Herc agreed.
"You see?" Angie said, "We made it."
"That's right. You made it. Cool."
There was a brief silence, awkward for Smitty, and he decided to simply let the axe fall. "Hey man, you don't look so hot. You been feelin' okay?"
Herc shrugged. "I been tired, man, that's all. I feel better than I look..." His face took on a slight grin, "I can still take anyone in this bar." For a moment Smitty saw a bit of the old Herc. He laughed, even as he doubted it. "You bet your ass you can! Lemme buy you a drink, motherfucker. C'mon, let's get wasted. It's my birthday."
"That's right," Herc said, as if he had just remembered his name, "It's your birthday..."
Angie had seen Twilight go into the washroom. She lit a cigarette and got off her stool, then gave Herc a kiss on the cheek. "Back in a minute," she said.
#
21

Lindy's Roadhouse  Twilight in the Bathroom

Too young for this joint

Twilight thought she was going to vomit, but she did not.  She gagged a few times, then flushed the toilet and came out of the stall. Two women were talking at the sink. They were Iron Cross women. When they heard Twilight gagging they laughed. Twilight didn't care. She just wanted to feel better and leave. She went to the sink and washed her face. She closed her eyes and tried to force herself to feel better. Why did I come out here tonight?  She felt dizzy with her eyes closed, so she splashed some more cold water on her face. 'Cause of Smitty's party, that's why. 'Cause if you'd stayed home you wouldn't be able to sleep...
The party had gone well enough. Smitty was quite pleased, and everyone had fun, even Twilight. But she had said little to Angie, who saw there was a distance between them which she might not be able to close. Twilight had not been able to dismiss the earlier incident at Herc's house from her mind. The voices she had heard were still there, echoing through the canyons somewhere inside her head. She had heard no new voices since the incident, but the memory seemed worse than the actual presence. The memory of seeing Angie's eyes made her shiver again.
In the mirror she saw the two girls smoking cigarettes and watching her. "'Smatter, honey, too much to drink?" one of them, a blonde, offered in a compassionate voice. Twilight knew it was intended as sarcasm, not compassion.
"Here," the other one said, "have a cigarette." She offered the pack, but her friend stopped her.
"Can't you see she's too young to smoke?" They both laughed.
"Hey how old are you anyway, honeychile?"
Twilight looked down into the sink and didn't answer. The blonde grabbed her chin firmly and turned her face to face. "Answer your elders, dearie."
"Steffie, don't you think Bambie's a little too young for this joint?"
The blonded smirked. "She's too young for those Devil heads too. How old are you, Bambi dear?"
She squeezed her chin a little harder, and Twilight winced until she finally yanked the girl's hand away. "Fuck off, bitch!" Twilight said.
The girls were momentarily surprised, then laughed. "Wow!" the blonde one said, "Bambi speaks! Did you hear that?"
"I heard it," a voice said behind them. Angie stepped in and glanced at Steffie, then the other girl.
They all stood there for a few moments in a timeless space, Adrenaline pumping, feeling each other out, the blonde and her brunette friend staring back at Angie with cynical smiles on their faces, fairly certain they could take her if they had to. "So do as she says," Angie said, "and go fuck off..."
The blonde took a step toward Angie, determined to break her nose if she could. "Listen you asshole bitch..." she started.    
Angie's response was much quicker. Her left hand shot up to the blonde's throat and squeezed her fingers in just behind the larynx. Steffie began to choke. "I mean now!" Angie said.
The brunette leaped forward to swing at her, but Twilight tripped her and thwarted the blow. As the girl stumbled Angie jabbed her cigarette into the girl's forehead. 
"Oww!...You Motherfuckers!..." screamed the brunette, backing off. She went to the sink to wash the ashes off. Angie whirled the blonde around her and shoved her into the door. "Get out," she said firmly. 
Steffie shot a venomous glance back at Angie, and when she turned to look at Twilight she spit at her. Her face was pure contempt. "Stick to milk, kid," she scoffed, you ain't ready for the majors. then hurled open the door and they left.
Angie approached Twilight and put her hand on her shoulder. "Are you okay?" she asked. But Twilight shrugged her hand off and wiped off the spit. "Don't touch me," she said defiantly. 
Angie backed off. She leaned against the sink, then lit another cigarette. "I just wanted to know."
"I'm okay. They wouldn't have hurt me."
"Yeah? What's that red mark on your chin?"
"It's nothing," Twilight pouted.
"You sure?"
"I'm sure! Okay?" Twilight yelled.
Angie remained nonplussed, her expression neutral. Coldness, Twilight thought, as if her concern were instinctive, not emotional. "They wouldn't have done anything," Twilight said, lowering her voice, "not with the two clubs here. Starting something would only get the others all pissed off. We'll be lucky if you didn't start a little war here tonight. These guys are very protective of their women, you know. They don't like anyone messing with them, not even other women."
"They also stick up for their own," Angie said, "Isn't that the way it goes?"
Twilight looked up at Angie and stared into her eyes, trying to see what was behind them. "You're not one of them," she said, almost in a whisper.
"Neither are you," Angie said, "You and I are alike. We're both just hanging around for the time being, because we don't know what else to do."
Twilight stared disdainfully at her. "We're not alike," she said, "not in any way. I don't know what you are, but I'm not like you. No way am I like you. In fact, I have this real funny feeling there's nobody around like you."
"What do you mean? What's so different about me?"
Twilight laughed silently to herself. She didn't know for sure. "For starters, you sure have a funny look about you when you make love."
"Oh that," Angie hinted a smile, "I'm sorry about that. Herc is too. We didn't hear you come in..."
"Oh stop bullshitting me, Angie! Just cut it out right now! Just tell me the truth. Who are you?"
Angie shrugged, but Twilight detected a nervous look in her eyes. "What do you mean?"
"I mean who are you really...Where are you from?..."
"I told you I can't remember."
"Why can't you remember?"
"I don't know."
"What are you doing to Herc?"
"Doing to Herc?"
"Yeah...He looks half dead. I think you're doing something to him, and that's why he looks that way."
"You think I'm killing him?" Angie smiled.
"Yeah...I mean, I'm not sure... maybe you are... What are you doing to him? Are you giving him poison? Is that it? Or do you just have poisonous skin?"
Angie gave her a patient smile. "There's no poison, Twilight. Herc is sick, that's all."
"Yeah, he's sick, all right. Whatever he's got, he caught it from you."
"Twilight..." Angie sounded compassionate now. She put her hand gently on Twilight's head. Twilight cringed but did not back away. "Be sensible. Look at me."
Twilight stared down at the floor obstinately. Angie gently took her chin and turned it toward her. "Look at me, please."
Twilight stared at her, trembling inside. "I'm looking."
"Do you really think he caught his sickness from me? Do I look like I've got what he has?"
Twilight was locked into Angie's gaze. She wanted to turn away, to bolt past her and run. But she could not. Something felt weird about this. Here it comes, she thought, here's where I get strangled or knifed... or poisoned like Herc...
"Hmm?" Angie asked.
"N-No," Twilight said with difficulty.
"Of course not. So how could he be getting it from me? I'm healthy and strong... My skin is vibrant...my eyes sparkle with life... Don't you agree... Twilight?"
Twilight felt herself getting numb. There was a strange but pleasant energy at the top of her head, right where Angie's hand was. It tickled at first, slightly. Then she felt heat there. It became stronger, and the more intense it became, the more distant Twilight felt, and lighter, as if she were floating and no longer in this room. Suddenly she stopped shaking and felt very calm. How odd! She no longer felt frightened of Angie anymore. On the contrary, she felt strangely reassured. She looked into Angie's eyes and saw them sparkling, just as she said. They were sparkling with life. Every bit of Angie was radiant with life. How could she have misjudged her? Herc was sick, but it wasn't her fault. He just caught a bad bug or something and needed to rest. It wasn't her fault. In fact, it really was good of Angie to stick around and care for him, considering they'd gotten off on the wrong foot together. That was very admirable. Anybody else might've just drifted away and forsaken him. Nobody deserved that, not even Herc...                                                    Twilight took a slow deep breath and let it out gently. It felt very good. What a relief it was to know that she'd been so wrong about Angie...
Angie watched her take the breath and realized that the mindset was working. It was unfortunate for Twilight that she'd had to use it, for now it would deplete Twilight of some of her life energy. It wouldn't kill her, thankfully, but it would weaken her. Still, there hadn't been any choice. Her instincts tonight were especially sharp, warning her to protect herself carefully. Smitty and Twilight suspected something about her, especially Twilight. But they had no idea what. Angie did not want to risk the whole club becoming suspicious of her, not before she was through with Herc. She had to finish with him before she could move on, as she had finished with the others.
Suddenly she remembered them all, saw all their faces before her. A dozen in all. Had there really been so many in a year's time? One a month? Was that the average? Six in Colorado alone, one in New Mexico, five in Arizona...all in a year's time...
Why? she wondered. Why am I doing this?  
She heard the echo of Twilight's voice, "Who are you..." 
Where had her voice come from? Angie wondered. Twilight hadn't spoken...
...All of them, dead now. It had been necessary to finish with all of them before moving on. She had to, or else risk the rage. Once, just once before, she had tried to resist. She'd felt such repulsion at what she was doing to George that she tried to run away before she was finished with him.
And the awful rage had come and left seven dead people behind. Because of her. Because she resisted. 
"No..." she said, "No..."
(What was happening?)
All of them white men, just like he said...(Who?)
The Indian...   
Angie suddenly felt light headed, strangely dizzy. And yet there was a heavy feeling in her brain also, as if something was stuffed in there and trying to break out. What was this contradictory feeling? She looked at her hand laying on Twilight's head, and the hand felt tingly, and then burning. The feeling turned painful, and she winced from the discomfort. Yet she could not tear it away. Twilight was staring across the room, her expression trapped between wonder and horror.
Something was wrong here. The mindset had not worked the way it usually did. Suddenly there was great pain. She shut her eyes tightly in an effort to control it and saw several images rush into focus...
There was a desert landscape, and a canyon, an incredibly deep narrow canyon... and a crow flying around this landscape...
There was a shadow of a man in front of her... He was an Indian man, dark, foreboding, and she knew him, had seen him before. She did not want to see him. Somehow he was "responsible." She felt a shiver in seeing him, though his features were not too clear...
Twilight groaned uneasily in the distance...
Then there was another man, another shadow, menacing, approaching her in a forest somewhere. It was his intention to rape her. Angie did not want to see him either. He also was responsible.
Both figures pressed in on her head until she felt it was going to implode... and then another figure appeared. A younger man, also an Indian, but he was not menacing. He seemed concerned about her, wanting to relieve her pain. Yet he seemed helpless to do anything, until another man stepped from behind him, and stood there. She felt strong power from this man, yet he seemed to ignore her pain...
And then she saw Twilight standing off to the side, watching all of this going on. Her expression seemed close to sanity breaking point.
Twilight is the reason for this, she thought. We've linked in some way.
"Please," Twilight said, "let me go..."
And she did. There was an inner feeling like a stab of electricity, like hitting a nerve ending on a sharp object and sending shock waves throughout the body. Angie's hand was sharply flung off Twilight's head, and both of them reacted with a jolt. Twilight looked horrified. She backed away from Angie against a toilet stall and almost fell to the floor, momentarily unaware of where she was. Angie herself was confused.
And then Twilight screamed, one long loud scream, and she ran past Angie and flung the bathroom door open. Music flooded in from the dance hall and a few heads turned to look at her as she ran into the crowd. The door closed on its own, and Angie sat against the counter trying to shake off the effects of what had just happened.
The mindset had been working, but then had backfired. Twilight's abilities had interfered in some way. There was no telling now what would happen as a result. Never before had Angie received such a flood of images. Since her arrival in Pueblo she had seen sights and sounds that had sparked her memory. And now more of them had come in, images from her past. The reasons for her very existence, which had been eluding her in the fog of her amnesia for at least a year, were somehow defined by these vague images.
But at the moment there was a more pressing matter. Her head was still hurting, and she felt weak. The mindset had sapped her strength, more than usual. She turned around and looked in the mirror, and groaned. Her complexion had faded in that short time. She was pale now, deathly pale. This was not good. In fact it was dangerous. She was in need of Herc. She would have to take him outside, into the woods, away from the people somewhere. There was no choice. She had to rejuvenate herself. Twilight had drained her more than she had been prepared for, and now she must take care of it immediately. If she did not... She shuddered at the thought.
At that moment she heard a commotion out in the room. The music had stopped and people were yelling. A dreadful feeling came over her as she realized a fight had broken out.
#
22 

Lindy's Roadhouse  The Bar Fight

A pretty lucky guy

Herc and Smitty had been sipping beers at the bar and talking about Angie and Twilight. Smitty was uncomfortable talking to Herc. He tried to hide it as best he could. But as they talked, the more it seemed to Smitty that Herc really was over the line. He not only looked ready for his death bed, but he looked as contagious as a leper's handkerchief. After their first initial handshake, which now he regretted, he tried to avoid any further physical contact with Herc. When Twilight came back, he thought, he would whisk her back onto the dance floor and leave Herc and Angie to themselves. Goddam if he was going to catch whatever it was that Herc had. That is, if Herc hadn't already given it to him. Unconsciously he wiped his hands on his jeans, and thought about what Twilight had said earlier about Angie "doing something" to Herc. Maybe there was something to it. When Twilight had one of her feelings, she was rarely wrong. In fact, he couldn't ever remember a time when she was wrong. And if she were right, if what she had said was true... Smitty gulped nervously as he experienced a sudden revelation.
Then Angie was probably just as contagious...
Smitty made a mental note to himself to never touch Angie again as long as he lived.
"Y'know something, Smitty?" Herc said in a voice that was raspier than usual, "I'm a pretty lucky guy, all things considered."
Smitty raised his eyebrows at this. "How do you figure that, dude?"
Herc smiled. But it was no smile that Smitty had ever seen on Herc before. It was a grin he'd seen on countless drunks in bars when they came up to him to ask for change. It was the kind of grin worn by a man with only half a mind left. "Because I got me a fine woman," Herc said.
"That so?" Smitty said skeptically, "Now I thought you didn't like that woman much, even when she moved in. You told me she'd be out in a week."
Herc laughed, more of a drawn out rasp than a laugh. It sounded painful to Smitty. "Well you know, things change," Herc said, "I know I ain't been myself lately, 'cause of this damn bug I got." Smitty nodded.
Herc took a sip of his beer, then realized he was empty. He grabbed for Smitty's bottle. "Lemme have a sip of your beer," he said. 
Not on your life, Smitty thought. He grabbed the bottle and whisked it out of Herc's reach while signaling Cindy. "Here, lemme just get you another one," he said.
"Thanks," Herc said, "You know, I ain't never been able to say this about any woman before. But that woman is good for me. She's really good for me."
"Yeah? How's that?"
Herc shrugged. "Hey, she keeps me outta trouble, man. All we do is screw all day long. Now what could be wrong with that?" He breathed out a laugh, and Smitty backed up a few inches to avoid his breath.  
Smitty heard a woman yelling toward the rear. He looked past Herc and saw Twilight being pushed by a blond woman, Steffie, from the Iron Cross. Steffie looked like she was genuinely out for blood.
"Hey, what's goin' on here, dudes?" Smitty said to himself. He saw Twilight ignore her and walk toward the bar. Steffie took a swing at her, and Twilight cringed in pain, then dropped to the floor.  
 "Jesus!" Smitty said. He jumped up and ran through the crowd, knocking a couple of people out of the way. "Hey!" he shouted. 
Others had jumped up also. By the time Smitty got there a minor brawl was already in progress. Bikers were shoving bikers. Everyone was yelling. The band stopped playing. Smitty could no longer see Twilight in the melee, and he charged at top speed into the crowd, knocking four people down. He fell into the sea of legs and found Steffie on top of Twilight, beating her with brass knuckles. He grabbed Steffie's hand and twisted it until he was able to remove the knuckles, then he shoved her off with his boot. She was swallowed up by a jungle of levis.
Someone's boot kicked him in the head. Whether it was intentional or not he didn't know. The kick jarred the brass knuckles from his hand and they went sliding across the floor. From down here, he couldn't tell what was happening. It was impossible to see who was fighting who, or even if anyone was trying to stop the fight, so he laid on top of Twilight to protect her. His head throbbed with pain. His right ear felt warm and wet.
Minutes later, (or was it only seconds?) Smitty heard the commanding presence of Lindy beating on one of his tables with a baseball bat. At first Smitty couldn't hear if Lindy was yelling or not because there was so much commotion. But he knew Lindy's usual pattern. Normally he did not bother yelling. He would stand there and beat on the table loudly until the fighting stopped, until he had everyone's attention. This he did.
"Ladies and Gentlemen!" he announced like a circus ringleader, "There is no fighting on the premises, as you know! Either shake hands or take it outside, down the road!..."
The fighting stopped quickly, more out of respect for Lindy than any other reason. Smitty picked himself and Twilight up off the floor. There was some grumbling and disbursement, but some of the bikers remained where they were, unsure about leaving their comrades, unsure about who started it, unsure about whether revenge was in order.
"You okay, baby?" Smitty asked. Twilight nodded reluctantly, then winced in pain when he felt the back of her head. "Hey, you're bleeding!" he said, "Where is that bitch who started it?"
Sal was standing a few feet away from him. "What bitch is that, man?" Sal asked.
Smitty pointed to Steffie, who was over by the pool tables now. "That one, man! She bloodied my woman with brass knuckles!"
Sal looked surprised. "She did?" He turned and called to Steffie. "Hey Steffie! You brass knuckle this babe?"
Steffie lit a cigarette and laughed. "No way, man."
Sal turned back to Smitty and smiled. "No she didn't, man. You must be wrong."
"I took the damn thing away from her, Sal!"
"You did?" Again Sal looked surprised. "What is this world coming to?" There was muffled laughter in the crowd which was still gathered. "Let's see 'em," Sal said, "I ain't never seen no brass knuckles before." There was laughter.
Smitty smiled at him. "Oh, you've seen 'em all right, Sal. You probably just mistook 'em for your false teeth."
There was laughter behind Smitty from the Friends and some of the audience listening in. Sal's smile dwindled. As all the bikers knew, he did have false teeth. "Cut the crap, man," Sal said, "Let's see the brass knuckles if you got 'em."
"I don't have 'em! I dropped 'em during the fight."
Sal threw up his arms impatiently and turned around again. "Hey, anybody pick up some brass knuckles off the floor?" He was answered with several shaking heads. "There, you see?" he said, "Like I said, you were wrong."
"I ain't wrong."
"Then maybe you're just a liar."
Smitty felt himself burning up inside. "The only one who's lying around here is the bitch..." He and Sal stepped toward each other, ready to face off again, but Twilight pulled Smitty back so roughly that he almost lost his balance. "Let it go, Smitty, let it go," she pleaded, "I'm okay. C'mon, buy me a drink."
Smitty glared at Sal a moment longer, knowing the rest of the Friends were backing him up, even as the Iron Cross boys were standing by, ready to do battle in a second. Twilight squeezed his arm. He smiled at her and shrugged. "Hey, what the hell..." He looked at Sal while speaking to her. "I'm a big enough man to forgive and forget, eh? Besides, why should I ruin my own party?"
"That's right, man," Herc said, stepping next to him from behind. "Why ruin your own party?" He stepped out in front of Smitty and faced Sal. "Don't soil your knuckles on this prick. Let me do it."
Sal was confused. Was this going to be a party or a fight? "Who the fuck are you?..." he said.
 "Herc," Smitty interrupted, "let's leave it alone, dude..."
Sal laughed. "Herc?... This is Herc?" In spite of his laugh he was apprehensive about picking a fight with him. If this was Herc he might well be doomed, he thought. Herc's reputation was well known among the Iron Cross. He was a mean, dirty fighter and no one had ever beaten him. He was tall all right, but he didn't look like the Herc he remembered. This guy looked totally wasted. "Hey, no offense, pal, but you look kinda sick, y'know? Why don't you go back to bed and stick a thermometer up your ass?" There was laughter all around the Iron Cross at this. Sal giggled at his own joke and turned away.
Herc was steaming inside from this remark. It was bad enough that he was aware of how repulsive he looked to his own friends, but to eat shit from this Chicano son of a bitch was too much. He needed to kick some ass to make himself feel right again, and who better than the leader of the Iron Cross? He grabbed Sal's shoulder and whirled him around. He took a swing at him, but Sal ducked and he missed. He felt his lungs wheeze from the effort, and this surprised him. Sal heaved his fist into his stomach, and Herc felt a painful jolt throughout his body as he collapsed to his knees. Quickly following his punch, Sal slugged Herc's jaw and sent him to the floor. Sal was surprised it was so easy to drop Herc, but he walked away a few feet, not wanting this to last any longer than necessary.
Smitty jumped forward again, and would have tackled Sal, but some of the Friends held him back. Herc got to his knees and held his stomach. He was clearly having difficulty breathing.
"Goddamit, Sal!" Smitty yelled, "Can't you see he's sick?"
Sal threw his arms up. "Hey, he came after me, remember? It was self defense!"
Lindy, who had returned to the bar, came charging back in with his bat, threatening to close down the place if they didn't take it outside.
Smitty and Sal argued about whose fault it was. The others soon joined in.
Angie, nervous and weak, had been watching from outside the bathroom doors. When Herc went down, she feared for him. It was an instinctive response, rather than emotional. She felt she must get him out of here now before something worse happened. She moved through the crowd.
Herc began to feel nauseous. Goddamit, he thought, I must be worse off than I thought. Nobody's ever done that to me before. I must be slow. Yeah, that was it. I was just a little too slow, outta shape... Suddenly his nausea overcame him, and he bent over and vomited on the floor.
And also on Lindy's new cowboy boots. 
"Jesus Fucking Christ!" Lindy shouted, hopping out of the way a second too late, "You fucking son of a bitch!... Cindy! Bar towel!"
"Hey Cindy!" Sal laughed, "Pepto Bismol! Herc's got a bad case of wimp-flu." There was laughter all around.
Herc closed his eyes. Shit... this is unreal, he thought, I can't believe I just did that. I never puked on anybody in my life... Everybody's laughin' at me, man, even my own... Oh goddamit do I feel like shit...
He felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up. It was Angie. She was kneeling down and wiping his face off, whispering to him that it was okay, helping him up. Come with me, she was saying. She was smiling. She looked like an angel, like a glowing angel, like she always looked... Never mind them, she was saying, let's get some air, you'll feel better. Now Sal was coming up to her and stopping her, the asshole. See if he can go another round, he says. Goddamit, if I was only a little stronger... Sal was telling her something, making the jokes again. He didn't want them to leave and was pulling her back, getting a quick feel while he's at it. Angie... slugged him in the nose?... God Almighty! she did... She just slugged him in the nose! Blood's spurtin' out all over the place. Oh fuck I feel dizzy... Get me outta here. Angie, help me...
"Angie," he whispered, "help me..." 
As she put her arm around his waist and led him through the crowd, he realized that this was the first time in his life he had ever asked help from anyone. And he had gotten it.
Damn, he thought, I think I love this woman...
Behind them, there was more yelling and commotion. The fight had started again.
Angie led him outside. They sat down on an old wooden bench in front of the building. Herc took some deep breaths. The air was cold, but it tasted good. "Whoo-wee," he said, "I'm a hurtin' cowboy..."
"Herc..."
He looked at her.
"I want you."
"Huh?"
"I want you, now."
Herc groaned. "Goddamit, woman. I feel busted up. Can't you wait 'til we get back home?"
"No, I can't wait, Herc. I want you now."
"Aw dammit, woman, why now?"
She leaned forward and kissed his cheek and worked her way to his ear. "I can't get enough of you," she said, licking the rim of his ear with her tongue, "I've never had anyone like you, Herc. You're the biggest and the best... and the baddest..."
Herc smiled. He liked the sound of that. This gal knew all the right words... and the right moves. Hell, why not here? Why wait? Her tongue was making him horny.
"Okay," he said, "but not right here."
"Where can we go?" she said, still kissing him, sounding breathless with anticipation.
Herc motioned to the side of the building. "There's a path over here," he said, getting up, "It leads to a spot I know."
"Will we be alone? All alone?"
"There won't be nobody else around."
"Let's go, Herc. Let's hurry..."
"All right, all right," Herc said, leading her across a narrow wet field, "keep your panties on."
The sky was clearing and there was an abundance of starlight, just enough to see where they were going. Herc led Angie along a path which led uphill through the woods. They hiked for no more than a couple of minutes and came to a round flat clearing, plenty wide enough for a few people to lay down in. "Here we are," Herc said, "It's a popular place in warmer weather. The ground's wet, though."
"I don't care," Angie said, loosening her belt and zipper. She pulled her jeans and panties down to her knees, then grabbed hold of a tree trunk for support and bent over slightly, presenting herself to him. "Come to me, Herc," she said, looking back at him longingly.
Herc felt his member growing harder and harder. Goddam, this woman couldn't wait one minute for him! He unbuckled his jeans, and pulled them down. Well, when you're hot you're hot, he thought.
Angie was panting harder now, but not from passion. She was weakening, and getting dizzier. Hurry up, Herc... She wasn't sure if she said it or thought it. 
He put his hands on her hips and prepared to enter her when he suddenly heard the sounds of crunching leaves behind him, and muffled laughter. Jesus! he thought, who the fuck... He whirled around, and saw Sal come into the clearing with three of his boys. "Woh!" Sal said, "get a load of this!"
"Hey, a party!" one of the others said.
"Awright, let's do it!" said another.
Angie gasped and began pulling up her jeans with difficulty. Herc also pulled his up. As he did so, he saw his switch blade knife sticking out of his back pocket. He stuck both his hands in his back pockets to conceal it. "This is a private party, you guys," he said.
Herc didn't know the others well enough, but he knew Sal by the broad sinister smile on his face. His false teeth were clearly visible even in the dark. "Not anymore, man," Sal said, "you and me are even as far as I'm concerned. But I got a bone to pick with your woman there. She broke my nose." 
"You should be thanking her. It's an improvement."
Sal smiled maliciously, and his eyes told Herc when he was going to make his move. When he did Herc flashed his knife. It clicked into place in mid arc. Sal had taken a step forward but now ducked as Herc's knife whizzed past. He hissed as the blade sliced a portion of his cheek. It was not enough to do any more damage than the woman had done to his nose. He felt only momentary pain. His anger subdued the rest. He charged at Herc, and the others followed him.
Angie swung at one of the others, but her swing was feeble and easily blocked. The biker held her arms against the tree. She tried to resist him, but by now she was much too weak. Only fear and adrenaline was keeping her from passing out. 
Sal and the other two overpowered Herc and drove him to the ground. There was a cry from Herc as he landed on his stomach. Angered, Sal picked up a rock and hit him on the back of the head. The other two kicked him in the sides repeatedly. Sal threw the rock away and bent down over Herc. "Hey, how do you like that motherfucker? You ain't so tough now, are you?" He turned Herc over on his back. His eyes widened. "Shit!" he said.
One of the others said "Oh man, now what?..."  
Herc moaned painfully. He lifted his head just enough to see his own knife protruding from his ribs, close to his heart. Damn, he thought, killed by my own fucking knife! Jesus, Herc!...
He let out a hiss and laid his head back down. He did not move again. His eyes stared upwards to the forest canopy and beyond.
"Oh God, you killed him!" Angie said. She was shaking uncontrollably. The biker watching her had let go of her. His eyes were riveted to Herc now. 
"I didn't kill him!" Sal said, "He fell on his own knife. You guys saw it, right?" The others nodded.
Angie summoned the rest of her strength and tried to run, but Sal leaped for her and caught her by the foot, tripping her. She started struggling madly as he climbed up her body. "Stop it!" Sal said, fighting off her blows. Angie screamed as loud as she could. In panic, Sal smacked her in the jaw once, and she stopped struggling. 
Sal was seething now. His face was all bloodied up tonight because of these two, especially her. In his mind he had done nothing to deserve it. He got to his knees. It didn't matter to him that Herc was lying dead on the ground. He had it coming to him. He'd done it to himself. Sal had half of his revenge. Now he was going to have the other half, then take his boys and get the hell outta here.
"Listen bitch, and listen good! You broke my nose back there. Now I'm gonna break yours. Then we'll be even, right?" 
Her eyes stared back at his. but they seemed to look through him. Is she unconscious, he wondered. His eyes scanned downward to her zipper. Her pants had not been pulled up completely, and pubic hairs were showing. A leering smile crept on his lips. "But first," he said, "maybe we'll have us a little fun."
"Hey!" one of the others said, "look at her eyes!"
Angie's pupils had turned upward. Her eyes looked completely white. Sal shivered when he saw this. He stood up and brushed himself off. 
"Hey, maybe we better just split, man," another said.
Sal nodded. "Maybe you're right."
They all stood there for a few moments as if none of them could decide to leave. They were transfixed by Angie's shaking movements and upturned eyes. 
"Maybe she's an epileptic or something."
"Maybe Sal hit her too hard."
"I didn't hit her that hard, man."
"Listen!"
They all hushed for a moment.
"Do you hear that?"
"Yeah. I hear it."
"I hear something."
"What the hell is it?" 
"It's just the wind picking up."
"There ain't no wind, man."
"The trees ain't moving either."
"Well it was plenty windy before."
"It's not windy now."
"Then what the hell is it?"
They all looked around them. All was still, the sky was clear. Yet there was an unmistakable sound of wind, or something high pitched, like...crying, or wailing, like when the wind comes roaring through a tiny crevice underneath a door.
But it was also multiplied. There seemed to be several cries, sometimes two or three...sometimes dozens. And it was getting louder.
"What the hell is it, man?"
"I don't know!"
"It's gotta be wind."
Sal shook his head. "It ain't no wind, man."
"Look! What's that moving through the woods?"
They all peered into the darkness. About twenty yards beyond them was a strange reddish mist moving rapidly through the trees toward them. As it approached, it also spread out, as if it were surrounding them. As it came closer, the cries became louder.
"Jesus! What is it?"
"I don't know, man," Sal said, "let's get outta here."
"What about her?"
"Never mind her. Let's go."
The mist caught up with them even as they left the clearing. The fog was much thicker than it looked. Sal plodded blindly along the path, slowly at first, but then he felt a chill rush through him, and he picked up the pace. "Goddam," he said, "I can't see a fucking thing. You guys still with me?"
He heard a reply, but it sounded far away. He stopped and looked back. "Hey you guys!" he yelled, "Are you there?" He listened but heard only the mounting roar of the wind, or whatever it was making that noise. Way off in the distance he thought he heard yells coming from the bar. Time to get a move on, he thought. He began to run down the path. But the fog became thicker, and it was more difficult to see.
A shape darted in front of him. He sucked in a gasp of surprise, and felt someone trip him. He fell to the ground with a hard thud. "What are you guys doing?" he yelled angrily, looking back, "Why don't you look..."
No one was there. Only fog.
He got back up and could not find the path. He walked into pine saplings and thick sticker brush, tripping as he went. All the time, the noise was growing closer and closer.
For the first time, Sal began to feel afraid.
Suddenly he heard a scream in the distance. He didn't stop to figure out what it was. He thrashed through the invisible brush like a madman. It seemed to him that there had also been another sound, a yell, or a noise like... like an animal, or...
Or an Indian...
The figure leaped out at him with such incredible speed that he didn't have time to react. It was only after the creature had slashed his throat that Sal realized he was a dead man.
He had noticed only two things, and these with vivid clarity as he crumpled to the ground and felt the warm oozing blood pulsing from his throat.
Red flaming eyes... and war paint. 
#

23 

Lindy's Roadhouse  The Rage 

Got a date next month

Johnny was enjoying the joint that Lindy had given him. They had conducted brief business in the back office, where Lindy had played the tape and enjoyed it. Subsequently, the Manitou Rangers were hired.
Johnny was elated. He felt that a summit had finally been reached, if not in his own life personally, at least in the band's existence. To seal the bargain, Lindy had poured two shots of Jack Daniels and tossed his bag of reefer on the desk, along with some papers, telling Johnny, "Roll one for the road."
So he thanked Lindy and left his office in a euphoric stupor, dancing into the bar, waving to Cindy, who winked at him as she talked to Herc and Smitty, and he shuffled up to them. "Get the job, toots?" Cindy asked.
"We got a date next month!" Johnny said proudly. 
"Okay! Way to go!" Cindy beamed.
"You guys gonna play here? Awright! Good deal, dude!" Smitty said, grinning at him. He extended his hand and Johnny shook it.
"Way to go, Johnny," Herc said, extending his hand also. Johnny took it, and noticed how icy cold it felt. It gave him a shivery feeling. "Get him a beer on me, Cindy."
"You got it, Herc."
Johnny held up his hand. "Let me find Blacky first. You seen him, Cindy?"
She shook her head. "Not since you came in, toots."
He looked around the bar. "I'll be back," he said. He checked around the room and when he did not find him he stepped outside. "Blacky!" he yelled, "Yo! Blacky!" He walked to the parking lot and checked the inside of his van, thinking he might be sleeping inside.
He considered for a moment, remembering the joint in his pocket. "Why not?" he said. He got into his van, having decided to light up the joint now, at least sample some of it anyway. In the dark quiet of his vehicle he smoked in bliss, hearing the music of the band from inside. 
He sat there for some time, feeling himself floating away, listening to the strains of "Amie." Then suddenly the band stopped playing, right in the middle of the song. He perked his ears at this immediately. From the abruptness of the halt, he knew that a fight must have broken out, for it had happened to his own band many times. Then some shouts from inside confirmed his guess.   
He was tempted to go inside and see what was going on, but he didn't. It would be just like bad luck to walk in and have a bottle or chair come flying at him. He stayed where he was and smoked half the joint, then crushed it out and rolled the window down to breathe some fresh air. He noticed Herc and his girl walk out on the porch and sit down on a bench.
Again his eyes were drawn to the girl, the one who looked so familiar. But at the same time her face was strangely alien. Her eyes were almost hollow looking. Kinda creepy, actually. But there was a faint beauty in her face, and it was that which seemed familiar. 
He could almost make out what they were saying. She looked a little like she was going to be sick. They both did, for that matter, yet Johnny distinctly heard her say "Will we be alone there?" Then they'd gotten up and walked uphill toward the path, into the woods, probably to the clearing. "Yeah," Johnny said quietly to himself, "she's sick, all right, sick for his love pump." He smiled. "Kinda cold though," he added, seeing the littered remains of snow on the ground. Ah well, he thought, he should be so lucky. 
Then some Iron Cross boys came out. They came off the porch and looked around. He recognized Sal, Sumo, Reggie and Hank. 
"Where'd they go?" Sal said.
"Over there," Sumo said, "looks like they're headed for the rest area..." 
Johnny smiled at this reference to the clearing, but he did not laugh, nor did he make any sound to give himself away. He felt he didn't have anything to fear from these guys, yet he was nervous when they came out. He didn't know the Outlaws well at all, only enough to know that he didn't like them. They made enemies easily. The Friends were at least sociable. As long as you didn't mess with them, they didn't mess with you. But the Outlaws went looking for trouble. Johnny was not well known to them. They'd heard of the band but he didn't know if they liked the music. If they did, he was probably safe enough around them. If not, they wouldn't give a damn who he was. So he just sat where he was, very still, listening to what they were saying outside his van, and hoping they didn't take any notice of him.
"The rest area," Sal said, "Perfect. Let's go. I want you guys to back me up."
"Hey man," Reggie said, "Why don't we just go back inside..."
Sal grabbed him by his shirt. "Hey, fuck you, man! You wanna go back inside, you go. I owe that bitch a busted nose! Maybe while I'm at it I'm gonna highball her too. You guys want in you can come along too, but you gotta wait your turn."
"What about Herc?" Reggie said.
"What about him?" Sal said, "He's a fucking cream puff! We don't hurt him too much, just his babe. We drop him quick, do our stuff, then we split before anyone figures out what's happening."
"What about the rest of 'em?"
"Jesus, Reggie, you worry too much! We got the rest of our guys here, don't we?"
"Fuckin' right, man..." Sumo said.
"Kick ass," Hank said.
"That's more like it," Sal said, "Let's go."
Silently they jogged down the path toward the woods.
Johnny watched them go, at first not believing what he had just heard. These guys were actually planning to beat up Herc and the girl, and then rape the girl. Not only had he just heard their plan, but they were on their way to do the deed this very instant! "Jesus!" he worried aloud, "Oh Jesus, fucking Jesus! What do I do?" He discovered his hands were shaking. He lit a cigarette and wondered if he should just ignore the whole thing. Why not? It was none of his business. Besides, Herc could take care of himself. Herc was the best fighter in the Friends of the Devil.
At least he was. Johnny remembered how sickly he looked tonight.
What was the right thing to do? He didn't want to get involved in biker disputes. It wasn't healthy for musicians to do that, not when bikers often came to see their shows.
What made up Johnny's mind were his thoughts of the girl. The fact that he had seen her before attracted him to her. He couldn't remember where, dammit, but it would come to him. Somehow, wherever it was, the feeling was a good one. She did not seem like a biker chick. She seemed different somehow. Whatever it was about her, he could not put his finger on it, but he did not want to see her hurt. He got out of his van and went back in the bar to find Smitty, who was sitting at the bar with his arm around Twilight. She looked very quietly upset.
"Hey Smitty," Johnny said.
"Well hey, dude, thought you left."
"Not yet. I just heard something you ought to know about."
Smitty raised his brows. "Yeah? Well spill it, dude."
Johnny looked around to make sure none of the Outlaws were within earshot, and he lowered his voice. "I just overheard Sal and some of his boys planning to go beat up Herc and what's her name..."
"Angie?" Smitty said. Twilight perked her head up at this.
"Yeah," Johnny said, "Angie... " Sounds very familiar, he thought. "They went after them, to the clearing. You know the place?"
"Yeah, the rest area."
"Just now, man. I don't know what's going on, but I like you guys, and I don't want to see anyone get hurt, you know?"
Smitty stood up and clapped him on the shoulder. "You're a righteous dude, man!..." He darted away before the last word, and Johnny heard him calling the others even as he was out the door. Within seconds most of the Friends were on his heels. The suddenness with which they left alerted the Outlaws, who decided that some of their own must be in trouble. They quickly followed in pursuit. 
Lindy watched them go with passive interest. "Keep it outside, you guys!" he called after them. 
Twilight stayed at the bar, unsure of what to do. She was frightened already by the occurrences in the washroom with Angie, and in the bar. Now, seeing the others leave, she was terrified.
Johnny watched her for a moment and felt concerned about her. "Hey, Twilight, you okay?" he offered. But she stared off into space. She hadn't heard him. He shrugged and went back outside.
He saw a strange fog drifting out of the woods, a reddish fog. It was drifting rapidly toward the building, toward him. He heard shouts from up the hill, lots of them. After a moment he even thought he heard screaming. Something bad was going on up there all right, he thought. A fight, a rumble, or whatever it was that gangs did when they clashed. It probably wasn't pretty. Maybe he should have stayed out of it altogether. It was a disquieting feeling.
As the first wisps of fog reached him while he stood on the porch, he felt a noticeable chill up his spine. The air was cold anyway, being early spring, but this chill was different, and so was the fog. It felt clammy and poisonous, filled with deathlike substances, pneumonia, leukemia, AIDS... He shivered again and decided it was definitely time to leave. Where the hell was Blacky?
The fog had now reached the parking lot. It swirled around all of the cars and motorcycles in the lot, and then wound its way around the building. It drifted up the walls, feeling its way along, as if looking for a way into the bar. Johnny became transfixed by the sight. I've never seen fog do that before...  He thought he heard strange sounds coming from within the cloudy substance, sounds like crying, or wind, or screaming?
It's the sound of wind from the woods, he thought. What else would it be? 
Suddenly he felt very queasy, and anxious to leave. "Blacky!" he called again, "Hey Blacky! Where are you, dammit!" He stared uneasily at the fog again and realized his hands had not stopped shaking. He walked quickly to his van and got in. "Screw it," he said, "I'm outta here." He put his key in the ignition and turned it.
Nothing happened.
Smitty ran along the path as fast as he could run uphill, but he tripped or slipped several times because of the poor visibility. After a few minutes he realized he'd lost the way, and he stopped to catch his breath and find his bearings. "Herc!" he yelled, "Hey Herc! Answer me, dude!" His voice seemed to disintegrate into the fog, as if it had never been. 
In the distance he heard a scream which made his skin crawl. Had that been Herc? He called out to him again, and heard someone close by. Someone was running toward him, thrashing through the brush and the trees. Smitty felt his scalp shiver.
Sumo came bounding into view. He stopped and stared at Smitty. His eyes were filled with terror. His mouth, gasping for breath, hung open. It seemed incapable of closing.
"What's going on, dude?" Smitty asked.
Sumo looked past him as if he hadn't heard. He started to continue on, but Smitty stepped in front of him and grabbed his jacket. "Hey! What's goin' on?"
Sumo was groping for words. "We gotta get outta here, man! They're all dead!... They got Reggie and Sal... They were after me..."
"Who?" 
Sumo muttered something unintelligible about Indians attacking and tried to pass, but Smitty held his ground. "Indians? What the fuck are you talking about you fat son of a bitch? What about Herc? Where's Herc at?"
Sumo gave him a crazed look and again tried to pass. Smitty pulled a switchblade knife from his pocket and clicked it into place. "Where the fuck is Herc, dude?" he demanded in a threatening tone.
Suddenly Sumo roared and grabbed Smitty. He hoisted him into the air and threw him to the side. Smitty fell on his left arm and dislocated it at the elbow. He yelped with the pain and dropped his knife. He sat up and propped himself against a tree and glared at Sumo, who looked around blankly, as if unsure of which direction to run.
"Goddamit, Sumo," Smitty said painfully, "You fuckin' broke my..."
Suddenly Sumo yelled out in pain. His body jerked forward violently as a large spearpoint jutted out from the middle of his heart, and then retracted just as quickly. Blood spattered outward as Sumo's already dead body jerked in spasms and crashed to the ground at Smitty's feet. 
Smitty yelled in horror and instinctively tried to back away, holding his arm for support. But he was wedged in the crook of the tree he leaned against, unable to move himself because of the pain in his arm. 
"Oh Jesus," he said, staring at Sumo's dead body in front of him, "Hey! Help! Anybody there? Help!..."
He saw movement just behind Sumo. "Who's that?" he called, peering into the fog. He became aware of a sound like wailing. 
There was movement again, and now Smitty could see standing behind Sumo the dark unmistakable figure of a man. His hair was long and black, and he was dressed in clothes that looked like buckskin. He wore feathers. 
Smitty felt himself sweating. This dude didn't look like one of the Outlaws. And he sure as hell wasn't one of the Friends. "Hey, who are you?" he said to the figure. He looked around for his knife but couldn't find it. He stared at the figure again and noticed that the figure now had something hoisted on his shoulder. The sound of wailing grew louder.
In that instant Smitty realized that the figure was holding a spear, and that it was aimed at him...
***
Twilight felt a sharp pain in her chest, and she began to cry. "Smitty," she said mournfully. She put her head down on the bar and sobbed.
She didn't know how she knew he had just died, or how she knew that the others were all dying up there, all of them. None would escape. Except Angie. She alone.
She was responsible.
***
Lindy was over by the stage in a heated argument with the band members. The band was quitting for the night. Lindy refused to pay them; they all agreed that was fine with them. They just wanted out. Though they didn't tell Lindy, they all felt there was something strange going on. They didn't care to know what it was; they simply wanted out... right now.
Cindy was the first one to notice the strange red fog drifting into the room. "Hey, what the hell is that?" she said, audible to only a few customers at the bar, including Twilight. Some heads turned and shook.
"Damn if I know..."
"Maybe it's exhaust..."
"It ain't exhaust," Cindy said, "It don't smell like exhaust. It's fog."
"Fog? Whoever heard of red fog?" 
"Beats me, toots," Cindy said, walking to the front door. "Somebody must've left the door open a bit."
When she reached the door the fog seemed to swirl around her lightly. She checked the door. "I don't know, man. The door ain't open."
"Hey!" someone said, pointing, "it's coming down the chimney too!"
Heads turned toward the fireplace where, sure enough, the red substance seeped downward through the flue past the flames and smoke and into the room, as if ignoring natural laws.
"This is really weird," Cindy said. She opened the door, and swirls of fog billowed into the room. "Actually it's kinda cool," she said, "I've never seen this before." In a few seconds she was completely enclosed in it. Twilight watched her walk outside, further into it, and felt deep trepidation. She began to sob heavily.
A drunken man on her left leaned toward her. "Wha's the matter, darlin'? Did your boyfriend leave you?"
Twilight wiped her nose. "He's dead," she said, "they're all dead."
The man nodded sympathetically. "I'm sorry to hear that, miss. Can I buy you a drink?"
She looked over at him, tears streaming down her face. "We're all going to die," she said.
The man shrugged and returned to his shot of whiskey and downed it. "Can't argue with that," he said.

Johnny opened the window and listened. There was no doubt now. He heard screams from up the mountain. There was a mixture of sounds. Some of them sounded like Indian war cries, the kind he remembered from movies he'd seen. There were also sounds like chanting and drumming. And there were the screams of agony, like people dying in all sorts of terrible ways, and the sounds were all jumbled together, like some bizarre perverted symphony.
Through the thickness of the fog he saw the door to the bar open, and Cindy walked out. He could just make out her shape. He was about to call out to her when suddenly an arrow flew out of the fog and stuck into her chest. He heard her yell in pain. "Cindy!" he cried. Another arrow stuck her in the neck. Another one got her in the stomach. She doubled over, and crumpled to the porch. 
Johnny screamed in terror. One hand was on the wheel and one was on the door handle. Both were shaking, and neither one could seem to move at all.
He heard more screaming from inside the bar. There was a general panic happening. Everyone was yelling. He leaned out the window to try and see what was going on.
A couple ran frantically out of the bar and headed for their car next to his. The girl was screaming something unintelligible while the man unlocked her car door. Before she could get in, Johnny saw a dark shape suddenly appear in front of the man. There was a blur of dark movement as a club-like shape split the man's head open. The girl screamed and tried to close the door, but the figure raised its club and brought it down once again. The screaming stopped abruptly.
"Jesus!" Johnny hissed. He bit his lip and held his breath as the figure darted away. He quickly rolled up the window and felt panic taking over. He tried to control his urge to scream even as his whole body shook uncontrollably. He thought he must be having a bad high, or a bad drunk. Maybe this was an acid flashback that he'd heard about. It sometimes happened to people who had taken too much acid. After the trip was over and the acid was well out of the system, one could still suddenly go off on a bad trip, without any warning at all. This couldn't really be happening, could it? No! His brain screamed, This isn't really happening!
Other people swarmed out of the bar, all of them screaming. Johnny felt himself feeling sicker as he heard the sounds of death reach every one of them. He closed his eyes and pressed himself into the seat as if he might disappear, afraid that he would see a dark figure staring into the van at him.
He tried the key again, and again the engine failed. 
He heard a thump against the van, and felt his heart pounding madly. Someone must have died and fallen against the vehicle.
The police! He thought, we've got to get the police here! Perhaps Lindy has already called them.  
There was another thump against the van passenger door. 
The driver door was flung open, and a dark figure loomed in the opening, reaching for him. Johnny screamed aloud and his arms covered his face in protection. He felt hands grab his left arm and yank him out of the seat. "No!" he cried, "No! Help! Help me! Somebody help me!"
He was pushed against the side of the van. He tried to resist but the hands were strong. He heard his name. "Johnny! Johnny! It's me! It's Blacky!"
Johnny was wide eyed with fear. "What? Blacky. Oh my God! Blacky, come on! We gotta get outta here right now!"
"I know! Come with me!"
Johnny started to get back in the van. "No man, we gotta drive outta here as fast as we can..."
"Johnny! Come with me now! We don't have much time!"
"No man, can't you see..."
He never finished his sentence. He felt himself pulled back out and whirled around violently. Then something hard hit his face. He heard a sound like thunder. There was a bright light. And then silent darkness as he felt himself falling...
#

24

The Rage - Blacky 

Fear does that to a man

Blacky panted hard as he struggled to run uphill with Johnny's unconscious body over his shoulder. His muscles screamed for relief, and sweat poured down his brow. His heart felt like it would surely burst, but still he kept going. It was not much further to the site he had chosen for protection.
He heard footsteps running after him. It was either the sound of them running after him, or it was the sound of his own steps. Fear could do that to a man, alter one's sense of perspective, put one in an altered state of consciousness. He felt strangely removed from his body, as if he were watching a movie of himself struggling with Johnny. But this was no movie, and he had to hurry. He heard screaming in the distance, back down toward the bar and up the hill, all around. He did not know how well he was protected at the moment. He believed that the medicine pouch he constantly wore protected him against negative spirits. But with Johnny on his back he wasn't sure. And he had never been up against the likes of the ghost warriors before. How powerful were they? Powerful and deadly enough to kill. That was all too obvious. Could they also steal a man's spirit?
He heard the sound of horses riding up the path. And now war cries. They were coming quickly! It was hard to see through the fog. But he remembered the way. He had marked the spot with a large tree branch crossing the path. If only his strength could hold out! 
Then he saw the branch and the clearing just up ahead. The circle of stones were all laid out in proper fashion. The sound of running footsteps was gaining, right behind him. Just a little further...
He literally fell into the circle with the full weight of Johnny's body on top of him. He grunted as they both hit the ground. His head hit one of the rocks and he yelled out in pain. Groggily he placed Johnny completely in the sacred circle and looked around him. All around the circle the fog swirled, but never entered inside. He saw several dark shapes riding by, with red flaming eyes coming from riders and horses alike as they looked for a way inside the protective circle. They yelped in cries of angry protest.
Blacky felt suddenly overcome by the terror. He cried out to his grandfather and all of his ancestors for protection. Then he felt weak, and the pain in his head became so great that he fainted.
#
25 

Aftermath

Fooled ya

When Blacky opened his eyes he saw stars twinkling brilliantly through the canopy of leaves above him. He felt a momentary awe at the sight, until he moved his head and felt a pounding above his left ear. He winced and felt a large lump there but there was no apparent blood. The pain brought him back to the present moment and he struggled to recall what had happened. He remembered fog, screams, chaos. He looked around him and saw that the fog was gone. There were no screams, no red eyes, no sounds of chaos, only quiet sounds of night and the cold air. He sat up, wondering if he had perhaps fallen and had a bad dream. Could it be? For a brief moment he felt disoriented, forgetting where he was or what day it was. Then he remembered carrying Johnny, and all clarity came flooding back into him. He felt a brief surge of adrenaline from all the memories which followed, and recognized the stones he had used to make the sacred circle. He looked around to check on Johnny.
Except Johnny was not here.
He stood up. His body complained with stiffness. He searched the area and called out to Johnny several times. He waited for a few minutes, listening for a reply, or any movement at all. Then he headed down the path toward the bar, fearing that Johnny had run out of the circle during the chaos, and had been killed by the clan. 
He saw the first bodies off the path, in the woods. Three of them. All Outlaws. He saw two more further down, belonging to the Friends. He walked further and came to the bar. As he rounded a corner the parking lot came into view and he halted. His body went numb at the sight. For an instant his brain denied everything. Several bodies lay on the ground next to the building. Others were lying between the rows of cars and motorcycles. "Oh God," he whispered, feeling his stomach tighten. 
He found Cindy lying next to the front door. Her face was bloody, and there were footprints all over her, from being trampled by the others. Her eyes were open. He knelt next to her, cradling her head in his hands, staring at her in disbelief, as if she might suddenly awaken and start laughing and shout "Fooled ya! Fooled ya!" 
But she was quite dead, and he suddenly cried for her...
When he had finished he went inside. Bodies were strewn. Tables and chairs were overturned. Broken glasses and bottles lay scattered like buckshot throughout the interior.  
Blacky glanced toward the stage. The band members hadn't time enough to unplug their equipment. The bass player still had his guitar on. 
He heard a noise which made him grab a chair and whirl around. The noise had come from behind the bar. Johnny? He dropped the chair and ran over to the bar and jumped on top of it and looked over. 
There was a girl there, and she was moving! He hopped off the bar and helped turn her over. It was the girl he had waved to earlier, the one called Twilight...
Her eyes were open, staring off into some void only she was aware of. She did not answer him when he spoke, nor did she recognize him when he turned her face to him.
Blacky lifted her up gently and carried her to a table. There were no apparent marks on her, he noticed. There were no bruises either. Apparently she had escaped harm completely. Lucky girl, he thought, though it seemed rather odd...
He picked up Cindy's body and moved it back inside the building, though why he was doing it he wasn't sure. As he stared gloomily at her another odd thought occurred to him. Last night he had seen people killed in a number of ways. They had been clubbed to death, speared, scalped, and shot with arrows. As he looked around now he saw no blood at all, except a small amount that might have been caused by the scuffles and the chaos. Where were the wounds? 
Where are the arrows? he thought.
Twilight, laying on one of the tables, suddenly gave a secretive soft smile. She responded as if he had asked the question aloud, in a tone of voice that was far away, as if he wasn't really there at all. Her response sent a final chill throughout his body.
"Silly, there are no arrows..."
Her head slowly turned to the side. He watched her eyes close, and he stared at her still body for the longest time, wondering if she was ever going to breathe again.
#
26 

The Hobo

Traveling? You aint traveling

There was a cold wind that night. The old hobo shivered to himself and drew his coat more tightly around him. Though he was largely protected from the wind by the underpass columns and the bushes at the edge of the creek, it was not enough to keep it all out. It never was enough. The wind always got through somehow.
He had a fire, a good one too, not bright enough to be seen by the railroad dicks or the cops, and hopefully not by anyone else either. He wouldn't mind sharing his fire with someone who was truly in need, another hobo like himself for instance, but these days you couldn't trust just anyone.
Above him the giant overpass stretched over the creek. It was a good sized hill which led up to it, and on a clear day you could get a spectacular view of the railroad valley. Cars and trucks roared by at various intervals, and an occasional ambulance or motorcycle. 
He opened a can of beans and set the can in the fire. The flames burned away the label hungrily. He stirred the beans now and then. Then he took a bottle from his coat, good Irish whiskey, and had a snort. "Ah yes," he said, feeling better after a rough ride from down south. He had caught a midnight freight out of Albuquerque, and the suspension on the boxcar he'd been in had been completely shot. The car rattled and bounced all night long. His head was still pounding from that haul. But a warm fire and some good whiskey always worked wonders.
About a mile away a  freight was coming into the yard. That'll be the 9:05, he thought. It came from out east somewhere, most likely by way of Tulsa. It would stop here for the night, until about five, then head north toward Cheyenne. When it left he would be on it.
A twig snapped a short distance away, from the creek's edge. He sat upright and listened sharply. That was no animal, he thought. "Who's there?" he called. He waited a few moments then called again. "C'mon out, I know you're there."
He waited again, and heard more rustling, closer this time. Soon a figure emerged from the brush, and the old man almost fell over himself staring. It was a woman.
She was tall and thin, weak looking. Her hair was black and ratty. She looked as if she'd been through some recent hardships. She approached the fire slowly, cautiously. "Hello," she said, sounding very tired.
The old man nodded to her. "Evenin', young lady. Are you lost?" He felt a bit wary. One did not run into women too often on this route. Then again, this could be a trap, he thought. Might be a young fella out there waiting to jump him.
She nodded and stared at his fire, at the can of beans cooking. He knew she was smelling the aroma. When you were hungry, a can of beans smelled like a feast.
"Where you from?" the old man asked guardedly.
The woman shrugged. "Nowhere," she said.
The old man nodded while she stood where she was and stared at him. "Anyone else with you?" he asked, nodding toward the brush. She shook her head. "I'm alone," she said. He looked around her and decided she was harmless enough, that there was probably no one else out there waiting to steal his shoes or anything else. "Fire's warm," he said, "Why don't you sit down?"
She gave him a tired smile. "Thanks," she said. She sat across from him. He studied her briefly, and decided she was pretty underneath all the dirt. 
"You sure you're alone?" he asked again with a squint in his eye.
She nodded again. 
"Hungry?" he asked.
 She nodded. "Starved."
He took a rag and put it around the hot can and passed it to her, then gave her a spoon. "Here, have some of these."
She smiled at him and accepted the can. "Thanks, mister."
"Name's Arnie," he said.
"Mine's Angie," she said.
"Pleased to meetcha," he said. He watched her eat several spoonfuls of beans, then said, "You mind if I ask you something?"
She shook her head.
"What're you doing out here?"
She regarded him, then shrugged. "Traveling."
He laughed. "Traveling? That's a good one." He laughed again, genuinely, and his good natured laugh caused her to smile. When he was finished he shook his head and took a sip of his whiskey. "No, you ain't traveling," he said, "I've been traveling all my life. I've run into every kind of person there is, and most of 'em were a bunch of shitheads, if you don't mind my sayin' so. But I'll tell you something, I've never seen the likes of you before."   
"Well I guess there's a first time for everything," she offered.
"What're you running from, girl?"
"What makes you think I'm running?"
"Here now, I don't mind sharing, but don't take 'em all. Give 'em over now." He motioned for the beans, and she smiled and gave them to him. "Sorry," she said. 
"Here," he said, offering the whiskey, "you want some of this?"
She took a sip from the bottle and gave it back. "Thanks."
"You look like a runaway, that's why. You got no suitcase, no nothing except the clothes on your back. You're all dirty. And there's a nasty bruise on your cheek."
Her hand went up to her right cheek, where Sal had hit her. Suddenly it hurt.
"Your man do that to you?" he asked.
She nodded. "Yes...I mean no. Not my man. A man."
Arnie nodded. "Aha, figured as much. Are you all right? I mean, did he...you know...do anything to you?"
She stared at him, then shook her head. "No...he hit me and took my money," she lied.
Arnie looked surprised. "No kidding? Why that fleabag! Imagine attacking a helpless girl like yourself! Why don't you go to the police, girl?"
She shook her head. "I'm not from around here."
Arnie nodded contemplatively. "You're not, eh? You're really not?"
"No."
"Well where are you from?"
She shrugged. "Nowhere..."
"Nowhere...Right, I forgot...Where are you headed?"
"North...Colorado Springs, I think."
"You think?"
"Yeah...I know some people there, or at least they were there last time I heard. Anyway, I'm looking for them."
"Jesus, girl! You make about as much sense as I do when the dicks come after me with all their questions!" He swigged some whiskey. "Anyway, it ain't any of my business. Fact is, I don't really care where you're from or where you're going. You ain't got nothing to fear from me, as long as I don't have nothing to fear from you. Is that a deal?"
She nodded. "It's a deal."
"Good. Now tell me, how you planning on getting up north?"
She stared into the fire. "I don't know. I'll get there somehow. Hitch, I guess."
"You ever ride the rails?"
She looked up at him questioningly. "The rails?"
"The trains! The freight trains. It's how I get around."
"Oh... no, I haven't."
He took one more sip from his bottle, then put it back in his pocket and said, "Come with me."
"Where?"
"Up the hill. I wanna show you something."
She followed him up the gravel hill toward the huge overpass. When they had almost reached the top, he pointed to the east, toward the freight yard. From here it seemed close enough to hit with a stone. "You see that long freight there, the one with the white box car."
"I see it," Angie said, shivering from the wind.
"Well that car says 'Rio Grande' on it, and it just happens to be the most comfortable car on that freight. I know 'cause I've been on it many times. That freight is leaving for Colorado Springs first thing in the morning."
Angie's interest perked at this. "Really?"
"Sure it is. I'll be on it."
"You?"
"Damn right!..." He sounded truly pleased with himself.
They looked out over the valley for a brief while. Then Angie said, "Can I go with you?"
***
She went to the old man that night, shortly after he had retired for the night. She had seen the black aura around him even in the dark, even before she had first laid eyes on him. She had not only seen it; she had felt it. Like a homing signal, it had guided her to him. 
The old man performed well, with tears in his eyes. As he lay there in the night, gasping for breath, he thought of a black gal he'd known in St. Louis thirty years ago. She'd left him feeling the same way...
***
When the freight pulled into Colorado Springs and stopped with a thunderous clang, the heavy door on the white Rio Grande car slid open. One passenger got out, a thin woman with black hair. She closed the door and walked away.
Inside Arnie lay in the corner. He was an old man, too old to count the years anymore, he'd told her. But now he looked even older than that. He lay with a peaceful expression on his face, with his hands draped over his chest, as if at a funeral. He lay completely drained of life, with his eyes open, as if they were still experiencing the final physical bliss that a strange woman had offered him that day.
#


Part II - Metamorphosis










27

The Discovery

They appeared to be quite dead

Ironically, the bodies at Lindy's were discovered by late-arriving members from both gangs. They had run into each other on the road to the bar. They were all hurrying to make it to the bar before last call and were besting each other on the highway with motorcycle stunts. They soon caught the eye of a state trooper hidden near an overpass. He followed them down Fordham Rd, and down the long dirt road to the bar, knowing where they were heading. He decided to make an impressive show by turning on his lights when they turned into the parking lot. When the trooper got out of his car and walked toward the bikers, he wondered why they were so silent. A few seconds later he discovered why.
There were bodies on the ground. They appeared to be quite dead.
Acting on instinct, the trooper pulled his gun and commanded all the bikers to lay down on the ground while he checked out the building. Slowly he made his way to the front door and looked inside. It was quiet. As his eyes became used to the dark he saw more bodies all over the bar. The trooper felt his heart caught in his throat. He wanted to be sick. His gun hand was shaking uncontrollably. Jesus Christ, he thought, there must be seventy people here. Were they all dead? Who in the hell killed them? He stepped inside and walked around exploring the bar area.  How had all these people died? There was no blood anywhere that he could see. What the hell had happened? Did they all die from poisoning?
Suddenly he heard motorcycles, He had forgotten about the other gang members. He rushed to the door to see all the riders making dust down the road in the biggest hurry they could manage.
The trooper did not bother to follow them. He made a call to headquarters. He wondered if the killers were still close by. This made him nervous to ponder. But then if all these people had been poisoned, maybe there was poison in the air. Maybe he should do like the bikers and get the hell out of there.
Half the state police in Colorado descended on Lindy's bar in the next hour, with all the detectives, technology, and armament they could muster, with orders to contain and cover up the crime scene as long as possible.
Thanks to the escaped bikers, the entire state knew about it before breakfast.
#
28

Mose Hartlick

No Kool Aid here

Mose Hartlick, chief of homicide in Colorado Springs, had never seen anything like it. He was standing in the middle of the dance floor surveying the bodies. Visions of Jonestown kept swimming through his mind. Jim Jones. Kool Aid spiked with cyanide. Some seven or eight hundred people on that one. Yet it was different somehow. How? He didn't know for sure. But it felt different. There was no Kool Aid here. No obvious poisons, at least none that the coroners had picked up yet. No blood either. Now where was that at? No wounds except for a few bruises where some of the unfortunate folks had fallen and scraped their elbows or knees. But nobody had ever died from a bruised knee, to his knowledge.
He had been chomping nervously on a lit cigar. It usually helped him to think while chomping on a cigar. Only it wasn't helping now. His assistant, Dick Bowler, was checking out the bar area, Troopers were everywhere examining every square inch of the bar, the parking lots and the grounds. They were even finding bodies in the woods. Dick came over and joined him. "Don't look so worried, Mose."
Mose snorted a laugh and flicked the ash off the cigar. "Hey, who's worried? We got God knows how many bodies here, no marks, no blood; no horrified faces like they've all seen Mick Jagger's face in the morning."
"There are signs of a struggle between the gangs over by the pool tables..."
Mose shrugged. "Yeah. So what? That doesn't tell us a lot about why everyone in the whole damn place is dead. Look here." He walked over to the bar to three people still sitting on stools. "Look at them. Look at their faces. Complete surprise, like they didn't know what hit them."
"Apparently they didn't."
Mose nodded. "Yeah, and neither do we."
"What about the other guys who split when the call came in?
"I'll take a wild guess we aren't going to find them for a while. Even if we do, I don't think they had anything to do with it. They got freaked is all, like anyone would be. They got out of here before someone could blame them for it. Smart. I'd have done the same thing."
"I guess our only hope at this point is to wait for the autopsy reports."
One of the troopers came in the front door. "Lieutenant Hartlick, we found something outside sir."
Mose and Dick glanced at each other hopefully. "Let's go," Mose said, chomping his cigar.
The trooper led them to the parking area. There were several cars and bikes against the building. "What we've got here," the trooper said, "is a bunch of vehicles all in a row, except..."
"Except one very obvious space that someone pulled out of..." Mose said. He checked the ground. "And pulled out of in an extreme hurry it seems. Look at those tire tracks. Skidded out of here like they couldn't wait to jump into tomorrow."
"Yes sir," the trooper said, "Looks like a truck or van, I'd say."
"Me too. Good work, officer. Okay, see if you can find out if there's anyone between here and the highway who might have seen a speeding van or truck pulling out of here. Any info at all. Color, make, number of people, anything you can find."
"Got it," the trooper said. He went to his car and put in a call on his radio. Then he summoned three other troopers and they all took off in their cars.
"What do you think?" Dick said.
Mose shrugged. "I think the mayor's gonna have my ass for dinner."
Dick surveyed the bodies uneasily. "Well, it wouldn't be the first time."
Mose threw his cigar down and stomped on it hard. "That's for sure." He looked uphill toward the woods and felt an inexplicable chill run up his spine. Then he looked down the long driveway leading out to the highway. Then he looked at the only empty parking space with the tire tracks. What I'm thinking, he said finally, is that we got us an eyewitness to whatever happened here and they got so freaked out they didn't wait around to be next on the smrgsbord. Hell, by daylight they might be in New Mexico...
Then again, they could be as close as Pueblo or Colorado Springs, Dick said. 
Then again...they could be the killers," Mose said. Dick frowned as Mose said this last. He didn't really believe it.
"Could be..." Mose said. He didn't believe it either. He lit another cigar. "C'mon, let's go have a look in the woods."
#
29

Blacky & Twilight On The Lam

So what about the girl

Blacky had not had a drink all evening, and yet he felt as if he was sobering up fast, just like some of the binges he remembered in the past, when he'd leave a bar at 2 AM hardly able to find his car in the lot, let alone drive it, and he would take in those first few breaths of cold air and shake off the grogginess of the liquor. Back in those days, not so long ago, he was usually seeing two blurry roads and driving with one eye open. But now, as he drove down Fordham Rd. toward the interstate, and feeling the claws of panic digging into him, he realized that he had never seen the surroundings with such clarity before. Even the stars seemed brighter and clearer than usual.
Even though there were no other cars on the road, he avoided the temptation to jam the gas pedal to the floor. He wanted to. He wanted to put as much distance as possible between him and Lindy's, and as fast as possible. But he didn't want to risk being stopped by the police. He glanced in the back at the young girl who lay unconscious on the seat. She was young, very young. Maybe seventeen? Maybe. Too young. Too young to be caught in a van at 4 AM with an underage Navajo Indian with a jail record. That would be bad enough, a definite violation of his parole. But then to be connected with that massacre back there at the bar...
The police would roast him.
He should have left her there. Why the hell had he taken her with him? And where the hell was Johnny? Was he dead too? Damn! Fuck me sideways!
Nervously he checked the rear view mirror, expecting to see red flashing lights blazing right behind him. He checked his speed. No cars in sight at all. It was late, or early, depending on your point of view. Four AM. 
What do I do now, Grandfather? 
The girl moaned slightly and he suddenly realized that she might be hurt. He had not checked her for injuries. Just because she was alive did not mean she was all right. He ought to check her out, find out who she was and where she lived. 
There was a gas station at the interstate junction. It was open 24 hours, and at this hour there were no customers. Perfect. He pulled up to one of the pumps, the furthest from the station. The man inside glanced out at him with some momentary suspicion, then went back to reading his newspaper. Blacky thought for a moment. What should he do here? Should he call the police? If he didn't call, what would happen to him? Would he be suspect? Perhaps he should drive back to the roadhouse, call from there. Leave the girl. Take his chances. Maybe just split and get away. No one would blame him for being scared shitless. Who wouldn't be after a scene like that?
What if they tried to blame it on him for some reason? That's why he'd run in the first place. White men would not give him a break. Why should they? They never had before. Why should they start now? They might fine some reason to pin it on him. Whites were good at that kind of thing.
But all those dead bodies back there? There was no way they could blame him for all that mess! Could they? How could a lone man kill all those people? But you're not alone; you've got the girl with you, dumb fuck!  Should've left her. Why the fuck did you take her, idiot?
She moaned again, and he turned to look at her. She was plain looking, and to his view too pale. Still, there was an attractiveness about her. Seeing her like this, he knew that taking her with him was the right thing to do. End of story. Grandfather would have said that. You don't leave someone in the middle of a bloody mess like that, no matter who it is. Like it or not, it was the right thing to do.
The only problem was all those dead bodies back there. First he had to get the girl home, wherever that was. Then he had to avoid the police. The police would want to know how he managed to avoid being shot with arrows, beaten to death with clubs, or scalped. How had he been so lucky? They would not understand the Manitou. You see, officer, it's very simple. See, I'm a Navajo, and where I come from we believe that ghost spirits can kill you, so I always carry my medicine pouch with me, just in case a nasty Manitou shows up. Ask any Navajo. They'll tell you. Ask my dead grandfather. Ask my fucking good-for-nothing father. He used to be a Navajo; now he's a white man, like you...
And what about the girl? Oh, her? I found her. I just happened to pick her up because I didn't know what to do with her. She was still alive and I didn't want to leave her there with all those dead bodies. You can understand that, can't you?
Fat chance of that. So what about the girl? Just how in the hell did she escape? He moved some of her curly brown hair away from her neck and checked a little ways under her shirt. She sure wasn't wearing any medicine pouch. 
He climbed into the back with her and checked her arms and legs for any blood. There was none. He began feeling her chest and ribs for broken bones. She began to stir.
"Hey Missy," he said, "Wake up. You okay? Wake up." He shook her gently.
Her eyes opened softly and looked around her dreamily. When she saw Blacky her eyes bulged in fright and she sprang up. She started to scream, but he gagged her mouth with his hand tightly. She started to struggle. "Whoa!" he said, "Hey, slow down there, Missy." He kept his voice down. ""Hey, I'm not gonna hurtcha! I'm not gonna hurtcha. I'm a friend, okay? I'm a friend." He loosened his grip, but kept his hand on her mouth. She looked at him with frightened eyes. "Okay, now listen to me," he said, "I promise. I'm not gonna hurtcha. Just don't scream, okay?" Her eyes were still riveted to his. "Okay, I'm gonna let go now. But don't scream, okay? We might both be in a lot of trouble if you do. Okay, here goes..." He gradually loosened his grip and let go, slowly pulling his hand away from her mouth. Her eyes never left his. The look in them revealed much fear. As Blacky removed his hand, he had the feeling that the fear was no longer directed at him. 
"My name's Blacky," he said, sitting back to give her some room. "Actually, it's Joseph. Joseph Blackfeather. But most people just call me Blacky."
Her eyes were still. Her gaze seemed to look right through him and keep on going. "Are you all right?" he asked. "Do you remember what happened back there at the bar?" No answer. He wondered if she had amnesia or something. "Do you remember your name?" 
"Yinishy Yanaba..." she said. Blacky was startled by her reply. "What did you say?" 
"Yanaba Yinishy Ya-na-ba" She spoke again, more words this time, but it did not sound like her voice. It was husky, guttural. The words sounded like Navajo. She sounded like a woman trying to sound like a man. No, he reflected, it actually sounded like a man. The voice was impossibly deep for this young girl. How could that be? She was using a Navajo dialect, distant, but Navajo all the same. What did this mean? Why was this young frail looking girl, obviously not an Indian girl, speaking in Navajo? Second big mystery of the night, he thought, no doubt connected to the first in some way. A queasy anxiety rippled through his gut, as questions raced through his mind. Perhaps she was now possessed by a Manitou. Could she be dangerous to him in some way? Or was she going to die right here in his van? 
She continued talking in the tongue, and getting more agitated. She began gesturing with her hands when she was not understood. He tried to calm her down. "Okay, okay. Yinishy Yanaba. I am called Ya-na-ba. I understand. Yanaba. You're gonna be all right. Just take it easy. Look, I don't understand everything you're saying. I don't speak the language, at least not much. My grandfather taught me a few words that I'm picking up from you, but that's about it..." She continued to rave, half crazy with a wilder look in her eyes. She had been lying on the seat, but now she began to get up. "No," he said, gently restraining her, "you need to stay where you are. You might be hurt. Goddamit, I should get you to a doctor..."
Suddenly she froze in silence. Her glazed eyes turned abruptly past him, and stared anxiously out the window. Puzzled, he turned to look and suddenly headlights washed the interior and swept past the shaded windows as a state police car pull up to the gas station. Two troopers got out, a woman and a man. They went into the station. "Aw shit and shinola!" Blacky said softly. He looked back to the girl and considered what to do. She was looking at him again. The fear seemed to be gone from her eyes now. He turned back to the window and saw the attendant talking to the cops and motioning toward the van. Time to gas up and get out, he thought. "Okay, look, here's the deal, Missy. I'm gonna go put some gas in the van and then we're outta here. I don't want to attract those cops over here. If they see you, they won't understand what's going on, right? They're gonna come down hard on me, you can be sure of that. So just be quiet for a few minutes until we're on our way, okay? Then we'll figure out where you live and take you home. Have we got a deal?" She said nothing, but she glanced out the window, and then back to him. There was no more fear in her eyes. "Okay," he said, "I kinda get the feeling you're on my side here. I appreciate that. Thanks. Be right back."
He exited through the driver's door and went around to the pump, trying to look as calm as he could. He glanced to the cops briefly. They were having coffee with the attendant. They were also watching him a little too carefully, Blacky thought. None of them was smiling. 
He put the gas nozzle in and started the pump. All right, he thought, put three bucks worth in and let's get outta here. He squeezed the handle and gas came trickling out at an unmercifully slow pace. Jesus Christ! If this pump were any fucking slower, the gas would be going the other way!
He glanced toward the station nonchalantly, and saw the troopers moving toward the door. He turned away again and silently cursed the slow gas pump. He heard the door open and clearly heard two sets of footsteps walking his way. His heart was racing faster. Aw fucking shit and shinola, he thought, here we go...
He kept his eyes on the pump handle until he heard the footsteps stop practically next to him. He looked up and saw two extremely tall troopers staring back at him. Even the woman was taller than Blacky. "Howdy," the man said as if pronouncing a judgment. Blacky smiled nervously. "Hi. How y'doin? Nice night."
The woman came closer and rested one leg on the upper level of the island. "Yeah, sure is. Except it's really morning. It's been morning for quite a few hours. What's your name, son?"
Blacky swallowed hard. "Joe...Joseph," he said.
"Where you headed this early in the morning, Joseph?" 
"Manitou...Manitou Springs."
"You live there?"
"Yeah," he lied.
The woman regarded him briefly. Joseph glanced at the meter while he talked. The gas crawled. "Coming back from some bars, are you Joseph?" the trooper man said. "Oh, no," Blacky replied in a forced cheerful voice, "I've been to my friend's place in Pueblo watching some TV."
"TV? You've been watching TV?" trooper man said.
"Yeah, sure. Not much going on tonight. So we watched TV and talked for a long time."
"Oh yeah?" the trooper woman said, "Were you drinking tonight, Joseph?"
Joseph felt sweat trickling down his back. He shrugged, feeling a burning, queasy sensation in his gut again. "Yeah, I had a couple of beers. That's all. Just had a late night, that's all."
"Were you doing any drugs tonight, Joseph?" Trooper man asked. Blacky felt anger rising inside him. Cage it, Blacky! Stay cool!  He turned to see where the gas was at, and could feel the trooper's eyes burning a hole in him. "No..." The digital meter was at two twenty five. His hand was getting tired. He looked to see if there was an automatic shut off lever on the handle, but there was none. "No drugs at all?" Trooper woman asked. "No," Blacky answered calmly, "why?"
Trooper man stepped closer. "The attendant says you were in the back of your van for a long time. Were you maybe rolling dope back there or something else?"
"No, I don't do dope, man. It's not my thing."
"It's not your thing? How about your friends?" He looked toward the van. "My friends?" Blacky said.
"Yeah, got any friends in the back of the van?"
"Nope...no friends in the back...No dope. No beer...I just wanna gas up and go home. That's all."
There was a brief moment of silence as the troopers regarded his words. Blacky felt his legs shaking as the meter finally reached three dollars. He put the pump handle back and replaced the gas cap.
He turned and stood half-facing the police and the station as if he intended to ignore them and go pay for his gas. For a brief moment there was a standoff. The troopers also stood there watching him, as if unsure of how far to take this, and in that moment Blacky sensed they were merely hassling him to see if he was harmless, and that they weren't going to do anything after all. He felt an odd sense of relief at this. He began to breathe a bit easier, feeling that he had somehow won. He took some money out of his pocket. "Um, can I go pay for the gas now?"
"Oh, sure," Trooper man said, "go ahead."
Blacky started for the station, but then his heart froze. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Trooper woman go to the front of the van and shine her flashlight through the windshield to see into the back. Blacky swallowed hard. "Um, is there a problem here?" he asked. Trooper man stepped closer to the side door. "I don't know, Joseph, is there a problem?"
Blacky swallowed again and shook his head. "No..."
"Joseph," Trooper man said, "You look a little nervous there. You all right?"
"Yeah, I'm fine."
"Good. You mind if we look in the back of your van?"
Suddenly his heart fell to his feet. He now saw himself in jail. "In the back? What for?"
Trooper man smiled. "Oh, I think you probably know that."
Blacky shook his head. "No."
"Joseph, I'm giving you a chance to be straight with me. Is there anybody in the back of your van?"
Blacky stared away, realizing the situation was now futile. There was no way to avoid it now. The jig was up.
Trooper man stepped to the side door. "That's what I thought," he said. He opened the door wide. "Okay," he said, "Who else have we got...?"
The trooper man never finished his question. He was halfway in the door when he heard a low guttural growl coming from the darkness in the rear of the van, and he stopped cold. The growl turned into a sinister snarling sound which burned a hole deep in his bowels, and before he could even think to act he saw two flaming red eyes coming at him at light speed. He was suddenly face to face with the largest set of fangs he had ever seen in his life. He heard a horrible scream from somewhere...
He realized it was his own.
#
30

Twilight the Wolf-Girl

Or whatever she was

The first orange traces of dawn could be seen on the horizon as Blacky approached Colorado Springs on I-25. His hands shook on the wheel. He wanted sleep, wanted to sleep and forget all that had happened tonight. But adrenaline was racing through his body, and he knew that there would be no sleep for a while. Besides, he was hungry, and he wanted a cup of coffee in the worst way. And the girl might be hungry also.
The girl, or the wolf, dog, or whatever she was... 
He exited at Colorado Ave, and headed west toward Manitou Springs. There were plenty of places for coffee along this strip. He pulled into the parking lot of a convenience store. Before he got out he looked in the mirror. The wolf-dog lay warily on the back seat, watching him with sentient eyes. Blacky was feeling less fear toward the creature now. The wolf-dog had saved him back at the gas station. "I'm gonna get some coffee and something to eat. You hungry?" The wolf-dog's ears perked up and its head tilted. "Yeah? Well, shit, I don't know whether to get you donuts or dog biscuits. Be right back."
`He went into the store, bought a large black coffee and six donuts. At the counter he began to feel dizzy from weakness and shock. The realization of what had happened washed over him with new force. All those people dead! For a split moment fear gripped his soul and he felt paralyzed. He saw the chaos in the parking lot once again. There were screams, and people dropping all around...
The fear passed and he realized that the clerk was staring at him with his hand out. "You want your change or not?" Blacky took the change absently and grabbed the coffee and donuts. 
Something very strange was going on. 
Evil spirits were loose. Manitou. They had to be Manitou. Grandfather had talked about them, spirits that lived somewhere between the physical world and the world of the dead. And very deadly.
He went back to the van and drove into Manitou Springs and pulled over next to a park. Blacky sat down at a nearby picnic bench. The wolf-dog lay on the grass near him. Blacky selected a plain donut and offered it to the animal. The wolf-dog sniffed it, licked it, then looked away as if unsure. Blacky put it down on the ground. "Well compadre, I can't say I blame you. It ain't the healthiest breakfast around, but they sure taste good with a hot cup of coffee." The wolf-dog stared at him, unconvinced. Blacky shrugged. "Suit yourself."
He quickly downed a couple of donuts and washed them down with large gulps of coffee. He felt better, or at least his gut did. 
Grandfather had also told him about shape-shifters during his apprenticeship. But even Grandfather had never actually seen any. He'd seen plenty of possessions, people who were possessed writhing around on the ground, flailing their limbs wildly, with foam coming out of their mouths. He'd seen certain animals, who he thought were shape-shifted bodies of sorcerers he knew. But he'd never actually seen anyone change their form. Neither had Blacky, until now.
What to do...
He regarded the creature again. "Man, you sure had those cops on their toes!" He laughed out loud. "You surprised the shit out of me too, I'll tell you that, Shikis - my compadre. When you came jumping out I thought I'd shit my pants...But I'll tell you something..." He gave the dog a wink. "I think that cop did!" He laughed again. "When he opened that door I thought my ass was back in jail, man." He reached out and rubbed the wolf-dog's neck. "I don't know who you are or what the fuck you're doing here, but you saved my skin."
The animal maintained its piercing sentient stare. Blacky stared into the animal's eyes. "This is all very weird, you know? What I mean is, here I am talking to you, and I don't know if I'm talking to a dog or a girl. I'm not even sure if I imagined what I saw back there. One moment there's a girl in the back of my van. Then you pop out. I'd sorta like to know who the hell you are before we go any further, you know? I mean, I don't think you're an evil spirit, not like those dudes last night. But you are definitely not from this world.
He turned around so he could lean his back against the table. He sipped the coffee and watched some of the early morning traffic on route 24 going through town up Ute pass, into the mountains. There were a few people walking through the park on their way to work. Each one gave the wolf-dog a wary glance, as if it might charge at any moment, and Blacky thought, man, you have no idea... 
He took another sip of coffee and watched the first rays of the sun illuminating the mountaintops, showering the trees with a shimmering golden color. It was a breathtaking sight, and it calmed his troubled mind. Though the air was cold, he didn't mind. For the moment it felt good to be here. The wind in the treetops began to sing, and he thought of his Grandfather...
#
31

A Memory of Grandfather

It is easy to be angry

They walked in the heat of the afternoon sun, near his Grandfather's hogan, away from the noisy highways and the houses of others, almost two years ago. "Black Feather, you are here to learn the ways of medicine. But you are filled with wild angry ideas which you have picked up from the whites, like all young men your age. You are also a child of the Hopi and the Navajo. This does not please some people in our tribes. But you are my grandson, and you will always make my heart glad."
"Thank you, Grandfather."
"Now I have a thing to tell you, and I want you to remember it. It is this: in this world it is very easy to be an angry man. It is not so easy to remove the anger and replace it with a joyful heart."
Blackfeather regarded the words neutrally. "How can a man get rid of his anger, Grandfather?"
"I will show you. Look at the ground in front of you and choose a rock."
Blackfeather shrugged. "There are rocks all over the place Grandfather."
"So there are. Plenty to choose from, eh?"
Blackfeather sighed impatiently and looked around him, then pointed at a rock about twenty yards away. "There."
"What does it look like?"
"What? Grandfather, it's a rock!"
"What does it look like?"
"It looks like a rock."
"Sit down on the ground."
Again Blackfeather sighed impatiently and did as he was told. "Now what?"
"Now look at the rock again. Look at the shadows and the light. Look at the crevices and the cracks. Look at the tiny creatures which inhabit the rock in those small caves. Look at every piece of the rock, and when you think you have seen everything, get up and sit in another place and look again, and when you have seen every crack in the rock, every hole, every place the shadow can hide, then place your anger there, in all the cracks, and all the holes, and all the shadows. Leave your anger, and then walk away...
Walk away...
Isn't that what he was doing right now? Walking away from a bad crime scene? A really nasty crime scene? 
No. More like running away. As fast as possible. But then, it wasn't as if he had done it. You weren't running away from a crime scene if you didn't commit the crime. He was just looking out for his best interests. Besides, it was the whites' problem, not his.
#
32

Blacky & Twilight Visit Jake

Some bad spirits did them in

Manitou Springs lays nestled in the foothills below Pike's Peak, at the bottom of Ute Pass, a major northwest path to the mountains used by the Ute Indians for hundreds of years before wagon wheels, iron wheels, and Goodyear Tires first began to roll. A small town, whose economy is in no small way dependent on tourism and commerce generated by Colorado Springs, its bigger next door neighbor, Manitou managed to retain its attractiveness as a village without destroying the mountain into which its roots were originally planted, and without sacrificing its integrity to boost its need for tourism.
Jake was having an erotic dream about two beautiful women when he heard a crash which sat him upright in his bed. He flung the covers off, ready to dive out the window or die for his keyboard, whichever came first. "What the goddam?..." 
He heard his cat Sonic scurrying guiltily into a closet to hide and realized some of his dirty dishes now lay scattered on the floor. He groaned, then yelled, "Goddamit Sonic!" He got out of bed, walked into the kitchen and picked up the dishes. "I get little enough sleep around here without your help." There was tomato sauce splattered on the floor. He wiped it up, cursing Sonic's name, sat back down on his bed and considered going back to sleep. What was the time? Seven-thirty. Border line. Too early to get up. Too late to go back to sleep. Might as well stay up.
He put on some jeans and a shirt, turned on the TV and sat down with a cup of instant coffee, making a mental note to kill the cat later. The news was on. The weatherman was just bragging about how nice it was yesterday and getting into a five day forecast of mixed rain and snow, which produced a groan from Jake. It was Spring, but it wasn't Spring yet. "Hope it doesn't rain this Friday when we're playing the Deadwood bar," he said aloud, "that place is a mudhole." The weatherman assured him it most likely would. "Fuck," he said, "what do you guys know, anyway? With all your damn fancy equipment and all, you guys still wind up looking out the window like everyone else. I'd like to hear one of you guys admit it for once." 
After the weather the anchor returned with an update on an alleged multiple murder northwest of Pueblo, which had occurred sometime during the night. The location of the murders was now known to be Lindy's Roadhouse. When he heard the name, Jake sat up rigid as if a bee had just stung him in the back. "What?" He sat on the edge of his seat and turned up the volume. Videotape of the crime scene was not yet available, the anchor said, as police had cordoned off the area and allowed no pictures as yet. At the moment there was no word on how many people had died in what was being called a "confrontational incident." He assured the viewers that videotaped footage of the crime scene would be forthcoming, perhaps within minutes. Please stay tuned...
"Holy shit!" Jake said. "Some of those biker boys must have been busy last night. I hope Johnny's okay."
Jake knew, as did the others in the band, that Lindy's was stomping grounds for a few biker clubs in the area. Many a gang had mixed it up on Lindy's property. But to date Jake knew of only one murder in ten years, and even that had been regarded by police as third degree murder. Someone's gun had accidentally fired. 
Jake stared uneasily out his window for a few moments, contemplating the significance of this news. It brought to mind some disturbing possibilities. He picked up the phone and dialed Johnny's number. He got his answer machine: "Hi, this is Johnny... (live guitar licks in the background)...I can't come to the phone right now...(More licks)...You know the rest...Wait for the beep."
When the beep came, Jake said, "Johnny, you there? Hey, pick up the phone if you're there, man..." Long pause. No one home. Or sleeping? Could be. Johnny was known to sleep through anything. "Pick up the phone, fucker. Hey, man, you there?" No answer. "Guess not. Okay, man, give me a call as soon as you get in okay? I'm wondering how it went last night at Lindy's. I just heard on the tube about some shit going down there. I'm hoping you're still alive. I hate to even think about going to all the trouble to replace you. Gimme a jingle back, man." 
He sat down again and watched TV blankly. Sonic came out of hiding and rubbed contritely against his leg. Jake stroked his fur. "You're forgiven, hairball." 
He heard footsteps coming up the stairs in the hall outside his apartment. He felt his heart pick up a beat. "Johnny?" There was a knock. He bounded to the door and opened it quickly, but the person on the other side was not who he expected to see.
It was Blacky. "Hey, Jake, dude," Blacky said with a tightly-managed smile, "Top of the morning. Um, can I use your phone?" There was a large dog with him. Sonic noticed this too and skittered away promptly.
Jake stood momentarily speechless, trying to connect the dots to this picture, like someone who has just walked in when the lights go on and everyone yells "Surprise!" Before he could answer, the dog was already into the room and Blacky was halfway through the door. Sonic bolted into another room to hide. "My phone?" Jake said, "Yeah, sure, I guess so. Uh, what are you doing here this early in the morning? Just passing through?" Then he realized it was the dog that was wrong with this picture. Blacky didn't have a dog. "Where'd you get the animal? The usual way? Followed you home? To my home?"
Blacky sat down on the couch and the dog laid down next to him. "Dude, you don't know the half of it! I need to call my father. Got any coffee?"
Jake nodded. "In the kitchen. It's instant."
"Okay by me."
"C'mon. So what about the dog? Is he housebroken?"
As they walked toward the kitchen, Blacky looked back and saw the dog staying by the couch. "I suppose so, dude. Probably."
Jake put water on to boil. "What do you mean probably? Is he or isn't he?"
"It's a she, man. Definitely a she. And don't worry, she's cool."
Jake shrugged. "Okay then. So where'd you get her?"
Blacky was hesitant to answer. "Well, I sorta picked her up last night at Lindy's bar."
"Lindy's! You were there?"
"Yeah, man, I was there."
"No shit! Did you see Johnny?"
"Yeah, sure I saw him. We rode out there together."
"You did? Ah, okay..." Jake felt a sense of relief. "I thought Johnny was going alone. Cool. So is he at home? I just tried calling him but he didn't pick up." 
The water boiled, and Blacky fixed his cup. "Where is he?...He's sort of...well, he's not here right now. He's in a different place right now."
Jake laughed flippantly. "Smart ass Indian! I know he's not here! I can see he's not here! That's why I'm asking where is he?"
"He's in a different dimension."
Jake let out an impatient sigh. "Blacky, you know I've always respected your Navajo spirit-shit philosophy. But right now I need to know about Johnny."
"Yeah, dude, I can see that. Don't worry, Johnny's okay."
Jake considered this. He felt some relief, but not much. "He is..."
Blacky nodded and reached for the phone. Jake said, "So where is he, Blacky?"
Blacky shrugged. "I told you."
"Goddamit Blacky! Give me a fucking straight answer!"
Blacky was silent for a moment. "Okay, Jake, dude," he said, "Only let me call my father first. I have to reach him right away, before he goes to his classes."
Jake shrugged and threw up his arms. "Fine, call your father. Call your fucking grandfather for all I care..." Jake stopped awkwardly, sucking in a breath as he remembered Blacky's grandfather had recently died. "Hey, I'm sorry, Blacky. I...I forgot about your grandfather..."
Blacky shrugged. "It's okay."
Jake tried to think of something else to say. He couldn't think of anything. He picked up his coffee cup instead, and said, "Make your call, man. I'll be in here." Blacky nodded.
Jake walked into the living room. The dog lifted its head as he entered, regarding him with cautious eyes. As Jake stared into her dark eyes, he felt the dog's gaze piercing all the way through him like a hot needle through a stick of butter. It made him uncomfortable. 
The TV was recapping the Lindy story so he turned up the volume. 
"...As reported earlier, we expect to have that footage at any moment. Meanwhile, we now know that the number of deaths from the incident has climbed to over seventy people. The cause of all the deaths has not been determined yet..."
"What!...Seventy people?..." Jake was incredulous. "That can't be possible!..." 
Blacky dialed his father's number. There were several rings before his father picked up. Blacky heard the phone slip and fall to the floor. Then there was much fumbling with the receiver. "Lo?...(clearing his throat)... H'lo?" Fuckin' A, man, he's drunk again. "H'lo? Who's there?"
"It's me, pop."
"Blacky?"
"Yeah, it's me. You okay?"
"Sure I'm okay. Why wouldn't I be?"
Pause. "Right. Listen I'm coming over. I gotta talk to you."
"I've got a meeting soon."
"I'll be there in twenty minutes! Wait for me!" Blacky hung up. He muttered "Drunken asshole," under his breath and squeezed back a couple of forming tears... 
"...Current speculation is that the deaths may not have been caused by a confrontational incident between rival motorcycle gang members, but by poisoning of some sort, due to gas or ingestion of tainted food or drink, and...and now I've just received word that we do have some video footage to show you. We feel we must caution you that the footage we are about to show may be considered too graphic for younger or more sensitive viewers..."
There was a picture of a building which Jake recognized as Lindy's. The videocam, from a helicopter, had a zoom in to the roof and was now backing off, widening the shot slowly. Gradually the whole building came into view, revealing the parking lot with several police milling about. Several bodies were lying on the ground. The scene changed to another portion of the parking lot, showing more bodies, mostly backsides so as not to shock the TV audience too much.
"I don't believe this," Jake said. He suddenly had a queasy feeling in his stomach .
A camera went into the bar. The cam lights cast eerie shadows all around, as the lens picked up bodies all over the floor, on top of tables, in chairs, next to chairs that had been turned over. There was a close up of the stage, showing the lifeless band members lying on the stage floor. "Oh God," Jake said sadly, "I know those guys. Oh shit..." He felt a heaviness in his heart.
He heard movement behind him. He paid little attention to it, being transfixed by the grisly pictures in front of him. He could now see the jacket colors of some of the gang members, colors he recognized. He even thought he recognized some of the bodies. "Oh God..." he cried, ""Oh God! That could have been us playing there. Johnny, Johnny, where the hell are you?..."
Wherever he was, Blacky seemed to know, and he was being very evasive about it...
The floor squeaked behind him. He turned around, and for a split moment he thought he was dreaming. He suddenly felt riveted to the floor, unable to move. The coffee cup dropped easily from his hand and splattered its contents all over. He wasn't sure if the dream he was having was a good one or a nightmare, and he wasn't sure that he wanted to know. 
There was a naked girl standing in front of the couch, staring at him. 
"Gaaah!..." He instinctively backed away, tripping over a small table in the process. He crashed to the floor but managed to break his fall with one of his arms. Sitting on the floor, he backed all the way up to the wall, staring in shock at this apparition before him. 
He felt an impulse to scream but it felt like there was a sock in his mouth. Suddenly he had just walked into the house of fright. He wanted to scream because his mind was not accepting this jolting shift in reality, and because that's what you did when something occurred that was so startling that you didn't know what else to do. Never mind that the girl was naked and attractive. 
How did she come to be standing where a dog had been sitting just a moment ago?  
She began to point at the TV and speak in a strange tongue. Jake stared at her, afraid that she was going to leap on top of him and suck his blood. Then he saw Blacky standing in the doorway to the hall, looking surprised, but not as shocked as he was. It was strangely reassuring in a small way, and it brought him a little closer back to reality. "Blacky!" he finally managed to say, "What the fuck is going on here?"
She was still speaking, and Blacky went to her and sat her on the couch. He told her in Navajo to be quiet, and she complied. "You could say she's someone I met at the bar last night."
"You met her at the bar?"
"Yeah. It's a long story." He took off his jacket and put it around her.
"How the hell did she get in? I was just sitting here and she appeared out of nowhere!"
"I know..."
"Where did the dog go?"
Blacky took a deep breath and let it out. "She is the dog, dude."
Jake looked at him blankly. He was still in shock, and still sitting by the wall, ready to jump out the window if necessary. "Look," Blacky said, "I don't really know who she is. But she's a shape-shifter."
"A what?"
"A shape-shifter. Someone who can turn into an animal."
"You gotta be kidding."
Blacky let out a nervous laugh. "Kidding? Hey, you tell me, dude. You saw with your own eyes."
"I didn't see shit. I just turned around and she was there. C'mon, this is a joke, right? Some of your Indian bullshit?"
"No joke, man. If you don't believe me, search your apartment. You ain't gonna find the dog."
Jake calmed down somewhat. Now that the girl had sat down and was wearing Blacky's jacket, he felt more convinced that she was not there to kill him. In fact, she seemed pretty harmless. She was actually frail looking the more he observed her. He breathed easier and got up, moving a few steps toward the couch. "So what is she, some kind of werewolf?"
Blacky sat down next to her. She seemed more nervous to him than before. She watched him somewhat expectantly, as if waiting for direction. "Something like that. Not like the movies though. With the Navajo, only a sorcerer can become a shape-shifter, someone who has attained great power."
"But she's a woman."
"Doesn't matter. Women can become sorcerers too. It's a matter of inner power, not whether a person is a man or a woman."
"She doesn't look like a sorcerer. Hell, she doesn't even look like an Indian."
Blacky nodded. "I know. I had the same thought. I don't think she is a sorcerer. I think she is possessed by a spirit."
"Oh, fucking great! You met her at Lindy's last night, where seventy fucking people died? Shit, man! Maybe she did it!" Blacky contemplated this. "Possible. But I don't think she did it."
Jake moved a little closer. She watched him cautiously. "She doesn't seem to like me," he said.
"You're afraid of her. She doesn't trust you."
"She doesn't trust me?  Why does that sound funny to me?"
"I think she's lost, man. I don't think she knows what's going on."
"Really? Hey, what's your name, girl?"
She looked at Jake and spoke in Navajo. "So far she hasn't said any English, just Navajo," Blacky said.
Jake found himself mesmerized by her. "There's something familiar about her face. I feel like I've seen her before."
"I think she runs with some of the biker dudes.
Jake clapped his hands. "That's it! That's where I've seen her. She's with the Friends. I know Smitty. She's his girl. I think her name's Twilight."
There was a sudden look of recognition on her face, and she began talking rapidly again, with an emotional tone, bordering on crying. Blacky put his arm around her, and she quieted down. "I think you're right, man. I think she understands us," he said, "but she just can't speak." He put his hand on her shoulder. "Is your name Twilight?" She looked at him inquisitively, putting her hand on top of his. Then her hand slid over her heart, and she looked as if she was searching her memory. She looked down as if she wasn't sure.
They were all quiet for a while as the news went on about the incident at Lindy's. Then Jake said, "Blacky, what really happened out there? Was there a gang war?"
Blacky looked at the girl and shook his head. "Wasn't any gang fight that caused this, and it wasn't any poison gas either. It was spirits, man. Bad Spirits."
Jake let out a nervous laugh. "Spirits? Spirits caused all that? Seventy fucking people dead because of spirits? Man, you've been hanging around with your grandfather too long. No fucking way. Poison or gas I can believe, like they're saying on the tube. That makes more sense to me. But I don't understand how spirits could have done away with all those people."
Blacky shrugged. "I don't understand it either, dude. But I was there. I know what I saw."
"What did you see?"
"I saw..." He stopped. His jaw became tight. He wasn't sure how much he should tell Jake. He just wouldn't accept it. No one would. Except maybe Johnny...
"I saw people screaming, running out of the building, trying to get to their cars and their bikes. It was like they all went insane. Then the fog came and surrounded them all. They were dropping everywhere..."
"The fog? They didn't say anything about a fog on the news."
Blacky shrugged. "They weren't there. They don't know."
"So how did you escape?"
"I protected myself with my medicine bag."
Jake glanced at the bag which Blacky always wore around his belt. "What about Johnny?"
"I was able to throw some protection his way."
"So he's okay?"
Blacky nodded. "I think so."
"You think so?"
Blacky let out a tired breath. "I can't explain it to you. But I'm pretty sure he's okay."
"And that's it? That's all you can tell me?"
Blacky nodded. "For the moment, yeah."
Jake stared at the floor in silence. "You really think this is what happened to all those people? Some bad spirits did them in?"
Blacky looked at the TV and nodded. "There was no blood. None."
Jake felt a chill run up his spine. "Maybe you should tell the police."
Blacky shook his head. "No way. They'd never believe me. I've got a record for stealing a car five years ago. I want nothing to do with the police. I'm on the run, man."
Jake nodded. "What are you going to do?"
Blacky glanced at the girl's naked legs and saw she was somewhat chilled. "First off, go get her clothes out of the back of Johnny's van. Then go to my father. He speaks Navajo. Get him to tell me what this girl is saying. After that...I don't have the slightest idea..." 
#


33

Blacky & Luis & Twilight

You did this to be like the others

Blacky drove north of Colorado Springs on I-25 toward his father's house in the Black Forest. Twilight, once again dressed in her own clothes, sat quietly watching the distant mountains in the northwest. Blacky did not have to fight the temptation to speed. At this hour in the morning traffic was backed up in so many places they couldn't move any faster even if he wanted to. He turned on the radio and a news station was reporting the events at Lindy's. He turned the radio off.
He pulled into his father's driveway and cursed. There was no car. Pop hardly ever parked in the garage; it was too full of junk. "Dammit!" he said, getting out. "Wait here a minute, Twilight," he said.
He went to the door and unlocked it. "Pop!" he called, "You still here?" He went in and looked in the garage. There was no car. "Goddamit! Couldn't you have waited?" He looked at a clock on the kitchen wall. Almost eight-thirty. Probably just missed him. Was there any point in trying to catch him at the university? Maybe...
He went to his father's study and looked on his desk for a calendar. He would have his personal calendar with him of course but maybe there was some note here that would tell him where pop's meeting was...
He noticed a bottle and a glass on the desk. In fact, the office smelled a little like whiskey all over, like a bar, like the inside of a whiskey bottle. Blacky sat down in the desk chair and held the bottle in his hands. He felt some rage building up in him and was sorely tempted to hurl the bottle against the wall. A few years ago he would have done so without thinking about it. Now he calmed himself and let the anger pass. He put his head in his hands and wondered what to do...
He thought of his Grandfather...
...Grandfather tended the fire with great care, as if each dried branch was a gift from the Great Spirit. The fire crackled in gratitude as embers flew upward toward the heavens. "A man drinks because he feels much pain, and he wants the pain to go away. Your father drinks because he tries to forget his true blood."
"I don't understand him," Blacky said with a tone of defiance. "How could he forget something like that? How can you forget who you are?"
"Didn't you forget who you were when you were drinking?" Grandfather said with a slight gleam in his eye.
Blacky shrugged. "I drank a lot, but I did it to be like the other guys."
"Hmm. You drank with men much older than you. Always hanging out with elders, eh?" Grandfather winked. "And white men too." 
"Yeah," Blacky said softly, looking into the fire regretfully, "and taking drugs."
"Taking drugs too. Yes, this is so. And you did this to be like the others?" 
Blacky nodded.
"Weren't you trying to be like a white man, and forget your real blood, so you would be accepted?"
Blacky did not answer immediately. But after a minute or so, he nodded. "Yes grandfather. There were times when I wished more than anything else that I could be white."
Grandfather nodded. "You understand your father better than you think." Blacky looked at him and a tear rolled down his cheek. His father had been the great pretender for years, a token on the university staff, wanting to be admired like some museum piece. But he had forgotten his real blood. For him, like so many whites, the paper was more important than the meaning of the words written on them. 
Wasn't he from the same cut of cloth as his old man? Looking for respect from others? All the while not respecting himself? Grandfather was right. He was always right.
Grandfather looked up and regarded the starry sky with deep reverence. He lifted his hand upward, and Blacky looked up also. Grandfather said, "Behold the one who accepts men of all color, with or without their important papers." 
#
34

Angie arrives in Colorado Springs

Could be very dangerous to her

Angie was cold, tired, and very hungry. She had found a place to sleep by the creek, away from the train yard, and hidden from any traffic passing by on the nearby overpasses which spanned the creek and the tracks. She had not slept very long, nor had it been a warm sleep in spite of the fact that she had taken a blanket from the old man. He'd had a few dollars on him, and a watch, so she had taken those also. 
She sat up and observed her surroundings. The freight she had come in on was long gone, headed north to Wyoming. She was in an area thick with brush. The ground had been mostly dry, but the morning was thick with dew, and her clothes were wet in many places.
She stood up and walked down to the creek to stretch her legs. There she washed her face and hands, and observed her dirty clothes. Her knees were scuffed with mud, and her shirt was torn in two places. There were some leaves and twigs caught in her hair. She brushed them out as best she could, but some of her hair had become matted and entangled. How had this happened?
She remembered that there had been a struggle. She had been with Herc and members from the other gang...They had fought. She had become weak, and...
The rest of it suddenly flooded back into her memory. All of it. The sounds of the ghost warriors sending their piercing war cries through the woods, their glowing faces, the sounds of screams in the woods, and from inside the bar. Everyone had been killed. Everyone.
She felt the renewing energy surging through her. As she remembered, she could feel the spirits of the warrior clan swimming around her, and she was feeling power flowing through her. Part of her, the old Angie, was terrified of this new sensation. For indeed it was new. Never before had the warrior clan taken the energy of so many at one time. 
The old Angie resisted this feeling, crying that it was wrong to feel so much power, to even have this power considering the way in which it was taken.
The new Angie felt differently. The new Angie felt wonderful, as if she could float, or walk on the water. She was so radiant with energy that she felt she could summon additional power at will, without...
Without having to soil herself with men, in the usual way. Perhaps it was good that the ghost riders had come. All the abundant life force they had taken had been channeled into her. Had they then released her from her need?
 She closed her eyes and felt the energy within her, swirling in every cell in her body. Not completely. She was not yet released from her need. This energy would sustain her for now, but she would still need to replenish it in time. She realized that she would need more of it from now on. This was disheartening to the old Angie who stood far away at the mouth of a cave, about to be swallowed up forever. 
She sat down and stared into the water. She tried to recall all that had happened to her, but her memory was like a blank page. She was remembering last night, because it was so recent. There were other memories, flashes of names and faces. But she could not piece them together. There seemed no point in trying. The memories were too fleeting. She knew only the craving. But now even that seemed changed.
Still, there might be an advantage here, she considered. She felt capable of drawing energy in faster, in greater abundance. She wondered if this were true. She glanced up at the distant bridge spanning the creek and observed several people and cars crossing.  
There was one way to find out for sure. Find someone to test it on.
A voice inside cautioned her. She would have to use greater care than she had exercised in the past. Some people were capable of great suspicion. It was one thing to draw someone's energy over a period of time. To do so quickly would be too noticeable if not done privately or under cover of darkness. But one thing was for sure.
There were plenty of people to draw from.
For the moment she was feeling hungry. She wanted food. She got up and walked toward the nearest bridge. As she walked the wind picked up and a crow flew overhead, its shrieking caw piercing the air. She stopped and observed its flight. It circled around her three times. She looked to the bridge and saw a dark van driving across. She stared at it, watched it until it was out of sight. A shiver went through her body. Something about the van made her uneasy.
She suddenly realized that not everyone had perished last night. Was this going to be a problem for her? She considered this. It didn't really matter if some people escaped. Only...
She closed her eyes and allowed the energy to form a picture in her mind, a picture of a boy she did not know, and a girl who was very familiar...Who?...
Whoever they were in that van, they had been there last night. There were two of them. One of them possessed something she needed. There could be an advantage there. The other one knew who she was. And that could be a problem.
She realized that both of them together could be very dangerous to her.
The crow circled overhead once again, shrieking as if to get her attention. She stared at it hovering above her, and felt it trying to communicate with her. She closed her eyes and let the energy wash over her. She saw the bird in her mind's eye, and the bird was telling her to stretch her arms out and let them grow feathers and become wings, to change her shape and allow the wind to lift her and send her soaring high above the road, where she could follow the dark van and discover its destination.
She felt very light headed and lifted her arms upward. She could feel her body starting to make the shift.
Suddenly a great pain stabbed inside her head, and she screamed. She grabbed her head as if it might fall away from her body. Dizziness seized her and she fell to the ground. The pain was so intense, like a great sword splitting her head in half, she fainted into darkness.
In the midst of the darkness she saw the blond woman at the mouth of the cave, far away. It was her doing. She was causing this pain. She was not in the cave yet and was still attempting to block her power. And for the moment it was working. Damn her!... 
She awoke sometime later, and the pain was gone. She sat up and looked around her nervously. No one had seen her fall. She had been fortunate this time. She must be very careful that this did not happen in front of others, especially the police. They might lock her away or put her in a place where she would have to be watched, and that would limit her movement. She did not want to summon the ghost warriors again if she could avoid it. Too much of their energy would only bring her closer to being one with them. She did not want that. She would rather stay in another's body than take on that hellish existence. 
She got up and brushed off her clothes. She glanced up at the clouding sky. The crow had long since gone. For now, until the blond woman was shut away completely, she would have to rely on her physical movements to find the dark van again. And when she did, when she found the occupants who had passed by, she felt she would find the key that had brought her here.
For now she must wait a little longer.
#
35

The Return of Johnny Hawkins

Disturbing faces

Johnny Hawkins had been in the most wonderful deep sleep, but now he felt he was about to wake up to the biggest hangover he had ever known. He was somewhere in that middle land between deep sleep and drowsy indifference, feeling as if he was floating in space with his body perfectly supported on all sides. He had dreamed, or thought he had, and was trying to remember what the images had been about, but they were too fleeting, and so he drifted languorously in the realm of sleep for a long period, longer than he could ever remember spending anywhere. An entire lifetime might have passed in this state, or many lifetimes. He could not tell night from day in this place. Not being fully conscious yet, he gave in to the random patterns and scenarios of the dream world. He didn't care, for he was warm and safe in his cocoon-like environment. There were walls all around him, protective walls, soft borders that were flexible and strong. He could press against them and feel them give way slightly and then gently rebound, nestling against him as if they were warm wool comforters on a cold winter night. He could feel his whole body releasing a long continuous pleasant sigh as he sank into deeper and deeper complacence.
And then he began to receive an image of a beautiful woman's face. It seemed a pleasant image at first, and he thought he even recognized her. But then the visage turned into an old man's, with skin chiseled in red stone, whose eyes were cold and spiteful, whose heart beat like the sound of a drum, growing louder and louder.
The image would not leave. He tried to summon the woman's face again, but annoyingly, the old man's face kept returning. It frightened him. Not only did the man's eyes cut right through to his insides, but he was feeling powerless to keep him out. Everywhere he looked he saw the old man's face. He seemed to be trying to break into his cocoon and was succeeding. There was a crack in the wall, and cool air seeped in. It felt uncomfortable, made him feel nauseous, and his head starting hurting. He began to feel like the last time he had been on a long drinking binge.
The cold air began to rush in now. The walls dissolved. Johnny shivered, and suddenly he blinked back into the world he had left eons ago. He made a startled sound as he awoke surrounded by brush. Leaves and twigs lay on top of him, in his hair, in his pockets. Bugs scattered as his reformed shaped invaded their territory. He rolled over and looked around him, confused. He patted his body and then the ground to reaffirm that all this was real. When he was satisfied that it was, he sat up slowly, feeling his head enlarge as he did so. He waited until it regained its normal size, then he stood up. "Where the hell am I?" he said, taking a deep breath and looking around him. It was dark out, but he could see trees and brush all around him. Nothing looked familiar. He was on a hillside. The ground was sloping to his left. He looked up to the sky. It was cloudy. A light rain was starting to fall.
Paranoia suddenly flooded in. "What the hell is going on?" he said aloud. His hands were shaking. He reached to his shirt pocket for cigarettes, but none were there. "Oh great," he said, "do I still have my fucking wallet?" He checked and found it in his usual back pocket. It still had money in it. "What a break," he said, "so now I know I wasn't beat up and robbed. And I'm pretty sure I haven't died and gone to heaven..."
So where the hell was he? He started to walk around to get his bearings. Suddenly he stopped. A face flashed into his mind. A different face this time. It wasn't the old man's. It was...
Blacky.
Suddenly he remembered. He sucked in a breath as fear gripped him. He remembered everything now. There was screaming, panic, in the bar. Lindy's. People were falling.
No, they were dying! Oh God, yes! People were dying! They were being slaughtered by strange looking Indians from hell! The band had been playing, then they had stopped. There'd been a fight in the bar. He had been outside. He'd seen red fog coming down from the mountain. Then it started going inside the bar and everyone began screaming. He remembered Cindy being shot with arrows, and several others being dropped trying to reach their cars.
He made his way through the brush, heading downhill. The ground was slippery. 
He remembered Blacky suddenly appearing out of nowhere, dragging him away toward the woods. Then Blacky had done something to him... Yes, that's right. That was the last thing he remembered. Blacky had done something to him. 
He heard voices in the distance. He stopped to listen. He felt his heart pounding. Were the Indians still around? Somehow he didn't think so. Cautiously he moved closer to the source, and soon saw a clearing up ahead. The voices were louder now, and he saw flashing lights, and then a building. He recognized it instantly. It was Lindy's bar. He was coming from the north side of it. He could make out the parking lot. He stayed where he was for the moment to observe. He saw yellow tape surrounding the building, and there were a few police cars in the parking lot. The flashing light was from a tow truck hooking up a car. No one else seemed to be around. After a minute or so, all the vehicles left. 
"Oh no," Johnny said. He started running through the brush. "Wait!" he yelled. He tripped and fell, getting a face full of mud and leaves, then got up and ran through the clearing to the parking lot. By then the vehicles had gone. 
Johnny looked around. There was no one else here. What day was it? How much time had elapsed?  He walked to the building. The door was locked. He looked in the window. The place was a mess inside, probably left just as it was. Only the bodies had been removed. He turned to look at the parking lot. His van was gone. Either it had been towed, or...
Or Blacky had taken it. Was Blacky okay? Had Blacky escaped with his van?
He sat down for a moment, feeling overwhelmed and depressed. God, he wished for a cigarette! The rain came down steadily now. Seeking protection under the porch roof, for the time being he rested, trying to make some sense of the lost time. He stared bleakly at the raindrops splashing on the muddy parking lot, and listened to the sound of the rain hitting the corrugated tin roof above him.
It looked like there was only one way home from here.
#

36

Luis Palmer 

Tell me everything

Luis Palmer strolled easily down the walk from the cafeteria en route to his office. He had just had an enjoyable lunch with several other staff members, and was now in the company of a pretty young co-ed who was definitely giving him what he would have called, in his younger years, "advances." Of course, he had no intentions of pursuing her, even though part of him did have some desire for her. She was blond; he had always liked blonds. But teacher-student affairs never worked for many varied reasons, not the least of which was usually a considerable age difference, and in his case, the difference was more than considerable. Still, Luis liked to be liked and admired. This particular girl, Helen, was especially bright, pretty, personable, and was making him feel like a god. He loved it. 
In the distance he heard thunder rolling in from the mountains. The already cloudy sky was turning dark, and the wind was starting to pick up. "Oh!" Helen said, "I hope we don't get rained on. We'll get soaked. Then we'll be stuck with wet clothes on."
"We can always take them off until they dry," Luis chuckled. Helen laughed. "Why Dr, Palmer! You're such a practical man! But what would we do until the clothes were dry?"
Luis thought a moment and said, "Try to stay warm." They both laughed.
They came to the administration building, and Luis said, "Thank you for a most enjoyable walk, Helen. Your company is refreshing."
"I enjoyed it too, Dr. Palmer."
Lightening flashed nearby, followed immediately by a rolling thunder. Rain began to fall. "Well," Luis said, "I've got a little time before my next class. Since it's raining, would you like to come up to my office to continue our chat?"
Helen's face beamed. "I'd love to!"
Luis smiled. "Splendid." He opened the door for her, and they walked down a hall and up a flight of stairs to another long hallway. "It's just down this way..." 
Luis stopped. Helen almost walked into him. "Oh dear," Luis said.
"What's wrong?" 
There were two people sitting on a bench outside his office. Luis continued walking. "I seem to have unscheduled visitors," he said.
"Oh. Do you know them?" Helen asked.
"One of them is my son," Luis said.
Blacky stood up as they approached. "Hey Pop," he said. Luis and Blacky shook hands. Luis said, "Helen, this is my son, Joseph. Joseph, this is Helen."
"How do you do?" Helen said awkwardly. Blacky nodded.  They shook hands. Helen looked at Twilight. So did Luis. Twilight stared straight ahead. Blacky said, "This is my friend...um...Twilight..." 
Luis cocked his head slightly, as if he hadn't heard correctly. "Twilight?" he said.
"Well," Helen said, "what an interesting name!"
"Indeed," Luis said. He held out his hand. "Hello Twilight." 
She looked at his hand and then at his face. Her expression was blank. She did not move. Luis lowered his hand. "Well," he said awkwardly, "What brings you and your friend out here to these parts?"
Blacky moved closer to Luis. "Pop, I've got to talk to you."
Luis nodded. "I see. Can it wait until later? I've got a class soon..."
"Please..." He lowered his voice. "I have to talk to you. Something has happened."
Luis regarded these words and reluctantly nodded. "Very well." He turned to Helen. "I'm sorry. I'm afraid we must postpone our chat."
She nodded and smiled. "It's okay, Dr. Palmer. Another time." She turned to leave. "Nice meeting you," she said. Blacky nodded back to her.
Luis unlocked the door. "Well, shall we go in?"
Blacky took Twilight's arm and led her in. Luis observed this with interest. Blacky motioned her to a seat. Then he turned to Luis. "Why didn't you wait for me this morning?"
Luis sighed. "Because I have a schedule to maintain. I can't interrupt it at a moment's notice unless it's an absolute emergency."
"So what does that mean? I gotta take a number and wait in line?"
Luis sighed again and observed Twilight staring straight ahead. "What do you need to talk to me about?" 
Blacky motioned to Twilight. "It's about her."
Luis cast him a serious eye and whispered, "Did you get her pregnant?"
Blacky's eyes widened. He let out a laugh. "No I didn't get her...!" He stopped and took a deep breath to calm himself. "No, that's not the problem."
Luis regarded the girl again. She still had not budged from her position. "All right, Joseph," Luis said, "You've got my curiosity up. What's wrong with this girl?"
Blacky leaned against Luis' desk. "I was sorta hoping you could tell me."
"What do you mean?" Luis said, "Is she ill?"
"No. Well, she might be. Depends on your definition. I think she's..." Blacky shrugged hesitantly.
Luis was impatient for his answer. "Well? What!"
"Possessed..."
Luis stared at his son blankly, as if the word had just left the room without his hearing it. Then it sank in. He stifled a laugh. "She's what?"
"I think she's possessed." Blacky hung his head, realizing how ridiculous he sounded.
Luis stared incredulously, first at Blacky, then at the girl. "What on earth makes you say that?"
"Well, there are many reasons..."
Luis nodded. "Yes? And what would be one reason?"
Blacky suddenly felt extremely awkward. "Man, I don't know where to begin." He wondered if he should tell his father straight out about the shape-shifting. He decided instead to ease him into it. "She's been speaking Navajo."
Luis wrinkled his eyes, not comprehending. "Navajo?"
"Yes."
"And this is not good?"
"She doesn't normally speak Navajo, Pop."
"I see." Luis took a chair in front of her and sat facing her. "My dear... I'm sorry, what is your name again?"
"It's Twilight." Blacky said.
"I'm asking her!" Luis snapped impatiently. "Now then, Twilight, is it true that you speak Navajo?"
She looked into his eyes, saying nothing. But for a brief moment, Luis detected a strange faraway look there, a look he might have seen somewhere before. "You're a very pretty young girl, Twilight. Are you shy? Do I make you nervous perhaps?" Again the look, but no answer.
"I think she doesn't know if she can trust you," Blacky said.
Luis sat back. "Well thank you, Dr. Freud. And how would you know that if she doesn't say anything?"
"She's been speaking Navajo, Pop! I heard her."
"All right. So what? How long have you known this girl?"
Blacky hesitated. He looked down at the floor, unsure about telling his father anything more. But he didn't know what else to do at the moment. "Since last night."
"Last night?" Again Luis stifled a laugh, more unsuccessfully. "You know this girl well, don't you?"
"Look, Pop, there's more to this. There's a whole lot more."
"Yes?"
"Something awful happened last night."
Luis frowned. "Yes?"
"Did you happen to hear the news this morning about all those people dying at that bar?"
Luis felt an odd tension inside at hearing this. "Yes, of course. It's all over the news by now." He didn't want to hear what might be coming next.
Blacky hesitated again. "Pop, we were there! Twilight and me."
Luis' jaw dropped open. "You? You were there? Both of you? Are you serious?"
Blacky nodded. "I'm afraid so, Pop."
Luis was confused. "But... but on the news there was no mention of any survivors. In fact, they seem to have concluded that there were none."
Blacky shrugged. "Well, they're wrong about that."
Luis stared at his son as if for the first time. "My God, Joseph, do you realize what you're telling me?"
Blacky nodded. "Of course I do, pop."
"You... you didn't have anything to do with it..."
Blacky shook his head. Luis looked at Twilight. "What about her?" He looked at Blacky again, expecting to hear another negative. Instead, Blacky shrugged. 
Luis felt his stomach churning with nervous tension. He reached out and gently touched Twilight's face and turned her head toward him. She looked into his eyes so deeply he imagined he felt pain behind his eyeballs. "Twilight," he said, "Can you tell me what happened last night?"
She was silent and still at first. Then after a few moments she stood up. She looked around the office. Luis watched her with some fascination as she pointed to a picture on the wall. She looked at Luis and began to speak in Navajo. Luis sat back, stunned. She walked around looking at other objects in the office, softly speaking Navajo all the while.
"Oh my God," Luis said, "You were right..."
"Is it Navajo?"
"Yes! Yes!" Luis said excitedly, "But not a present day dialect."
"Can you understand her?"
Luis held a finger up to quiet him so that he might hear every word, while Twilight went on as if a switch had been thrown, as if she were talking quietly to herself and commenting about everything in the office. "Yes! It has been a long time since I heard any Navajo, especially this dialect. But I understand her well enough."
"What is she saying?"
Luis did not answer at first. He was completely tuned in to the girl, straining to catch every word. His expression was complete bewilderment. He wiped his hand over his hair. "I don't believe this!"
"What, Pop? What is she saying?"
Luis shrugged. "She says she knows this room well, that she has been here before."
Blacky was taken aback. "What?"
Twilight went up to a picture on the wall. She looked closely at it, then pointed. She looked at Luis and spoke.
Luis had to catch his breath. "What's she saying, Pop?"
Luis shook his head uncomprehendingly. There was some edginess in his voice. "She is talking about the picture. The picture she is pointing to is one taken of me and some colleagues. She says she knows the woman in that picture."
Blacky went up to look at it. In the picture was his father, three men, and a woman. "Oh man," Blacky said, "I don't see how that could be."
Luis shook his head sadly. "Me either. That picture was taken over forty years ago."
They looked at each other in confusion, and Blacky knew his father was intrigued by this mystery, as he had known he would be. It made Blacky feel good to know that.
"Can you talk to her?" Blacky asked.
"Yes, but my pronunciation is not as good as my hearing." He went up to Twilight and touched her shoulder. She momentarily stopped talking to look at him. Luis spoke to her questioningly. She regarded him with a confused look and went on as before. Luis spoke to her again. Still she went on as before. He threw up a hand in frustration. "What is it? What's wrong?" Blacky asked.
"I asked her to tell me her name," Luis said. "She looked at me as if she hadn't understood then went on talking, as you saw. I asked her if she could speak in English, with the same result."
"Ask her if she remembers what happened last night."
Luis asked her. "No," he said, "the same thing. It is as if she is a stuck record. For some reason she is not listening to me."
"Or else she's not hearing you."
Luis thought about this. "Yes, you may be right. She may well be in shock." He went up to her and looked at her eyes. "Pupils do seem dilated, though not unusually so." He felt her face. "No indication of fever. Was she traumatized last night?"
Blacky took a deep breath and thought about this. "Well, I'd say what happened last night was traumatic, yeah."
Luis regarded Blacky anxiously. He wasn't sure how much he wanted to know. But since Blacky was involved he'd better know everything. "I would like you to tell me what happened last night, in due course. But for now, do you know if this girl suffered any physical injuries?"
"I don't think she did. I checked her out."
Luis raised his brow. "You did?"
Blacky nodded. "Yeah, Pop, I checked her out. I checked her head, I felt her ribs, looked at her legs. It was the first thing I thought of. I know for a fact that there is not a bruise on her body."
Luis stared at his son curiously. "You saw this with your own eyes?"
"Yeah, I saw it with my own eyes."
"Are you telling me you confirmed this by examining her naked body?"
Blacky closed his eyes. This was not going well. "I didn't examine her, Pop. It wasn't like that. I just saw her with her clothes off." He held his breath. That did not sound good either. "Look, don't get the wrong idea, okay? Nothing happened between us if that's what you're thinking."
"I haven't formed any conclusions yet, young man. But I'm getting there, and I'm not liking what I'm hearing. May I remind you that you have spent time in jail for stealing cars? How would that look with statutory rape on the next line? Would you like to go back to jail? Actually, you're older now. Now they'll throw you in prison."
"Pop, it wasn't like that."
"Are you out of your mind, Joseph? This girl can't be even eighteen! She's sixteen or seventeen tops!"
"I told you it wasn't like that!"
Luis stared at the floor, breathing more heavily. He wanted a drink. He did not want to argue with his son. He didn't want this girl in his office. He didn't even want his son in his office. He wanted to be alone, just him, a good book, and a stiff drink. He shrugged. "All right, Joseph, if you say so." He looked at his watch. "I'm afraid I have to be getting to my class."
"Your class? But what about Twilight?"
Luis shrugged. "What about her? I tried talking to her. She's not answering me. She's apparently in some kind of shock from last night. And when I get home I expect an explanation about what happened last night."
"But she needs help now. I don't even know where she lives. Dammit Pop! I need your help!"
Luis was surprised. He could not recall his son asking for his help before. "Joseph," he said, "I'm sorry. I don't know what to do. And I'm going to be late. Perhaps the police could help..."
Blacky shook his head. "No, I can't go to the police, not now. They'll want to know why I left the scene. And with my record it won't look good."
"I'll help vouch for you. It'll be all right. They'll understand."
"Maybe. But it's not just that. It's Twilight. She seems so lost. I don't want to just abandon her. And last night at Lindy's. God, if you could have been there!  Pop, there's a lot of strange things going on. There's so much more to this picture than everybody knows from the news. Last night was a nightmare. I saw people falling down left and right. I saw everyone dying all around me. There were spirits, Pop. Bad spirits everywhere. Some kind of Indian spirits. They were doing it. They were slaughtering everyone; they just cut everyone down right where they stood. I didn't know what to do. I couldn't help them."
Luis was dumbfounded. Was he really hearing all this from his own son? Blacky was shaking, on the verge of crying it seemed. And he seemed very pale suddenly. What in the hell had happened out there? "My God, Joseph, it sounds... it sounds horrible. But... Spirits? If what you're telling me is true, then how did you escape?"
"A voice told me to make a circle of protection, like Grandfather showed me. They didn't come near me. They tried, but they couldn't get in. I was scared, Pop."
Luis felt his own hands shaking. He held them together to stop it. He looked at Twilight. "How did Twilight escape the slaughter?"
Blacky looked at her. She had sat down again. She was staring at him with the same neutral expression. He shook his head. "I don't know how she escaped, Pop. But I gotta tell you something else about her."
"What's that?"
Joseph took a deep breath and let it out. He said, "Twilight's a shape-shifter, Pop." 
There was a heavy silence between them for moments afterward. Luis stared limply at Blacky, as if he hadn't heard a word. But he'd heard all right. Something in his mind seemed to have heard all this before, a long time ago. He wrung his hands together unconsciously. He felt sweat trickle down his back. "A shape-shifter... Her? No, that can't be possible."
"It's true."
"Do you know what a shape-shifter is?"
"I learned about them from Grandfather."
"No. shape-shifters are a myth."
"Grandfather says they are real."
"They are not real!"
"Well this one is! I saw her turn into a wolf with my own eyes!"
"Good God! A wolf? Really, Joseph!"
"Why won't you believe me?"
"It's not that I don't believe you. It's just..." He stopped, realizing he had no answer.
"It's just that it doesn't fit here in the city, in the Black Forest, does it? It fits out there in the mysterious desert for people like Carlos Castaneda, who saw many sorcerers take animal shapes. You used to believe in Castaneda."
"Castaneda..." Luis said, throwing a hand up, "He was an academic lunatic. Some people don't even believe in his existence. Besides, what happened to him was different back then."
"Why should it be any different today?"
"He was alone in the desert, taking hallucinogenic drugs! He could have seen anything. The desert plays tricks on you."
"I know all about the tricks the desert can play. I've just come back from there. I've had some pretty good lessons on survival from a master teacher. My Grandfather, Pop. Your father. I believe last night Grandfather saved my life by telling me how to protect myself. I heard him talking to me, telling me this. I know what my ears heard. Just as I know what my eyes saw. I saw spirits murdering people last night. And I saw this girl change into a wolf."
Luis' hands shook more noticeably. He could not contain it. He got up and went to a cabinet and retrieved a bottle. He poured some liquid into a glass and gulped it down. Blacky pretended not to notice. "Something real weird is going on here, Pop. Like it or not I've been thrown into the middle of it. I have to protect myself."
Luis looked at his son. "Are you still in danger?"
Blacky shrugged. "I hope not."
Luis looked at Twilight once again. She was watching him now, since he'd taken his drink. Her expression had not changed. Luis nodded and sat down at his desk. He dialed a number. "Joan? Hi, it's Luis. Fine, how are you? Listen Joan, something's come up and I can't make my one o'clock. Can you take it for me? No, everything's all right. Just a last minute minor emergency...with my son. You can? Wonderful! I'll make it up to you. You can focus the class on Hutchinson, Chapter 17...Great. Thanks Joan." He hung up. His hand stayed on the phone for a moment as he contemplated what to do next. Then he sat back in his chair. "All right, Joseph," he said. "Tell me everything, from the beginning."  #
37

Manitou Springs  Vic

Life seemed to go on as it always did

A cold rain fell, melting much of the remaining snow in the lower lands. From Manitou to Colorado Springs most of the snow had melted. Only in the darkest coldest shadows where the sun never shone was any snow remaining. Now rivers of rainwater running in the gutters and the sewers was a sure sign that Spring had arrived, albeit a cold one.
Angie walked along Colorado Avenue, soaking wet. The rain did not bother her.
Colorado Ave was the main route connecting Manitou Springs and Colorado Springs. In 1871 this area, then a mining town called Colorado City, had been settled and christened Manitou by the miners who had settled there searching for gold. Later, when the natural springs were discovered, the name became Manitou Springs. Once a raucous town, a haven for those looking for whiskey, whores, gambling, and diversions from the tedious boredom of mining labor, now, one hundred and fifty years later, Colorado City's name and infamous status had all but disappeared in the history books, reduced to an anomalous strip which was now a haven primarily for opportunists seeking to supply motels, restaurants, bars, gasoline, fast food and entertainment for the heavy tourist traffic driving through every day. Though officially incorporated to Colorado Springs, unofficially this area had become a glitzy no man's land between the two towns, cut off from the city by Monument Valley Creek and the rail yards at its eastern end. The "valley" was a half mile wide sluice running parallel to Interstate 25. There were several bridges crossing this valley from the north part of town to the southernmost reaches. The Colorado Avenue bridge was the main route heading west toward Manitou Springs, Ute Pass, and westward to Woodland Park, Cripple Creek, and ultimately many ski resorts.
In the warmer weather a few hobos lived under this bridge. It was generally considered a safe shelter. The police usually left them alone unless there was gang activity in the warm summer months, at which time they patrolled it regularly. Currently, on this rainy afternoon there was only one hobo there. 
One very dead hobo, recently eliminated by a blond woman testing her increased powers. The man had been fairly young and strong. Now all that remained was a pile of clothes and ashes where his body had been. The woman had discovered to her satisfaction that she was able to draw energy quickly from this man, without having to resort to the usual time-consuming and copulative methods that all of the others had required. It had taken only a few moments in this case. She was internally pleased with this prospect. She had stared at the remains of the man, and had quickly gathered his clothes and burned them in a fifty gallon drum the man had been using for a stove.
Now she walked westward along Colorado Avenue, in the rain. Though she was soaking wet, she was not bothered by the drizzle; she felt recharged. But she also felt hungry and thirsty. She passed a tavern called the Pioneer Inn and she went inside. 
It was a good sized bar-and-grill decorated with knotty pine walls and plenty of cheap flashy western art showing pictures of Indians, and cowboys busting broncos, and at least two scantily clad dance hall girls, and a buffalo head above the cash register. There were several men at the bar, and some men and women seated at tables. They all stared at her when she walked in. Music played from a juke box. Two pool players stopped their game to stare at her.
She noticed this, and an internal alarm went off. She sat at the bar and counted three dollars and eighty two cents in her pockets. The bills were soaked. 
Once again she noticed the stares, and she saw her reflection in the bar mirror and realized how dirty she looked. The bartender came down and asked her what she wanted. She asked for the bathroom and he pointed the way. She went in to the ladies room and saw a lady at the sink who gave her an uncomfortable stare and now hurriedly finished her washing up and left the room. Alone now, she stared at her reflection in the wall-sized mirror. She was shocked by what she saw. Her face was practically black from streaks of dirt, and black hair coloring that had bled from the rain. Her clothes were dirty, torn, and smelled badly. She took them off and began to wash herself at the sink. She scrubbed herself using paper towels and what little soap remained in the dispenser on the wall, then washed her hair in the same manner, then used the electric hand dryer and paper towels to dry herself off. When she was finished with that she dressed once again and examined herself in the mirror. She could not fix the clothes, but she looked cleaner. Even her hair looked better than it had. She combed it out as best she could with her fingers. Then she walked back to the bar amidst continued stares from the patrons. The bartender came up to her. He whispered to her, "Look lady, you can eat here, and you can drink here. But if you want to clean up go get a room at the YMCA, okay? You've had that hand dryer going for twenty minutes! I got other customers here!"
She looked at him neutrally at first, reading his response. She smiled and said "Okay, next time I'll go to the YMCA. Now can I have a hamburger and a coke?"
The bartender regarded her for a moment. "A hamburger and a coke, eh? Sure lady, coming up."
"And some cigarettes. Camels."
He turned to go, then stopped. As an afterthought, he said, "Look lady, I don't normally ask this. But you got any money on you?"
She felt some fear moving through her gut. "Sure, I got money. I just got caught in the rain, that's all."
The bartender put his hands up. "Hey, fine. No problem. But I get a lot of homeless people coming in here, you know what I mean? I like to see cash on the bar. This is a cash on the bar kinda place, you know what I mean?"
She nodded and pulled out a dollar from her pocket. She realized that if she wanted to eat she was going to have to mindset this man. She motioned to him, and he came closer, a curious expression on his face. She took his hand and pressed the dollar into it, saying softly "Can you change a hundred?"
He gave her a queer look and examined the bill. He laughed. "Sure lady, I can change a hundred, if you got a hundred!" He threw the bill back on the counter. "Maybe you better check your bankroll again. Last time I checked, Ben Franklin's face was on a hundred. This guy looks a lot like George Washington to me!" He leaned on the bar with a hand on his hip and laughed.
Angie stared at the bill, surprised. It hadn't worked! Why not? "Well?" the bartender said, waiting, "You got any more presidents in there, or is that the only one?"
Angie was completely perplexed. Why hadn't it worked? She took out the rest of the money she had. Three dollars and twenty cents. The bartender laughed and shook his head. "I figured as much. Well, I'll say this for you, sister, you're original. Nobody's ever tried to con me like that before. And I've been conned by the best!" He laughed aloud. She looked at him with some fear, fighting the feeling rising inside her that she was losing her power, afraid of what she might have to do to get it back. He leaned forward on the bar. "Time to go, baby."
She stared at him. He said, "I mean now! Adios. Get the hell out of my bar!"
Two bar stools away, a middle aged man had been watching all this with interest while nursing a bottle of beer, and smoking a cigarette. He was lean and rugged looking, wore a brown cowboy hat with a weathered brown leather jacket over jeans and boots. Now he smiled at hearing this. No doubt the girl was homeless with little money, and her con game needed a lot of work, but she looked hungry. And he'd bet that underneath the dirt and torn clothes she was probably attractive. She was probably an okay kid.
"Hey Hal," he said, "Lay off and get the kid a hamburger and a coke. Unless of course you'd like a beer, miss?" He leaned toward her as he said this. She smiled slightly at him and nodded. "What'll you have?" he said. She moved over one stool and said "I'll have what youre having."
He laughed and slapped the bar. "No BS around here, right Hal?"
"I'm not so sure about that, Link," Hal said smirking with his eye on the girl.
"Ah, never you mind, Hal. I got a few presidents in my pocket, and it ain't exactly a one man convention." He winked at the girl. "So get this young lady a hamburger and a beer on me... and some cigarettes too."
Hal shrugged his shoulders and nodded. He drew a bottle of Coors and tossed a pack of Camels in front of her, then went to write up the food order.
"Thanks," Angie said, "I really appreciate this. It's awful nice of you."
"Ah, awful's got nothing to do with it. My name's Link McCoy." He reached out with a big hand, and she shook it. "Link McCoy?" she said, "You sound like a western movie star."
He laughed. "I wish I was, lady. Then I'd have a lot more presidents in my pocket. Say, what's your name?"
"It's Angie."
"Angie! Well ain't that a nice name. Nice to meet you, Angie."
"Thanks, nice to meet you too, Link. You got a light?"
"Do I ever," he said, holding out an old Zippo lighter and flicking the wheel. She held his hand steady and lit her cigarette. Then she took a satisfying drag and gave him a gratifying smile. "I am so very hungry," she said, "you don't know just how hungry I am."
Link sat back, took a gulp of his beer, and he smiled broadly at her. "Boy, I do know that feeling," he said, undressing her with his eyes.
Down at the other end of the bar a younger man sat watching both of them, and strained to hear every word they spoke to each other. He thought he had recognized her. He wasn't sure. When she had first walked in, he'd paid little attention to her, although even then, though she appeared to be covered in dirt, there was something about her that made him turn his head toward her. Still, she seemed insignificant: homeless, tattered, and about as unattractive as they come. It wasn't until she came out of the bathroom that he took a second hard look, and recognition set it. He had seen her somewhere before, west of here, in the mountains somewhere. In the winter, perhaps. As he listened to them talk, he paid closer attention to her voice and the memory became clearer. He had definitely seen her before.
It was at Bosky's bar. One very snowy night. He wasn't completely sure yet. After all, it had been a queer night. He and his friends had gotten rock stoned from Chucky's pot, then they went to the bar and he'd gotten pretty wasted, almost too wasted to remember the night. Almost. But he remembered the girl. She was beautiful and sexy, yet something about her was strange. She had done something to him, made him feel dizzy and sick as a dog afterwards. It had taken him a week to get over it. 
"Another beer, Vic?" Hal asked.
He shook his head back into reality. "Oh, yeah, sure, Hal. Gimme another one."
Vic stared at them and unconsciously began to bite his left thumbnail. Could this really be her? The resemblance was strong. And the voice sounded like hers, at least what he remembered of it. Could it be? Was this one of those amazing coincidences that happened every now and then, or was this girl simply a look alike?
She had her back to him while she talked with Link. Once she turned around and glanced his way. He kept his face hidden by turning away, but their eyes met briefly. She did not seem to recognize him, which he was not sorry about. But the look in her eyes sent a shiver down his spine and made him feel queasy. This had to be the girl, he thought.
And if it was? Then what? He considered this. If it was her, then maybe it was time for some payback. The longer he looked at her, the more clearly he remembered the night at Bosky's, and the more anger he felt burning within him. She had humiliated him. He had come on to her, but he was simply being straightforward with her; the direct approach. What was wrong with that? Was that any reason to humiliate him the way she had? That had been cruel. He had never treated any girl that way, not any that he could remember. No one deserved to be humiliated like that.
So what to do about it? he wondered. If this was her, then he wanted to find out who she was, where she lived. Maybe he should introduce himself again? No, he decided. She looked like a pretty weird chick from where he was sitting now. She had been pretty then. Tonight she looked, well, changed in some way. It wasn't just the dirty hair and worn clothes; it was something in her face... something changed. And anyway, she was obviously a homeless chick. And no money either. He wanted nothing to do with her... outside of getting even with her. For now he would wait. He was off work and he had some time on his hands. He would hang out for a while, and keep an eye on her.
And when she left, he would follow her and find out where she was staying.
#
They sat at the bar for three hours. Link downed four beers in that time; she was on her second. Vic sat at the bar for a while, then played some pool with a couple of bar patrons. Then he sat at a table by himself, eating pretzels, feeling bored and restless to leave. Finally he saw both of them get off the stools and put on their coats. He grabbed his own coat and followed them out the door.
They began walking east, toward the bridge. Vic followed a half block behind. The sun had set behind Pike's Peak an hour ago, and though it was still light out, the air had turned cooler. Shades of darkness could be seen in the eastern sky, slowly advancing westward toward the city. It would be dark inside of an hour. 
They stopped next to Link's red Ford Ranger pickup. Vic stopped where he was. His own car, a blue Camaro, was just ahead also, across the street from Link's truck. He crossed the street, keeping his eye on them all the while. They were talking and gesturing, Link toward Manitou Springs, the girl toward the bridge over Monument Creek. Vic reached his Camaro and waited. They were still talking. But now she put her arms around him and hugged him tightly until he laughed. She dragged him a few feet further, and he threw up his arms complacently and went along.
Wherever they were going it was to be on foot, Vic thought. Perhaps she had a place close by. He continued to follow on his side of the street, slowly, hanging back so he wouldn't be seen.
They walked for two more blocks. They're going to cross the bridge, he thought. But they did not. They turned down a street just before the bridge and came to a gravel road which dead ended. From there a path had been worn down a steep hill toward the creek. Vic ran up to the path to keep them in sight and then hissed as his shoes slid on the gravel to a halt. He froze.
They were just at the bottom of the hill, making out with a fury. Vic stayed motionless, holding his breath, certain they had heard his shoes on the gravel. He was in full view if they should look up the path. But they didn't. They went on kissing for another minute and then they broke away. She took Link's hand and led him toward the creek, under the bridge.
Vic crouched down to his knees, unsure whether or not to continue. Their intentions were pretty clear at this point, he thought. Only they were going to do the deed here, under the bridge, instead of going off to her place, or Link's. That definitely threw a wash on his plans to find out where she lived, unless he wanted to wait until they were done. Maybe it was better to forget the whole thing. After all, he wasn't even completely sure it was her that he had seen at Bosky's. And he felt nervous about spying on them. He knew Link, and he'd sure feel like a damn fool if he got caught watching them screwing by the creek. Then again... 
Vic smiled as he reconsidered. What the hell. Might as well have a little adventure before heading home. Something to tell the boys at the bar. Link gets it on with a homeless chick. He'd never live it down.
He made his way carefully down the steep slope of the path, almost slipping. Daylight was gradually fading as darkness descended on the town. Down here by the creek it was even darker. Cars driving on the bridge overhead had headlights turned on. Vic stayed close to the slope's edge, where tall weeds were growing. He lost sight of Link and the girl temporarily. He had a good idea of where they were, directly under the bridge, down close to the water, where there was a thicket of more brush. One could easily lay down in it and keep out of sight. Vic thought, if I were going to do it, that's where I'd go. He made his way closer.
Then he heard a sound which made him stop in his tracks, a sound he could not identify at first. But it was so close he heard a snap of caution echo through his brain, thinking it was an animal, or a snake. It came from his left. Staying motionless, he slowly turned his head in that direction, and he suddenly shook with a fear he had not known for a long time.
They were just twenty feet away, in full view of him! He was partially concealed by the tall weeds, and now he dropped down quickly and silently. Shit! He thought, I practically tripped over them! I've got to get out of here before they see me! This is a lot closer than I wanted to be.
He began to back off slowly, but then stopped. He listened to the noises coming from their direction. He heard an odd sound which seemed to be a combination of breathing and sucking, like someone taking a long deep breath, or drawing through a straw when all the liquid has gone. It did not sound like the usual bump and grind noises he expected to hear. And Link... he was groaning, but it sounded more like he was in pain. Vic wanted to see...
He raised himself up, and when he saw them he felt the blood suddenly drain from his face, and he now wished he had stayed at the bar and minded his own business. 
She appeared to be kissing him. She held Link's head in her hands and her mouth was solidly on his. That looked normal enough, at first. But Link's position seemed very awkward. His legs were bent, as if he could not stand. In fact, Vic realized, she seemed to be holding him up by his head! Link's arms hung limply by his side. He was groaning, but it was not because he was having an orgasm...
Vic felt himself shake. He wanted to turn and run away as fast as he could, but he felt frozen to the spot he was on.
Suddenly Link let out a long groan and his body slackened and dropped as if all the energy had gone from him. His whole body now hung as limp as his arms. She began to lay him down on his back, straddling him as if she were going to sit on his stomach. But she simply crouched slightly and continued to hold his head in her hands with her mouth over Link's, making that awful sound, like a long drawn out sucking breath with no exhale. Link's arms dangled loosely, his fingers an inch or so above the ground.
Vic was shocked. Link was a big man. How could this girl hold him up like that? And just what the hell was she doing to him? Whatever it was, he realized, it must be the same thing she had done to him at the bar. Only this time it appeared to be full strength.
He crouched down and closed his eyes, feeling cold fear run through his veins. He wanted to be anywhere other than here. He suddenly thought, Is she killing him? Should I charge both of them and help him? What do I do now? Maybe Link is really okay and I should just get the fuck out of here like I should have done in the first place! He stood up again. He took another look at Link's limp body, and a closer look at Link's face. It looked odd, like... like he had aged forty years. His eyes looked dark and hollow, like empty sockets. The daylight was rapidly disappearing down here, and it was hard to tell if the darkness was playing tricks on his eyes, or...
Or Link was already stone dead, and there was nothing he could do about it.
Vic sank down again. He was shaking so badly he was afraid to move. If she could do that to a big guy like Link, what could she do to him? He had a pretty good idea. In fact, from previous experience, he knew he had a very good idea. Goodbye Link. Goodbye Vic. Talk about the kiss of fucking death!... He closed his eyes and silently cried in agony over what to do. Link was already gone. There was no way to help him.
 Suddenly he heard movement in the brush and he cringed. She was coming toward him! He had been discovered! His impulse was to run like mad and hope that he could outrun her. But he could not get up. His legs gave out and he lay there crouched in the weeds with his arms over his head like a small boy hiding under the covers. He expected to feel her death grip on him any second.
But it never came. She walked right by him and kept on going. He heard the sound of her footsteps thrashing through the weeds as she made her way back toward the path leading up to the street. Vic held his breath as he slowly got to his knees to get a glimpse of her. He saw her emerge from the brush, walking quickly, retreating toward the path. Slowly he got up from his spot, keeping his eye on her lest she should turn around and see him. He waited until she had reached the slope and scurried up the path, then he moved over to where Link lay. He stood over him, and felt dizzy.
Link was not there, not really. His clothes were, but Link's body had completely dehydrated. All that was left of his body were small mounds of ash sticking out of his shirt and jeans. Vic picked up a boot and turned it over. Out fell a sock, followed by a stream of ash. "Oh my God," Vic said, feeling nauseous, "She's a fucking vampire!" The sight of the remains overcame him and he turned to the side to vomit. When he finished he went back to the remains and checked Link's pockets. Keys and wallet were missing. She had taken them. 
And that meant she was headed for his truck. 
He ran toward the path. If he hurried he could still follow her in his car to see where she was going next. He felt adrenaline racing through his body as he ran. All of his senses were on alert. He looked around him, expecting her to jump out at him from any spot. Whoever this girl was, she was definitely not human. She had just murdered Link. She had to be stopped. He had to do something about it. He had to go to the police. Yes, he had to go to the police.
He reached the path and ran up. He was out of breath when he got to the top. He paused a minute, breathing hard, sweating profusely. Then he began walking down the road quickly, wondering if he could still catch her.
When he was almost at the corner, a red Ford Ranger pickup suddenly turned the corner coming straight for him. He felt panic rushing in as he jumped out of the way. The truck slowed down, and he saw her face staring at him as she passed by. Her eyes looked dark and cold, and they burned into him. He felt his body shake when she looked at him. Keep walking. Don't stop!  he thought. He walked on, and when he came to the corner he turned around to look. She had parked by the path, and stood next to the truck. She was watching him.
As soon as he turned the corner, Vic burst into a hard sprint for his car, not stopping until he got there. He jumped in, started the car and sped eastward across the bridge. He was still out of breath, still shaking uncontrollably. He kept checking the rear view mirror, expecting to see the Ford Ranger tailgating him.
He stopped at a red light on Cascade Avenue in the middle of downtown Colorado Springs and got his breath back, keeping his hands on the wheel to stop them from shaking. He glanced in the mirror again. Several headlights glared behind him, waiting impatiently for the green. He looked left and right. Cars drove by with their usual speed; people crossed the street in a normally hurried manner. Traffic was generally heavy this time of day, as usual. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. Life seemed to go on as it always did. 
But Vic knew that nothing from now on would ever seem normal to him again. From this moment he would live in fear of that girl, of that awful sound she had made when sucking the life out of poor Link, and of that menacing look she had given him on the street back there, a look of recognition, a look that sent a chill through his bones and a message to his brain that was clearer than any printed or spoken word. She knew.
She knew.
#
38

Mose Hartlick Connects Some Dots

If you have all the dots

Mose Hartlick walked briskly down the hall from his office to the coffee machine. Though he walked with authority, as he usually did, he was weary inside. He was 'driving on fumes only', as the saying went. He nodded to a passing officer as he poured himself yet another cup. How many was this? He couldn't remember. He'd lost count by now.  For a brief moment he could no longer remember if it was early evening or late night and he checked his watch even as he yawned. It was 10:32 P.M. Jesus! Long day! Too long. He should be home in his sweat pants, favorite checkered shirt, nursing a beer, smoking a cigar, catching up on the local news, watching the spin guys mug for the camera and try to diffuse each other on Nightline...
On the other hand, he considered, it was just as well he didn't watch the news tonight, for he knew what he would find there: plenty of talk about the recent killings at Lindy's, and the heartbreak of families who had lost loved ones there; those same families were decrying the incompetence of the police department in cleaning up gang warfare, drugs, prostitution, robberies, and every crime known to man; the wild raucous life of motorcycle gangs, complete with film clips of Jack Nicholson in "Hell's Angels On Wheels"; and as a bonus, a special report on the tragedy of the band that could have been destined for musical greatness in their time, but for a simple twist of fate...etc., etc.
 The news always played up the emotional angle, he thought, just like the tabloid magazines. Forget the straight facts. Just give us the heart wrenching details, and don't leave anything out. We don't want to be informed; we just want to feel their pain, and be glad it was them and not us...
Mose went back to his office and sat down. He lit a fresh cigar and put his feet up. He could feel his mind ticking, ticking like a clock, like a time bomb, and he knew it would not stop until it had exploded... until he had figured out the mysteries that had been dumped on his desk in the past couple of days, random mysteries that he felt were connected, like grade school puzzles that teachers sometimes gave to their students: connect the numbered dots and see the hidden picture. A simple enough task.
If all the dots are numbered... 
If you have all the dots...
Dot #1: the mass murder at Lindy's Roadhouse. That was enough of a mystery for any sleuth. No motive was apparent; no weapons could be found. The cause of death in every instance had been myocardial infarction due to extreme hyperstimulation of the sympathetic nervous system: fear induced heart attack. And what had caused this mass fear? Hypnotism? Drugs in the beer? Really bad music? None of the above?
 Dot #2: the sudden appearance of a mystery eyewitness, a local rock and roll musician named Johnny Hawkins, who was picked up walking down Fordham Road by a state trooper. He admitted to having been in the bar that night and told a weird tale of bloody zombie Indians with glowing eyes killing people left and right. He also admitted smoking dope and drinking several beers. At some point during the massacre he blacked out and didn't remember anything until he woke up in the woods nearby. He had no idea why he wasn't himself killed.
Mose grilled him for a long time on his story, which he felt contained more holes than a no trespassing sign in the middle of hunting season, so many holes there was nothing there to construct a story out of. He claimed to have gotten a ride to the bar from one of the band members; he did not recall when he blacked out or why; he did not know how he ended up in the woods. Mose suspected half truths. He was reasonably convinced Hawkins had nothing to do with the killings, but that he was lying about certain aspects of his story. Why he was lying was another matter. To protect someone else possibly. As for the zombie Indians, well Jesus Christ! What to do about that one? Time to lay off the pot, Johnny, and switch to decaf...
Then the media boys busted in and had a field day with him. Possible eyewitness or alleged murderer? Suddenly Hawkins was all over the news. The initial coverage had been negative, that Hawkins was somehow tied in with some crazy cult of bikers, and all except him had escaped (or committed suicide). Hawkins had been released earlier that day with an admonition not to talk to anyone, especially media, about what he thought he had seen. 
Dot #3: The next dot was a college student named Vic Walton, who had come in a couple of days ago, scared out of his mind. Said he'd witnessed a murder down by the creek by some "she creature" that was half human. This creature had apparently sucked the brains out of some poor soul named Link McCoy. As Walton told his story, Mose felt his mouth getting dry, and his head throbbing. He did not want to be here listening to this. He'd felt the same way when Hawkins was telling his story. Still, as far-fetched as the story sounded, he knew he had to check it out. 
The two young men were vastly different in character, Mose considered. Hawkins certainly came across as a doper. Most musicians were, weren't they? Hawkins had never made it past high school, and spent much of his time playing music in bars. As for Walton, he was a college student living the high life on campus off his rich father's money, and working at a record store. Basically a jock and a party-goer. Both men were prone to heavy drinking and pot, from what Mose could deduce. This might be enough to dismiss many embellished "facts." However, when describing the events as they happened, both men revealed genuine horror and revulsion at what they had seen. In his opinion, they could not have faked this. And why would they? Walton had come in voluntarily, visibly shaken. He had seen something all right, something which had reduced him to tears at various points in his story, not the least of which was his conviction that the she creature was out looking for him.
Walton had taken them to the bridge, to the spot where the crime had taken place. The terrain was sand and stone, with weeds abounding everywhere, and there had been no trace of a decomposed body. Someone had certainly been there, some hobos, no doubt; no surprise there. They hung out under the bridge all the time in warmer weather. Mose put a couple of plain clothes men on watch, in case she should return.
Dot #4: Link McCoy was certainly missing. According to his wife, he had not been home for two days. Mose ordered a dragnet of the area, and within twelve hours McCoy's pickup truck had been found, in a shopping mall parking lot on the east side of Colorado Springs. The truck was searched inside and out, swept clean and dusted for fingerprints. So far nothing had turned up.
Dot #5: The next dot was a report from the Canon City police concerning one Bobby Feldman, who had died several weeks ago of a wasting disease. The coroner's report said cause of death had been myocardial infarction due to breakdown of the immune system while under the stress of sexual activity. The body had been horribly wasted away to skin and bones. The cause of disease was unknown, attributed to some form of bone or lymph node cancer. Feldman had apparently been a healthy specimen until a month or so before his death.
Dot #6: In itself, the previous report would not have attracted Mose's attention but for a police report filed one week earlier, reporting that Feldman's car had been stolen. It had been found in Pueblo, although not in one piece. The thief was purported to be Feldman's girlfriend, a mystery blond known only as Angie, Angie, or Angel.
Dot #7: a body had been discovered in a Soo Line railroad freight car in Cheyenne, emaciated beyond recognition. Most of the skin had wasted away, and even the bones had deteriorated to the point of brittleness, as if there had been nothing left of the body except a pile of clothes and some ashes. The train had passed through Pueblo and Colorado Springs. That same train had, in fact, spent the night in the freight yard across the creek from where Walton had claimed to witness the murder...
Very interesting, Mose thought. The dots were connecting, but the picture was not making much sense. He chewed his cigar with an unconscious vigor and stared across the room at a map of the metropolitan area. He still needed more dots for this picture...
The phone rang, and it jarred him back into the present moment. He hit the speaker phone button. "Hartlick here."
"Hello Captain, this is Bud Murdock, Denver Pathological Institute. I have the report you wanted on the Ford truck."
"Hello, Bud. What have you got?"
"You want the long version or the short one?"
"Hey, it's after ten-thirty. Take a guess!"
Murdock laughed. "I hear that. I'm faxing the report to you now. Short version is: we found ash remains on the seat and floor of the cab."
"Ash remains, huh? I don't suppose you're going to tell me they're cigarette ashes?"
"No Captain. Not tobacco. Human. Definitely human remains."
"I see. Can we verify who it is?"
"I'm afraid not. We have no tooth samples, no DNA to work with, no hair strands. The ash is pretty clean, carbon, calcium, probably bone. And before you ask me, I'll tell you right now. I have no idea how it got that way. All I know is it wasn't fire, and it wasn't natural aging."
Mose smiled at this last comment. "Care to speculate?"
There was a pause at the other end of the line. "Well Captain, I can tell you this much: Human remains don't get that decomposed until they've been in the grave for a pretty long time. The person you're looking for could be an archaeologist with a bag of samples... or a grave robber."
Mose snorted a laugh. "Okay Murdock. Thanks for putting in extra time on this one."
"No problem, Captain. Good luck."

Mose hung up the phone and for a long time he stared doubtfully/indecisively at the map on the wall, specifically the area by Monument Creek, while he chewed his cigar into oblivion. "...Could be an archaeologist with a bag of samples... or a grave robber..." The echoes of Murdock's words were spinning cog wheels in his mind. He threw his cigar in the waste can. 
"Or something half human..." he mumbled to himself.
It was time to go home.
#
Part III - Affirmation






39

Jake at Murphy's

Who says Im hiding?

Jake brought a couple of bottles of beer to a table in the back of "Murphy's Hideout" and sat down. Eric Clapton filled the bar with "Layla," while a mostly youthful crowd laughed, yelled and partied on with happy hour. Ribbons of smoke floated in the air, gently swirled and buffeted by passing bodies. For a few moments, Jake sipped and quietly observed the crowd, especially noting the attractive females in tight jeans. Occasionally he cast a tentative look across the table at Johnny, who fingered a lit cigarette and stared at two empty bottles in front of him with an expression that looked morose even though his eyes were concealed by dark sunglasses. His long hair was tightly braided and concealed under a dark felt beret. He wore a green trench coat with the collar turned up. Except for the burning cigarette, he appeared motionless. The corner of Jake's mouth smiled as he pushed the fresh beer closer toward Johnny. "You know, you're not fooling anybody," he said.
Johnny acknowledged the statement with a faint lifting of his head. "Hmm?" he said.
Jake sipped his beer and sat back in amusement, watching his friend. "That cloak and dagger get up, my good man. It doesn't work here! It especially doesn't work here! In case you forgot, everybody here knows who you are." 
Johnny raised his shoulder slightly with a shrug. 
"It's dark in here! So why are you hiding behind those Foster Grants?"
Johnny dragged on his cigarette and returned to his former sphinx-like position. Only his mouth moved. "Who says I'm hiding?"
Jake laughed. "Yeah, right. Good question, partner. Very good question, 'cause the answer is: It ain't working!"
Johnny responded with another half shrug and a drag on his cigarette. Jake sipped some beer. "Look, I understand how you feel," he said. "It's unsettling being a sudden celebrity, especially when the publicity is all negative. But why dress like this? You're sticking out like a sore thumb! You're better off letting your hair down and letting everyone see you just as you are. Nobody cares anyway."
Johnny dashed out his cigarette and lit another. Then he took a long swig of his fresh beer. When he put the bottle down, half the beer was gone. He burped and resumed his sphinx position. "You want a shot?" Jake asked. Johnny didn't answer. Jake signaled a waitress and ordered two shots of Crown Royal. When they came he held up one shot and pushed the other in front of Johnny, next to his beer. "Here's to... what'll we drink to?"
Johnny stared at the same spot on the table. Jake put his shot down. "Don't you want it?" he asked. Johnny said nothing. Jake shrugged. "Okay, I'll wait until you're ready. I ain't going anywhere." He sat back with his feet on the bench and watched the crowd. "I got nothing but time tonight." 
They sat there in silence while the juke box played three more songs. Jake tapped his fingers in rhythm on the table; Johnny sat there stiffly, with an occasional drag on the cigarette to show he was alive. Finally he took a deep breath and let out a deep sigh. Jake looked over at him. "What's this?" he said. "Do I detect movement in this pile of clothes sitting before me?"
Johnny dashed out his cigarette and picked up the shot glass. "Fuck!" he said. Jake picked up his glass also. "Okay, I guess I can drink to that." They both drank. Johnny set his glass down with a slight shiver as he felt the whiskey go down with a burn. "Jesus!" he said.
Jake smiled. "I don't think Jesus was a Crown Royal man. He was more of a Crown 'o Thorns kinda guy."
Johnny cracked a smile at this feeble joke. "You know, that was good. I think I want another one."
"What? Another shot or another joke?"
"Another shot. I definitely don't want another one of your jokes."
Jake waved a hand in the air. "Well then I guess I won't plan on being a comedian when I grow up."
"That's good, 'cause you ain't grown up since I first met you."
"Sarcasm is the sincerest form of admiration," Jake said, taking a drink of his beer. He called Marla the waitress over and ordered two more shots. When they came, he said, "Okay, now that you've risen from the land of the undead, I want you to tell me how you're doing right now. And then I want to ask you about what happened at Lindy's the other night. If I get you drunk enough, maybe you'll actually tell me the truth for once."
Johnny shrugged. "Anything's possible."
"So how are you doing right now?"
"I feel like shit. Next question?"
"Why do you feel like shit?"
"Because my name and picture has been plastered and slandered all over the place! My name is linked with these murders at the bar."
Jake sat back. "Naw. Nobody really believes you had anything to do with that scene."
"No, maybe not. But now I'm forever linked with it, like Anthony Perkins with Psycho. He might be a talented actor, but the people see Norman Bates, no matter what role he's in. That's the way I feel now. I've been on TV. I've been in the newspaper. I've been on radio. I've had calls from all over the country, even the National Enquirer, offering me vast sums of money if I reveal how I really did it! They even offered to fill in the blanks with their own theory. All I have to do is agree to it."
Jake's eyes widened. "Really? Hey, could be some easy money there."
"Are you kidding? I don't want anything to do with any of them! I don't care about the money! Right now every person in this bar is thinking 'I wonder if he really is mixed up in this?' That fucking detective Hartlick told me not to leave town. He doesn't trust me. Nobody in here trusts me."
"Why do you say that?"
"Because usually people are swarming all over us when we come in here, especially... the chicks."
Jake looked around and saw several people glancing their way, and then looking away again, as if avoiding eye contact. "You do have a point there," he said, "No wonder I have this feeling I'm not going to score tonight. Must be the company I keep."
"Goddamit!"
"All right, all right, I was just kidding. Relax, you're making a mountain out of a molehill. This whole business will blow over soon, they'll catch the people who did it, then you'll be off the hook. You never know, this might be great publicity for the Rangers."
"I don't know, man."
"What?"
"I don't know if they're going to catch whoever did it. They're going to have a hard fucking time catching up with them because from what I could tell these killers were already dead."
Jake stared at him silently. "These guys were really creepy," Johnny said, visibly disturbed. His hands began to shake as he lit another cigarette. "They didn't look real. And what I mean by that is, they didn't look normal. And what I mean by that is, these guys weren't alive! They were like zombies from some other world, you know what I mean? I've never seen anything like it. They just kept coming out of the fog, cutting people down everywhere..."
"But not you..."
"No, not me. I don't remember much. I was pretty drunk and stoned at the time. I remember a lot of confusion, and everybody panicking. There was screaming and crying all over the place. I could hear screams in the distance, coming from up the mountain. And all this red fog shit pouring in through the windows, the doors, the fireplace, even through the cracks in the floor. I mean, it was everywhere! Meanwhile, people are trying to get to their cars, only their cars aren't starting. My van didn't start either. I saw people getting cut down right in the parking lot, just a few feet away from me. God, I've never been so fucking scared in all my life! I thought I was a goner. I figured I was next. But then somehow in all the confusion I found Blacky, or he found me. He looked scared, like everyone else, but he wasn't panicky. Everyone else was nuts, but not him. Actually, now that I think of it, he was probably the most together person I can recall seeing at that moment, kinda like he knew... like he knew what was going on.
"The next thing I know I'm waking up two days later, buried in leaves, walking down the road in a daze, getting picked up by the police, handcuffed, brought to the station, interrogated, surrounded by reporters, photographers, video cams, the works! Talking to a detective who's giving me screwball looks like I'm some kind of Charles Manson..."
"Hey, he let you go. That's gotta tell you something."
"Well, I don't think he's convinced that I didn't do it. I think that goes for everyone else too."
"I don't think you did it."
Johnny looked up at him and nodded while flicking the ash off the cigarette. "Score one for me."
"Don't worry. They'll find the guys who did it."
"Yeah, right. Anything's possible."
Jake leaned forward. "That's right, man. Anything is possible. We know that some pretty strange things have been happening lately."
"You got that right partner."
"You've seen some bizarre shit at Lindy's..."
"Have I ever."
"...and I've seen something very bizarre too."
Johnny tilted his head, his first real head movement in several minutes. "What did you see?"
Jake looked hesitant. He leaned forward and whispered, "I saw a dog change into a naked girl." 
Johnny stared at him neutrally, then removed his glasses. His jaw was tight. His eyes were suspicious slits. "What?"
"I saw a dog change into a naked girl, right before my eyes."
Johnny's expression turned into manic anger. "Goddamit! Are you yanking my chain? I don't need this shit from you right now..."
"No no, man, I ain't shitting you! I really did see this!"
Johnny was quiet for a moment as he regarded this statement. He let out a single guffaw. "You know, normally I could make a big joke out of that," he said, "like waking up in the morning after a huge drunk and finding a beautiful girl has turned into a dog instead of the other way around. But at the moment I'm too depressed, so I'll believe you. After what I saw the other night, I'll believe anything."
"Well then, check this out. Here's a riddle for you: what does your horrifying night have in common with my bizarre morning after?"
Johnny stared at him, trying to think of an answer, then shrugged. Jake answered, "Blacky."
Johnny's eyes turned into narrow slits. "Blacky? Ha! He slapped the table, wobbling the bottles. Heads turned their way briefly. I might've known, that little fucker! What else has he been up to, besides driving my stolen van all over town again?"
"Oh, this is a good one, at least as good as your story. Our little Black Feather has learned some new tricks while he's been away."
Jake told Johnny all that had transpired in his apartment with Blacky and the girl. Johnny was transfixed and said nothing until Jake was finished. They ordered two more beers.
"You know," Johnny said, "There's no way I would ever believe a story like that if I hadn't seen what happened the other night with my own eyes. Even now I'm tempted to think this is bullshit. Even coming from you."
"Well it ain't bullshit, partner. I'm telling you what I saw!"
"I hear you. Fact is, I do believe you. I don't know why exactly. I scarcely believe what happened to me. But now I'm wondering why."
"Why what?"
"Why it all happened. If those people at the bar were killed by ghosts instead of people, then where'd the ghosts come from? And why did they do it?"
Jake shook his head. "I'm asking the same question about this girl Twilight. How does she figure into all this? And Blacky?"
"I wonder if Blacky had anything to do with this."
Jake looked surprised. "Blacky? Not a chance. Are you serious?"
"Serious as a heart attack. Like you said, he's a common denominator here. Why is that? He just happens to be at the bar with all those zombies; he just happens to be at your place with this girl who turns into a dog, a girl who was also at the bar. It seems a little too strange a coincidence. So what's the connection?"
"I'm sure I don't know," Jake said.
"Well, maybe Blacky has been fucking around with the black arts. Maybe he called those zombies."
"But why would he do that?"
"I don't know. Maybe he was working on a spell to attract some girls and he got the spell wrong."
Jake laughed and drank some beer. "No, you're barking up the wrong tree. Besides, you're forgetting something. All those people at the bar are dead. But you are still alive... thanks to him."
Johnny looked down contemplatively at his beer and lit another cigarette. "Yeah, I must admit, that's the wrench in the works. Why should he save my ass? I've always given him nothing but shit when he's around. I don't get it."
"Probably a case of hero worship. I remember he always wanted to shoot your Colt."
"Yeah, I remember that. I think he just wanted to wear it around."
"Like you."
Johnny laughed. "Yeah, like me. I went shooting today. I plugged fifty rounds into that target. I put a lot of faces on them too."
"Thanks for sharing. Was my face on any of those targets?"
Johnny laughed again. "Your fucking face is always there."
Jake finished his beer, stood up and stretched. "Gee, it's nice to be loved."
"Where you going?" 
"To the bathroom. Want another beer? Wanna come?"
"Yes, and no; in that order."
"I'll try to pick up a couple of young girls on the way."
"On the way in or on the way out?"
Jake laughed without answering and strolled his way through the crowd. He dodged Marla the waitress who carried a tray load of long neck beer bottles and gave him a wink as she passed. He smiled at her. He felt a hand on his arm and looked over to see a short brown haired girl pulling herself closer to him. "Hi Jake! How's it goin'?"
"Great Doreen! How are you?"
"Oh...fine. You know."
"Yeah, I know," he said. Whatever that means, he thought.
"I'm gonna come see you play at Arnie's in Denver next week."
"That's wonderful, Doreen! I've always loved you, you know."
Doreen's eyes grew bigger. "Really?"
"Sure," Jake said, taking her hand and kissing it, "See you in Denver." He moved further through the crowd, nodding to several people as he went. He passed a man carrying six beer bottles in each hand. "Hey Herbie! Save some beer for the rest of us, huh?"
"Hey, Jake! You want one of these?"
"No, I've already got my twelve, thanks," Jake said. The man laughed. Jake moved on and was stopped by another girl. "Hi Jake!"
"Hi Kris! Hey, you look terrific tonight!"
"Well thank you! I'm so sorry to hear about Johnny."
Jake gave her a curious look. "What about Johnny?"
Kris, obviously feeling her drinks, was looking around the bar for faces she knew. "Oh, I heard that he wasn't doing too well; I heard he sorta went maino last week at Lindy's."
"What do you mean by that?"
She looked at him with a surprised expression, and he could see from her bleary-looking eyes that she was probably not in the least sober, though her body movements did not reveal this. However, her speech was definitely slurred. "Didn't you hear about all those murders out there?"
"Of course..."
"So how come he's still alive I'd like to know?" 
Jake was stunned. "Jesus, Kris! What are you saying? You think Johnny killed all those people?"
Kris waved a dizzy hand in the air. "Oh God, no! I mean, he couldn't have done that all by himself, right?"
Jake was momentarily speechless as she moved away through the crowd. He moved on to the bathroom and went in, taking his place in front of a stall. As he relieved himself another man took the stall next to his. "Hey, how's it goin?" the man said. 
Jake nodded without looking over. "In a few more seconds I'll be doing just fine."
"You guys playing a lot?"
Jake shrugged. "Sometimes. Often as we can."
"Pretty competitive out there."
"Sure is."
"I've been hearing about all that nasty shit at Lindy's bar."
"Yeah, who hasn't?"
The other man finished his business quickly, zipped up and flushed. "Well, at least you've got one less band to worry about now." Jake turned to look at him as he left. He never saw his face. 
He finished his own business, suddenly feeling a shift in his mood, feeling pissed off, at what that man had said, at what Kris had said. 
He exited the bathroom and stood observing what he could see of the bar and its patrons. He noticed glances turning his way, then back again. One woman looked at him, then whispered to her companion and he turned to look also. Others were also staring at him, though they seemed to be trying to avoid locking eyes with him. He thought he detected a noticeable lull in the conversational chatter. 
He glanced toward the back, where Johnny sat once again in his sphinx-like position. There was an obvious space around him, like an invisible guard extending outward from the table about ten feet. Beyond that perimeter people gathered and crowded. Inside the zone was no one, except Johnny. He hadn't noticed that before. It made him angry to see that. He looked around the bar again and thought, fucking assholes. 
Well, he couldn't do anything about people's opinions, except hope that all of this attention would die down soon. For some reason Johnny was getting the brunt of all this. In time it would all pass and things would be back to normal. The publicity, however negative, just might be good for the band. Stranger things have happened, right?
Yeah, right, Jake. Anything's possible.
He moved through the crowd and made his way to the bar. The bartender was too busy to take his order right away. Marla was also busy, so he waited, leaning against the bar with one foot propped up on the floor rail. He stared straight ahead across the bar into the mirror and observed himself. In spite of a few excess pounds he saw an attractive man staring back. Secretly he felt ashamed of his excess weight. But women still seemed to be attracted to him. They had always trusted his youthful face, and it had served him well in business dealings too. Go figure...
A man next to him nudged his arm and said, "I heard you and Johnny were out at Lindy's the night all those people got killed."
Jake shook his head, watching the bartender, not wanting to engage in talk with this man. "No, that was Johnny, not me."
"Too bad. What the hell happened out there?"
Jake turned to look at him and realized he didn't know what to say. How could he relay the information that Johnny and Blacky had told him? Who would believe it? "I don't know, man. Johnny doesn't even know what happened."
"Whatta you mean he doesn't know? He was there, wasn't he?" The man, Jake realized, was drunk, and sounded willing to argue about anything at all. "He didn't see what happened," Jake said.
 "That ain't what I heard," the man said, slurring his words.
"What did you hear?" Jake asked, interested in hearing the current barroom scuttlebutt.
"This is the work of goddam cultists and devil worshipers," the man said pointedly, "He's gotta be one of them. Lookit the facts. If he was the only one left alive, then as far as I'm concerned..."
Jake nodded. "Excuse me," he said. He moved to another spot closer to the bartender. He looked back and saw the drunk man was still talking, oblivious to his absence. "Sheesh!" he said, "Some fucking people just don't have a goddam clue."
"Hey, tell me something I don't already know."
Jake turned and saw Marla dump some bottles in the trash. "How's it goin' big guy?" she asked. "Women troubles?"
Jake laughed and put his arm around her. "I wish, Marla. Tonight, I wish that's what it was. No, tonight the problem is narrow minded, bigoted people!" He raised his voice somewhat, resisting an urge to shout it out. "And the real problem is, they're everywhere!"
Marla patted his back. "I know, dear. It's the way of the world. You can't change it. You can only take care of yourself."
Jake smiled and kissed her cheek. "What a wise woman you are, Marla! But if that's true, then how come I can't attract the bartender's attention?"
"Because tonight he's busier than a one-armed traffic cop. And because you're cute... but not as cute as me. Hey, Tony! Two more, dear?"
Jake nodded. "Big ones and small ones."
Tony came running over and Marla ordered shots and beers. They were delivered in a moment. "See?" she said, pleased with herself, fluffing her long curly red hair, "you just gotta know the territory." She grabbed a tray of fresh drinks and hurried away.
"Thanks, sweetheart!" Jake called after her. He looked around the bar and watched the faces of the busy drinkers getting more and more flushed and animated, the smoke getting thicker, listened to the chatter getting louder and louder. Even the music had been turned up to compensate. He stared at the two beers and two shots before him and suddenly found himself thinking about the countless drunks he'd met in his life, in this bar and dozens of others all along the foothills and mountain towns. They were all the same. They were all mired in the same problems, reacting in the same explosive ways, they talked the same slurry language, argued the same idiotic debates with each other, and occupied the same bar stools on any given day. What did they really know about anything even when they were sober? How many of them in this bar, right now, knew anything about what really happened at Lindy's? How many of them had seen what he'd seen just a few days ago?
Things happen, he thought. Sometimes things change, and when they do your whole outlook changes forever, because after that nothing ever looks the same again.  He stared sullenly at the drinks in front of him. For a moment he was sorely tempted to leave the drinks on the bar and walk away, out the door, down the street, get in his car and head south to New Mexico. He thought of several places he could move to...
At some point - he didn't know how much time had passed - he was aware of a presence next to him, somebody staring at him. He turned to look, and an attractive woman with blond hair had taken a seat and was eyeing him, smoking a cigarette. She gave him a turned up half smile, and he thought, she looks very familiar.
"Hi," she said, making it quite clear that she meant to have a conversation.
Jake was still trying to place the face. "Hi," he said back.
She glanced at the drinks. "Are those for someone special, or are they up for grabs?" 
Jake's eyes were locked into hers. "These here? Um, they're for a friend of mine."
"A friend? Well, lucky her."
Jake smiled. "My friend is a he."
She raised her brow. "Oh... Then lucky him."
Jake laughed. "Are you for real, or are you just putting me on?"
She propped her chin on one hand and flicked ash off the cigarette with the other. "At the moment I'm trying to find out what your preference is. Men? Or women?" She took a drag and blew some smoke his way. "And maybe then get you to buy me a drink."
Jake leaned against the bar, amused and definitely attracted. "So that's the plan, is it?"
"That's the plan, short and sweet."
"Man, you don't beat around the bush, do you?"
She smiled secretively at him. "On the contrary, I beat around very slowly, and for the longest time. It's more fun that way."
Jake suddenly felt sweat drop down his back and a stirring in his loins. "Do we know each other?"
She sat back in her stool. "I think we do."
"From where?"
"Oh, from Pueblo maybe."
Recognition began to set in. "Oh yeah," Jake said, snapping his fingers, "I remember now. It was Wade's. We met at Wade's, a few months back, I think. The band was gigging that night."
She smiled and nodded. "And you were very good too."
"Okay, now everything fits together. So what are you up to tonight?"
"At the moment I'm still trying to determine your preference."
He laughed. "My preference is definitely women."
"That's what I thought, but these days you can't always tell."
"That's true. You never know who you're hooking up with unless you ask first. It's safer that way."
"It's good to be safe, isn't it?" She moved, her face coming closer to his.
"Well, I like to feel safe with people... with women." He watched her moving slowly closer to him. He saw her intention, and he didn't mind at all.
"You're safe with me, Jake, safe as a baby."
Their lips met. He felt the softness and yielding of hers, and it sent lusty stirrings throughout his body. The kiss lingered on and on, for what seemed like several hours, and when his hardened boner could stand no more, he pulled away from her and caught his breath. "Whew! What a night this is turning out to be! Did that really happen or have I just bought too many of these tonight?"
She smiled. "What does a girl have to do around here to get a drink?"
Jake pushed a bottle and a glass toward her. "Would you like a shot and a beer?"
She leaned against the bar and lit another cigarette, then reached for the shot glass and held it up, gazing with thirsty eyes past its contents at him . "My favorite," she said.
Jake lifted his glass with some tentativeness, and said, "Um, what was your name again, darlin'?" 
She laughed. "So you don't remember me as much as I remember you."
Jake shrugged an apology, adding a disarming smile. "Oh, I remember certain details about you well enough," he said, "I remember your eyes, your blond hair - which was black then - your laugh, the way you moved on the dance floor... I remember our kiss."
She laughed. "We didn't kiss when we first met."
Jake gazed at her with sultry eyes. "Well maybe it wasn't happening in your head, but it was happening in mine! I have a very good imagination...and usually I have a very good memory. Except right now. After that kiss you have to tell me your name."
While the rest of the noisy bar chattered on, she grew quiet for a moment, a half smile lingering on her face, and her eyes stayed riveted to his while she clinked his glass with her own. "My name is Angie."
Jake clapped his hands together. "I knew it! I knew it! Angie! It was right on the tip of my tongue. That's just what I was going to say."
Angie laughed. "Oh brother, what a line!"
"It's not a line," Jake protested with a laugh, "it's the truth. Well, okay, it is a line. It's a whopper of a line. I didn't really know...But it would have been my first guess!"
"I'm sure."
They drank the shots, and Jake called Tony down and ordered two more. Then he nuzzled his face closer to Angie, close enough to feel her hair against his cheek. She did not pull away. He said "So what's a nice girl like you doing in a life like mine?"
She laughed. "What's a life like yours?"
He laughed and put his head in his arms in mock despair. "Oh, lady, if you only knew what woes hath befallen my life lately, and my friends too." 
"What sort of woes?" she laughed.
Jake leaned against the bar and contemplated the backdrop of people. "Oh, the usual pitfalls, I guess. Life's a bitch, then you die. You wake up late, the toaster doesn't work anymore, the door doesn't close right, the car won't start, people are judgmental assholes. But that's the small stuff. One day the big stuff happens, and then things just don't seem the same anymore."
"Did something big happen?"
Jake took a drink of his beer. "Oh yeah."
"What happened?"
He waved his hand. "Oh you know, that business at Lindy's bar, the murders and all."
She said, "Yeah, I heard about it, a little anyway."
"A little? Jesus! Where the hell have you been?"
She shrugged. "I've been on the road a lot."
"Oh. Well, you must have been alone a lot too. Around here it's all anyone's been talking about."
"Do you know what happened?"
Jake smirked. "I got the whole story from the horse's mouth."
"Really?"
Jake smiled like the proverbial cat that ate the canary. He swept his hand over the heads of the crowd. "Cast your eyes to the back of the bar. Do you see a solitary wretch of a figure, a miserable looking sad sack sitting all alone, who whiles away his time tonight feeling sorry for himself? Not that I blame him..."
Angie nodded. "I see him. Who is he?"
"One of the survivors of that holocaust."
"He was there?"
"Yep."
She tried to get a look at his face. "You said one of the survivors. You're saying there's more than one?"
"There's two more."
"Really... Did they see who did it?"
"Johnny and Blacky did. That's Johnny back there. You met him in Pueblo same time as you met me. Blacky's a young Indian who likes to cast spells. Then there was a white girl named Twilight who likes to speak in Navajo..."
Angie became rigid when she heard this. She grabbed Jake's arm. "What?" 
Jake cried out in pain from her strong grip pulling him close to her. "Hey! What are you doing?" One of the beer bottles spilled over. She pulled him closer to her and reached up to his face, bringing it closer to hers. She said, "A girl named Twilight?"
Jake nodded. "Yeah. Do you know her?"
She released her grip on his arm, and he rubbed the sore spot. "Yeah, I know her very well," she said, "I had no idea she was there." She sounded apologetic. "Sorry about your arm. I was just so surprised to hear that."
Jake shrugged. "It's okay."
"Do you know where she is now? I'd love to see if she's all right."
"Well she's been staying with Blacky and his old man. She seems okay. And then again, she ain't okay at all. She's been showing off some very peculiar traits."
"Yeah? Like what?"
Jake laughed. "Let's just say that the animal comes out in her every now and then."
"What do you mean by that?"
"Nothing. Forget I said it. Let's talk about something else."
She grabbed his chin and brought his mouth gently to hers. They kissed again. Jake was in ecstasy. When they parted, this time days later it seemed to Jake, she smiled sweetly at him and said, "Jake I want you to tell me all that you know about what happened. Every detail. Will you do that?"
Jake smiled. "Maybe. What's in it for me?" He lifted his eyebrows a couple of times.
She smiled back at him, looking deeply into his eyes. "I promise you I'll make it worth your while."
#
40

Johnny Meets Lucas

You did the right thing out there

In the back of the bar Johnny had finished his beer, and sat contemplating the empty bottle in front of him. Jake had been gone for some time, and it seemed apparent that if he wanted another beer he'd have to go get it himself, or else get Marla's attention. He snorted a quiet laugh to himself. Lotsa luck there. Marla was a good waitress, and a good looker too, but at the moment she was like the wind, in all places at once.
He lit another cigarette and resolved to get up and go to the bar, when a young man sat down across from him. Johnny did not recognize him. The man, who looked to be older than Johnny, was completely bald. He was dressed in a black tee shirt and jeans, and like Johnny, had sun glasses on. The two men stared at each other. "Hey," the other man said.
"Hey yourself," Johnny said, sitting more upright.
"You're him, ain'tcha? The dude from the bar?"
"What dude from what bar?" Johnny said cautiously.
The other man lit a cigarette. "You know. From the bar down south. Where everyone got killed?" He whispered these last words.
Johnny swallowed hard. "I think you got me mixed up with someone else."
The other man smiled, revealing two missing front teeth. "Oh, no, you're him, all right. I seen you on TV. You're him all right." He laughed.
"What do you want?"
The man put his hands up defensively. "Hey, it's cool, man, it's cool. My name's Lucas." He held out a hand.
Johnny stared at it, making no move. He felt himself trembling, and suddenly wished he had his Colt .45 strapped to his leg. "What do you want?" he repeated.
Lucas nodded acquiescence and put his hand back. "That's cool, man. I can dig it. I just come over to say hi, 'cause I seen you on TV and heard a lot of the rumors. And now that I seen you, I can dig it. Sometimes, you just know what a guy's about, just by looking at him, you know what I mean?" He nodded at Johnny, grinning all the while with his cigarette in his mouth.
Johnny was trying to read the man. Nothing was emerging on his inner scope. "What the fuck do you want?"
Lucas laughed. "Hee! hee! I love your attitude, man. I'm one with it. Fuck everybody! I can dig it, man. I'm right there. I just wanted to shake your hand and say hi, and let you know I'm there, man. I'm a believer. I think you did the right thing out there."
Johnny rolled the beer bottle loosely in his hand, considering it as a potential weapon. "What the hell are you talking about?"
"I'm talking about the power you wielded that night, man! His power! I can only imagine what it must have been like..."
"What?"
"You are truly blessed, man! How did it come to you, in a vision? Did he speak to you? Did he tell you how to do it? Did he give you the power, or have you always had it?..." He leaned closer so he could whisper. Johnny trembled inside. "...Or did he actually appear and do it himself?"
"Who are you talking about?" Johnny said gripping the bottle more firmly. In his mind he was setting up the move: one good smash to the head, then run like crazy. 
Lucas sat back, as if bewildered. "Who am I talking about?" He looked back and forth. "I"m talking about him! The lord. The all powerful one. Who do you think I'm talking about?"
Johnny shrugged. "God?"
Lucas sat motionless. Johnny could feel his eyes cutting through those sun glasses right into him. Slowly Lucas dashed his cigarette in the ash tray with firm deliberate jabs. The smile was gone from his face, and now Johnny noticed blazing fire tattoos on both his forearms. The word Lucifer was boldly emblazoned in Calligraphy on the left one. For the moment, from the way Lucas was glaring at him, Johnny feared for his life. "Not God?" he said.
Lucas snorted. "No, man. I ain't talking about that fucking asshole!" 
Johnny managed a controlled laugh. "Look partner, I don't mean no offense, but you got me confused with someone else."
Lucas nodded slowly, not completely convinced. "Maybe you're right, man. Maybe you're right. I felt the energy when I came in, but now that I'm sitting here, I don't think I feel it anymore."
"Right, man, that's because it ain't here." He waved his hand. "It's probably over there somewhere. Why don't you go check, huh?"
Lucas was still nodding. "Maybe you're right, man. Sorry to bother you."
"No problem."
Lucas got up, and before he walked away, he leaned forward, looking into Johnny's sun glasses. "You sure you ain't him?"
Johnny shook his head. "No man, I ain't him."
Lucas stood up again. "Well if you ain't him, then how the hell did you escape all those angels of death?"
Johnny's eyes widened. He felt his heart pounding. "What angels?"
Lucas smiled, showing the gap between his front teeth. "The riders, man."
Johnny felt a large lump in his throat. "Were you there?"
Lucas shrugged nonchalantly. "Oh no, man, I wasn't there. But I felt 'em, all right, just as clear as if they were in the next room. What a feeling! I wish I could've been there. You're a lucky man..."
Lucas walked away and disappeared into the crowd. Johnny felt relief watching him go, and sat back in a stupor, catching his breath, aware that sobriety and alcohol were gradually waging a war for his soul. But he was trembling for another reason. He lit another cigarette. So, he thought, it's come to this. It's bad enough that people here are avoiding me like the plague. But now I'm starting to attract the weirdoes too. 
Jake came back and set a beer and a shot in front of him. "Hey partner, how's it goin'? You'll never guess who I've been talking to." He sat down.
Johnny snorted a laugh. "You'll never guess who I've been talking to either."
"Yeah? Who?"
"Lucifer."
"Lucifer? The devil?" Jake laughed.
"Yeah, man, he was sitting right here. You just missed him."
"Damn! Me and my bad timing!"
"So who did you meet?"
"Remember Angie, from Pueblo?"
Johnny stared into space. "No..."
"Sure you do. We were playing at Wade's. We were sitting with her at the bar, tall, dark hair, but now she's blond, good looking, liked me better than you..."
"Oh yeah, right. I don't remember her face."
"Considering your condition right now, I'm not surprised."
"Do I look that bad?"
"Well, here's a tip: keep your sun glasses on and don't move."
"So where is she?"
"She's at the bar."
"Why didn't you bring her back here?"
"Because we're leaving, that's why."
"You're leaving? Where are you going?"
"We'll probably hit another bar, and then go back to my place."
Johnny felt betrayed. "You're taking her home?"
"Yeah, I'm taking her home. Anything wrong with that?"
#
41

Angie Meets Lucas

I think you got something I want

Angie sat at the bar, smoking a cigarette, and sketching on a bar napkin. She had been doodling on the napkin unconsciously, staring into the mirror across the bar, at the dozens of people milling around the room. Several men had come up to her since Jake went to deliver Johnny's drinks, trying to hit on her; she ignored them all as if they weren't there. She put her cigarette out and looked down at the napkin. What she saw made her suck in a breath. On the napkin was a peculiar design, a circle divided into four quadrants by a cross. In each quadrant was a series of shapes and designs she did not understand. At least not for the moment. But there was something very familiar about this drawing. She had seen it before. Rather, it was he who had seen it before, a long long time ago. He who was inside her now.
She suddenly knew it was the reason why she was here.
She looked in the mirror again, and saw a man with sun glasses standing close behind her, staring intensely into the mirror back at her. He smiled when she saw him. He was a bald man, and his front teeth were missing. She turned in her stool to look at him. He was tall, dressed in black, with tattoos on his arms. He was drawn to her. She could feel the darkness of his aura. There was much power in him, strongly connected to the other side.
He stood there waiting, wanting to be drawn in to her, like a consort awaiting permission to approach. "Well?" she said, drinking in his dark eyes. "What do you want?"
To anyone else he would have appeared menacing, but she could sense emotion welling up in him. "It's you," he said, "I thought it was him, that other guy over there. But I was wrong. It was you all along! You're the one with the power."
"Come closer," she said. He stepped closer until he was directly in front of her. "What if I am?" she said. "What's it to you?"
He seemed genuinely moved, and confused. "I don't know," he said, "but I think you got something I want."
"Oh yeah? What's that?"
"The power! The riders are all around you! Even now. But they don't come. They can't!" He laughed aloud. "Not until you call them!..."
She quickly reached up and put her fingers over his mouth. "Shh. Not so loud. You can see them, can't you?" she said. He nodded. 
"What's your name?"
"Lucas."
She smiled at him and decided that, like Jake, he would also be useful for the moment. "Well Lucas," she said, "I suddenly find myself very attracted to you." 
#
42

Johnny & Jake Follow Angie and Lucas & A Third

What the hell else have you got to do

"Don't you at least want to meet her again before I leave?" Jake said.
"What the hell for?" Johnny said, "It would only add to my misery to see you leaving with a beautiful girl. Why should I put myself through that?"
Jake got up from his seat. "C'mon and say hi. Don't be a chump."
"Nah."
"Look, if it's a woman you want, why don't you ask Marla? She likes you."
"Marla's always busy. She never stops goin'."
"Well the reason she's so busy is because she doesn't have much to do in her life."
Johnny looked at him oddly. "That doesn't make much sense, partner."
"Well, somewhere in that statement is a treasure chest of wisdom. You sift it out. I gotta go. Now are you comin' or not?"
Johnny looked down at the table for a moment, then shrugged. "What the hell." He got up.
"That's better."
They made their way through the room gradually. There was more of a crowd now and walking a straight line was impossible. When they came to the bar, two other people were sitting where Angie had been. "She's not here," Jake said. "Where the hell did she go?"
"Maybe she went to the bathroom," Johnny offered.
Jake looked around. "Maybe. Son of a bitch! Did she leave me again?"
Marla came by to empty a trayload of glasses. "Marla!" Jake said, "Did you see what happened to the blond girl that was sitting here?"
"The one you were talking to?"
"That's the one!" 
"She just left with some guy."
"Some guy?"
"Yeah, some ugly bald headed guy with sun glasses. Go figure."
"Hey!" Johnny said, nudging Jake's shoulder, "that's him!"
"Who?"
"Lucifer!" Johnny said, "You know, the devil?"
"Well," Marla said, "I wouldn't go that far. But he was ugly."
"Thanks Marla," Jake said.
"Don't let it get you down, Jake," Marla said, "Happens all the time in this place. So how y'doin' tonight Johnny? You've been holed up in the back all evening."
"Oh, yeah. One of those nights, you know?"
"Hey, when the devil's loose, anything goes, right?"
"Marla, when you're right, you're right as rain!" Johnny said, smiling at her.
"C'mon," Jake said, moving toward the door.
"Where you goin'?" Johnny said.
"Outside!"
Johnny shrugged and said "Later" to Marla and followed Jake outside. They stood outside the door. Jake looked up and down the street. He grabbed Johnny's arm. "There! I see them!" Johnny looked. They were walking west about a block up the street at a fairly quick pace. "Yeah, I see them," Johnny said, "So what?"
"So let's follow them!"
"Why?"
Jake looked frustrated as he watched them go. "Because there's something about this girl. I don't know what it is, Johnny. We met in Pueblo and really got it on in a short time, and then she left me. I don't want her to leave me again like this."
"Whatta you mean, partner? She just did!"
"Yeah, I know."
"Jesus! Look who she's leaving with! The Lucifer wannabee! That should tell you something about her right there. Let her go, man."
Jake took a deep breath and let it out in a long sigh. "I can't. I've got to find out where she lives."
"Well maybe they ain't goin' to where she lives."
"It doesn't matter. I'm going to follow them. Are you coming or not?"
"I don't know, man."
"Look, what the hell else have you got to do tonight beside sit on your sorry ass and drink yourself into oblivion?" 
Johnny nodded. "Okay, okay! Let's go, since you put it that way. Asshole..."
They began a quick pace down the street. Angie and Lucas were almost two blocks ahead by now. Jake and Johnny ran to decrease the distance between them. When they were a block apart, they slowed down again. "Man, I'm out of breath!" Johnny said, "Time to quit smokin'."
"I've been telling you that for years."
"Well I've never had to follow anyone before!"
They were walking uphill at about a ten degree incline. "I don't know about you," Jake said, "but I'm sweating."
"You're always sweating."
"I meant more than usual."
"Man, I should've pissed before we left."
"Let's keep it down, man. I don't want them to hear us."
Johnny looked over at Jake and rolled his eyes upward. "Why? Just what the hell do you think is going on here?"
Jake shrugged. "I don't know. Just being cautious. I don't want her to see me."
"Okay if I smoke?"
"Sure. It'll add a nice clandestine touch."
Johnny stopped to light a cigarette while Jake looked around. Angie and Lucas were approaching Manitou Park. They were passing the Arcade, a mall containing gaming rooms, rides, food shops; it had closed hours ago. The town was essentially deserted, except for an occasional car coming down from Ute Pass. And except for them.
And one other.
Jake nudged Johnny's arm. "Hey, check it out, man. Across the street."
Johnny looked. There was a man walking down the west side of the street, keeping the same pace they had been walking. He walked on and ignored them as they stood there watching. He was keeping his eye further up the street. "What about him?" Johnny said.
He's following them too."
"How do you know?"
"I don't. Just a guess."
"No way, man! Look at the guy! He walks like he lives here."
"Look! He's stopped." Jake looked up the street. "And those two have stopped too."
"Hey! And we're stopped!" Johnny said sarcastically, "Maybe he's following us."
Jake shrugged. "It could be." 
"Yeah, right. We got lots of reasons for people to follow us. We're dangerous musicians."
Jake smiled. "It happened a lot in the sixties. Besides, lately the police consider you a VIP, or have you forgotten?"
Johnny smoked his cigarette and watched the man across the street with more interest. Jake had a good point. Hartlick had told him not to leave town. Maybe the police had a tail on him all this time. "You think he's a cop?"
"I don't know. He doesn't look like a cop. Let's move closer."
They continued on, holding back in their speed to let the other man advance, while keeping Angie and Lucas in sight. When they were within a block of the park, the man crossed the street to the east side. "I can't see the other two anymore," Johnny said, "They must be in the park."
"You know," Jake said, "I just thought of something. What if that guy is buddies with Lucas? Maybe they're planning something here. Maybe they're going to rape her or something."
"Oh man," Johnny said, "You have got an active imagination tonight."
"Well, it could happen! Tell me all of this stuff doesn't look funny."
"Okay. I don't think any of it looks funny."
"Shit, what do you know?" Jake said. He started a half run past the arcade toward the park and Johnny ran along to keep up with him. When they got to the park they saw no one. 
"Where'd everyone go?" Johnny said. 
"I don't know," Jake said, "The park is so black I can't see anything." He started walking through the park and Johnny followed. They walked slowly, scanning the area for anyone, but it was as if all three had vanished into the air. In spite of himself, Johnny was feeling some fear. He didn't really think anything at all was going on. Lucas was a nut case, he felt, but that was all. Nevertheless, there was a strange feeling here, another layer to the bizarre events which had recently taken over his life. It was unsettling. Again he wished he had his Colt with him, loaded and ready for bear. "Where to now?" he asked Jake in a whisper.
Then two things happened suddenly. He heard Angie's voice and loud footsteps sounding about ten feet away. And he felt a hand grab his right shoulder. "Jesus!" he whispered. He heard Jake hiss quietly, and realized the hand was his. Angie and Lucas came up the stairs leading from the arcade to the park. They were clearly visible in the only light there was along the path leading to the sidewalk. They were so close Johnny felt certain they could see them. But they walked right by. Johnny and Jake stayed motionless. As the two passed Johnny got a good look at Angie's face. Lucas was saying "It's right across the street, above the bakery."
"Will we be alone there?" Angie asked.
"There ain't no neighbors, just the one flat."
"Perfect," she said, "just the way I like it."
When they were out of ear shot, Johnny collapsed to the ground with a sigh of relief. Jake crouched down next to him. "Jesus!" Johnny said, "I got myself all worked up! I could've just about had a heart attack when they appeared like that."
"You and me both," Jake said, "That was close."
"I remember her now," Johnny said.
"Yeah?"
"Yeah. I got a good look at her. And you know something else? I've seen her before."
"Yeah, you met her at Wade's in Pueblo."
"No, besides Wade's!"
"Where else?"
"She was at Lindy's!"
Jake's eyes grew as big as plates. "What?
Her. She was at Lindy's.
Are you sure, dude?"
"I'm sure! Last time I saw her was in light just like this. And I remember her voice too. It was like deja vu hearing her. It took me right back to sitting outside of Lindy's in the parking lot, just before the fog came and the killing started. She came out with Herc, that big guy with the Friends of the Devil. She said the same exact words to him. They went uphill into the woods to do the deed. That's when all the shit hit the fan."
Jake was confused. "She never said she was there. She said she was on the road, hadn't heard much about the incident at Lindy's."
"She was there, partner. Trust me on that."
Jake shook his head, feeling his attraction to Angie deflating moment by moment. "This is really weird. Why did she tell me that?"
Johnny shrugged. "Beats me, pard." He lit a cigarette. "I wonder how she got away?"
Jake was fingering his chin. "Could she have been one of the killers, you suppose?"
Johnny gave him an inscrutable look. "Aren't you forgetting just one little tiny detail?"
"What's that?"
"My entire version of what happened! I saw who did it! Indian zombies! And I'm telling you right now there were a lot of them, and these boys were not human! No way! If she had something to do with the killings then she'd have to be one of them."
Jake nodded. "You're right. I forgot. I didn't mean..."
"It's all right. Nobody believes me. I wouldn't believe it myself if I were you. It's a ridiculous story. Bloody zombie Indian killers leaping out of a red fog! Who's gonna believe that? There's only one person who believes me right now, and that's the Indian squirt."
Jake looked away. He felt ashamed to admit that he was one of the non-believers.
Angie and Lucas crossed the main street and went in a door next to the bakery. They disappeared from view. Moments later, a light went on in the flat above the bakery. Johnny and Jake could see the two figures in the window for a few minutes, until Lucas pulled down the shades. Shortly after that, the light went out again. Jake let out a groan.
"Well, that's that, pard," Johnny said, "I'm sorry, man, but if you ask me, she's dumped you and they're in for the night. And I'm getting cold out here."
"You know, there's something else, Johnny. She wanted me to tell her all about what happened at Lindy's."
"But you weren't there."
"I know! I told her I got my information from you, and she wanted to know all about it. Wanted to hear every detail."
"What did you tell her?"
"I told her everything I knew! Even about Blacky and Twilight."
Johnny flicked his cigarette away. "Well, personally, pard, I could care less what you told her. But I do wonder why you'd tell her all that."
"I don't know... It's like she had me in a spell or something. Things were coming out of me that I'd never have said to anyone else under the circumstances. She kissed me a couple of times..."
"Well that explains most of it." Johnny said with a grin.
"It was more than a kiss. Something weird was happening. I've never been kissed like that in my life, ever! And I'll tell you, I've been kissed by the best!"
"So what was so special about kissing her?"
Jake stumbled for words. "I don't know, but... but I felt like she was inside me!"
"Inside you?"
"Yeah. Inside me, looking around."
Johnny shivered. "That is weird, man."
Jake hissed again and pointed. Johnny looked and saw a figure emerge from the shadows near the arcade and step into the light. The person was dressed in a hip length coat with a dark wool cap on. The face belonged to a young man, who looked around him nervously as he moved across the grass in the direction of the apartment above the bakery. One hand was in his pocket.
"So who the hell is this guy?" Jake said.
"I don't like the looks of this," Johnny whispered, "He's got a gun in that pocket. I'll give you ten to one on that."
The man crossed the street and went to the apartment door. He looked both ways quickly, tried the door and went inside.
"Maybe he's a thief?"
"Thieves don't usually follow you home and then break in."
"Maybe he's a psycho."
"Maybe he's a jilted lover."
Jake looked at Johnny and anxiety gnawed at his gut. He felt saddened by this possibility. "Look," he said, "Whoever he is, Angie is in danger, and we've got to help her."
Johnny looked at him with widened eyes. "I left my gun at home, partner."
"Do you have anything else on you? A knife maybe?" 
"Nope. I got a guitar pick. We could make him swallow it and hope he chokes on it."
"Be serious, man!"
"I am being serious! What the hell you think we're gonna do here? Go busting in like Butch and Sundance? We don't know what's going on! We don't even know for sure that he has a gun in his pocket..."
"Well we can't just stay here!"
"Why the hell not?"
They stared at one another indecisively, each one afraid to make the first move. Then Jake started running toward the building. "Jake!" Johnny said, "Wait!" Jake kept on running across the park, across the street, until he reached the front door. He looked back to see Johnny running to keep up with him. "Oh man!" Johnny said, "I thought I was out of breath before!"
"Shh! We've got to be absolutely quiet from here on!" Jake whispered. Johnny nodded and motioned to Jake to proceed. Jake put his hand on the door handle and gently turned and pushed. Nothing happened. He tried again. "The goddam door is locked!" he whispered.
"So how'd the other guy get in?" Johnny whispered back.
Jake shrugged and tried the door once more. "Maybe it wasn't closed all the way when he tried it."
Johnny whispered, "Let's try the back." Jake nodded and they crept quietly around the corner of the bakery building to the back, where they found wooden stairs leading to an upper deck and a back door to the apartment. They looked up the long stairway to the darkened windows of the apartment. The silence emanating from the darkened windows was nerve-wracking. Jake started up slowly, quietly. "What if the door's locked?" Johnny whispered.
"Then we knock," Jake said. Johnny considered this, then nodded. "Cool."
Johnny started up after Jake, then saw a short piece of pipe laying on the ground, about three feet long. "Wait a minute!" he said. Jake stopped. Johnny picked up the pipe and wielded it, raising it in the air for Jake to see. Jake gave a thumbs up, and they continued up the stairs. The wooden structure creaked with age as it swayed more and more with their weight as they neared the upper deck. 
Jake reached the top and peered through the window. Johnny joined him a moment later. "See anything?" Johnny whispered. Jake shook his head. "It's the kitchen," he whispered back, "I don't see any movement at all."
"Try the door," Johnny said. Jake nodded and tested the knob of the outer storm door. It opened. Johnny held the door open while Jake turned the knob of the inner door. He gave a slight push and the door gave. Jake turned to Johnny and smiled nervously. Johnny nodded back, feeling his mouth going dry and his hands going sweaty. Jake applied gentle firm pressure to the door.
A gunshot exploded from within the blackness of the apartment. Johnny and Jake whirled a quick look at each other and both crouched down instinctively. Another shot sounded. They heard a man yell. "Oh my God!" Jake said, "he's shot them both!"
Suddenly the door flung open and Jake was pulled inside by the inertia. A figure growled and leaped over him with the speed of a cat. Johnny sucked in his breath as he saw the blond haired figure leap over the railing and jump neatly to the ground below, catching herself perfectly. Jake bounded to the railing. "Angie!" he cried. The figure stopped and looked up at him. Jake felt a chill run up and down his spine seeing the cold look in her eyes which seemed to glow red even in the dark. Her face seemed entirely changed now, completely devoid of any of her former soft features, only sharp hard lines in the shadows he could see. And those dark red piercing eyes! He felt needles shooting through him as she stared up at him. "Holy shit!" Johnny said.
Suddenly another figure leaped through the doorway, flinging the storm door open, which knocked into Johnny, almost throwing him over the railing. It was the man with the gun. He went to the railing and took aim. Angie grimaced angrily at him and began to run. Jake dived into the man and they both went reeling into the darkness of the kitchen. The gun fell to the floor and both men rolled around, each trying to gain a hold on the other. Johnny finally regained his balance and wedged himself into the middle of the fight, getting the man in a strangle hold with the pipe. The man coughed and sputtered and his strength slackened. Johnny yanked him away from Jake and got him in a firm pin. "Stop!" the man yelled, "Okay, Okay!" 
Jake seized the gun from his hand and put it on the kitchen counter. Johnny released his grip slightly. "Stop her!" the man said coughing, "Don't let her get away!" Johnny tightened his grip again. "You don't understand!" the man said, "We've got to stop her!"
"Just take it easy there buddy," Johnny said, "Nobody's stopping anybody right now. Let's just be cool, okay?" 
"Who are you?" Jake asked.
"My name is Vic," he said.
"You from around here, Vic?"
He nodded. "I live in the Springs; I'm a student there."
"No kidding?" Jake said, "Just a student out for a little recreation? Dorm life getting boring? Why did you try to kill these two people?"
"I didn't come here to kill him! Just her. And I missed! I don't know how I could have missed at that range, but I did!"
"Well we all have our off days," Johnny said. 
"What happened to the other guy?" Jake said.
"He's dead," Vic said, "but I didn't kill him. She did!"
Jake felt the blood draining from his face. "What? How?"
Vic tapped the pipe. "If you'll let go of me, I'll tell you. How about it?"
Jake looked at Johnny and shrugged a question. Johnny nodded and let go, and they stood up. Vic rubbed his throat and brushed himself off. Johnny wielded the pipe cautiously. "Follow me," Vic said. He led them down the hallway to the bedroom and they all went in. He turned on the light and the sight of Lucas in the bed sent shivers through all of them. Lucas's eyes were open, staring at the ceiling, his mouth open as if gasping his final breath. His body, though still muscular, looked hollow, emaciated and pale.
"God Almighty!" Johnny said, "I was just talking to this guy earlier tonight."
"I know," Vic said, "I saw you and him together at Murphy's tonight. I saw her too."
"You were there?" Jake asked.
Vic nodded. "I was there."
Johnny stared at Lucas incredulously. "What the hell happened to him?"
"The same thing that happened to a friend of mine a few days ago. Only my friend didn't have any remains left except for a few ashes. She was working on this guy when I busted in on them. But I was too late to save him."
"I can't say that this guy will be sorely missed," Johnny said.
"Look, what the hell is going on?" Jake demanded.
"What's going on is that this woman is dangerous," Vic said. "What I mean is, she's not even human. She's some kind of monster."
"Monster?" Johnny said, twirling the pipe in his hands.
"That's right. I saw her kill my friend. She kissed him and did something to him, sucked the life right out of him. She tried to do it to me too once, but...well, she never got that far." He motioned to Lucas.
"Oh I don't know," Johnny said, "you don't look so good to me."
"All right! I know you don't believe me. But it happened. I witnessed the whole thing."
"Did you tell the police?" Jake said.
"Yeah, I did. They don't believe me either."
"Can't imagine why," Johnny said.
"I talked to this guy Hartlick for hours. He thinks I'm nuts. And on the surface I guess it looks that way."
"Hartlick, huh?" Johnny said, "I know him."
Vic looked at him. "How do you know him?"
Johnny shrugged. "You might say we're in the same boat."
Vic regarded both of them, and then questions began to filter in. "Wait a minute! Who are you guys? Are you cops?"
"No, we're not cops," Johnny said, "we're..."
"... we're friends of Angie's." Jake said quickly. Johnny grimaced at this.
Vic regarded them both skeptically. He laughed. "Oh no you're not. You're not friends of hers. Nobody is friends with a thing like that. If you got close to her you be like this guy, or like my friend."
"What he means to say," Johnny put in, "is that we were following them, and we saw you following them, and we thought we'd be a couple of heroes."
"Why were you following them?"
"Because my friend has a crush on the girl," Johnny said with a smirk.
"Not any more I don't," Jake said.
"There's something I'm curious about," Johnny said to Vic, "Why did you come here to kill her? You've obviously been stalking her. Why not let the police handle it?"
Vic looked grimly at the body on the bed. "Can we get out of this room?" he said, "I don't like looking at this guy."
"Yeah," Johnny said, "He sure don't win any beauty contest." 
They turned off the light and went into the kitchen. Vic looked at his gun lying on the counter and reached for it. Johnny barred his way with the pipe. "Ah-ah, Vic. Not just yet, if you don't mind. I'd still like to hear your story." Johnny leaned forward to examine the pistol. Ah. Beretta 8045 LAPD?
Vic nodded.
Four inch barrel instead of the standard 3.7 inches, just for the LA cops, to get a little more stopping power in alleys, tight spaces. Nice choice.
Thanks.
Good gun for concealed carry.
Vic nodded nervously. You dont look like a cop.
Johnny put the gun back down. Im not. So whats your story?
"She killed my friend down by the creek. She sucked him dry so fast I saw him disintegrate before my eyes." He told them about the murder of Link McCoy. Johnny felt his insides turn a little hearing the story. 
"You actually saw this?"
"Yeah, I saw it. It was dark, but I was hidden about ten feet away. When she was done there was nothing left of him."
"And she didn't see you?" Johnny asked.
"Not at first. But she got a good look at me afterward when I was walking down the road. I went to the police, they checked out the sight, and they didn't find much. I think she started following me around after that."
"How did she know who you were?" 
"Because I've seen her before, in a ski town west of here, last winter. I was coming on to her and we kissed each other, and she did something to me then. We were in a bar full of people then and I don't think she turned on her full strength. I got dizzy and sick as a dog. But if we'd been alone I think she would have killed me.
"Anyway I didn't see her again until last week when she showed up in Manitou. When I saw her I freaked out. And I was still pissed off at her for what she did to me. I saw her pick up Link and they went down to the creek. So I followed them."
"And that's when she killed him." Jake said.
Vic nodded. "She started following me around after I went to the police. Hartlick kept telling me I was imagining it! But it was true all right; she was following me. I began to see her everywhere, always behind me somewhere on the street. She was trying to get me alone. And a few days ago she almost did.
"I was walking home at night and the street was deserted, like it is now. I was real close to my place, just a couple of blocks from here. As I was about to turn the corner off the main street, there she was out of nowhere, waiting for me. She stood there smiling, looking real sexy  even through the winter coat she had on. She said 'Hello Vic, it's been a while. I decided to take you up on your invitation. Can I walk you home?' I wanted to turn and run the other way as fast as I could go but I couldn't move. I felt like she had me in some kind of spell... " Johnny and Jake looked at each other. Jake nodded.
"... She came closer and it was obvious she meant to kiss me. Suddenly a car screeched at the corner and honked. It was my friend Chucky. He was waving and laughing. It was enough to break whatever spell I was under. I ran for the car and jumped in, yelling at him to drive. And he did. We drove up the pass all the way to Woodland Park, had some beers and I told him the whole story.
"Anyway, I didn't go back home. I haven't been back there for three days. I knew she was following me now, and I knew the police wouldn't help me. So I decided to take the offensive and follow her around, see where she lived, my original plan. Get some kind of hard evidence against her and then go to Hartlick and leave it to him.
"First I had to find her. So I borrowed my father's handgun and I staked out my own apartment, waiting for her to come by. I didn't have to wait long. She came by that night, made her way in, saw I wasn't there and left. From that moment on, I began to follow her. She made rounds of bars mostly. I was able to watch her from inside the large crowded places, like Murphy's. But for some of the others I had to wait outside until she left. Five times in the space of these few days, she left with men, and returned without them. She killed them all, each one faster than the previous guy. I saw this.
"I knew now I couldn't let her out of my sight. If I let my guard down for a moment I would be next. I knew that at the first available moment I would have to stop her. I couldn't just let her go on killing. Earlier tonight I followed her into Murphy's, where I saw her talking to you, and then that guy in there... When I saw them leave I knew I would have to act tonight, or there would be another death. But I was too late. And now I've lost her..."
Silence hung in the room like humidity. Vic wiped his brow. Johnny and Jake stared at each other questioningly. Vic went nervously to the back door. "Where you goin'?" Johnny said.
"I want to check the back and see if she's still hanging around."
Vic walked out on the porch. Johnny looked at Jake again. "Well what do we do now?"
"I don't know," Jake said. "We got more than we bargained for, didn't we?"
"You got that right, partner. You still feel all warm and fuzzy about your girl friend?"
Jake looked down at the floor. "No way. Not now. But I would like to talk to her again."
"After what he just said?"
Jake shrugged. "I'm not sure I take him at his word, Johnny. This whole situation stinks, but I'm not sure what's wrong with it."
"Well for starters, we got a dead body in there, a woman suspect, and a guy with a bogus aim who tried to shoot her because she tried to kill him. Now I don't know what the exact meaning of all this is, pard, but after some of the shit I've seen lately I'm not discounting any of it. It's all wrong, and if you ask me we oughta get the hell out of here right now while the getting's good..."
Jake threw a hand up. "Listen! Did you hear that?"
Johnny cocked his head to listen. "I don't hear anything."
"I heard something down the hall."
Johnny peered down the hallway. "I still don't hear anything. And I don't see anything 'cause it's too blasted dark. Find a light switch." He groped his way partly down the hall. And then he heard it.
A sound of movement. Something was coming down the hall toward him. 
Before he could react he felt a hand grab his arm. The pipe he was holding dropped to the floor and another hand clawed at his chest. He screamed just as the lights went on in the kitchen. In the shadows he could make out the bald head and the toothless grin. Lucas, still in his clothes.
Lucas' hands went for Johnny's throat and squeezed tightly, his thumbs beginning to crush his larynx. Johnny tried to bend over to pick up the pipe but Lucas' grip was impossibly strong, holding him up and pushing him back toward the kitchen. Johnny tried to break the grip, beating on his tattooed arms, then beating on Lucas' jaw. But Lucas had no reaction, and Johnny had the notion that Lucas was still dead and feeling no pain at all. Dizziness overcame Johnny, and he crumpled to the floor.
Jake was on Lucas next, rushing to help Johnny just as he had fallen. Lucas struck Jake in the face with a blow that sent him reeling and crashing to the floor. The door swung open and Vic dived for his gun on the counter. Lucas saw this and lunged for him. Vic swung the gun around and took aim just as Lucas slammed into him, driving him out the door. They crashed against the railing, cracking it in several places so that it bent out of shape. The gun dropped to the deck. Vic, who was much broader and muscular than Jake or Johnny, managed to get Lucas in a half nelson, a move he'd done successfully in several school wrestling matches. For a few moments Lucas struggled to break free. Vic squeezed his arm around Lucas' neck even harder, gritting his teeth, fighting the incredible resistance coming from Lucas. He could feel his own strength giving out. Finally, Lucas gained a hold in Vic's crotch and lifted him off his feet. Breaking the hold he flung him off his back and Vic tumbled down the stairs. Lucas watched him fall and hit the bottom with a solid breathless thud. He watched for any further movement, but there was none.
He heard rustling behind him and whirled around to see what it was. Johnny moved in quickly and swung the pipe like a baseball bat, making solid contact with Lucas' forehead. Johnny heard a dull sound like a thump on a watermelon, along with a cracking sound. Lucas' head jerked backward and the railing gave way. He fell over the edge and bounced on the pavement below, landing on his back. He lay still, his eyes open.
Johnny fell backwards, leaning against the building, groaning, rubbing his sore throat. He wondered if he would still be able to sing. "Holy shit!" he said hoarsely. "Hey Jake! You okay?" He went into the kitchen and knelt beside Jake, who was also groaning. Johnny helped him into a sitting position and then got him some water. Jake drank some down and then Johnny drank some, coughing half of it out. "You okay?" Johnny asked. Jake nodded. "I'm okay. I don't think anything's broken."
"Can you stand?"
Jake nodded, and Johnny helped him up. "Where's Vic?" he asked. Johnny looked out the door. "He took a fall. He might be dead; I don't know."
"And our buddy?"
Johnny showed him the pipe, which now had a serious bend in it. "He took a flying leap. I hope he's dead."
"Why did he attack us?"
"I don't know. C'mon, we gotta see if Vic's okay."
They limped out the door and hobbled down the stairs. Vic's right leg lay in an irregular position which did not look good. The leg could not attain a position like that unless the knee and the hip bone were both dislocated. "Oh shit," Johnny said. Even in the dark the telltale bulges were obvious. "Vic, wake up, man. You still with us?" He lightly slapped his face and Vic's eyes blinked open. "Yeah," Vic said, "I'm still here."
"All right! How you feeling?"
Vic nodded, still dazed. "My leg hurts. But I think I'm okay."
"I don't think so pal."
Vic looked at him curiously, then tried to move. Pain seared his entire body and he screamed. "Don't try to move," Johnny said, "Just stay put. We'll get an ambulance here for you." Vic nodded, sweat breaking out on his face.
Jake said, "I'll get him a blanket and see if there's a phone upstairs." He started up.
"Uh-oh!" Johnny said.
Jake stopped. "What's wrong?"
Johnny pointed to where the pieces of broken railing lay. Jake looked. "I don't see anything," he said.
Johnny said, "I know. Lucas is gone!"
#
43

Luis & Twilight: The Truth Comes Out

So the stories said

Late in the day. The sun was just starting to set. Luis watched some students walking across the lawn. From his office he observed their long shadows cast by the brilliant orange sun, while they laughed at some shared joke. For a moment he envied their youth and their ability to laugh freely and forget the cares of the world. He could not remember the last time he had been able to do so. Standing at his window, he regarded the sun as if it might be the last time he would see it in his life. It would be dark soon, and this thought imbued him with an undercurrent of anxiety which he did not understand completely. 
He saw a young man walking across the lawn, dressed in black leather jacket and boots; he had long black hair. It was not Blacky, as he first thought. He wished that it was, so that they might have a chance to settle the argument they'd had. During the day his anger had quieted, and he wished he had handled things differently. But now his son was gone and he had no idea when he would see him again. They had both left, he and the girl, in the early morning hours, in the aftermath of the fight. They'd left in a hurry. He wondered now where they were. But at the time he did not care where they went, so long as they left quickly. He had kicked them out.
He had heard the story in Joseph's own words. All of the people at Lindy's had been massacred by some inexplicable force that had materialized in the form of spirits, Indian ghost warriors, dressed, according to Joseph's account, in the style of the legendary Arizos tribe, sometimes referred to as the Ghost Tribe or Chindi Tribe by several tribes of the southwest: Navajo, Hopis, Mojaves, Zunis. Even the fierce Apaches had feared invasion of the soul by these deadly spirits who could, according to legend, literally suck the life out of a man in a few seconds.
But this was the stuff of legends, nightmares and dreams, with only some of the fantasy perhaps based on fact. That the Arizos tribe existed was probably true. Luis had found artifacts belonging to an unknown tribe, dating back to the seventh century when they were supposed to have existed. They had been a small tribe, supposedly ancestors of the Anasazi circa 500 CE  700 CE, living in the four corners area. Legend said that they were completely extinct, massacred en masse by an invasion of white and Spanish soldiers of fortune. The women and children had been raped and killed, or sold as slaves; the men had been tortured and then burned alive.
It was said that the spirits of the men returned as warrior ghosts to avenge the wrongs done to them. So the stories said...
But there were many stories, from many tribes. The southwest desert was a large area, beautiful, haunting, mysterious, with a history that was only partially written. There was much history which was known only to each tribe which whites would never know, and which the white history books would never record.
How then had all of this come about? He could scarce believe what his own son was telling him. He had spent many early years looking for clues to the Arizos, finding only a few artifacts that might well be Anasazai in origin, and now his son had found them in one night? Impossible! Ghost legends were based on fear, not logical reality. Ceremonies were man's efforts to bring order to the mysterious in life, and this usually originated in the incomprehensible workings of nature and animals. Failure to understand these gave people the impetus to comprehend their lives by explaining them in stories and mythology, and control them through ceremony. Often these stories were convenient explanations for something that was feared and could not be understood. The most basic of these fears was death.
Now the dilemma for him was not about what to do about the fact that Blacky had witnessed a horrible massacre, and how it affected him emotionally, but whether or not he believed what Blacky saw. 
Luis wanted proof. He felt sorry for the people killed. But until he knew how they were killed and saw the proof for himself that the Ghost Tribe had done it, he cared less about who had died than about how they were killed and who had done it. 
The proof he wanted, he realized, might well lie with the girl Twilight. Blacky would not lie about the story he told. Why on earth should he do that? However, he might be stretching the facts somewhat, even without realizing it. Kids liked to embellish stories, brag a little bit. But the girl! Here was an interesting anomaly. She was obviously deranged in some way, deeply affected by the massacre, no doubt. She spoke an odd combination of Navajo and ancient dialect which might well be Arizos. He could understand only bits and pieces of what she said. And she did not look Indian. Her skin was as white bread as they come. How then did she learn these dialects? And why did she speak no English? It seemed inconceivable to Luis that she would not know any English. Therefore something had blocked her, something inside: shock, trauma, a mental obstacle of some sort. If he could get inside her mind and find out what had happened from her perspective, it might well provide the key to what had really happened out there.
"I want to hypnotize this girl," he said. "Let us find out what her story is, and see if it corroborates yours."
"Why do we need to do that?" Blacky said, "I already told you what happened."
Luis sighed. "Yes, of course you did, Joseph. And I commend you on telling a very lucid version of the story. But it is good to have a second opinion."
"You don't believe me, do you?" Blacky said. "After all that, you don't believe a word of what I'm saying!"
"Of course I believe you! But any theory has to be supported with facts, figures, or in this case, another's opinion. What you're telling me is so fantastic it is difficult to believe. You must see that, Joseph."
Blacky looked down, knowing he was right. "This is simply a way of getting further at the truth, don't you see? It's the scientific way. If your friend Johnny were here I would want to hear his version also. But this girl! Her predicament is so unusual that her version of the story needs to be heard. Can you see that?"
"Then you really do believe what I saw out there at Lindy's?"
Luis sighed again and stared out the window, looking for words. "I believe you saw something that you didn't understand. Perhaps this is a way of reaching that understanding."
Blacky put his hand on Twilight's shoulder. She looked up at him and gave him a hint of a smile, being more at ease around him now. He nodded. "Can you do it? Can you hypnotize her?"
Luis got up from his chair. "I believe I can," he said, "Since we don't know how much English she understands, I can give her the basic instructions in Navajo. There's nothing to lose by trying. If it doesn't work, then we're right where we started from. If it does work, then there are many intriguing possibilities..."
He reached into his desk drawer and pulled out a tape recorder and a small turquoise necklace. He held it up. "This should do the trick," he said. He turned on a lamp on his desk and angled it toward her face, then situated himself in front of her. He turned on the recorder and began to speak to her in Navajo, swinging the turquoise slowly in front of her eyes like a pendulum. He spoke softly to her, in a reassuring voice, calming her, urging her to relax and allow her eyes to close...
It did not take long. She went under quickly, in a few minutes. Blacky watched transfixed. Luis asked her in Navajo if she was comfortable; she replied in Navajo that she was. He asked her if she was capable of speaking in English. She replied in the affirmative. He instructed her to please do so from now on. "Do you understand what I'm saying?" he asked in English. She said, "Yes, I understand," in the same low dialect she used in Navajo.
"What is your name?" Luis asked.
"I am called by many names," she replied calmly, with eyes closed.
"Is your name Twilight?"
There was a pause. Her head tilted, then straightened up again. "That is she; not me."
Luis and Blacky glanced at each other questioningly. Blacky shrugged. "Who are you?" Luis asked.
"I am Sam."
"Sam?" Luis looked at Blacky. "Do you know a Sam?" Blacky shook his head. 
"Sam who?" Luis asked.
"I am Sam."
"Allright. What other names do you have?"
-I am Thunderwalker, Dancing Thunder, Black Crow, Crowfoot, Many Faces, Wind in the Canyon...
-What name shall I call you now?
Pause. 
-Sam.
-Okay. Sam, where is Twilight?
-She is here.
-Can I talk to her?
Pause.
-She does not wish to talk.
-Why not?
-Much fear. She clings to me like a child to her mother. She is afraid to speak.
-What is she afraid of?
-Afraid of he and she.
-Who is he?
-He is me.
Luis laughed and shook his head. "This isn't making much sense. We're going around in circles."
"Ask her what the other one's name is," Blacky said. Luis raised his brow, then nodded.
-What is his name?
-He is Sam.
-So you and he are one and the same?
-No, not the same.
Luis took a deep breath. 
-You are Sam, and he is also Sam?
-Yes.
-But you're not the same?
-Not the same.
-How are you different?
-He is Bad Sam.
-Who are you?
-I am Good Sam.
"Woh!" Blacky said, blinking in surprise. Luis rubbed his hands together. "Now we're getting somewhere!"
-So you are good Sam. Can I speak to Bad Sam?
Pause.
-Bad Sam is not here.
-Not here? Where is he?
-In she.
-In Twilight?
-No, not Twilight.
-Who then?
-The one called Angie.
Luis looked at Blacky inquiringly. "Who's Angie?" 
Blacky shrugged. "I don't know."
-Who is Angie?
-She who is me.
-And who is Twilight?
-She who is me.
Luis sat back and took another deep breath. He poured himself a mouthful of whiskey and drank it down. "Well," he said, smacking his lips, "Isn't this interesting!"
"It doesn't make sense, Pop," Blacky said, "Twilight is him; and Angie is him. What does it mean?"
"It means that someone is walking around with a very split personality!"
"Is she possessed, Pop?"
Luis stared at Twilight, then shrugged at Blacky. "I don't know. I've never... I mean, it's possible."
"What can we do?"
Luis shook his head. "I don't know if we can do anything. I'll try to find out more information. Sam, are you controlling this girl?"
-Yes.
-Why?
-Without each other we both die.
-When did you take control of her body?
-When the Chindi Tribe came.
-The Chindi Tribe? The other night?
-Yes.
_Are you saying she would have died if you hadn't taken over her body?
-Yes.
-How did you know that?
-She called me.
-How did she call you?
-With her power, like the other.
-The other? You mean Angie?
-Yes.
-Angie called you?
-Yes.
-Angie is also powerful?
-Yes.
-Good Sam is with Twilight. So Twilight is also good?
-Yes.
-Bad Sam is with Angie. So Angie is also bad?
Pause.
-No.
-Do you mean to say that Angie is good?
Pause.
-Yes.
Luis squinted at this. "Whew!" Blacky said, "This is getting complicated." Luis held up his hand.
-But how can Bad Sam be with Angie if Angie is good?
-Bad Sam has strong power.
-Stronger than Good Sam's power?
-Yes.
-Stronger than Angie's power?
-Yes.
-Stronger than Twilight and Good Sam together?
Pause.
-Not stronger. If the Chindi Tribe comes, then stronger. Much stronger.
-Did they kill those people in the bar the other night?
-Yes.
-Why did they kill them?
-To avenge their blood.
-But how did they happen to appear?
-They were called.
-Who called them? Bad Sam?
-He and she together.
-But Angie is good. Why would she call them?
-He and she are one. They must have life power of others.
-Or they will die?
-No. Cannot die together.
-What happens if they don't get this life power?
-Chindi Tribe comes.
-Why do they need this life power?
-Without life power, we are weak. Then Chindi Tribe comes and takes all.
-You mean you and Bad Sam?
-All.
-You mean Angie and Twilight too?
-All are taken.
-Who is all?
-All is all.
-Good God! Do you mean everyone? All people?
-All people.
Luis felt sweat trickle down his sides. He poured another drink and felt his jaw muscles tighten. Blacky's eyes were riveted to Twilight.
-How is this possible, Sam? Can they kill everyone?
Pause.
-Yes.
-But why?
-They seek to avenge their blood.
-How do they do this?
Pause.
-You have seen how.
-Does Bad Sam call them?
-Yes.
-Why does he call them?
Pause.
-Sam is Arizos.
-Sam is Arizos? So Sam is also Ghost Tribe. Chindi.
-Not Ghost Tribe. Guardian.
-Sam is the guardian? How many guardians are there?
-Only one.
-Sam is the only guardian?
-Yes.
Luis could not believe his ears. God, this was great stuff! This might well be book material here!
-Sam, why have they not shown up until now?
-Sam's power is strong. 
-Sam's power has kept them away until now?
-Yes.
-Because Sam is the guardian.
-Yes.
-Then what happened to Sam's power?
-Sam's power is weak.
-How did it get weakened?
-Because of she.
-Twilight?
-No. Angie.
-How did Angie's power weaken Sam?
Pause.
-Sam guards the entrance to this world from his canyon. Can never leave. When Angie came, Good Sam desired her. His power was weak. Bad Sam gained much power. Wanted to leave his canyon.
-How did Bad Sam gain his power?
-Because of she.
-Because of Angie?
-Yes.
-How?
-They fought with their power. They became one. She became he. He became she.
-This happened in the canyon?
-Yes.
-Which canyon?
-Sam's canyon.
-Where is this canyon, Sam?
-In the place of the wounded gorge.
-What state? 
Long pause.
-What state, Sam?
Long pause.
"I don't believe Sam knows," Luis said. "Very interesting."
"Yeah," Blacky said, "So what happens now?"
Luis shrugged. "Good question."
-Are we safe from the Chindi Tribe, Sam?
-No.
-When will they come again?
-When the power is needed. 
-Whose power?
-He and she.
-Bad Sam and Angie?
-Yes.
-And Bad Sam lives in Angie?
-Yes.
-Where are they now?
Long pause.
 "He doesn't know," Blacky said.
-Do you know where they are now?
Long pause.
-Where is Sam?
-In the place of the wounded gorge.
-Is Angie there also?
-No.
-Where is Angie?
Long pause.
"Did I miss something?" Luis said, "Didn't he say that Angie and Sam were one?"
"That's what he said, unless..." Blacky was deep in thought for a few moments.
"I'm going to need a map pretty soon..."
"I've got it!" Blacky said excitedly, "Ask him if Sam is in Angie."
"But he said that already."
"Ask him."
Luis shrugged.
-Is Sam in Angie?
-Yes.
Luis looked at Blacky. "Now ask him if Angie is in Sam."
Luis looked at him curiously. "Ask him, Pop!"
Luis sighed.
-Is Angie in Sam?
-No.
Luis was taken aback at this. "Don't you get it, Pop? He is in her; she is not in him. Angie is the possessed one, not Sam!"
Luis was still confused. Okay. So that means what?"
"That means that Sam's body is in the canyon. But maybe not Angie's!"
Luis' eyes widened in realization. "Of course! Good deduction, Joseph!" He turned to Twilight again.
-Sam, is your body in the place of the wounded gorge?
-Yes.
-Is Angie's body also there?
-No.
-Where is Angie now?
Long pause.
 "He doesn't know where she is, Pop." Blacky said.
-Do you know where Angie is now?
-No.
Luis looked at Blacky questioningly. "Ask him what she looks like," Blacky said. Luis squinted his eyes, considering this, then nodded.
-Do you know what Angie looks like?
-Yes.
-What does she look like?
Twilight blinked her eyes open. Slowly her head turned toward the picture hanging on the wall, the picture of Luis with several of his colleagues. She pointed to the picture. Luis stared at her incredulously. Blacky looked at the picture. "She means the woman in this picture, Pop."
"No! She couldn't possibly mean her!"
"Why not?"
"Because it's impossible!"
"Why is it impossible?"
"It just is!"
"Ask her!"
"No!"
"Ask her!"
"No! I've had enough of this! This whole story is absurd! I'm going to bring her out of it now!"
Blacky swung himself in front of Twilight and looked her in the eye. "Do you mean the woman in the picture?" he asked.
Twilight stood up and went to the wall. With outstretched hand she pointed her finger and placed it directly on the woman's face in the picture.
"Is that Angie?" Blacky asked Twilight.
"Joseph! You musn't interfere!" Luis shouted.
"Is that Angie?" Blacky asked again.
Twilight stared straight ahead at the photograph. She dropped her hand to her side. "Yes."
"No, blast it!" Luis cried, hitting a pile of books on his desk. They went sailing into space and slammed into the adjacent wall. "It can't be her! Goddamit! It can't be her!"
"Why not?" Blacky asked, aghast at his father's behaviour.
Luis looked pale. His hands shook as he reached for the photograph and took it off the wall and stared at it. For a brief moment Blacky thought he saw tears in his eyes. "Because this woman is dead!" he said, "She has been dead for forty years!"
#

44 

Luis Reminisces About Angie

A woman of the earth

Luis poured a drink of whiskey and gulped it down. The room was dark now, except for a single desk lamp, which illuminated a small circle of papers on his desk. Lying in the middle of the circle of light was the picture of her. He leaned in closer to get another look. Luis was in the middle of the frame. Next to him was Angie, in those days known as Annie, and three other men. All students, except for Luis. She was wearing those familiar khaki pants she always wore, and that favorite blue shirt of hers. Though the picture was in black and white, he remembered the blue shirt. He remembered that she smelled good in those clothes, her traveling clothes. Her blond hair hung down, partially covering her face. Her mouth turned up in a smirking half smile, like she had a secret she would never tell. She hardly ever smiled with her mouth. It was her eyes which knew how to smile. When she thought she was smiling, she looked deadpan. In spite of that, Luis had always admired her plain striking beauty, like a good Navajo woman, only with blond hair and fair skin. She was a woman of the earth. She belonged to the desert. 
He had been teaching at the university for three years when this picture had been taken. He sat back and contemplated what had been going on then, and then remembered that she had been preparing for her trip to Arizona. She'd left about two days after the picture.
He recalled the last time he saw her; it was a vivid picture in his mind. They'd known each other for a year, and the attraction had been instantaneous, fiercely passionate, although unrequited for all that time. On the last night, before her leaving, they made love twice, in the evening over a bottle of wine at his place, and then again in the morning. Knowing she was going to leave his life for three months, he gave himself to her completely, something he had never done with any other woman.
Not even with his own wife, Marie, years later.
#
45

Blacky Learns about Annie

A Falling Out With Luis

Blacky finished picking up the scattered books and papers and piling them on his father's desk. "Who is she, Pop? I never heard you talk about her before."
Luis sat in his chair, washing his face with his hands as if he hoped to wipe away all of his anxiety. Then he poured himself another drink. "Her name is Judith Anne Weston. She was one of my students back in 1949..."
"Wow... Were you in love with her?"
Luis felt his face flush with heat. "Love? Certainly not... She was a good student! A very bright, intelligent woman, filled with compassion for the land, and the Dine'. She possessed a keen hunger to learn, through... through direct experience of her environment, through curiosity, through..."
"Sounds to me like you had quite a crush on her."
Luis' jaw became stiff. "I don't know what you mean."
"You're blushing Pop! She obviously meant something to you... You reacted pretty strong back there. You knocked all these books on the floor."
"I apologize for that. It was the stress of the moment."
Blacky laughed again. "Yeah, right! The stress of the moment... So were you guys lovers?"
"Can we please drop the subject?"
"I'm just curious."
"Can we please drop the subject!"
"Did something bad happen?"
"Dammit! Will you stop!... " Luis' fist thundered on the desk. Blacky jerked at this. Luis looked away in smoldering anger, and there was an awkward silence for a minute. Then Luis said firmly, "It's really none of your business."
Blacky stared at Luis with a feeling of emptiness at first, and then it was replaced by a gnawing anxious feeling in his gut. "Look, Pop," he said contritely, "I'm just trying to get to the bottom of this mystery, same as you. Do you understand that?"
Luis stared at the floor grimly, wringing his hands. "There's nothing to talk about."
Blacky knelt down in front of him. "Oh I think there's plenty to talk about, Pop! If we believe what just happened here, it sounds like an old girl friend of yours has just taken part in a mass murder, if not directly causing it.
Luis grabbed Blacky by his shirt and pulled him closer; Blacky stumbled forward. "She is not!..." he started. Blacky saw wide-eyed fear in his eyes, and the look frightened him. He had never seen his father look like this. Luis let out a sharp painful breath as he felt the weight of Blacky's words. He released his grip and sat back, looking bewildered. He poured himself another drink and drank it down slowly. "We were in love with each other for a short time. We had a brief affair, just before her disappearance."
"What happened to her, Pop?"
Luis looked down as if he might see through the floor into the past. "She went to Arizona on assignment, for research. She left on an independent excursion, not sanctioned by the university. Everyone here, including me, thought she was in Utah. She... He grimaced at this. ...She stole an object that I discovered a long time ago when I was there. 
"What object?" Blacky asked.
Luis sighed and picked up the picture. "You can see one half of it in this picture. A dagger. A crystal dagger. It was as sacred to the Arizos as the Ark of the Covenant was to the Hebrews. Blacky looked closely at the photo and saw the dagger Luis was referring to. Is it magic? he asked. Luis frowned at him. Is it...magic? Certainly not. I mean, I don't know. Maybe. I wouldn't have known at the time.
So you found it, and she stole it, Blacky said, Was she planning to return it?
Luis stared out a window as if he might see the answer to Blacky's question. 
Was she? Was she planning to return it? 
She was also looking for a shaman as the subject of a paper she was writing, the same person who seems to be speaking through your friend there. After three months, when she didn't come back I went down looking for her, but I didn't find her. Apparently she ran into some of the wrong people, known sorcerers, very evil men, according to some of the town people. 
"So she disappeared, and you thought she was killed. All this time you thought she was dead."
Luis was silent for a moment. He took a drink, then said, "She is dead."
"No Pop, she's not dead."
"She is dead."
Blacky was confused. "But Pop, how do you explain what we just heard..."
"No! She is dead!"
Luis stared into his son's eyes, and Blacky saw rage there, rage which was, for the moment, contained, but which had all the potential to explode in a torrent of destruction. He did not want to be here when it happened. 
Luis wiped his wet eyes. Years! I spent years looking for the Arizos, and you found them in one night without looking for them at all! It isn't fair! He sat down and wept. Blacky looked on, completely surprised by this emotion. Nevertheless, he stood his ground. "What if Angie is not dead?"
Blacky trembled inside as he saw his father's hands shake uncontrollably. "Get out of here!" Luis hissed through his clenched teeth. "Take your...your goddam dispossessed girlfriend and get out of here! Get in your truck and go away! I don't care where you go, but I don't want to see either of you again, not in my office, not in my home! Do you understand?"
Blacky looked at Luis incredulously. His father's lips quivered. "You can't mean that, Pop..."
"Get out!"
Blacky felt tears welling up in his eyes, but he clenched his teeth and fought them back. He did not want his father to see him cry, especially not now. He stood up proudly, staring bitterly at Luis. He took Twilight's hand and led her out. Before they left, he turned to look at Luis. He wiped his hand in front of his face, then cast his hand roughly to the side. His bitter gaze lingered a moment longer, and he was gone.
Luis understood the sign language well enough. His son had just symbolically erased him from his life for all time.
#
46

Blacky Smolders After the Argument

Trying to be white in a white man's world

Blacky drove through the city, oblivious to the traffic around him. His driving was on "automatic", but his mind was on his father. At a red light he suddenly realized he could not recall driving from the university out to the Black Forest to his father's house, collecting his things, calling Jake, and then driving back to the city. It was all a complete blur to him.
His thoughts of Luis were mixed with anger and sadness. Now, driving away, not sure when he would see him again, he felt pity for him. Luis was lost in his whiskey, an age old problem for him, one layer of a much deeper problem which he shared with his people: he was lost in a no man's land, an Indian trying to be white in a white man's world.
Jake had been on his way out the door when Blacky called. It would be okay to stay at his place, he said, though Jake felt somewhat apprehensive about Twilight staying there also. Blacky assured him that she would be in his company at all times, and so he agreed to leave a key for him. He and Johnny would be at Murphy's Hideout for the evening in case they wanted to come by. Johnny was feeling pretty depressed and Jake was going to cheer him up. Blacky said he'd see them later.
He glanced at Twilight. She sat turned toward him, leaning against the door. She was staring at him with an expression he could not read. And yet it was not a blank expression. Her curly hair trickled down her face pleasantly. She seemed in a state of calm. It was hard to tell; she was quiet as usual. But her eyes seemed curious about him. She gave him a hint of a smile when he turned toward her. "What?" he said, "What is it? You're smiling. What does that mean?"
She continued to stare at him. 
"Are you going to talk to me now?" he asked. "I know you can talk now. My pop gave you the suggestion. You can talk if you want to." He waited to see if she would reply. The light turned green and they drove on.
"You are troubled by your father," she said finally.
Blacky nodded. "Yes, I am troubled by my father."
"It is always the same. The father and the son have great love, and great distance between them."
Blacky regarded her statement and asked, "Is this Sam talking? Who are you?"
Calmly, she said, "I am Sam."
"Okay, you are Sam. You are Good Sam?"
She nodded, not taking her eyes off him.
"Can Twilight talk to me?" Blacky asked.
Her smile increased slightly. "Perhaps. When she is ready. You are attractive to her."
Blacky was surprised by this. "I am? I mean, she is? I mean, um...thank you..." He cringed inside. This is getting very strange. I'm talking to a young girl, but I'm really talking to an older guy about the younger girl. Whoa...
She regarded him curiously, with no smile this time, and he recalled that in Navajo tradition, it was unnecessary and meaningless to thank someone. If old Sam was Navajo, or Arizos, then saying thank you was probably confusing to him. "What I really mean is, she is also attractive to me."
She smiled again and nodded. "It is so."
"You can tell?" Blacky asked.
She nodded. "I can tell."
"Really? How? How can you tell?"
There was silence at first. Then she said, "You are a Navajo boy?"
I am a Navajo man, he thought. "Yes, I am Navajo," he said.
"You are like a white man," she said, "You talk too much."
"What do you mean?" he asked.
"Too many words. Too much noise. You cannot hear your own heart. Listen to your heart without words."
Blacky drove on toward Manitou. "I agree," he said, "I talk too much sometimes. A lot of people do. I think it's because we're all nervous around each other."
"Speak from the heart," she said, "then you won't be nervous."
Blacky smiled at her. "You're right, Twilight, I mean Sam. I guess I'm a little nervous around you. I don't understand what has happened to you. Twilight, I mean; and I guess I'm a little afraid of Sam."
"Nothing to fear from Sam."
He was glad to hear that. Hearing Sam's voice coming from the body of a young girl was at the very least a disconcerting experience. "What about 'Bad' Sam?" he asked.
She closed her eyes briefly, as if interpreting what he had said. Then she opened them again and flatly stated, "Plenty to fear from Bad Sam..."
These words sent a chill through his blood. He turned onto Colorado Avenue toward Manitou, but then pulled off to the side and parked. He turned to her. "Why? What will Bad Sam do? Send the Ghost Tribe again?"
She said, "Perhaps."
"Why?"
"To take the life of another. Without it he cannot live outside his canyon."
"So he will keep on killing?"
"He kills to keep himself alive."
Blacky shook his head. "I don't understand. If he has to keep himself alive like some kind of vampire, then what's the Ghost Tribe got to do with it?"
"Sam's power keeps Ghost Tribe in the lower world. If power weakens, clan will come."
"Wow! So he kills somebody else to keep his own power strong, so that he can keep the clan out of our world?"
"It is so."
Wow. So who the hell is this guy? Blacky said to himself, then he asked, "At Lindy's there were eighty five people who died. But the Ghost Tribe killed them?"
"Yes."
"How many has he killed by himself?"
"He has killed many. Many more may die until he finds what he seeks."
"What is he looking for?"
She shook her head. "Don't know. Bad Sam don't know either. But he's close. Will find out soon."
"How do you know that?"
She motioned to her breast. "I feel him here. Sometimes I can hear his thoughts, because of Twilight. She has the way of the singer in her. Like a radio tower. She receives thoughts."
"What about Angie? Does she receive thoughts?"
"Yes, Angie also."
"Do you know where she is?"
Twilight closed her eyes briefly, trying to determine. "She is close."
"Close? She is here?"
"Yes, here. Close to here."
Blacky glanced down the road and observed the passing traffic making its way westward. She could be anywhere. "In Manitou?" he asked.
"Don't know." she said.
Blacky considered this information, then drove on. "Let's get to Jake's," he said. 
#
47

Blacky & Twilight Come Together

In Jake's apartment, they made themselves comfortable. Blacky searched the kitchen and made sandwiches from packaged lunch meat. There were some chips also, and a couple of cans of cola. Blacky put on a CD and they sat in the living room to eat. 
He watched Twilight slowly eating her sandwich and wondered what to do next. His desire was to go back to the reservation, and get away from all of this mess. But what about Twilight? He couldn't just leave her like this, stuck with two people inhabiting her body. Good Sam seemed harmless enough, but his counterpart was deadly. Whatever was keeping them apart seemed effective enough, but that might change at any time. If what came out of Twilight's mouth tonight was true, then this situation was completely unpredictable. Angie and Sam, "bad Sam", had already killed many people and they might easily kill twice as many more at any time. Knowing this, Blacky felt he could not simply go back to the reservation. He had to do something. He might go to the police, but what could they do, assuming they believed him in the first place? These were not earthly forces at work here. For that matter, what could he do? He had been able to protect himself once. He might be able to do it again if necessary, but that was not the same thing as getting rid of the demons. He was only now beginning to realize what forces he was up against. 
Twilight looked back at him and smiled. She was hungry and glad for something to eat. Perhaps she was a key to this, he thought; Sam was also a part of her. She needed help. She needed a powerful medicine man to do a sing over her, and rid her of this possession, even if the spirit was a "good" one. Blacky was not sure if his own power was strong enough to do the job. But Sam Nez might be able to do it. Perhaps he should take her to him.
And maybe it was already too late for that. 
Blacky put his sandwich down and sat back on the couch, closing his eyes. There were too many questions buzzing around in his head, not the least of which was his fight with Luis. He didn't like leaving town like this, not with so many unsaid things between them. He wondered how Luis was doing. Was he still getting drunk or had he fallen asleep at his desk as he had done so often in the past? He would probably sleep until morning. And what would he do when he woke up? Blacky didn't know.
"You are still troubled," Twilight said, at the other end of the couch.
Blacky nodded. "Yes. I'm still troubled. I just don't know what to do right now."
"Do what needs to be done."
Blacky stared somberly across the room. "Thanks. You're a big help."
He got up. "I'll be right back," he said. He went into the bathroom and shut the door. He put the toilet seat down and sat down on it. An ache grew in his heart and he knew tears would come. He let them. He felt ashamed at first to be crying like this. But deep inside it felt good to release all the pain he held inside. He cried for his pain with his father, for his confusion in not knowing what to do presently. He cried for all the people who had died at Lindy's. And he cried for Twilight, who must surely be more lost than he was.
The door slowly opened and Twilight quietly stepped in. Blacky wiped his eyes quickly, ashamed to be seen like this. But the look in her eyes was filled with compassion. She knelt down next to him and took his head in her hands. He allowed himself to be moved in this manner, while she sat on the floor and cradled his body in hers. He stared at her and admired the curves in her face and the gentleness of her touch as she gazed at him and soothingly caressed his hair. "Are you Sam?" he asked.
In a different voice, higher, more feminine, she said, "I'm Twilight."
Blacky gazed back at her in awe, with the tracks of tears on his face. As Twilight she seemed more radiantly beautiful than he had noticed before. Her eyes whispered love and safety, like a port in a bad storm. "Twilight... glad to meet you. It's been a strange few days..."
She nodded and softly caressed his cheek. "I know. Thank you for taking care of me."
"Do you know everything that's been happening?"
"Yes. I'm aware of everything, through Sam. It's as if I've been in another part of the room, watching everyone else interact. I suppose I could have come out if I'd wanted to, but I felt safer where I was, until..."
She stopped, and Blacky, whose eyes were closed as he felt the soothing caress of her hand, said, "Until what?"
She hesitated, and then said, "Until I began to feel safer around you."
Blacky opened his eyes and stared into her eyes. "Do you? Feel safe around me?"
She brought her face closer to his, close enough to see the wet trails of tears from her grateful eyes, close enough to feel her warm breath on his lips. "Yes."
Their lips touched lightly, ever so lightly at first. Her eyes closed softly and it excited him to watch them gently shut as his lips yielded to hers, and then to feel the stirring, swirling passion rising up within him as they touched, like a powerful wave surging through a narrow channel. He closed his eyes and surrendered to the feeling, taking her in his arms, hearing her emit an almost breathless moan throughout the kiss. Her warm tongue probed his lips curiously, asking for entry. His own shy tongue answered in reply.
Her lips pressed against his more eagerly, and her moaning became more urgent. She laid him down on the cool tile floor and straddled him. She sat upright and groped for his jean buckle. He watched her in curious anticipation, then helped her slide his pants down to his knees. She pushed his shirt up his chest as far as she could get it, and he threw the rest over his head. Then she undid her own jeans, and he helped her out of them, then she threw her own shirt over her head. Still straddling him she ran her hands from his smooth brown chest down to his shaking abdomen. She leaned over and kissed his lips again. As she did, she lifted her pelvis up and centered herself on him and gently, slowly, slid down...
Blacky moaned in delight and felt himself drifting away. He watched her mount him and watched himself enter her, and his eyes closed as he felt the pleasure shooting through him. He was afraid he would come immediately, much too soon, but he didn't. He was able to hold it, and she rode him carefully, as if anticipating when his time would come while bringing herself to the point of release. It seemed for a time that there was only slow movement, slow rocking movement as two hungry bodies fed each other mouthfuls of passion food, dancing in rhythm and moans to their own rock and roll. They danced and danced, eyes closed, then eyes open, hungrily taking in the sight of each other's dancing pumping rocking naked body, feeling the rhythm increase, going faster and faster, feeling the pleasure's urgent tension growing stronger. Blacky moaned; so did Twilight. He moaned again; she moaned again. Then their moans became a litany, a chant, a song, interspersed so completely he could not tell his own sounds from hers. Their bodies rocked faster and faster, madly, striving to reach the point quickly lest it elude them forever, both hand in hand at the same pace, faster, faster...
He went over a waterfall. He was holding onto her naked body, shooting the rapids of a raging river, and together they were propelled over the edge of a waterfall, but instead of falling he felt himself flying, as if he had sprouted wings, flying into space, and as he flew his body began to disintegrate, dissolve before his eyes. He was not shocked by this. It seemed only natural, as if his body was breaking up into millions of small bits and being absorbed by the air. He felt himself dispersed by the wind in all directions, feeling the vibrational turbulence generated in the air by all manner of winged creatures around him near and far, and then floated ever so slowly and gently to the ground, then felt himself absorbed by the earth, sinking deeper and deeper into its bowels, detecting the motion of every creature stirring under the ground. 
At some point he felt his body calling him, and he wondered if he would be able to recombine all the parts that had dispersed. He tried to bring them back, but couldn't. The effort seemed too great a task, and so he let himself drift and drift along, until he heard his body calling once again, and again he tried to summon the strength to come back to wholeness. He was slightly more successful this time.
He kept trying...
He opened his eyes, years later it seemed.
He did not know where he was. There was darkness around him, and for a brief moment he panicked. He felt his body jerk slightly, and then felt the shift of Twilight's body on top of his as she adjusted her position. He felt his head resting on something soft. A pillow. They were in bed...
No, on Jake's couch. It came back to him now. They were in Jake's apartment, on his couch. They had been in the bathroom, making love, screwing, fucking, doing the wild thing...
A long time ago it seemed. How long? And how did they get here? They were both naked. He lay on his back, and she was on top of him. A blanket covered them both. He wondered if Jake had come home yet.
Then he felt a stirring and realized he was still hard. He contracted the muscles reflexively and then realized he was still inside Twilight. Now he could feel her moving on him very slowly, almost imperceptibly. It was a strange feeling, a good feeling. He knew he was going to come again at some point. He didn't mind...
He lost consciousness. He didn't know when. He felt the orgasm, but it was almost as if he had dreamed it. Then the same feeling of his body breaking up and being dispersed. Only this time the feeling seemed more annoying, and he wanted to wake up...
Only it was harder to do so than the first time. Fatigue clung to him as tightly as his own skin. He could barely open his eyes. "Twilight?" he mumbled with some effort, "What time is it?"
"I don't know. I don't care..." she said from within the darkness.
"I'm so tired. I can't get up. Why am I so tired?"
Twilight began to cry, and he realized he was still in her, only it wasn't feeling so good anymore. He suddenly felt apprehensive; adrenaline started to race through his body. "Twilight, I have to get up." He gave her a gentle nudge, but she resisted. "Hey!" he said, "C'mon, I"m not feeling well. I have to get up." Again he pushed her to make room, but she silently resisted with a strength which surprised him. He pushed again, and her strength matched his. "Twilight! Get off of me!" He pushed again, and they began to struggle. In the darkness he saw Twilight's face reflected in the outside street lights, and he realized it was not Twilight resisting, but Sam. She emitted a kind of low growl as they fought. He gave one mighty shove and she screamed and fell off the couch. Blacky got up hurriedly and tried to back away but dizziness made him stumble. "What the hell are you doing?" he said angrily. Twilight lay on the floor crying. "I'm sorry," she said, "I'm so sorry. I didn't want to do it but I had to."
Gradually, in the silence which followed, Blacky knew what she was talking about. He didn't know how he knew, but he did. "This is what Angie does, isn't it?" he said weakly. "She steals the life energy from others until they're all drained. Until they're dead. Is that how it works?"
Twilight nodded as she cried. 
"Why are you doing this? Are you some kind of a vampire like Angie?"
"It's not Angie," she said, "It's Sam; we both carry his spirit. He is just trying to stay alive."
"Yeah? Why doesn't that make me feel any better about it?"
"Would you rather be in my situation?"
Blacky stared at her mistrustfully. "I'm not sure," he said ruefully, "what is your situation? How long are you going to hang onto this spirit?"
Twilight picked herself up and sat on the couch. "I don't know. Until he releases me, I guess."
"You called him. You said so in my father's office. So why don't you tell him to get out?"
"It's not that simple. I didn't call him consciously. Angie and I have this link between us. We've both been psychic since we were young kids. And when we met there was this rapport between us. I guess that's how Sam split up and got in me. Something happened that night at Lindy's, between me and Angie. We had some bad words. She tried to put a mind-set on me."
"What's a mind-set?"
"She tried to make me see something that wasn't really there, or in this case, think something that wasn't really true."
"But it was really Sam doing this?"
"In a way. Doing the mind-set was really Angie's power, but Sam used it. He can't do it by himself. And I can't do it either." She looked into his eyes with deep concern. "I'm sorry, Blacky," she said, "I don't have complete control over what I'm doing."
He nodded skeptically. "I've noticed that." He reached for her hand, and the touch of it sent a pleasant sensation through his body. Already it was hard to say no to her. He leaned over and kissed her on the cheek. She accepted it with eyes closed, brushing his cheek with her hand. 
"Maybe we should go down to the reservation," Blacky said, "I have a friend there who is a powerful shaman. He has strong medicine. I bet he could get Sam to leave your body."
Twilight closed her eyes for a moment, as if listening for something. Then she opened them again. "Sam said that this would not be a good solution. There is still Angie to consider. Sam's other half is still in her."
"So why does that matter?"
"If Sam is weakened, the Ghost Tribe will come again, like the other night."
"I don't understand that. Why does it center around Sam?"
"Because Sam is the guardian between our world and theirs. He is also the only surviving member of the Arizos. He has lived in his canyon for several hundred years. But now, outside his home, and split up as he is, the passageway between the worlds has opened up. As long as Sam is powerful the doorway remains closed."
"You make it sound like Sam is a saint."
"He is doing what he needs to do to survive!"
"What happens if Sam isn't around? If he dies?"
"He will not die!"
"What if he did?"
"Then there is no limit to the chaos and death that would take place."
Blacky's eyes widened at this. "Are they that powerful?"
Twilight nodded. "Sam says they are. I believe him."
He considered the implications of this. "But if there was no limit, then they could kill everyone..."
Twilight nodded. "That's right."
Blacky took a deep breath. The notion was so staggering he could scarcely believe it. But then, he believed what he had seen at Lindy's. "So what happens now?" he said.
"I think we have to find Angie."
"And then what?"
"Then..." She shrugged. "I don't know. Keep her in sight maybe."
"That could be difficult."
Twilight nodded. "That could also be very dangerous." 
#
48

Blacky & Twilight At Murphy's

She was here

Blacky and Twilight went into Murphy's bar and stood in the doorway, searching the sea of faces through the smoky air. The hour was late and the music was loud. "I don't see them," Blacky said, "C'mon, let's look around. " He had to shout to be heard. Twilight nodded and he led the way, taking her hand. Though the touch of her reminded him of what had almost happened back at Jake's apartment, and what she was capable of doing, the softness of her hand sent an undeniable feeling of pleasure throughout his body. At this moment the memory of their lovemaking was so fresh in his mind that he wanted to hold her hand for the entire night.
They made their way through the crowd of people, checking along the bar, by the pool tables, and in the rear tables. They doubled back toward the bar. Blacky said, "They may have gone on to another bar. But they could be at any one of a half dozen places by now. It's after midnight."
"She was here," Twilight said.
Blacky stared at her. "Are you sure?"
Twilight nodded. "I'm sure."
Blacky looked around as if he might see Angie watching him from across the room. Twilight said "She was with Jake too, right near this spot, over there by the bar. There was another person too."
"Johnny." 
She shook her head. "No, not Johnny. Someone else."
"Someone else in the band?"
"I don't think so. It's not somebody you'd want to be best friends with."
A waitress came up. "Hi kids, want something to drink? Hey, Blacky!"
"Hi Marla, how's it goin?"
"Busy as usual. Blacky, I heard your grandfather died. I'm so sorry to hear that."
"Thanks, Marla"
"Do you guys have ID's on you?" she whispered reluctantly. "The boss is here tonight." She looked at Twilight as she said this.
"That's okay, we're not staying," Blacky said, "We're looking for Jake and Johnny. Have you seen them?"
"Yeah sure, they were here. They left about a half hour ago, maybe more."
"Did you see which way they went?"
"Yeah, I think they headed up the road, toward the Arcade. I don't know where they were going."
"Thanks Marla." 
Still holding Twilight's hand, Blacky led the way out the bar, and they walked up the street. A mist was in the air, not quite a rain, not quite fog. The streetlights ahead glowed ambiguously as they walked at a brisk pace to keep warm. "I'm not sure where we're going," he said. "Do you have any idea?"
"I don't know where they are, but we're going the right way," she answered indefinitely.
Blacky squeezed her hand, and she squeezed back. They looked at each other and smiled. "Are you still Twilight?" Blacky asked.
"Yes. It's me."
"What about Sam?"
"Sam is still here too, but he's in the background."
"Does he hear everything we're saying?"
Twilight nodded. "Every word."
"Can he see too?"
She stopped and looked into his eyes. "Well...of course. He sees through my eyes. What a question!" She laughed, and the sound of her laughter thrilled him. "I guess that makes sense," he said, "I just wondered if he was, um, you know, there when we were making love and all?"
She laughed again and shrugged. "Where else would he be?"
Blacky laughed too and put his arms around her. She nestled comfortably into the contours of his body. Even through her coat he could feel her warmth. "So Sam is a letch, huh? Watching us all that time. What's he thinking about us?"
Twilight smiled at him. "You want to ask him?"
Blacky's smile waned slightly. "No! No. I don't want to talk to him just now. It wouldn't bother me if Sam never came out again, if you really want to know. I'd much rather talk to Twilight."
"You would?" she asked, beaming a smile at him, knowing he was setting her up for a kiss.
"I would," he said. He kissed her then, and she responded warmly. They let the kiss linger, ignoring the misty air, and afterward they stood in a tender embrace, neither wanting to let go of the other. He stroked her hair, and she caressed the curves of his back. "I'm still thinking of how you looked on the bathroom floor, making love to me," he said, "What a beautiful sight you are, Twilight." She buried her face in his breast and gave a small laugh of delight. "I really want to be with you," he said.
"I want to be with you too." 
He took her face in his hands. "I really want you. Right now even." He laughed.
She laughed also. "I want you, Blacky love. I've never wanted anybody so much." They kissed again, and afterward they lingered, gazing at each other's eyes silently, admiring the curves of each other's face. 
At length Twilight pulled away slightly. "But we do have a problem on our hands, don't we?"
Blacky nodded. "Right." They continued on, arm in arm. "What are we going to do about it?" he wondered aloud.
"I don't know," she said.
They both heard quickening footsteps behind them and as they turned to see who was there, they each felt an arm around their shoulders, gripping them tightly and preventing them from turning around. The force propelled them forward as the intruder pushed them along. "Keep walking," a strange voice said. 
"Who are you?" Blacky said in alarm.
"I hate to break up such a tender scene, but there's some business to attend to."
Blacky started to turn his head around, and felt a hand clamp on his neck, gripping so tightly that he cried out in pain. "Careful, young shaman!" the voice said, "It would be very easy to break your neck!" The hand tightened further to emphasize the point, and Blacky turned his head straight.
"Who are you?" he repeated. 
"There's an alleyway up ahead. We'll go in there."
They turned into the alley and were ushered into the shadows. The figure turned them around and pushed them up against a brick building, one hand on each neck. Blacky tried to see the face. Though it was in shadow, the figure appeared to be woman. "The two young lovers!" she said, "Such a tender moment I can hardly stand it. Twilight! Great to see you again! Welcome back from the dead! Thanks to your meddling power I felt your passion back in Jake's apartment. I thought the floor was gonna catch on fire."
Blacky tested the resistance of the hand. Twilight did not. "Have you figured out who our friend is yet, Blacky, my love?" Twilight said mockingly.
Blacky tried to nod, and found that he couldn't. Her grip was amazingly strong! "Yeah, I think I've figured it out. I'd say this must be Angie. Nice to meet you at last."
"Believe me, boy, the pleasure is all mine!" She tightened her grip, choking him slightly.
"Let go of us!" Twilight commanded.
"Not until I get some information," she said, tightening the grip on Twilight. "I don't think my Sam likes this very much," Twilight said. She stared at Angie in concentration, and in a moment Angie winced in pain as her hand on Twilight's throat began to burn. She cried out and let go. "Damn you!" She retained her grip on Blacky. "Try another trick like that and your medicine boy will be laying on his back again for the rest of his life."
"Okay, no tricks," Twilight said, "Just let him go."
"Not just yet."
Twilight tried to see her face, but it was well darkened in the shadow. "Your voice is different," she said, "and you look like you'vechanged."
"Everything's changed! Everything is speeded up! I'm stronger now, stronger than ever, but it's not doing me any good. I thought this Angie girl would be a good vehicle but she has dogged me every step of the way. I'll be glad to be rid of her, and you."
"That is your Sam talking. Mine doesn't feel that way."
"Damn you both! If it wasn't for your meddling I wouldn't be in the situation I'm in."
"What situation is that?"
"Stuck here with only half of my power! If you hadn't taken the other half at Lindy's that night, the Arizos would still be safely contained. But now they are loose, and it drains my energy to hold them back. Do you realize what will happen if they are loosed with no limits?"
"Yes, I know."
"You must give me my power back!"
"I don't trust you!"
"You have some information that I need. And you're not letting me in..."
"What information?"
"I don't know exactly...But you do. I felt the shift earlier. You were with the boy's father, and you saw something. What was it?"
Twilight felt agitated. Angie was prying her way in. "You're mistaken." She tried to close the door to Angie's prying, and slowly succeeded. 
Angie gripped Blacky's throat tighter and lifted him off the ground. "I'll give you sixty seconds to open your mind to me, girl!" 
Blacky felt the tightening of her grip and began choking. "Maybe only thirty seconds," Angie said. "Not much time."
In a split moment Twilight knew she could fight with Angie by letting the two Sams battle, but in only a few seconds Blacky's neck would be broken. There was no other recourse except to let her in. 
And so she opened the door.
Angie saw the opening and peered inside, relaxing her grip on Blacky as she did so. His feet touched the ground, and he slid away from her death grip, watching her mesmerized reaction to whatever it was she was seeing. He gladly moved away from her toward Twilight. 
Angie closed her eyes, drinking in the vision she was seeing through Twilight's mind. At first her mouth opened in awestruck revelation, then smiled in jubilation as she discovered the information she had been seeking all this time. The crystal! The missing crystal!...
She opened her eyes in drunken languor, not knowing how much time had passed. Twilight and Blacky were still there. Twilight's presence emanated strong power, and in a moment of horrid realization Angie realized it was because her own power had weakened. The blasted girl had used the moment to seize her own power! 
Angie gasped for breath as if she was about to faint. She leaned against the wall. "Damn you, Twilight! You've weakened me! Do you know what you've done?"
"It was either you or me. You know that."
"I feel weak...I've got to...get it back..." She closed her eyes, summoning as much strength as she could. When she opened them again she seemed marginally stronger, and her eyes looked angrily at Twilight, then turned hungrily toward Blacky. She stepped forward into the light, toward him, and now he could see the gauntness in her hollow cheeks, the wanting desperation in her eyes. Her chest heaved up and down as she sucked air like a fish on dry land. Her skin appeared jaundiced even in this dim light. Had she looked that way a moment ago? Blacky didn't think so. When she had him against the wall he'd gotten one good glimpse of her face in the street light, and it had seemed much more youthful than it looked now. He felt a tremor inside, like his skin wanted to crawl off his body.
"They will come now because of you," she said to Twilight, "You know that. And you know what I have to do to stop them..."
Though she appeared weak, she lunged for Blacky with a quickness that surprised him. He jumped away just out of her reach and stumbled over a trash can. He looked around and picked up a piece of pipe laying nearby. He sprang to his feet and held the pipe threateningly. Angie smiled and stepped closer, disregarding the threat, but Twilight moved in front of Blacky. "Wait!" she said, "You don't have to do this! What I took from you I can give back. Do you understand?"
Angie looked at her uncomprehendingly. Her eyes seemed half crazed and Twilight wasn't sure she had even heard her. "You don't have to take his energy!" she yelled. "You can have mine! I can give it back to you!
Angie stopped and stared at Twilight in bewilderment.
"Don't hurt him!" Twilight said, "Promise me you won't hurt him and I'll put back what I took. But you have to back away. Do you understand?"
Blacky heard the sound of speeding vehicles roaring up the road, and he saw the flashing lights of an ambulance racing by, followed moments later by two unmarked police cars. They were heading uptown, toward the park.
Another vehicle sped by going the opposite way, then screeched to a halt after it had passed the alley. It backed up and stopped in the driveway. A man with a shaved head got out. He wore shades, and Blacky got an ominous feeling from him as soon as he saw him. "Angie! There you are! The cops are heading up to my place. I was sure they seen me. It's time to go, Angie," he said, "Like now!"
"Decide," Twilight said.
Angie glowered at Twilight. "Damn you!" 
"Decide!"
"Okay! Do it!"
"You'll leave him alone?"
Angie gave a half smile. "For now."
Twilight reached forward and took hold of Angie's face. She stepped closer and placed her lips squarely on Angie's. Angie did not resist. She took it in, and grew visibly stronger. She drew in a deep breath when Twilight backed away. Her color had returned. But her face still had a misshapen look. For a few moments she seemed to be awakening from a trance and was only now remembering her surroundings. She cast a lingering sad look to Twilight. "If they come we both lose," she said. "Remember that." She turned to leave, but cast a cynical look to Blacky. "Goodbye, young shaman."
Renewed with vigor, Angie turned and ran for the car. She got in and they sped down the road toward the city.
"Whew! That was close," Blacky said. Twilight drew a deep breath and became visibly weak. Her legs trembled. Blacky reached out for her. "Twilight! Are you okay?" She collapsed in his arms, and he laid her down on the ground. "Oh God! Twilight! Are you okay? Are you dying?"
She drew in another deep breath and reached up to caress his face with her hand. She smiled faintly. "No, my love, I'm not dying. I'm just very weak. I need to rest a moment."
He cradled her head in his hands and stroked her hair. "What happened?" he asked.
"She took more energy than she needed. I'll be all right. But are you okay? Your throat..."
Blacky rubbed his neck. "I feel a little sore, that's for sure. She could've killed me pretty quick I think."
"Blacky, listen to me. You're father is in danger."
Blacky blinked at her, startled by this. "What?"
"Help me to sit up." She sat up and leaned against the wall with his assistance. She looked deeply into his eyes. "I can read her mind clearly now. She is on her way to kill your father."
"Why?"
"Because she wants something that your father has. You see, she also knows what is in my mind now. We are now an open book to each other. I don't think I can shut her out anymore. Back at your father's office I saw it, the talisman. The crystal blade, the one that was in the picture on the wall. Your father has it in his desk drawer."
Blacky looked confused. "Why is it so important?"
"It was taken from the Place of the Wounded Gorge, where Sam lives. With the spike Sam was able to keep closed the doorway which allows the Chindi Tribe to come into our reality."
"You mean a doorway to the other world?"
"Yes. To one level, anyway. It is one of many different levels. Sam is the gatekeeper of this one. When I saw the crystal I realized that was why Sam had come back here. I tried to hide the information from Angie so I might get the crystal first. But now it's too late for that. She's on her way to get it."
Blacky searched her face for some kind of visible confirmation. "You're certain of this?" 
He felt her eyes penetrate his own. "Trust me. She's going to kill him," she said firmly.
Blacky bit his lip anxiously. "But why would she do that?"
"Because he will not give it up."
Blacky closed his eyes and pondered this. She was right. He would never give it up. The drunken fool would rather die than give up one of his most prized treasures!
Blacky stood up. "Then I've got to warn him!"
Twilight nodded. "There's a phone back at the bar. Hurry!"
"I'll be right back!" Blacky sprinted down the block toward Murphy's. He ran inside and wedged his way through the crowd, shoving some people aside as he went. He reached a phone and dialed his father's office number. The number rang several times without turning on the answer machine. Blacky hung up. It might mean he was still there, and too drunk to answer. He dialed Luis' home number, and got the answer machine on the third ring. When the beep came, he said, "Pop! It's me! If you're there pick up the phone! Pick up the phone, man!" He waited for a moment, then cursed. "Shit! Pop! If you get this message, take care. Somebody's after you! It's that girl from your past. She's alive and well and she's coming after you. She wants that crystal knife of yours, and she means to kill you for it! Pop, if you get this message get out of the house quick! Call the police! I'll be out there soon."
He hung up and wondered what to do next. Drive out there? But what if he was too late? His old truck was no match for the Mazda. What to do? Time was wasting. He made his way back through the crowd and out the door. While running back up the street he saw the flashing lights of the ambulance and police cars up ahead about three long blocks. He stopped and stared. He suddenly knew what to do.
Maybe for a change the cops were the answer.
#
49

Mose Has His Hands Full

Not your average Saturday night

Mose Hartlick winced when the ambulance attendants picked up Vic and put him on the stretcher. Even though Vic's right leg was temporarily splinted, the slightest movement seared his entire right side. He cried out in pain several times. Mose felt sympathetic pain shooting up his own leg.
He watched the attendants place Vic in the ambulance, secure the stretcher, and drive away. Then he turned his attention to Johnny and Jake, who were leaning against his cruiser. He'd already gotten their statements about what had happened and checked out the apartment upstairs. Detective Dick Bowler was still up there looking around.
"Well fellas," he said, "Not your average Saturday night, is it?" 
Johnny and Jake both shook their heads. "No sir," Jake said.
"I bet you wish you were gigging somewhere tonight." He smiled cryptically.
Jake nodded agreeably. Johnny said cynically, "We sure ain't making any money standing around here."
Mose raised his eyebrows at this. "I see. Is the Colorado Springs PD inconveniencing you tonight and interfering with your financial success, Johnny?" 
Johnny snorted a laugh. "Thanks to you and the media, my financial success is already interfered with, if not permanently ruined."
Mose laughed. "Don't be so negative, Johnny. Look at it this way. If you play your cards right, maybe get yourself the right agent, you can tell your story to the Enquirer, or maybe get on TV. That is, if anyone is interested after you get out of prison in twenty years."
"What! You ain't blaming this on me, are you?"
Mose shrugged. "I don't know yet. It sure seems like a strange coincidence that you guys keep turning up like bad pennies with this case. And now you're connected with this guy Vic. I don't know who to blame this on."
"We're not connected with him. We don't even know him." Johnny said.
"Right. You don't know him. You all just happened to meet together and decide to break into this apartment to see what sort of mayhem the girl and her boyfriend were up to."
"We thought she was going to kill this guy," Jake said.
"Yeah, right," Johnny said, "And instead he tried to kill us."
"Well, you know, breaking and entering does have that kind of effect on some people," Mose said sarcastically.
"We thought he was in danger!" Johnny said.
"Yeah? Well who the hell are you? Robocop? Just felt like getting out tonight and shooting that Frontier Pacemaker of yours?"
"Peacemaker."
"Whatever!
"And I don't have it with me."
"That's good! I'm glad to hear that. Believe me, if I even suspected you had that sidearm lying around here somewhere I'd shove the barrel up your ass and make you eat the bullets. Then I'd pull the trigger."
Jake laughed. Mose gave him a scowl and Jake shrugged. "I thought it was funny," he said. "I'd like to use that sometime."
"Fuck you," Mose said.
"So what're we doin', Captain?" Johnny asked, "Can we go home now?"
Mose eyed both of them skeptically. "I don't know yet. I have this funny feeling if I let you go something else is going to happen and I won't get any sleep tonight. Technically I should haul your asses in for breaking and entering. But since this girl Angie is involved here I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt. I've got a couple of uniforms searching the neighborhood so hopefully we'll pick up her and her boyfriend soon, and I'll start getting some answers around here."
"Does that mean I'm no longer a suspect?" Johnny said. 
"Don't count your chickens just yet, Hawkins."
A brown Chevy pickup screeched to a halt on the other side of the street, next to the park. Blacky hopped out and ran across the street. Twilight was right behind him. "Well I'll be damned," Mose said, "Is this who I think it is?"
Blacky saw Mose and silently cursed. Of all the damn cops in this town, he thought, why does Hartlick have to be here right now? 
"Oh shit, Blacky," Jake said, "You picked a fine time to come over and say hi."
"If I'm not mistaken," Mose said, "this would be Joseph Blackfeather, one time juvenile delinquent extraordinaire, and current car thief. Would that be you,...Blacky?"
Blacky came closer. "I'm not a car thief. I don't do that anymore. My record is clean."
"Not according to my records, you're not."
"What are you talking about? I did my time!"
"Yep, you did. But you were court ordered to report to me after you got out. You never did. You just high tailed it down to your reservation land. So technically, your case is not closed. You're still a wanted man, son."
With a swift motion, Mose whirled out a pair of handcuffs and clicked one cuff on Blacky's left hand. Blacky looked at him incredulously. "You can't be serious! You're arresting me?"
Mose smiled. "Only temporarily, Joseph. Just long enough to go down to the station and clean up my records. You see, I like to get the last word in."
"Look, can't we do this another time? My father's in danger!"
Mose laughed. "That's a good one. I've never heard that one before."
"I'm serious."
Mose dragged him over to the squad unit and put the other cuff on the driver door handle. "Son, I'm sure you're serious as a heart attack. Whether it's true or not is anybody's guess, and my guess is you're full of shit, just like before. But that doesn't matter to me. Either way, you're going down to the station to close my books."
"You're just pissed off because I stole your car once."
Mose leaned toward him and smiled. "You're right."
Blacky tried to reason with him. "Look. I promise I'll come down to the station with you, tonight. But first you gotta help my father. He really is in trouble."
"Please listen to him!" Twilight said.
"You stay out of this," Mose said to her.
"Why doncha listen to him, man?" Johnny said. "At least hear him out!"
"What's going on?" Jake said.
"She's going to kill him," Blacky said.
"Who?" Jake said.
"Everybody just shut up!" Mose barked. Everyone turned to look at him. "All right! That's enough. Now I'm going in to talk to detective Bowler, and I'll be back in a few minutes. Then you can tell me what's on your mind, okay? Good enough? In the meantime, just cool it. Everybody stay put, and that includes you, little girl, got it?"
Mose didn't wait for a reply. He turned and walked hurriedly toward the back of the building.
"Asshole," Blacky said, tugging on the cuffs. 
"Blacky, what's going on?" Jake said.
"It's Angie. She's on her way to my father's office to kill him."
"Why?"
"Because she's looking for something, and she means to get it. I don't have time to explain it all right now. I've got to get out there, or get the police out there."
"Maybe Hartlick will listen to reason when he comes back out," Jake said.
"He's just being a prick," Johnny said, looking through the cruiser for extra keys. "Hey there's a shotgun in here! Why don't we blow those cuffs right off? You can still do medicine work with one hand, right?" He laughed, but no one else joined in.
"We're losing time," Twilight said. Blacky looked at her. Her voice had changed. It not only sounded more urgent, but he realized that Sam had taken over. "You must try to make him understand." She kicked off her shoes and took her coat off.
"Twilight, what are you going to do?"
"I will do what must be done." She lifted her dress over her head and let it fall to the ground.
Johnny sat in the cruiser, stupified. "What in the hell are you doing, Twilight? You wanna get busted for indecent exposure? Not that I mind you taking your dress off, but there's a time and a place for these things..."
Jake stood watching her, speechless.
"Of course!" Blacky said, "That's it! But do you think you can outrun them as a wolf?"
"No," she said, "I cannot outrun them." She stretched her arms out and lifted her eyes to the sky. Within seconds her body metamorphosed into a crow.
"Holy shit!" Johnny said, "What the fuck..."
Jake was still speechless.
The crow hovered in the air for a moment then landed on the roof of the car, looking at Blacky. He heard her speaking to him in his mind. "I will do what I can. Follow when you are able." The crow flapped its wings again and took off into the night sky, toward the northeast. In seconds it was out of sight.
Blacky watched her go in awe, and felt a pang of sorrow in his heart. I'll never see her again, he feared. 
"Did I just see what I think I saw?" Johnny said, getting out of the car and following the path of the bird.
Blacky looked at him. "Did you believe what you saw at Lindy's?"
Johnny looked back at him and snorted a laugh. "Dude, I saw it, but I still don't know if I believe it."
"We've got to follow her!" Blacky said.
"How? You're all cuffed up," Jake said.
"Hey man," Johnny said, "If your old man's really in deep shit, then I'll follow her. I can use your truck or I can run home and get my van."
"Shouldn't we call the police?" Jake said. 
"We've got the damn police right here!" Johnny said.
"Well Hartlick doesn't seem too receptive right now."
"Well then, we got to make him understand what's going on," Johnny said. Then his face looked puzzled. "Which reminds me, would somebody please tell me what the fuck is going on?"
Blacky stared at the cuff on his hand. He yanked it a couple of times, then tried to slip through it. "You know, I can almost get my hand through here..." Then he stopped and reconsidered. "Hey! I've got it!"
Jake and Johnny looked at him. "Got what?"
"They left the keys in the ignition! Johnny, get inside and open this window!"
Johnny winced at him, but got in and rolled the window down. Blacky immediately climbed into the cruiser through the opening and sat himself in the seat. He started up the car, positioning his left arm bent at the elbow. 
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Jake said.
"Looks like I'm stealing Hartlick's car again," Blacky said. "You guys wanna go for a ride and be heroes?"
Jake and Johnny looked at each other. "Are you really gonna take this car, man?" Johnny asked.
"We're wasting time," Blacky said, "You comin' or not?"
Johnny laughed and got in. "Why not?"
"Do you guys realize what you're doing?" Jake said.
"C'mon partner, so we spend a night in the can. It'll be great publicity for the band."
Jake shook his head. "Oh shit!" He got in the back seat. "I don't believe this!"
Johnny slapped Blacky on the back. "Kid, you got balls, I'll say that."  
"My name is Blacky," he said.
Johnny grinned at him. "Whatever you say,...Blacky."
Blacky nodded, put the car in gear, and took off like a shot, wheels spinning. "Johnny, take the wheel!" he said. Johnny moved over and grabbed it. Blacky tried to slip his hand through the cuff. It came out halfway and then stuck. "Shit, almost got it."
"Christ!" Johnny said, "Take your damn foot off the pedal and gimme the wheel! You wanna get us all killed?"
The car weaved back and forth in the light traffic. Blacky gave it over and the car straightened out. "If we run into another cruiser we're in big time trouble," Jake said, "did you consider that?"
"We're already in big time trouble, partner," Johnny mused.
"No, he's right," Blacky said, "if we run into another squad car we may not make it to my dad in time."
"They could set up a roadblock, or run us off the road," Jake worried, "Hell, they're the police! There's lots of things they could do. Send a helicopter, a SWAT team..."
"We'll cut through the Garden of the Gods park. It'll be faster and there won't be any traffic. It's just up ahead. Turn left."
"I see it," Johnny said. They turned into the drive along Garden of the Gods Rd., passing through the campsite, and eventually into the park.
The radio squelched. "Blacky! This is Detective Hartlick! Do you read me? Over."
Johnny picked up the mike. "Hey man! We thought we'd take this little baby out and see what she can do! Right now we're taking us a little joy ride through..."
"Gimme that thing!" Blacky said, yanking out of his hands. "I don't want him to know where we are. You drive."
Johnny shrugged and smiled. "It's your show, partner."
"Blackfeather, you son of a bitch!" Hartlick barked, "You're in for it now! You know that? You turn around right now, and bring the car back and I'll go easy on you. If you don't, you're going back to the slammer for sure. Copy that? Over."
There was a silence in the car as they drove down the darkened road through the park, the giant red stone formations forming black silhouettes against the night sky on either side of them. Once this was an Indian burial ground, Blacky thought. 
"Whoa," Johnny said, lighting a cigarette with one hand and driving with the other. "The dude definitely means business. He ain't a happy camper."
"Stop the car!" Blacky said. Johnny pulled over. Blacky collected himself, then picked up the mike and said, "Hartlick, this is Blacky. Now listen to me. If you want your car back, you can have it. It's too fast for me anyway, but right now I need some speed, because my father's in trouble, and you're gonna help him. So I want you to follow me and have some of your buddies waiting when we get there. But I don't want you to set up any roadblocks or anything, so get a pencil, because I'm going to give you some directions on how to get to where we're all going, and how to find your car when you get there..."
#
50

Luis & A Most Persistent Crow

Had he really just said that?

Luis had been asleep in his office in the Colorado College Administration Building. He'd had a dream. Joseph had been trying to call to him from across a river, but his voice was overpowered by the roar of the waters. Luis tried to make out what he was saying and just when he was able to decipher some words he heard a noise behind him. It was at this point that he awoke, hearing a knock at his door. He opened his eyes and realized his office was dark. At first he wasn't sure where he was. He shook off the effects of sleep, tucked in his shirt and answered the door. It was Simmons, one of two security guards in the Administration building, a muscular looking man in his thirties. "Evening, Dr. Blackfeather," he said, "Sorry to bother you, but I didn't see any lights on in your office and I heard a noise."
"Yes, that was me waking up. I guess I fell asleep. I'll be leaving soon."
Simmons smiled and nodded apologetically. "Well then I'll go turn on the hall lights for you so you won't be walking in the dark."
"Thank you," Luis said, closing the door. He went to his desk and poured the last remains of the bottle into his glass, enough for a half swallow.
"Time to go home," he said aloud, raising the glass. But instead of bringing it to his lips, he held it up and gazed at the amber liquid hesitantly, though not without fondness. He breathed deeply as he pondered the many times he had enacted this meaningless ritual. He remembered the argument with his son, and that Joseph would not be there when he got home. Something burned within him about this. He felt sadly about the argument, and he tried to push it away. You've had enough, he thought. Surprising himself, he set the glass down on his desk. "It's time to go home," he said again, quietly.
He was startled by a loud noise at the window. Out of the corner of his eye he saw a black figure flutter briefly in view then move away. A bird? It must have been a bird. A black bird. He turned toward the window and it happened again. A large crow flew lightly toward the glass, making contact with its talons, then flew away. It repeated this movement, and Luis stared incredulously at it. At first he thought the bird had accidentally flown into the window, as birds sometimes did when they could not see the glass. It often happened in large buildings with huge panels of mirrored glass reflecting the surrounding environment. The bird, unable to discern the difference between the reflection of the sky and the real thing, would fly blissfully into the pane of glass, breaking its fragile little neck, then tumbling ten stories or more to the ground.
But this was different. It seemed as if this bird was trying to get in. Again the bird flew up to the window, making what sounded like a deliberate knocking with its talons against the glass. "What's this?" Luis said aloud with a laugh, moving toward the window, "Some kind of omen?"
He stopped. What was that he had just said? An omen? Had he really just said that? He had not thought that way in years. In the early days of his youth he had heard stories of animal power. His father had told him that animal spirits were alive in the world, often carrying messages to the human creatures, messages from the other world. As a youth he was often enthralled by the idea. But years of living in the world of whites had dulled his interest. Now the stories made for interesting mythology in his classes. But no concrete proof existed to support such ideas. Except that here and now a large black crow was making very odd gestures at his window. 
Cautiously he went to the window and opened it. The bird was out of sight. He looked left and right and straight up, and was about to close the window when the bird swooped in from an unseen direction and fluttered around the office a couple of times, finally landing on the floor.
Luis cursed silently to himself and stood motionless, partially out of curiosity, which told him that this was no ordinary situation; and partially out of fear, which told him that suddenly a large bird was loose in his office and how was he going to get it out of here without getting his eyes pecked out? The bird also was motionless, staring at him with deep black impenetrable eyes, as if waiting for him to make the first move. Yet within the eyes was a kind of strange familiarity. It seemed clear to Luis that the bird had no fear of him whatsoever. 
"Well! You picked a fine time to come flying into my office," he said, moving slowly around the edge of the office, trying to get the bird between him and the window. "I really appreciate the visit but I'm afraid you can't stay. I've got to be going now..." The bird followed his movement, moving its feet in order to face him, but did not back away. Luis waved his arms, then stepped closer and waved. The bird did not flinch. Luis grabbed his coat from the back of his chair and began waving it. The bird fluttered a few steps toward the window. "Ah! That's more like it," he said, "Now I've got you on the run!"
When the bird had backed all the way to the wall and showed no intention of flying out the window, Luis resolved to throw his coat over the creature and toss the bird out in that manner. He spread his coat in front of him and made ready, advancing a few short steps. Then he let the coat fly and it landed over the creature. Quickly he held his hands over the struggling bird, trying to maintain a grip. The bird started cawing in protest. When Luis finally got a grip on the bird, he attempted to lift it up toward the window, but for some strange reason the bird seemed incredibly heavy, too heavy to lift. He tried again, and this time the bird seemed to have increased its size. In a matter of seconds the bird's size seemed to match that of Luis' coat. Luis held on tight and stared aghast as a giant bill emerged from the coat and pecked his left hand. He cried out in horror and jumped back, knocking into the desk and landing on the floor. "Good God!" he exclaimed, "It's a devil bird!"
The beak disappeared inside the coat, and suddenly a head of hair appeared, and bare legs grew out the bottom flaps of the coat. Hands appeared, and grasped the cloth as Twilight's form emerged from the metamorphosis. Luis stared wide eyed, no longer in horror, but in stupefied amazement. "I don't believe it!" he said, "It's you!"
Twilight sat upright, holding the coat against her. "Hello Luis. May I call you Luis?"
Luis's jaw hung open. "I don't believe it! Joseph was right about you. You're a shape-shifter! But this is impossible!"
"Is it, Luis? Doctor Blackfeather? Mr. Anthropologist? Do your eyes deceive you even now? Perhaps it is all the 'firewater' you've had, and this is all just a dream. Could that be the explanation?"
"Yes," Luis said, "You're right. That could be the explanation! I'm dreaming."
Twilight laughed, not a friendly laugh, but a laugh of sarcasm, for it was Sam speaking through her. She stood up. "It's cold. May I wear this?"
Luis laughed. "Of course. My apparition is naked and wants to wear my coat! How can I refuse?"
Twilight put it on and regarded him curiously. "Are you all right?"
Luis held up his hands and laughed again. "Oh sure! I'm fine! I must be drunk out of my mind. I've seen pink elephants before, but this one takes the cake. This is the first time I've seen a crow turn into a girl."
Twilight went over to him and examined his face and eyes. "I do not know if you are drunk or not, but you are not dreaming. Do you understand?" She held his face in her hands gently, but firmly.
Luis looked at her soberly, and realized with increasing shock that she was right. He was not drunk. Nor was he dreaming. This was all too real. "Oh my God!" he said in abject acceptance. "You are real."
Twilight stared into his eyes, and she gave a half-smile. "Yes, Luis, I'm real. Blacky was right."
Luis nodded hesitantly. "Well...it seems I have no choice but to believe in you."
"So it would seem," she answered. "Can you stand?"
He nodded, and she helped him up. He said, "I have several mythological questions I'd like to ask you."
She said, "Luis, listen to me. We don't have much time. We've got to get out of here. Now."
#
51

Security Guard Simmons Gets a Surprise

Not my job

Security guard Simmons walked down the dark hallway toward the stairs. At the end of the hallway was a switch panel for the hall lights. He flicked a switch but no lights came on. There were four switches and he tried them all. None of them worked. "What the hell is going on with the lights?" he said aloud. "They were working twenty minutes ago." Now he would have to go to the basement to look at the electric panel. If he was lucky it was a simple matter of a blown breaker switch. But if the breaker itself had malfunctioned, then it was time to call in an electrician. "Not my job," he said. 
He whistled a tune from Porgy and Bess. Summertime. He stepped lively down the marble stairs, listening to the clopping echoes his footsteps made. When he got to the bottom in the basement, he stopped. For a moment he thought he'd heard an extra echo. He listened intently, staring down a long dark hallway leading to several utility doors, all closed. He looked back up the stairs behind him, and got an eerie feeling that someone was there. "Hello?" he said, "Dr. Blackfeather? Is that you?"
Silence answered him. He shrugged and pulled a flashlight out of his coat pocket and walked toward the electrical room, straight ahead. Halfway toward the door, he heard another noise, this time coming from behind the door. He felt sweat trickle down his back. A shiver of fear traveled up his spine. What was going on here? "Who's there?" he called out. 
The door opened slowly. Simmons stared at it wide eyed, wishing not for the first time on this job that he was allowed to carry a gun. The door opened to reveal the blackness of the room beyond. From within this darkness emerged a figure of a man. A bald headed man. Simmons shined the flashlight on him. Who the hell was this freako? "Okay buddy, just hold it right there!"
The man laughed and began to walk toward Simmons. At the same time, Simmons heard quickening footsteps behind him. He turned around just in time to see another figure reaching out for him.
A blond haired woman, with the strangest face he'd ever seen.
#
52

Blacky Races Against Time

We all have the same potential

Blacky was still trying to free his left hand. It was stuck halfway through the metal cuff, and he was wishing his left thumb was double-jointed so he could more easily slip it through. Johnny was still driving from the middle of the seat, this time with his own foot on the gas. As long as they were secluded by the darkness of the park they were safe, but at some point they would need to drive in mainstream traffic. Even though it was late at night they were still likely to attract attention. And there would be more police out looking for them now. They had heard the call go out from Hartlick.
"I've almost got it," Blacky said, "Don't we have some oil or some lubricant in the car?"
"There might be some motor oil in the trunk," Johnny said.
"There's a first aid kit back here," Jake said, "I'll see what's inside."
"So what's our route?" Johnny said.
"We cut through the park," Blacky replied, "Come out on Garden of the Gods Rd. toward I-25, then south to Uintah like bats out of hell, lights flashing. When we hit Uintah, we'll tell Hartlick where we're going."
"All right, dude. Awesome! I like it!" 
"Hey, there's a tube of petroleum jelly here!" Jake said, "Try some of this."
"Excellent!" Blacky said. He squeezed a generous amount on his left hand and worked it in. "It's working!" he said excitedly, "I can feel my hand coming out. Yeah!"
In a few seconds, his hand slipped free, to the cheers of all of them. "All right!" Blacky said, "Let me have the wheel back."
"You got it, man" Johnny said.
Jake gave Blacky a large gauze pad to wipe his greasy hand. "Hey man," Johnny said, "So how did Twilight get mixed up in all this ghost shit?"
"She's psychic," Blacky said, "She has strong medicine. She could be a shaman if she trained with a teacher. Something happened to her when she met Angie. Two sides of the same spirit divided and shared their bodies. Somehow the good part entered into her, and the bad part stayed in Angie."
"What about this shape-shifting stuff you were talking about?"
"You saw it. It's real. Shape-shifters have been around forever. Those who have known their true inner power and worked with it have been able to transform themselves into whatever animal shape they wanted."
"What about bad shamans?" Jake asked, "Can they change shapes too?"
"Of course," Blacky said, "Power is power. One has to choose to use it for good or evil."
"So what happened with this dude Sam? How come half of him is good and half evil?"
"I don't know for sure. Sam's life made him the way he is. But I know we all have the same potential. We're all half good and half evil. The potential for both exists in all of us."
Blacky took up the radio mike. "Yo Hartlick, you there?"
There was a squelch. "You know I'm here, kid. You guys gonna tell me where you are now before this soup gets too thick?"
"Soon, man, soon. Why don't you and your boys go to Cascade and Colorado and wait for further instructions? I'll get back to you with a final destination in five. Over and out, dude!"
Blacky put the mike down. "Y'know, I've always wanted to say that!" Blacky said. The three of them laughed.
They exited the park onto Garden of the Gods Rd., turning east toward the interstate.
"Okay boys," Blacky said, "Fasten your belts. It's time to see what this baby can do." 
He hit the lights.
#
53

Angie & Lucas Break In Luis' Office

This is what we're looking for

Three shadowy figures walked down the dark hallway, guided by the light of Simmon's flashlight. They stopped at Luis' office door. Lucas tried the knob; it was locked. Angie shined the flashlight in Simmon's face. "Do you have a key?" she asked. Simmons shook his head dumbly, his blank viscous eyes staring straight ahead of him. "Then break it down!" Angie ordered.
Obediently, Simmons braced his hand on the door knob and with one good surge of force battered his shoulder against the wood paneled door. The door gave slightly. He braced himself for another try and this time the door yielded, with bits of wood jamb splinters flying in all directions. 
Angie stepped into the office and shined the light all around the room. "He's not here," she said. "But you saw him not more than fifteen minutes ago?"
Simmons nodded dumbly. "No matter," she said, "Search this office thoroughly."
"Wait!" Lucas said, "Someone is coming!"
A voice was heard down the hall. Someone was coming up the stairs. "Yo Simmons, that you?" the voice said.
"Who is it?" Angie asked Simmons quietly.
"O'Brien, the other guard on duty." Simmons talked hypnotically, with a monotone speech.
"Call him," Angie said.
Simmons stepped out into the hall and said "I'm in here, O'Brien."
"Hey man, what's going on? I thought I heard a crash."
"Come and see. There's been a break-in."
O'Brien, also tall and muscular as Simmons, registered surprise. "What! Are you kidding me?" He hurried down the hall. Like Simmons, he carried no gun, but he did carry a night stick. "What in the hell?" he said, entering the office. He looked across the room and saw Angie. "Who is this? The break in?"
Lucas, hiding off to the side, now came forward and deftly lifted the nightstick from O'Brien's belt, and in one quick smooth motion brought it down hard on his head. O'Brien turned toward him slightly and received the brunt of the blow on his forehead. He dropped to the floor and Lucas hit him again to make sure he was out. Then he dropped the stick. "This dude is out!" he said in a proud tone.
Angie paid minimal notice. She now turned her attention to the office, sweeping with her eyes. She saw the pictures on the wall and shined the flashlight on them. "Hey!" Lucas said, moving closer, "It's you!"
Angie took the picture. "It's not me," she said with some bitterness in her voice, "It's her."
Lucas nodded. "Right. Right, I forgot."
Angie pointed to the crystal spike Luis held in the picture. "This is what we're looking for! It's in this office somewhere. Find it!"
#
54

Luis & Twilight's Rooftop Adventure

He was becoming a believer

Down the hall, Luis and Twilight could hear the tumult in his office. Drawers were being emptied, objects were being tossed to the floor. It did not sound good.
They were in a small stairway which led upward to an attic containing a large HVAC unit for the building. They had attempted to reach the main stairs in time, but had heard the others ascending at that point. They had quickly tried other offices, but this was the only unlocked door. They had entered just in time.
Luis groaned inwardly. He was experiencing a myriad of feelings. Hearing the unsettling sounds emanating from his office frightened him. To think what might have happened to him if Twilight had not shown up to warn him was upsetting enough. But knowing who was in charge of this raid was equally disturbing. He had caught a brief glimpse of her as she passed by. He'd opened the door just enough to see her face partially lit by flashlight. Most of it was in shadow, but he'd seen enough to know it was her. Her face was different, hollower, haggard looking, older. Not as old as she ought to look after forty years. But it was her.
Good God, what had happened to her in all of that time? 
The answers to that were linked up with this strange girl next to him, who seemed to know more about her and their situation than he did. And thank God for that. He might be dead right now except for her.
He held the crystal spike in his hands, partially unwrapped in a red felt cloth, felt its coolness, its smooth facets still as sharp as the day he had taken it from that mysterious canyon. This is what they were looking for, what they might easily kill him for. And if Twilight and Joseph were right, this was what Angie had killed many others for.  No, he thought, not her. Sam. Angie could not have killed anyone. He closed his eyes and felt a profound sadness move through him as he thought about Angie from his younger days, how vibrant and determined and wonderful she had been.
Part of him refused to believe this was happening. If it really was her, he felt an impulse to see her directly, to talk to her. He didn't understand what was going on, not completely, but he was understanding enough to know that the woman ransacking his office was not the woman he had known years ago. 
For countless generations many of his people and those of other tribes had believed in the stories of fantastic legends recounted in the histories he had studied, stories of possession, of sorcerers turning themselves into birds, or wolves, any shape imaginable. But they were only stories. The fact that many people believed them did not, in Luis' eyes, make them true. If everyone believed in Santa Claus it would not make Santa Claus real. Until this moment in his life, Luis had believed all of the stories to be utterly fiction.
But now he was becoming a believer. All the strange events leading up to this moment had thoroughly disputed his sense of order in the world, most directly by the phenomenal appearance of Twilight. Thanks to her timely manifestation they were safe, at least for the moment. But good Lord! She was a shape-shifter! Could all the stories he had heard in his youth be true after all? If shape-shifting was real, then were all the stories about Coyote and Changing Woman also true, and not simply myths? Could it be possible?
At this moment he was forced to remind himself that anything was possible, including their deaths if they were not careful.
"We've got to get out of here," Twilight said softly.
"But we have to pass by them to get to the stairs," Luis whispered, "Perhaps we should stay here until they leave."
Twilight looked up the stairs toward the attic. "Looks like we're trapped if we go up that way."
"We seem to be safe enough here if we're quiet."
Twilight shook her head. "We may not be safe for long. Right now Angie probably thinks you're alone, but she will eventually sense my presence.  
"We can't possibly sneak by them."
"We may have no choice. It is taking every ounce of my will to block Angie from knowing we're here. I don't know how much longer I can keep it up." 
Luis felt sweat beading on his forehead. He realized it was very stuffy in this stairwell. He sat down to rest. "Look, you say this crystal is what she wants. What if we just give it to her?"
Twilight looked him in the eyes, and her gaze, even coming through the darkened space as it was, sent a chill through his bones, and he remembered that the two women both shared the same mind. "She will kill you. There can be no witnesses. And you have committed a great wrong in stealing the crystal."
Luis bent his head abjectly. "I realize that now," he said despondently. "But at the time how could I have known that? It was an extraordinary find! I was a scientist! I did not believe in the myths at that time."
"But you believe in them now..."
"Yes! Yes...What choice do I have?"
"Knowing what you believe now, are you willing to part with the crystal?"
Luis held it up and felt the smoothness of it. He did not want to part with it. "There is so much I do not understand about this matter. But I do realize the importance of returning this back to where it belongs. Especially upon seeing what has become of...of my friend."
"I have seen into her mind and her past. She had great love for you. I regret that things could not have been different for you."
Luis looked up at the shadowy face of Twilight, this young girl who had spoken these words, and he realized that there was so much in the world that he did not know. And much of the reason for that was because he had spent too much time behind the safety of these university walls instead of actually living his life. Reading about his people instead of being one of them. So many times he had sheltered himself with his books and his whiskey, playing the kindly and wise old teacher. He had left his adventurous spirit behind long ago, at just about the time that Angie...JudithAnnie...had disappeared.
Then a thought occurred to him. Perhaps things had come full circle for him. Perhaps he was not meant to live through this event. The thought made him shake with fear and trepidation. But along with that was a feeling of clarity, and sudden energy. His body suddenly felt alive. Perhaps this was one more chance for him. Perhaps this was meant to be the last great adventure of his life. 
"Look," he said, I've got an idea. You both want this crystal real bad, right?"
"That is right."
"So the way I see it, if she gets it, I'm a goner. If you get it, then I've got a fighting chance. That is, unless you're planning on killing me too, and you just haven't told me."
For a moment he waited for an answer, seeing only her silhouette staring at him, and for that brief moment he was not sure what her answer would be. But she answered, "It is not my intention to kill you, only to take the crystal."
Inwardly Luis breathed a quiet sigh of relief. "So here's my idea. Can you really shape-shift to a four footed creature like Joseph said you did?"
"Yes."
"Good! Then all you need to do is change shapes and take the crystal in your teeth. Then you run down the hall and down the stairs. You'll be much faster than them. They'll follow you instead of me, right?"
Twilight thought a moment. "It is possible..."
"Then I can break into one of the other offices and call the police."
Twilight was silent as she deliberated. Luis said, "It will buy us some time at the very least."
"All right," Twilight said, "But it is possible they may not all follow me. And if she is close to you, all of the police in this town will not be able to help you."
Luis had not considered this. She was right. "Well then I guess I'll have to take that chance."
They were both silent for a moment. Then Twilight said, "Are you ready?"
"Just one thing," Luis said, "If you make it out of here and I don't, find Joseph for me. Tell him...tell him I'm very proud of him."
"I will tell him," Twilight said softly.
Luis nodded. He was satisfied. "Good. I'm ready now."
He stood up, fingering the piece of felt, intending to cover up the crystal, as Twilight made ready to shift her form. But in his handling of the material he felt the spike slip out of its jacket. He sucked in a breath as the crystal bounced off the door and fell to the floor, making a very audible noise. He cursed silently to himself.
He felt Twilight's hand on his arm, as if to stifle any further noise. She opened the door slightly and peered through the crack. "What is it?" Luis said, "What do you see?"
Grimly Twilight said, "They're coming!"
#
55

Mose Hartlick Speeds to the College

We have no other choice

Mose Hartlick was driving east down Colorado Ave, heading toward the bridge, toward Cascade Ave. He sat in the front seat, Dick Bowler was in the back, and a uniformed officer was driving. Another unit was driving down Cimarron the same direction. Several more were stationed at the intersection of Cascade and Colorado.
"He did say his father was in danger from this girl."
"Two cruisers are on their way to Blackfeather's house in the Black Forest," Hartlick said, "Until we understand the connection between Blackfeather and the girl we don't know jack shit. All I know is I'm going to put that kid through a wringer when I see him. All of them for that matter."
"Let's wait and see the connection first," Bowler said, "For all we know, the kid is right."
"What do you mean he's right?"
Bowler shrugged. "Give him the benefit of the doubt. Maybe his father is in danger." 
Hartlick chomped his cigar and turned back to stare at Bowler. "I am giving him the benefit of the doubt. Why do you think we're playing along like this?"
Bowler smiled. "Because we have no other choice?"
Hartlick let out a quick laugh, then closed it with a long contemplative puff of his cigar.
#
56

Twilight & Luis  Up To the Roof

I don't like heights

Twilight jerked the door shut and threw the latch. "This won't keep them out for long. Follow me!"
She started up the stairs, turning back to beckon him. Luis watched her, undecided, but when he heard the door knob suddenly being rattled from the other side he hurried upward. The door held fast despite several strong pulls.
At the top of the stairs they looked around at the small attic room they were in. There was a large air conditioning unit taking up much space, and another doorway. The ceiling sloped rather sharply. There was no place to hide up here. They both saw that quite clearly.
"Ive never been up here," Luis said, "I'm surprised. From outside it looks much bigger."
"Outside?" Twilight said.  She went up to the other door, turned the latch and opened it. Beyond was an opening to the outside. A small catwalk led out to the roof, and around an extension of the air conditioning unit. She went through the door and stood at the edge of a railing. The slope of the roof continued down steeply, ultimately leading to a four story drop to the ground.
She looked up toward the peak of the roof. Further up the slope and closer to the edge rose a large chimney. There was another one on the other side of the peak. 
She beckoned to Luis again, but he shook his head. "No, I don't think I can. I don't like heights."
"You don't like heights," Twilight said, "Are you sure you have Navajo blood?" She grabbed his hand and pulled him out. As she shut the door she heard the barrage of attacks on the lower door. "For once in my life I wish I had a gun," Luis said.
The wind was strong at this height, gusting in intervals, almost knocking Luis over at one point. Twilight stood on the railing and boosted herself up onto the slate tiles of the roof. The pitch was steep. She reached out for his hand. "Up there?" Luis said, "do we have to?"
"We don't have much choice," she said, "We can defend ourselves more easily up there than we can down here. Give me your hand. I'll help you."
He climbed up on the railing and with her help raised himself up a few feet to the tiles. His heart pounded as his feet slipped several times as he climbed higher toward the peak. They were able to hang onto the edge of the tiles as they rose higher, up to six feet short of the peak. "I can't make that," Luis said, sounding winded, "It's too steep. There's nothing to hang onto."
"I'll go up first," Twilight said, "Then you can hang onto me."
Suddenly the door below burst open, and now Luis saw three figures on the catwalk. The danger of his situation was all too apparent and he felt the racing beat of his heart pulse pounding through his body. Adrenaline surged through him and he made an extra effort to reach the peak of the roof. Twilight reached for his hand and he gave it to her. He marveled at her miraculous strength. She did not appear strong enough to pull him to the top but she did. He straddled the peak with one leg on either side and caught his breath. "Now what?" he said between gasps.
Twilight stood on top of the peak, perfectly balanced. She watched the other three below begin to make their moves. Lucas was making his way toward the other end of the roof, using the gutter as a foothold. Simmons, the security guard, was beginning to climb up the same path they had taken. Angie watched calmly but intently from where she was. Twilight read her thoughts clearly, knowing both men were under her influence. "They are going to come at us from both ends," she said. She made a quick observation around them and then said,  "Follow me and make your way to the other end of the roof as best you can. We must get there before the bald one does."
Luis nodded and made his way as fast as he could. He tried to stand but a feeling of vertigo gripped him and he had to sit down again. Twilight went ahead of him, almost running along the ridge of the roof. Her bare feet found good purchase on the clay tiles. She looked toward the gutters and lost sight of Lucas. She continued on to the end and quickly inspected the area. Two more large chimneys extended upward on either side of the roof peak at the end, similar to the other end. Another smaller roof dormer jutted out next to one of the chimneys, again similar to the other end. That meant there was another room below that roof, probably containing air conditioning for the other half of the building, Twilight guessed. She climbed halfway down toward the second catwalk. There was most certainly another door. A means of possible escape! They could climb down the roof valley, swing down onto the catwalk and escape through the service door. If they could get the door open...
And if Luis reached the end before Lucas did...
She looked back to Luis. He was making progress, but he was plainly out of breath, and at this pace it would be several minutes before he reached the end. And Lucas was not the only problem. Simmons had now reached the peak and was negotiating the tiles. His actions were cumbersome and awkward, because of his size and because he had dress shoes on, but he was still managing to walk the peak faster than Luis was straddling. Twilight looked again for Lucas but did not see him. Up here even his white bald head was hard to see in the camouflage of the darkness. Apparently he was still hidden behind the dormer.
Twilight considered Simmons' position. There was no time to go down the roof to check the door. Simmons was almost on Luis. She didn't know if he would kill him, but she assumed that was his intent. 
Luis looked behind him. Simmons was close behind him. He summoned as much strength as he could, but he was feeling exhausted. His arms shook; his leg muscles quivered from exertion. He stopped where he was, realizing he was not going to make it to the other end. Instead of continuing on, he turned around to face Simmons. If this was to be his last great adventure, he thought, better to go out with as much fight as he could muster. "Simmons!" he cried out, "Good God, man, stop! Don't you know what you're doing? It's me, Luis Blackfeather. You've known me for years!"
The expression on Simmons' face was a void, utterly emotionless. The black eyes stared at him, through him, past him as he advanced with his arms reached out for him. Luis shuddered inside to think that anyone could be controlled so completely by such sorcery.
Suddenly Simmons lunged forward. The movement was unexpected. Luis cried out and tried to force himself backward, but Simmons hands were on his coat, trying to lift him up by the lapels.
Twilight scrambled up the roof toward the peak. She did not know if she would make it in time to help Luis.
Simmons was strong, and Luis felt himself being lifted up off the roof. He struggled to little avail. He wondered if Simmons meant to throw him off the building without taking the crystal first. Then he realized that the crystal was in his pocket! If he could reach it maybe Simmons would let go of him. He groped in his right pocket and fished it out, letting the felt fall away to the side. He brandished the spike in front of Simmons' eyes. "Look! Here it is! This is what you want! Take it! Take it!"
Simmons looked at it, momentarily mesmerized by it, then looked back at Luis, and one of his hands wrapped around Luis throat. The other grabbed the crystal. Luis felt sick inside. He knew now that Simmons meant to kill him. Filled with this dread realization, adrenaline shot through his body and he fought back as hard as he could, blindly kicking and thrashing out with his free arm, and trying to pull the spike away from Simmons grasp. With one last mighty pull before he felt sure he would pass out from exhaustion, Luis yanked the spike away, cutting Simmons' hand in the process. Without realizing fully what he was doing, Luis brought the spike back and sent the point driving deeply into Simmons' left leg, just above the knee joint. Simmons yelled out in pain, releasing Luis, staring in pain and shock at him. The strength in his left leg gave out. His leg collapsed and Simmons tumbled down the roof toward the edge, knocking the crystal from Luis' hand. Luis watched in horror as the blade slid down the roof, following Simmons. A ventilator stack saved Simmons from going over the edge. He hit it full force; the blade stopped next to him.
Luis saw that Simmons was out of commission, and felt an enormous relief. He looked back to Twilight who just now reached him. "Are you all right?" she asked. He was out of breath, but he nodded and pointed to the bloody spike laying next to Simmons. The crystal blade. She nodded, patting him on the back. "Where are the others?" he asked. Twilight shook her head. "I'm not sure. Behind the dormer, I think."
They were answered by a cry from the ground. A police car was driving across the lawn, and someone was yelling from the passenger window. The car stopped, and Blacky jumped out the driver's side, freed from the handcuffs. "It's Blacky!" Luis exclaimed. "But what on earth is he doing driving a police car?"
"It's a long story," Twilight said, her lips forming a smile.
Luis waved to Blacky, who ran inside the building with Johnny. Jake stayed down below and turned on the cruiser spotlight, shining it up at the roof. "They're coming up!" Luis said, "At last, help has arrived!"
"We're not safe yet," Twilight said, seeing Lucas' bald head suddenly emerge from the dark on the far end of the roof. He stopped to get his bearings, then redoubled his efforts when he saw them. He was amazingly agile crawling up the roof. Twilight looked back down toward the catwalk. No one appeared to be there. Angie must have followed Lucas. "Come on," she said.
"Where?" Luis asked.
"Back down from where we came."
Twilight led the way, with one hand supporting Luis as he crawled along. They started down the slope toward the catwalk. Then Twilight stopped. Luis looked down, and his heart pounded. Angie suddenly reappeared. She moved over to where Simmons lay and picked up the crystal blade, then smirked up at Luis, pocketing it. Twilight began to scramble back up the roof, but Angie grabbed her ankle and pulled her down easily. Twilight turned and dove into Angie. They wrestled precariously close to the edge of the roof.
Meanwhile Lucas ran along the peak of the roof and reached Luis in seconds. He slid down in back of Luis and wrapped an arm around his neck. Luis slumped backward, unable to offer much resistance. He assumed Lucas was going to kill him and hoped only that it would be quick.
Angie and Twilight, locked in embrace, tumbled together downward toward the roof's edge...
The door flung open and Blacky and Johnny burst through, both wide eyed and confused. In an instant Blacky saw Twilight and Angie heading toward the edge and he dove headlong toward them as they tumbled by him. He grabbed Twilight's left hand and stopped her fall, while his other hand found the edge of the railing. Angie went falling over the edge, but grabbed the gutter as she went over, and hung by one hand.
Johnny watched this in a moment, then turned his attention to Luis and Lucas. In an instant he sized up the situation. Taking off his boots he made his way up the roof, keeping his eyes on Lucas. "You okay there, Luis?" he said.
"I've been better," Luis said, half choking.
"Whatta y'know?" Lucas said, "It's TV man, come here to be a hero."
"That's right, asshole," Johnny said, "Why don't you just let him go now?"
"Why don't you just fuck off, hero man?
"Well, the way I see it, pal, the best chance I've got to clear my name right now is to kick your ass right off this roof.
Johnny had advanced slowly closer to them as he talked, and now was within reach of Luis. Suddenly he grabbed Luis' arm and used it to pull himself upward, just enough to send his fist into Lucas' right eye. Lucas flinched and fell backward enough that he was forced to let go of Luis. Luis scooted down the roof to get away, but Lucas grabbed the collar of his shirt. Johnny grabbed Lucas' arm and gave a jerk sending Lucas flying forward. Lucas tried to grab him but Johnny was out of the way and sent another fist into Lucas' right jaw as he fell forward. Lucas tumbled downward past Luis. He threw his arms and legs out to stem his fall and slid down the rest of the way, right past Twilight and Blacky. He went over the edge, falling into Angie's face. The gutter bent outward, threatening to break off from the weight. Angie let out a muffled groan of pain as Lucas tumbled past her, plummeting to the ground. The impact snapped his neck cleanly.
Mose Hartlick was standing about ten feet away when Lucas hit the ground. He was in complete confusion. Nevertheless he began barking orders to the other police who had also arrived. "Get up there! Quick! Somebody get an ambulance over here!"
Blacky pulled Twilight to safety and held her in his arms gratefully. "I thought I was about to lose you," he said. She smiled tiredly at him and kissed him.
Luis made his way further down toward the edge to where Angie still hung on. "Angie, give me your hand," Luis said. "Johnny, help me please!"
Johnny came down and lay next to Luis, extending his arm further than Luis could. "Take my hand, Angie."
"Take his hand! Grab it!"
Angie looked up at Luis. Their eyes met, and he could see that she was tiring. She began to pant more heavily as she struggled for breath. As their eyes met, he saw a moment of recognition in her face, and it brought tears to his eyes.
Angie let go of the gutter.
Luis closed his eyes, squeezing the pain back down, not wanting to watch. He heard the distant muffled noise of her body hitting the ground. There were shouts from down below. Johnny looked over the edge. He put a hand on Luis' shoulder. "I think she's still alive, man! She's still...Oh shit! Oh my God!"
Luis opened his eyes and saw Johnny staring off to the distance. He turned his eyes to the same direction and was awestruck by the sudden appearance of red fog dropping out of the sky. 
It appeared to be completely surrounding the entire campus area like an enormous fence. 
"Blacky!" Johnny said, "Do you see that? Do you see it? It's happening again!"
"I see it," Blacky whispered. He held Twilight closer to him.
The fog was moving in, toward them all. 
#
57

The Return of the Ghost Tribe

Something is very wrong here

Jake was stupefied at the appearance of the red fog. He watched it approaching slowly across the lawn with mixed degrees of fascination and trepidation. When Johnny had told him about the red fog at Lindy's, he hadn't doubted the existence of fog. The fact that it was red he attributed to some extraneous factor, like the distant glow of city lights. He had imagined the fog glowing with a slight orange tint to it as Johnny had told him the story.
But now he saw clearly that this fog was deep dark red, almost the color of blood. It seemed alive! Even in the dark it seemed to shine with its own luminescence. Jake imagined that it would cast this glow even in total darkness. Its slow determined movement was eerie to watch. It did not sway with any breeze the way normal fog would. This fog appeared heavier and yet moved with the same fluidity. Watching it approach he felt a clammy grip on his chest, felt sweat drip down his back and sides.
Suddenly a large cloud of fog reached out like a tentacle and swirled around Jake, completely enveloping him. He peered into the fog, suddenly feeling lost. He heard a sound approaching him, a sound he did not like. It sounded aggressive, and dangerous.
Oh shit, he thought, Something is very wrong here...  
One of the officers was in his cruiser, on the radio. He too was watching the fog sweeping in with uneasiness. The dispatcher was saying "Unclear, say again..." as the fog reached his car. Suddenly, the car was completely engulfed, and the officer could no longer see around him. He repeated his message for ambulance service but now received only static in reply.
Mose watched in surprise as the fog swallowed Jake and suddenly swirled around the cruiser like a snake around a rodent. His cigar fell out of his mouth.
Johnny came running out of the building toward him. "Jake, get out of there!" he yelled, "Get out of there!"
Mose turned to Johnny and suddenly heard a scream from within the fog, where the car was. He felt a chill run through him, as if his blood had curdled like sour milk. He drew his gun and motioned to the other officers. "Get them out of there!" He ran toward the car, but Johnny grabbed his arm. "It's too late! You can't help them now!"
The other officers disappeared into the fog. Moments later gunfire was heard, followed by several screams. Johnny held Mose's arm firmly. "Don't go in there, Hartlick. They're all goners, every one of them." 
"My God!" Mose said, "That's it, isn't it? What you were telling me about? This is what killed those people?"
Johnny nodded, biting his lip in fear. "That's it. And it looks like we're next."
"Can't we get away from it?"
"No man, it's all around us! Check it out!"
Mose looked around and saw Johnny was right. They backed away toward the building.
Blacky, Twilight and Luis came out as they reached the steps. Luis glanced over to where Angie had fallen. His heart went out to her. This is my fault, he thought. 
The fog was advancing rapidly toward the building. In a couple of minutes it would reach the steps. "What can we do?" Mose said. 
"We have to make a circle!" Blacky said, "We need some rocks."
"The only rocks I saw are out there by one of the trees, in the middle of that fog," Johnny said. "Will the circle work without them?"
Blacky shrugged. "I don't know. We'll have to try. We don't have much choice."
"We don't have much time either," Mose said impatiently, "Whatever we're gonna do, let's do it now!"
Blacky looked around. "Wait! Where's my dad?"
#

58

Luis & Angie Reunited

I remember you

Angie was still alive, lying on her back, breathing with difficulty. She stared up at the sky as if oblivious to everything around her. Luis knelt down next to her. He put a hand gently on her head. "Annie..." he said, "I remember you..." 
She stared into his eyes, and there seemed again to be recognition there. "Can you speak? Are you in pain?" he asked. 
A look of peace came into her expression and she reached up with a hand to caress his cheek. He put his hand on hers and smiled down at her. She reached around his neck to pull him closer and he thought she wanted to tell him something. But as he bent closer her expression changed entirely. A cold, desperate look settled in her eyes. She pulled him closer with more strength and he suddenly realized he was in danger. He struggled to get away from her, but her grip was too strong for him. Her mouth opened up, ready to seal his own with a death kiss. 
Another face came into her view. It was Twilight. She reached out and stopped Angie's hand from pulling Luis in. "No," she said, kneeling down next to Angie. "Release him. His energy cannot stop the Arizos. But mine can."
Angie let go of Luis. He backed away, yet was still transfixed by Angie's presence. 
Angie's body went into spasms. Her eyes winced with the pain and Twilight moved in closer. "We must do this quickly," she said. "Have no fear." She leaned over and put her mouth on Angie's. 
Blacky watched from a few feet away. When he realized what was happening he shouted "Twilight! No! She'll kill you!" He ran over to pull her away, even as the red fog reached all of them.
As he ran toward Twilight and saw her engulfed by the fog, Blacky felt the sense of her presence in space and time. Yet when he reached the spot where he knew she must be she was not there. He ran onward and still could not find her. The building was also gone. He stopped, startled, and looked around him, but saw only red fog. He called out to the others and heard his voice swallowed up. He expected to see a figure charge at him at any moment. But there was only stillness... 
The others watched as the strange fog swirled around Blacky, Twilight, Luis and Angie, completely engulfing them. However, there was still an open circle around them. "What's happening?" Mose asked nervously.
Johnny shrugged. "I can't see them anymore."
Mose took a step toward the fog and felt a kind of barrier keeping him out. "This is strange," he said holding his hand out in front of him, "I can't seem to pass through it."
"Hey Blacky! " Johnny shouted, "You okay?"
There was no answer. 
Mose drew his gun. "Everybody stay close together," he said, "It's trying to separate us."
They drew in tighter, with their backs to each other, facing outward. The fog stopped just outside their circle and came no closer. "What the hell is going on?" Mose said.
"Blacky!" Johnny yelled again, "Can you hear me?"
Again there was no answer, and for an infinity of time, how long none of them could say, they stood there waiting for the inevitable attack which Johnny knew must surely come...
Gradually he became aware of a figure standing several yards away. Then he realized it was two or three figures, standing watching him. Then the fog thinned somewhat revealing dozens, hundreds, rows of figures fanning out all around, receding into the background, numbers impossible to count. Their eyes glowed in the fog. 
The fog thinned slightly, forming a circular opening around them. Luis was also there, with Johnny and Blacky, Mose Hartlick and Dick Bowler. Surrounding them were multitudes of Indians as far as the eye could see. They were quiet, yet watchful, as if waiting. 
"You see before you the ghost tribe, the Arizos," Twilight said sadly, A lost tribe, lost in history, lost in antiquity... 
Luis strained to see through the thickness. His arms were in front of him. He tried to make out the figures of Twilight and Angie, but at the moment now he seemed to be alone. He called out to the others but there was no reply. How very odd! He looked around him, walking a few steps in various directions, keeping alert. He had heard the screams emanating from the fog when Jake and the police officers had met their fates. He felt certain that at any moment some horrible creature would reach out and grab him. He felt himself shaking. He called out again, this time to Twilight. And this time there was an answer. He saw a shadow in the fog and walked toward it. It was Twilight. She stood watching him approach. When he reached her, she looked down at the ground. Luis followed her movement and looked down and in surprise saw the outline form of Angie's body.
It was composed of ash.
He knelt down at her side, tears falling down his cheeks. He reached out to touch her arm, but it collapsed. And then he saw it on the ground, mainly underneath her body.
The crystal dagger. 
Without thinking he scooped it up and placed it in his coat pocket. Then he stared at Angie for some time. 
Annie...AngieI'm sorry. I'm so sorry... he said softly.
He felt Twilights hand lightly touch his arm. He looked at her. Suddenly she looked odd, very distant. And becoming transparent. You must return the crystal dagger, Luis. To where you found it. You must. There can be no more delay now. You have three days. After seventy-two hours the Ghost Tribe cannot be held back... the Arizos will The red fog swirled thickly around her, cutting her off.
Luis looked at her incredulously. After seventy-two hoursThe Arizos will what? Twilight?
But Luis could no longer see or hear Twilight. The fog swirled less and gradually began to back off and rise into the dark sky.
#
59

Epilogue

I wish Grandfather was here

The fog disappeared as quickly as it had come. In the night air it lifted and dissipated, revealing the bodies of the officers. Mose walked among them, in shock.
Jake's body lay in the grass, closer to the building. Johnny knelt next to him, cradling his body in his arms, crying for his friend, cursing the world of the spirits which had caused this.
Blacky stood a few feet away, also mourning the loss of Jake. He watched Mose walk to the cruiser and put in an incongruent call for backup and aid. Blacky looked around again, hoping to see Twilight standing a short distance away, as she had been a few minutes ago. But she was not there. 
Twilight! he called out. Twilight! He ran the length of the building looking for her. Twilight! Where are you? In time everyone looked for her, but she was nowhere to be found.
Luis stood in the same spot where he had stared at Angies remains. His hand was in his pocket, grasping the smoothness of the crystal knife. He watched Blacky sadly. She's gone, Joseph, Luis said, and so is Angie. Both are gone, to whatever world the Arizos inhabit.
Blacky looked at Luis in disbelief. But why Twilight? Blacky cried, She didn't have anything to do with this.
Sam has taken her over, just as he has taken Angie.
Are they dead then? Blacky cried, tears falling down his cheeks.
Angie is certainly dead; she has probably been dead for years, and Sam has been the life force moving through her. As for Twilight...she may yet be alive...
Then I'm going after her! Blacky said, If she's alive I'm bringing her back!
Luis walked up to Blacky and gently put his arm around him. His own heart was heavy, and he knew his son must be feeling the same way. "I'm not certain," he said, "but I think she may have bargained her life for ours."
Blacky looked at him, tears on his cheeks. "I think Sam had taken over," Luis continued, "But not completely. In any case, we have her to thank for our lives. I...I certainly have her to thank for mine. She put her own life in jeopardy to save me from..." He glanced toward where Lucas' body lay on the ground. 
Blacky reached out and wrapped his arms around his father and broke down in tears. Luis returned his hug. "I'm sorry, Joseph," he said, "It's my fault all of this happened. I've been such a fool...for so many years..."
Blacky's spent his tears, and then wiped his face. "I wish Grandfather was here."
Luis managed a sad trace of a smile. "So do I."
"I have to go after her," Blacky said, "She's not here, she's not lying on the ground dead. So she must still be alive somewhere. I have to find her..."
Luis stared at the sky, where final traces of red fog were dissipating in the southern sky. "I think I know where she's gone, Joseph...maybe it's possible to bring her back."
Blacky looked at him questioningly. "How?"
After tonight, Luis said, After the things I have seen in the last twenty-four hours alone, I now realize that anything is possible. I'm not quite sure what has happened tonight..." He reached into his pocket and pulled out the crystal blade. "But I think this may have everything to do with it."
Blacky stared at the dagger and looked questioningly at his father. Luis said, "This isn't over, Blacky. This is the missing piece of this puzzle."
"What are you going to do with it?" Blacky asked.
Luis let out a deep sigh of resolve. "What I have to do. I'm going to do what I should have done long ago. I'm going to put this back where it belongs and try to bring closure to this mess Ive made."
Blacky looked hopeful. When?
Luis let out a large sigh. Twilight said we have three days. To me that means as soon as possible. I will prepare to leave tomorrow.
Blacky stared at Luis with resolve in his eyes and determination in his voice. I'm going with you.
#
60

Blacky Makes a Vow

In the morning Blacky awoke early. The Sun was just rising. He stood on Luis' front lawn and greeted the Sun with open arms. The rays caressed his face with the warmth of a womans hands, even though the air was cool.
He greeted the four directions and when he came to the west, he felt Twilight's presence off in the distance. It seemed to be calling to him. I'm coming for you, my love, he said aloud, softly, I'm coming to bring you back...or I'm coming to remain with you for all time. This I promise you.
##


(to be continued in Book III )



The End 

of Book II 
Thunderwalker: The Chrysalis


The End of Book II - Thunderwalker: The Chrysalis
Thank you for reading The Chrysalis! I hope you enjoyed it!

Book III - Thunderwalker: The Mitosis 
The exciting conclusion to the Thunderwalker series to be published soon!

Also by Michael Schwaba on Smashwords.com :
The Unsettled
Thunderwalker, Book 1 - The Place Between Worlds


Michael Schwaba Bio here







