All In Mid-August
By
Nunzia Castaldo
SMASHWORDS EDITION
***
PUBLISHED BY
Nunzia Castaldo on Smashwords
***
Other eBooks by Nunzia Castaldo published on Smashwords:
Finding the Way Out
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/420701
E-book trailer on YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_9Q5Tpo_FY&feature=youtu.be
Regarding Cat Aphrodite by Dog Briar
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/424617
Downloading of this eBook is free.
You And I Poetry
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/426285
Dog Briar
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/429561
About me:
My blog: WriterNancy
http://scriverebynancy.blogspot.it/
E-book trailer On YouTube:
Scrittrice Nancy
http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqo6OWEl0oulV8yjuSkY3VA
***
All In Mid-August
Copyright  2014 by Nunzia Castaldo
Cover design by Loris Periani
Thank you for downloading this eBook. It remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author. No alteration of content is allowed.
Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated. This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental.  The characters are productions of the authors imagination and used fictitiously.
Thank you for reading.
If you enjoyed this book, then encourage your friends to download their own copy.
Two women, two different stories, All In Mid-August between Bologna and Green Island
***
Law firm Stanzani
Aug. 9, 13:00
A few hours before departure, she was still working, sitting at your desk, in the law firm of which she was proprietor. Trizia checked the time: it was late and did not want to miss the plane. She had booked an apartment at Thermar and already saw the elegant costumes from the line modeled rejuvenating soak in the thermal waters. She had a desperate need to devote time to rest. She had chosen the spa vacation.
She swung her head to get rid of tiredness; saved the work and turned off the computer. Meanwhile, she blamed. Exaggerated, she was always engaged in the work, but she harbored the ambition. She was a perfectionist and never surrendered. Moreover, she had inherited from his father George. With persistence, she had become a civil lawyer estimated, and had a great clientele.
Law firm Stanzani enjoyed today of equal reputation in Bologna. From the time of George, the founder, nothing had changed. She saw him at work, sitting right behind that desk. Unfortunately he died suddenly when she was just enabled the profession. She brought it to his lips the cup of cold coffee. Close the studio made her anxious, always. Now, enough though. She tidies and away on vacation.
She moved from the desktop to the files and antique furniture that his father had bought in the fifties. The co-workers told her that it was time to change the furniture, which not represented at all, but she thought that they spoke only envy. Trizia put practices in the archive. In the background came the vibration of the vortex of cold air forced. The new air conditioner was very useful. She checked the time. An hour later she had to be at the reception desk to the airport. He hastened to place the fountain in a travel bag, linen colorless birthday of her friend Carla. Friend and companion of tourist travel. Not in that circumstance to family commitments, but insisted there was at least the bag. Here she is satisfied. Already full of the necessary watched measured, and rested on the desk, grabbing the long handles fixed to wooden oval buttons, when he heard a knock on the office door.
It was Simon, the secretary, announcing the arrival of Mr. Stephen Trombley. The lawyer picked up the cards and slipped gently into the computer case. She had forgotten the customer. Trombley, phoned, two days after the end of the study, for to have a consultation. He wanted to know what to do against the request for payment of estate tax. She replied that it was a necessary action. From what he had mentioned, it seemed possible, but it would not have been able to say with certainty. She needed to find out. She would have occurred on his return, after mid-August. The man, however, had insisted on getting an invitation. He explained that he had spoken to her on the recommendation of a client of the firm, and who did not want to wait, to keep in your head that doubt much longer. She was about to leave, he could ignore the request, dismiss it and putting it off, but she did not. She belonged, a strong sense of duty, and for that good customer of long standing, well-off and well-known in the city. She had therefore agreed to make an appointment at noon. She looked at the clock: it was nearly thirteen had little time and the trader had arrived an hour late; snorted impatient.
"Trombley," she said with a slight smile on his lips and the somewhat harsh tone in his voice. Stephen noticed. He was late, he knew, but it was from San Lazzaro, with public transportation. Then he had run down the street from the bus stop to the palace, and went up by the stairs two at a time, still panting. He pulled from his pants pocket handkerchief and wiped his forehead. "Excuse me lawyer, I could not close before the delicatessen; stayed home this year people; there is crisis."
He snorted softly. Trizia leaned back in his chair and looked at him sternly professional. "You know that if delayed more than we talked about after the holidays?" Punctuality for her was synonymous with correctness. She did not keep to himself what he thought. "He brought the dossier?" He touched the bag to pull out the stylus just placed. She was nervous.
To touch the old fountain pen fine white gold, with three small gemstones diamond clip on the cap, he reminded his father. George was the gift for graduation honors. She had separated from the more precious pen. It was a source of inspiration, whisper of approval and lobbying. She recovered his usual calm. "Here it is, as I had requested." To Stephen bothered her tone, but he showed he needed counseling. "Sit down," he said Trizia and pointed to the chair. She hastened to consult the documents. She was undecided. Focus and meticulously check the cards, as she was accustomed to do more, or browse them fast and rely on his professionalism? She strove for a synthesis.
The air conditioner could feel the rise in temperature brought by the customer hot, spinning and stronger. The noise and the rustling of the documents turned over quickly were the only sounds heard by Trombley. Meanwhile, his gaze slid around the furniture in walnut, decorated with inlays and finished briar, crammed with tomes to the library, to the index topped gatherers left in a disorderly order, under the window that overlooked the boulevards. He paused for a moment to look beyond the windows closed, the green canopy of Ipocastani. Indoor air he felt the unmistakable essence of furniture wax mixed with the smells of stationery.
Stefano appreciated the tasteful and luxurious furnishings. He was snooping on the walls, between the miniatures of medieval Bologna and among the gilt frames of academic titles on display. Suddenly, however, as he was certain to be incurred in a bureaucratic error, shifted thinking about the plot, certainly salt, to pay. He did not want give not even a penny for that matter. He was right. She was a victim. His chair creaked under him at the click involuntary nervous.
Meanwhile, the lawyer posed the dossier on the desk by big plan trimmed green briar. Quickly she informed him that it was necessary to start the application within the time specified for payment. The resort was absolutely forwarded. The detailed investigation on the possibility of winning it, made her way back. His eyes shone with bluish unbeatable force. For her pursue justice was like a mission and return peace to its customers satisfaction.
Now she explained to him that the warrant was completed and signed. They compiled. "So listen carefully, before signing up, I can see it." The voice rose and fell, jumped phrases obvious. Now she wanted to leave. The shopkeeper followed mute, sitting embedded in the shoulders and tortured hands ripping the film from the nails. This time his gaze was fixed on the doctor, his straight hair. She wore long just to cover her neck. The copper shades on the red Titian, donated the character, he thought. Then he got thin eyebrows, lips swollen, his cheeks bulging.
The doctor was sensual; she was surprised, she embodied the party, could not be. The lawyer for a moment she lifted his head, pulled by a tuft glasses fell from the fringe, then moved and crossed his legs; impatient she moved to a rhythm of reading. With an eye to the mandate, she wrote the date and pointed to the black pen in the pen holder conical leather. "Here, sign here." Trombley bent over the sheet and affixed a signature flickering. He was very upset. She did not fail to notice the anxious expression on his face. Stephen spoke jerkily, trying words for the occasion, but more was what he wanted to scream for real. That store was the bane of his life. Had caused him a lot of trouble, had cost him a lot of money and did not stop to bring him bad luck. It was something about his father. Unpleasant memories resurface.
The thought of Trizia instead it was over, the things to be taken, and those to leave. Handed practice to Simon, the secretary and told him to check if the taxi had arrived. On the way back, they would have completed the act. Now, only she thought to go on vacation. Hastened to leave the office and cut short with the customer. She does not go along with. She had ranked as the guy who does not take off more than around. She did not want to be late at the boarding gate.
Stephen, however, was anxious for the bureaucratic process to deal with, he continued: "Doctor, I had some things to ask, I can feel comfortable?" Trizia meanwhile, with the shoulder bag, quickly grabbed the briefcase computer bag with the other hand and drew a red suitcase rigid wheelchair for the polished corridor.
He conveyed anxiety, reassured him, even if you do not feel the duty. "Trombley, do not worry!" Do not underestimate the demands of its customers, ever. She looked at the thin dossier in the hands of the secretary, at the door. "Let's do this: I will prepare the practice on vacation; in this way we anticipate the timing of the appeal." "Thank you, doctor, thank you." The butcher mentioned Trizia a smile and was glad. The young secretary interjected nervous, it was late for a lunch break, and he was hungry. The lawyer knew that this week, in his absence, he would take Simon calmly, but it was precisely on the job, he did not want to overdo it in the requests. She had chosen male secretary. She had no time to lose.
"Here, Dr. the taxi is waiting for her in the street, go and have a good trip!" With a smile on his lips, he ran them out fast. Simone was back at his desk, mood relieved. Finally, the doctor would not have squeezed like a lemon. She did not give him a minute of freedom! He turned off the computer and picked up the receiver. He was looking forward to the days of work without the head and the beginning of the holidays. He called his girlfriend. Meanwhile, the lawyer and his client were the flight of stairs. "Let me help." Stephen felt relieved. The practice was in good hands. He leaned forward to take her suitcase. "Blessed is she who goes on vacation, I need a vacation too; I have not been in good health, I had to make, not the story experience, now that I finally started to feel better, I get this communication; moreover want the millions by the undersigned; are dealer for over twenty years and I have not stolen a penny of taxes."
Under the complaint, unresolved situations of his adolescence, seething. He knew them. Many times he had tried to forget them, without ever succeeding. "On Trombley, has the air of a beaten dog, it is not an unsolvable problem." They got the nice gray marble staircase, holding the handrails of wrought iron and stood in the courtyard of the palace. "Now excuse me, it's getting late; I salute you." Trizia dragged the suitcase in the direction of the driver. Then, she went up the middle that slowly started down the boulevards. She looked, as usual, at the entrance to the city park of Gardens Margherita. She saw himself as a Sunday morning, with Niki, her white poodle in the basket on the handlebars, the bike went back alley, breathing the fresh air of the morning drenched in oil and pungent aromas of plantains and Ipocastani.
One Sunday morning, in the ancient and popular public park, she met Duilio. It was precisely the playful poodle them together. He was stubborn to bark, to get up on legs, to insist be picked up from him. Duilio was not insensible nor Niki, or his mistress. Fell in love. She was happy at that time. Many years had passed, because remember right now? She could not explain it. The sultry heat invaded the cockpit, while the taxi walked, slow, sunny avenues. Meanwhile, more and more nervous, she checked the time from the jewel that led connected to the place. With his right hand to support the cuff, thought too much money spent on the clock, it was a shameless luxury. Also she stimulated competition in the male colleagues. They knew appreciate their value. It was estimated. She thought that she would wear it dressed finesse.
She jumped on the seat. She had done well to take it with? Mind away from the apprehension that she was coming, suffer a robbery in places of tourism was on the agenda, but she calmed down immediately. She thought that if necessary he would use the safety deposit box. With his handkerchief wiped the glass sapphire and diamond ring. She had seized the occasion of the birthday of one of his recent reward themselves for professional success. With smug self- exaltation complimented for choosing a successful gift that was made. It was very late. Trizia invited the taxi driver to use the air conditioner and hurry that the plane was departing.
Meanwhile Trombley had stopped at the archway of the building, facing the garden and the fountain gushing in the middle of the circular tank. The artificial oasis refreshed the heat of the road. He sat down on the stone bench, on the side. Folded, with his elbows on his thighs and fingers lanky placed in support of the chin, forehead wiped the crumpled handkerchief. He talked to himself. "Damn my father who has never had concern for me, damn me too; the past always comes back to torture me." He was shaking his head.
He looked at the sculptures that surrounded the pool. There were a lion cut down on the buffalo, a tiger in a fight with the snake, and two groups of sirens between the seaweed and rocks. He saw that they were like sculptures by Diego Sarti, those in Montagnola Park. He was an expert of his beloved Bologna. He thought it was a curious choice for a private building, achieving reproductions. They figured him tribute of affection to the city. Strange coincidence played almost a metaphor for his life. It felt just like the buffalo won, not the lion, but by the power of duty and always fighting like a tiger but against snakes nested in his mind. Sirens, then, he had never encountered.
***
Emiliana
Aug.9, 13:00
"Now go alone, I cannot take you more" as his mother pointed, with thin pale hand, the entrance, and she walked in the garden, inside the intricate maze of tall hedges of yew. She gasped and opened his eyes. She came back to reality in the blinding light. The beating heart was pounding in his temples. She felt faint. Her mother spoke only in exceptional cases. Lying on the couch blue sea, Emiliana was dozing in the sun on the terrace roof of his penthouse apartment situated on the outskirts of Bologna, San Ruffillo. By all accounts, she lived in one of the best in the city, lapped by the hills and good-looking. Autumn, elsewhere, to the plains, the morning mist did not see two feet away, but in San Ruffillo, the sun was shining. She had been so in previous years. Emiliana knew: there was born and lived. Then the district was changed in population, construction, services. Even the name was changed. Now called Savena like this at the mouth of the river valley. Right there stood the neighborhood, where the Savena began his course of plain.
Unfortunately, even land pollution conquered. Emiliana was convinced that the air and the sun were no longer as good as before. She had enjoyed every summer for a bit of vacation there. Not anymore. The sultry heat grew. She covered her face with her parasol and pulled his dark glasses on his nose, now could not stand the torment long: the sun pierced the red blisters bloomed and indelible. In truth, the newspapers had talked about the possible increase in tumors in the near future. Before his eyes he saw his mother Mary, in suffering, in pain from prolonged serious illness that had struck her. She took a quick hand on his forehead to dispel the tension. She felt he was hot already. Day overwhelming thought. It was the anniversary of the death of his grandmother and his mother had just reviewed. It was no accident. They united in life and in death. The memory made her bleed renovated inside. Now I do not want to cry. She would not be very bad. She stood up. She was emotional and impulsive character. The circumstances had damaged inside. He had far exceeded any margin of tolerance. The air -soaked powder had the reverberation of the hottest hours.
The skin was hot. She returned. Yet another flight of vacationers passed over his pale sky, but she did not see him. Another lonely day progressed. Emiliana had taken fire from the Neapolitan coffee pot boiling and left her to filter out, upside down. Now the refreshing drink was ready. She poured herself a cup. She was standing in front of the window, wrapped in the veil of the best shorts and glanced at the closed branch of orchid in clear plastic sheet. He had left on the table by the purchase of the morning. He looked at the time, went up to the cemetery in the afternoon. Grandmother Emilia would rather have roses or gladioli. Only shop had opened branch. It was impossible to find a better deal in August. Now she resigned to the idea that really, if Emilia saw from the other side, there remained satisfied with that gift. Almost felt: "You've got this chutzpah! (You had the courage) I lived ninety years in my beautiful Naples lastly to die here, in this far-off land, here, without the warmth of my own, without the smell of my sea, and you present co'st limp twig! (With this withered branch). Have not brought me a bouquet of fragrant flowers? What a misery! If this is the gift for the first anniversary, ten years from now you'll be forgotten about me! I that I wanted so, so good ..." Grandmother would not accept excuses, even in the face of evidence that twig, so that ' limp ' was not. Emiliana sat in an armchair. She looked up at the sky clipping, over the glass. By now, it should be so, for this time. He thought. He lifted the cup as a sign offering. In small sips, it tasted coffee.
***
Trizia at the Airport
Aug. 9, 15:00
Trizia arrived at the airport. The small plane was standing in the yard of the boarding gate. Heat and humidity veiled everything in yellow graying. The sun, the sky behind a vapor without wind, struck the ground; beyond the curtain of sultriness, the runway was piping hot and repellent as the stagnation of water in a channel. At the boarding ramp, the representative of the agency, flushed, ticked the tourists who came on board.
Trizia was sweating as he waited among the many passengers. They were seventy grouped and massed on the steps. They pushed, they waved with any object they had in hand. People loading, overhung by bulging suitcases and duffel bags, worked quietly at the back door, and appeared indifferent to the chaos around them, climate sticky and suffocating odor.
Trizia defended by a woman in tight skirt and suit jacket that did not respect the line. "No, I have before, please!" Then she went into the middle lane to the elbows wide and well planted on the legs that appeared gown in flax rust-colored. With rhythmic steps, into the mules' nylon raw and crocodile print leather, the muffled sound of Italian leather soles pounding the carpeted, surrounded by the smell of advanced textile products. She sat in the seventh row, next to the window under the right wing. She exhaled deeply. Finally she was at the start. She licked his lips dried, and voltage. She moved his smooth hair with a flick passing his fingers through his hair marched fringe on the forehead. She was determined to enjoy the holiday away.
The practice of Trombley not hampered. She did not like entirely detached from work, even on vacation. With the cluttered mind of acts, she clutches her briefcase computer. She was not sure of abandoning it in the compartment at the top, so put it down on her thighs and looked out. Some passengers were climbing aboard elbowing. She said: rampant disrespect and bad manners. Now, however, was interested in the young man who was standing next to his seat.
He was wearing green and white tennis shoes, jeans and a green polo. Take a look and had already cataloged: the polo shirt was an imitation, the skin shown by the short sleeves, had a nice tan, definitely natural. The man was holding a bag on his shoulder and defiant expression on his face. He pulled out his ticket booking.
She checked. He said, " This place is my" shaking his head back and pushing the long hair from his forehead beaded with sweat. After picked up the cabinet, the bulky hand luggage stuffed it inside and hit the door. When he dropped it on the seat, bouncing her back, she lost patience at all.
"Listen, I do not fall on your head huh?" He drew the inside of the wrist to the nostrils and sniffed at what was left of perfume essence of cyclamen. "Oh, indeed, ma'am is light." The man was not impressed by his aggressive tone, often, women do so with him. "Look at that guy had to happen to me," mused Trizia. The beginning of the journey did not adhere to the setting relaxing holiday by the promise. Now she wanted to use the space they deserved. "I hope that there is still room." The young man used to be under the impatience of the other. Although he was active, he was a gym instructor, but he knew as well take life easy. "Madam, do not worry, with a nudge the place is." He chanted the words and gestures noted in open palms. "Oh, the little pushes." Trizia spoke softly, but he did not hide the disorder suffered. The attorney settled the case in the glove box at the top, then, as she sat, his eyes fell on the black hair of the young man. Envied for his thick glossy hair, her hair was thin and fragile.
He looked out the porthole to the wing of the plane. It was his reference point, put them tranquility and balance. He remembered chew gum. Left eardrum ached, in flight. She had suffered from ear infections as a child, she had left a scar. She chewed with his mouth shut and looked around. She turned his head back. "The plane is small, it will be safe?" A man in the front seat picked up the comment. "And so he never traveled aboard a small plane?" He spoke sarcastically.
"Not really." Trizia said. Small appliances did not like too much, at the mercy of the currents. However, even the power of the winds, passed over the most powerful of the engines. The reflection is not assured. By plane was always nervous, but controlled. She is entrusted with admiration wonderful invention that the carrying everywhere. Flying fascinated and excited her.
"Now that I think about it I do not feel very quiet, are not certain to go." The traveler was curious. Many travel facts had never heard anyone, already climbed on board, questioning the decision to leave. "Well, he's right." "What does it say?" She spoke in a shrill voice. "Yes, I think we should worry a little." Passengers raised the tone. "Excuse me, how do you say it?" She was alarmed.
"I travel a lot." The visitor rose from his seat to see three-quarters. She felt the terror that had aroused in her, and a little ' we enjoyed. "Allow we have not presented: Marco Mattioli, financial ombudsman." He turned with a smile of perfect teeth but partly rebuilt and stretched out his hand over the headrest. She gave a quick weak grip which reserved to those who did not know. "Stanzani, I am." She is waiting, for an excuse. "So, let me get this courage". Marco trusts perceptions, which are received by a handshake." Quite cold in the tourist," he thought, but he continued with his usual tone gently persuasive salesman. " I travel a lot , not just for work ; I lost a lot of time due to mechanical problems of these aircraft , the last that happened to me , I was in the airport for hours and no one has explained why ; and landing : a moment in the air and the one after it touches the runway , it makes a noise and vibrates so much that seems to fall apart . "
"What he says bother me, but it continues to use them?" Question Trizia. "Well, actually, I would say that I did not choose this flight" was forced to interrupt the conversation. The back door swung open, hissing. Air full of smoke and noises surrounded them. An ambulance came to speed the loading ramp. Writhed on the seats to be able to see what was happening behind them. A woman sitting in a wheelchair, crutches in hand and shoulder bag, was brought on board. Then the door closed.
Marco out of habit not leaves things half. "I'm going on vacation at the last minute, with a discount of waiting lists." He had to show his ability to take advantage of the best deals, but the roar of the engines, brought to full power, drowned out all conversation.
The word ' fasten seatbelt ' led passengers to await takeoff. Trizia pulled up and tied the belt been crushed beneath her. She chewed the gum nervously. She did not want to feel the eardrum drilled by a pain like tooth decay. She was excited and a shiver of fear ran along the back. With hands clenched the arms of his chair, feeling the vibrations transmitted to the seats of the cockpit shaking. Her hands trembled more. Then there was silence. The engines went out, the passengers fell silent and judgments are suspended.
The hostess who instructed them to the emergency, he remained with his index finger pointed towards the emergency exit. They all had the same question. She always followed every movement as if he was piloting this arrest and sudden do not put some in a good mood. The take-off was one of the most dangerous phases. His knowledge is added up to the words just heard and stirred tremendously.
She jumped when the amplified voice of the commander came out from the speakers: "We apologize to the mishap, but for your added security, given the pressure of adverse weather, the aircraft fully loaded, air traffic intense, we are preparing to partially drain the tanks; the departure is delayed for a few minutes; passengers stay put in their seats." She stiffened in his chair. She lever on rationality and focused on the words of the commander. If you had to travel by plane, it was summer. She felt calmer, less risk of turbulence, stable weather, visibility. Of course his insecurity kept her hidden from friends and acquaintances. She must always appear in control of herself. "The weather was changing for real?" Words escaped her mouth.
He also thought to Carla and all the times that filled her head with ecological considerations. She claimed that deforestation, industrial development, the building expansion; intensification of traffic transport had raised the dust in the air, that environmental pollution had reached alarm levels, which would soon become a deadly cocktail. She was catastrophic. Trizia recognized that the air was becoming unbearable and the heat stagnated for weeks from the hills to the plains. The commander began to explain. "You will have a technical stop at the Rome airport to stock up again." She felt reassured and calmed down. She remembered to have a traveling companion to his left. He was aware of his state of anxiety? She looked at him. With earplugs, he had stopped listening to music and moving her fingers to the beat on the metal cover of the ashtray. The croissant golden pendant bracelet jingled to the beat of the pulse.
She picked up the pamphlet from his pocket and pretended to consult the backrest. Meanwhile, she reflected. It was not serious when he lost control of the situation for a while '. She did not care what she might think that her young traveling companion. Do not let it go easily on ratings precipitous, but the way she irritated. "Lacks style," You said. She hated the rudeness and insensitivity. She liked men of style. Duilio was a man of refined manners and elegant. The Financial Ombudsman reminded him: so polite and good speaker. Seemed boring but, perhaps, more than Duilio, which had wanted a divorce. And then, as he threw his evil influence on flights? No, I was exaggerating. Did not believe in bad luck, just the one that is procured each, with their own hands. Thought to himself, and while the other passengers were complaining. The maneuver would have resulted in a delay to the holiday.
Just then a shrill woman's voice hit her. "I cannot just stay here the whole holiday, that exaggeration, postpone the departure for the heat; we leave?" She believed tolerant, but could not stand the blatant stupidity. She sharpened the eyes, and the phrase book. Then he burst out like an indictment. "Shut up, he wants her to go to the other world her leave?" For a moment there was silence, all they had heard and seemed to reflect.
It was not the first time that she was among impatient people, the airport had already happened in Jakarta, Indonesia. It struck a violent storm. The shipment was delayed for several hours. The lightning tore the sky, the track was flooded, and the rain and the wind shook the windows of the waiting room. The mood attacked the passengers. They insisted in a compact row and pushed for boarding and leaving. You would have also expected the next sunrise while flying form. She did not. The plane lifted from the runway between streams of water and pointed in the direction of the arrows.
She appreciated life and its inestimable value. Time and money were no compelling reasons to risk losing it. She would never agree to go in such conditions. Finally, the plane began taxiing. It was surrounded by the deafening noise of the engines and the air jet on the head. The young man turned off the recorder, with a flick off the headphones from your ears. He slid his gaze absently on her and then over the door.
Trizia flattened on the back covering with hand the slice of the chest outside the neckline. She looked out. Meanwhile, the aircraft moved as dropped from a giant slingshot invisible. He feared only an instant. The aircraft also lightened struggled to rise. The plane reached the quota, and then began a sharp right turn; she looked under the ring road adjacent to the motorway stretch along the plain.
It was jammed packed car in the infernal traffic jam. "Do not be in any case there is a privilege," She considered satisfied. His movements were always comfortable. The tension broke and she let herself be carried away by memories milder. She remembered the first flight. This time the plane lifted light as a dragonfly and flew over the plain. Below he saw the expanse of fields geometrically worked long and irrigation canals. The urban centers were reduced and dispersed on the Via Emilia and industrial areas were well focused. Everything seemed harmless and even the agreeable ornament to his enthusiasm for the girl already soaring roar of the engines and the acceleration on the track.
Over time, she had lost enthusiasm. Tourism involving sincerely do not like in the past, and the summer was not clear and livable as it was then. Maybe Carla was right. Now it seemed that the relentless changes had taken place not only in his life and in society, but in the entire cosmos.
Carla, never missed an opportunity to say that the development of production, as a tool for the man, he had become her gag. She was convinced that the human race was in danger of self-destruction. She began to fidget exposing anthropological concepts. The knowledge of other cultures should foster a better, more just, instead had been used to increase the exploitation of people and resources. There was no attention to the weak and the cultures were depleted of their peculiarities. In short, the disquisitions of Carla were played indoctrination, but he avoided to get in on the discussion and often let her vent feigning attention, but his stinging words were in the ears the same.
In any case, there was no room in his life for the dream or gratuity. Did not even have time to stop and reflect. None of the rest of society could choose to stop or retreat of. She breathed with closed lips. Oriented face to the air nozzle. The friend was exaggerating. She was not to give much listening. She grew impatient. The bad habit of not always reflect never abandoned her, even during his well-deserved vacation.
She breathed deeper. She filled his lungs with oxygen, and the mind of hope for the future. Now the plane veered to the side of the airport, to the left, towards the south. On the horizon a trail yellowish accompanied him. In the cockpit, the cold air rarefied goes on his shoulders. She raised the collar of his dress. The voice of the commander turned away from his thoughts. "The technical stop will take us to the Rome airport after a delay of about twenty minutes, it is expected to arrive in about three hours, I remind you to remain seated and keep fasten your seat belts, bon voyage."
***
Emiliana
August 9, Tuesday, 15:00
At sixteen opened the gates. Emiliana was ready an hour earlier. It is always prepared in advance if exaggerated the situation to deal with worried. She wanted to avoid as much as possible the condolences, but his intention is not realized. She knew that today would suffer. In the meantime she tried to distract herself by playing the classical guitar tuning pegs from mother of pearl . Grant, itching, misrepresent, the very relaxed. She opened the score and followed the score. The fingers were running alone. The mind, too, ran for similarity. She had failed the entrance exam to the conservatory. Now, after the thirty, she understood how many hopes of youth had gone out already. The professor did not keep looking at considering its quality. Syncopated treble at the twelfth fret vibrated from the soundboard. She wondered whether the presentation of a teacher trainer had favored. Not had it. She could not afford it. It was destiny for her to face life without external aid. She dumped the strength of cross-rhythms. She still had fluency in the fingers minute. She had learned to do it alone. She preferred to show safety, always, and decide for herself. She was reserved and respectful. His demands were mostly disregarded or evaded. All was clear, now, that had not existed for many teachers that had occurred in the classroom. Meanwhile, the romantic melody of the Barcarolle broke the silence of the attic. His achievements were the result of tenacity, the will to do well, the affection of her grandmother Emilia and the good of mother Mary. Only his family had never failed to lend support. Now, however, his loved ones were gone, she was left alone to deal with existence. She had built a life from nothing more than the desire to be that you had. Had presumption, yes, but in the rightness of his ideas, and conviction, but in the moral principles that sought to put into practice. She produced the right notes harping with dexterity. She was uncompromising, even if his future was at stake. This was his fault, not made friends so easily, he knew. She was always alone. Now she passing to beat the bass strings. Reached the final of the first part. Memories and considerations were flying on the wings of music soloist. His character was like a cocktail ill-tempered. She had taken his grandmother stubbornness and arrogance, the mother altruism and generosity. Different lifestyles are difficult to bring together within him. Emilia had a good education. She had lived among the important inventions of the electric light, the radio, the automobile. Born at the beginning of the twentieth century had breathed the joy of social expectations. Grandmother was born and remained for ninety years on the hill of Posillipo. She loved her city, Naples. It was the place "Ro munno beautiful jug" (the most beautiful in the world) said. Then she could no longer live there, alone. Emiliana ended the song. A thick silence filled the attic. Emilia does not forgive that he had never left his home. Mary really looked after with utmost dedication, but it was not enough to console her. Then he began his end. Emiliana started playing. She executed, in mind, a "whim". They finished the forces of Mary. The cancer began to devour her and forced her to leave her mother in a nursing home. The cost him more pain than he already suffered. Did not give peace. Emiliana plucked the strings. Emilia died just three months later, Mama Mary, three after her. Complex rhythms and vibrated penetrating the glass. She was alone, stunned by the hurricane that had fallen on her small family on her. She was not ready to see her disappear around the world. Its roots had been severed forever. Now, with the last chord in the fingers, struck a blow on the chest resonance with the knuckles of his right hand and let the sound fall. She stood, motionless. Tears slid from her cheeks to the tip of the nose to the chest on the ropes. They fell on the instrument. He was crying for his loved ones. She grieved for herself that she was the only one to remember. Their affliction, she had lived all over, until the last drop of pain. His sentence was still vibrant, inexhaustible. She wiped his eyes with the back of the hand and then crawled onto the ropes without articulate it. She knew it was from morning that had fought against the thoughts of pain and death. The time now is difficult to stop the flow. She put his left foot on the stool better. Pose of the new hammer toes. Sounds improvised flamenco and images chased each other in his head. She saw the grandmother. She gripped her elbow, bend over, the stronger the checkout. She heard the shrill scream of time, infinity. She saw her curled up in bed, legs and arms contracted, lying on his side, his eyes wide and staring, her chin trembling, did not recognize. She varied the melody. She improvised a mishap. She called. The legs were trembling nerve. The heart was beating too fast. "Grandma I am, are Emiliana "She jumped in and stopped screaming." Emiliana, you're, well, I'm not afraid." After the delirium took it for many days, so many nights, even medicines could calm her down. She inserted an arpeggiated passage. Tears brimmed her eyes once again. Emiliana experienced his utter helplessness. Now, the memory made her accuse a rush of pressure. The head was taken to sway, the panting breath, chest compressing. The lack of air. The stability of the guitar away from his chest and right forearm, was not. Now the image that is in front of his grandmother in the hospital. She did not speak. She did not recognize anyone. Yet Emiliana did not want to lose confidence. She moved rapidly along the left hand on the handle of ebony plucked notes. Wait for an answer from the doctor of the department. "The grandmother is healthy as a horse, only that his brain has come to an end." Just as he said: "His brain has come to an end." The left foot slipped from the small stool. Emiliana had been brought up to have respect for the elderly.
In the words of Dr. routine she had caught, and quickly enough. Emilia was transferred to the nursing home. The right hand lost its firmness over the strings, error. Did not play the desired note. Shooting with a slow, adjust. The accommodation for the elderly had few attendants busy, grumpy, restless. The reception room furnished with tables unadorned, was crowded with patients. In a wheelchair , approached at a table with his head bent , swayed to one side. Dormant. The melody began to vibrate acute in the attic hot, sunny position. Emilia, however, recognized her and spoke to her for the last time. The chin quivering, his eyes dull: "Did you see how I reduced?" Pause fourth moment of silence. Emiliana had never cried in the presence of strangers. She did that day. For shame hid her face in her purse. She tried his handkerchief .
The attendant looked at her. How to explain who was Emilia and how important she was to his old love? Impossible. She moved his wheelchair down the hall, she wanted to bring her home with him. Then the visiting time was over, he had to leave. Grandma died in silence, not long after. Improvised high-pitched sounds heartbreaking. Broke the harmonious flow of simple melody. Fought for the last time the case. She followed the funereal silence. It was time to go up to cemetery. She put the guitar in the sheath.
***
Trizia traveling
Aug. 9, late afternoon
Supplied fuel, flew to Naples. Trizia watched the bright red, between the deep blue. The sun was setting when she pulled the curtain trying to relax with their eyes closed. Sounds of passengers restless and squeaks and rattles of the nacelle wrapped. They came muffled by the pressure on the eardrums and the icy blasts of pressurized air to the ears and forehead. Mark, on the other hand do not let go of the rest, he preferred to recover the conversation. That tourist fueled his curiosity.
They flew in the Apennines at an altitude of seven thousand feet, when he turned back again with the right question. He coughed to attract his attention. "Excuse me; I did not understand his name." The lawyer pulled up. "Of course" She always knew what was said, to whom and when. "My name is not I told Trizia" "Trizia, what name is it?" "It was chosen by my parents," "I would not be inappropriate" She motioned to a smile. It was used for her, to having requests, for explanations. "My father wanted to call me Tiziana and my mother Patricia, neither wanted to give in" "Now I understand." He took a break. The index finger to his temple slowed the words. "She told me Stanzani, I ask because I knew of a certain George Stanzani, a lawyer estimated in Bologna" She took a benevolent smile, a twinkle in the eye. He discovered something that brought them closer. "George was my father; he founded the law firm in the early fifties; know him?" "Not personally, but still exercises the profession?" "It's dead, now I run the law firm" "I'm sorry, I mean, for his father."
 Marco was not used to talk without holding in your hands whatever he happened to shoot. Now, clasped round the golden box of mints grains of sugar. He felt embarrassed. It was not his intention to talk about the sad event of the death of a parent. Yet his father was dead, but never talked about it. Many years had passed and then we always quarreled. To change the subject, he handed her the box. Trizia took a tablet with two fingers slender and graceful, from long nails, fresh manicure. The smell of menthol spread in the thin air. They stood in silence. Marco was beginning to believe that Mrs. Trizia was not unpleasant as it had seemed at first. It was also a beautiful woman. It was too thin and wore a discreet front.
He had never liked women too skinny. Sometimes happened to him one of his arms, but it seemed to tighten a skeleton. He suggested that she had not more than forty-four, was the right age for him, in his early fifties. Then what did it matter the age? Is the spirit of care! He had in mind to sell. He had been a boy, inside, maybe even too long. He had decided to build a family. Maybe now he starts to think about it. Trizia was the right woman for him? He had not noticed, though, if she wore a wedding ring. He had missed the chance to check, as he took the tablet mint. It was the case of control. It was the right time. "She's already been to the island?" He looked at the hand that held the arm. "It ' the first time, do you?". Trizia moves his eyebrows and held her chin between his thumb and forefinger of the left hand showing the back. "Yes, two years ago, I went to the mud, I suffered from back pain, I felt better afterwards."
"I want to relax and visit the island "She had read pamphlets and articles." Well, if you like, I could go with". Marco was proposed and meanwhile saw clearly. She wore no faith, but exhibited a wrist watch in yellow gold and white from the black dial. It was a high-end model, loaded with diamonds, very expensive. A version exclusive limited series. He knew him well, advertised on a recent issue of the magazine. The watches were his passion, he had several at home, especially chronographs, but that model had not yet seen him around. Trizia had put more at ease in the chair. "Look Marco, he noticed the lady who came on in a wheelchair?" She invites by look to the comment. "He told me to close my chair that she is traveling to spa treatments." It was lightning intermediary information. He said: "A financial planner is unemployed misinformed."
The speaker crackled. The commander warned to prepare for landing coming. Out loomed, before the last turn to the right, the unmistakable profile of Vesuvius. It was an unforgettable scene of intense beauty. The passengers craning their necks to the left to enjoy the show. At that moment the sun turned red oblique profile of the volcano. She thought of the explosive power of the magma retained inside those looking undulations of generous breasts opulent. Vesuvius had already caused devastation and death and was active, yet. Trizia said:"Have you seen that wonderful show?" He said:"Did you know that you can reach the mouth of the crater; is very interesting hike up there among the ashes of solidified lava and igneous rocks. "The young man sitting next to her, suddenly intervened, he did it with vehemence."You have not a beauty so. "Trizia and Marco exchanged a look.
They were silent. Felt the same way. At the airport, the escort was waiting for the tourists. She was a slender girl with wide hips and a spontaneous smile. With the blue uniform and wearing a handkerchief edged with yellow knotted around his neck, stood out among the crowd. Waved the folder with the logo agency and occasionally directed him upon himself. She called them and marked present. They gathered and recommended that it went around that time was short and the hydrofoil was leaving without them.
Marco knew then that his Trizia was staying at the same hotel. A passenger was missing. She made him repeat his name several times speaker. "If you do not find the lady, the hydrofoil part, is down for the day, a real problem," the rep spoke quickly, in a nasal voice, modulated, on the motion of the waves of the sea that separates the island from land.
"What has happened?" He asked, rolling his head, one hand stretched behind to spend a bit ' of air between the cascades of brown curls. They spent ten minutes waiting. The tourists were stirring. "Who is it?" They wondered, many looked at his face for the first time since the beginning of the journey. "Does anyone know her?" And they tried around. "No." "Here I am!" Felt between voices of people, including creaking of carts and rumble of the engines. "Is that the lady on crutches!" The lady was advancing with difficulty meanwhile said, "Here I am, and I apologize for the delay everyone." The hostess raised her voice and gathered tourists. So close to one another, it was hot. He walked away from them keeping an eye on. "Then let's go out, there is the bus, we reach the pier and climb on hydrofoil."
The tone of the corrugated voice was as mild slap of waves on the choppy sea. Raised it high over his head as the folder patch and turned the wide hips. The group of tourists as a flock of sheep without a goat walked to the exit. The sliding glass doors were opened to the command of the photocells and slightly stale air -conditioned indoor shower heads gave way to warm, moist impregnated with salt and kerosene. Struck tourists from below, in the legs, and pushed them to get on the bus.
***
The arrival to the island
Aug. 9, late in the evening
The red brick lighthouse, located at the entrance of the ancient volcano and stretching out towards the open sea, gave the welcoming tourists at the port of Ischia by hydrofoil with the last arrival of the day. No one noticed him in the dark of night, nor noticed the bright signal of rotating his lantern. They docked. On board, people, luggage and bags were an inextricable tangle generated by the rush to land and come to the home or to the hotel booked. Trizia could not wait to get a hot shower, dinner and rest. As was tough, now began to feel very tired the day at work and on the go.
Marco on the other hand still had energy to spare and turned to an elderly tourist who clutched to his chest a black and tan puppy. Marco began to pet it on the head. "Beautiful," he whispered and then passing the palm of your hand on the muzzle. The woman and the dog looked at him with the same expression. It was a grin that most amazed alerted, but the minimum necessary to get him to aggressive away. Finally, the hydrofoil touched the pier and all came down to the modern footbridge. Trizia hurried, but he was just a few steps and just stuck with the heel in an iron grate.
Her danger of being she overwhelmed by the advancing mass. She felt helpless and tried to find a solution as quickly as possible. He took off his shoe and turned the heel in the rectangular mesh. She lifted. It was then that she realized that the dock was on the water, and below, between the grids, the sea lapped; now ran and dragged the luxurious suitcase on wheels hell out of interlocking iron scattered on the course. Then she made the way quickly through the crowd and joined the group that was standing on the sidewalk in front of the public gardens overlooking the sea. Trizia took a deep breath, inhaling the humid breeze coming up from the harbor in the warm summer evening. Meanwhile, the taxi scooters, still lined up, pull over to the curb; they were ready to load the group of tourists from transport to hotels across the island. The tourists were restless and eager to get on board. She defended his space between the neighbors crowded. The young companion felt the group, in the tone of voice higher than usual and a little ' hoarse. He had to shout at the airport, bus and port, and then the air conditioning had cooled despite wore knotted around his neck silk handkerchief.
"I recommend, only four per taxi, and" leaned forward and coughed, then cleared his throat," bestowed upon arrival tip the driver, for not offended." Trizia slipped in a quick and slammed his head against the jamb of the vehicle. Taxis, like a carnival parade, along the way busy and chaotic. She looked from the windows. Buses, cars and motorcycles came and went in so much noise and clutter to make them dizzy. Motorcycles from the infernal din sent stench of charred mixture. She hoped he had done well for mid-August. It was well known that where she was direct, places it reached on foot or by silent electric motorcycles. Meanwhile, away from the port, the traffic thinned out. The taxi went along the coast to the street devoid of public lighting. The lights of private homes and the street lamps lit in the streets of the villages attenuated the dark. She found himself in front of a nativity scene like out of season.
More she approached the goal, and more the air was fresh and full of scents of pine, eucalyptus, orange blossom and rosemary. She breathed in deeply and felt his heart rise. She realized that it was too far from nature. At last they came to the goal.
In the black sky, the myriad of bright stars and constellations welcomed him on the steps of the majolica of Vietri luxurious hotel with spa garden. She paused for a moment to look at the sea below. It was cleared by the first quarter of the moon and the wave shattered on the cliff was for her music of infinite joy. A welcome greeting well come. She assured her. She had chosen well. Trizia entered the lobby and walked with the others at the reception desk. The empty stomach was beginning to be felt, had not eaten for several hours.
The hostess was handing the keys of the rooms. This was followed by the list in alphabetical order. It would take the time to question it. The tourists were several and the girl took it calmly. There was still before settling down to wait. She deceived waiting, looking around. The lobby was decorated with refinement. The furniture stood out on the painted majolica floor. The imaginative shapes and decorations in ormolu, not thrilled, but approved the refinement of details. She passed away on display from the small sculptures of marble, set upon pedestals and furniture atrium. They were carved worship, works of a local artist who remained on display for the entire month.
It was then that the young sits next plane went on. She had a fit of nerves: "You cannot even find him here." Not considered a client of the hotel and curious gaze followed him. He crossed the hall, with the supple roundness of her derriere in prominence in jeans. Quickly he disappeared through the glass door that led to the spa park.
She was sure he was pleased with the effect of the sensual movement. Finally, the hostess called her behind her voice reduced to a thin shrill vocalization, the addressed over the garden to the door of the apartment. She would find a label that says: The Bougainvillea. She informed the pairings so everyone knew where they lived the rest. Trizia thought that it was not for nothing elegant violating the confidentiality of the clients.
She leaned forward on his toes to overcome the last of the tourists who had remained firmly anchored to the counter. She reached out, when Marco came to his side and reached for her key. He had the apartment Wisteria. Coincidentally, it was on the same side. They could start with, he suggested. She appreciated him even after a long journey, even when it was clear that he was tired he falls in style. Both eyes were lights marking step of the garden over the bay window arched wrought iron. Trizia accepted, exhausted as she was, she did not feel in opposition. The bellman loaded the suitcases on the cart. They walked in silence.
***
Trizia and Marco to the spa park
August 10, Wednesday morning
A series of dry rumble echoed on the hill, between the quarries of locks down to the sea, and the head of Trizia, who was sleeping in a deep sleep, lying in bed in his apartment in the countryside. He dreamed of being under a waterfall of hot water. The water ran down over her shoulders and rubbed gently. At echoed through the woods, the dream turned into projection of heavy boulders that fell off the mountain and burying it fell on him. Sat bolt upright in bed. Where was he? What time was it? The lush landscape of birds and of Mediterranean and exotic plants showed himself to his senses in the form of melodious sounds and scents. In his sleep she had lost track of comfortable apartment in the garden adjacent to the spa park. The island was celebrating St. Lawrence and the tradition was that at six in the morning he got shot the barrels opening ceremony. She learned shortly after by the waiter on duty who brought her breakfast in room.
He did appear on the table, with soft gestures magician, fruit juice, croissants, jam and butter cubes, and a steaming cup of coffee, and informed her that many other barrels, for the events of ancient folk rituals and religious, they would have woken up throughout the summer. He began to list them. "For heaven's sake," stopped him putting a hand to his forehead that she already felt dazed as if the barrels were exploding all in the ears at the time. However, the breakfast and especially the excellent flavor of the espresso had restored his good humor and this meant that she would not waste any time. She was impatient to start the holiday and to enjoy it. She put on his black-rimmed sunglasses tinged with silver around the green oval lenses and, map in hand; he ventured to explore the spa park. He walked the paths between pine and eucalyptus trees, bougainvillea, brooms, orchids and cyclamen, including agaves, aloes and prickly pears that had copious blooms. She moved between Mediterranean flavors, bright colors and gentle sounds of nature by only a few minutes, but at every step the growing admiration, energy and joie de vivre. She had already forgotten the dull light yellowish and the city like a bad nightmare of the past.
Among the paths of landscaped gardens in the sun, with a high forehead like a Renaissance Madonna, she smelled the air in emotion. She had donned the new suit on a blue background floral pattern and had covered with a maxi skirt veiled in ink. She had extreme attention to detail. She wore a silver bracelet on your wrist with two pendants, a nut and a heart, and at the foot a couple of rubber flip-flops, the same color as the skirt, adorned with stones and rhinestones. She walked with little ease. She was not used to wearing flip-flops, they were uncomfortable, and the shoulder bag, bulging to the terry cloth bathrobe and you need to pool; was hampered in his movements.
She passed by the infinite variety of pools. More than she had wanted: swim or relax caressed by whirlpool so many pools. She was in a hurry to take possession of a corner in the garden, sunbathing and diving. She passed the pool with water at thirty-seven degrees Aphrodite, Eros at forty, the Sirius at fifteen, the Olympic Triton with sea water to twenty-eight degrees, and then moved quickly in front of the spa with mud baths, massages and gym. She paused for a moment at the entrance area, nude and glanced, then headed to the locker room and the restaurant area read the daily menu posted at the entrance. In the end looked down at the seaside resort on the beach.
She smiled enthusiastically. She was like a little girl at the amusement park. Not the whole month would be enough to take advantage of all the services. It was time to begin. She looks forward to the envy that would come to Carla. She decided to stop at the Olympic swimming pool with sea water, just to get familiar with the environment. At loungers laid the maxi skirt bent. Then she lay down on the bed exposed in bright sunlight. She began to read the rules; she was pleased that it was required of etiquette by guests. She closed his eyes, she was on vacation, rules and regulations had enough. A warm sun is caressing her skin. She was relaxing. She was happy. 
Was ecstatic to just a few minutes, when suddenly someone get close. Even with her eyes closed, she was ready to not be breaking the spell. The presence was making shadow. She sat up and opened his eyes. Mark had arrived, he was in good spirits. He could tell by the look in his eyes and the smile on his lips. "Lady Trizia, good morning!" He accentuated vowels. "Here is our financial advisor." With gentle kindness not let him know if he was glad to see him or disturbed. "Did you sleep well?" "Yes, and you?" And lay down again. "Very well, very well," he put the towel folded over his arm that he kept on a sun bed free. "Do you mind if I'm here under the umbrella next to her?" "Please, go ahead "She closed his eyes behind his glasses with dark lenses." He saw that wonderful day; feels pleasant climate and say that at this hour of the morning we have already thirty- degree heat. "
He talked as if he were selling something of your own; nevertheless it was a sunny day. This time, however, was showing him. He noticed that in that swimsuit, a little chastened, there was a great body and did not want to have it run. "We can go around the whole island; there are many beautiful things to see." Trizia had not decided anything about it and did not want to commit in advance. "I think that the agency will arrange, anyway thank you for your concern." She was turned over on his back on the bed. "It's already been to the beach?" "No, not yet, I intend to go there tomorrow morning." Her voice was uncertain with the cheek pressed on the cot. "Good."
The conversation languished, Marco realized it. He did not want to play all his cards in a hurry. He was in the company of a lady well, culture. He could get lost in the banal chatter. If he wanted to win his friendship and also, something more had to, prepare better. He looked at his watch; luckily it was almost time for sludge and decided to leave. "Lady Trizia, now I must apologize, but I have an appointment, the sludge make me very well, put me back in perfect shape."
The scorching sun had already flushed. The skin pale and dull, since the town experienced throughout the year indoors in low light, it was not enough cream high protective power. It was time to go for a swim. She used the shower, washed their feet and put on his headphones. She wanted to dive, but the regulation forbade him, so cleverly dropped for the aluminum ladder placed at the poolside as not to break the toenails. She went into the water and began to swim slowly lying on her back.
***
Trizia dinner and shooting stars
August 10
The afternoon she remained in the apartment. The sun and the bathrooms had exhausted. She had been woken up at six to the sound of barrels and now he felt sleepy. She fell asleep right after lunch and did not get up for the dinner hour. The restaurant was in the building near the central atrium. The round tables were laid with taste. On the tablecloths and napkins damask tone perfectly ironed navy shining silver cutlery and crystal glasses a polished. In the middle of each table was a candle in a lie tiled with painted designs of flowers that recalled the name of the apartment.
She recognized the bougainvillea and approached the table; the waiter pulled a chair and sat her down. The choice of dishes from the daily menu was tempting and the wine list extensive. It was decided for a risotto with seafood and grilled sea bass; also chose from a list of dry white wines was a wine of ninety, excellent year, according to the sommelier. She completed the meal with appetizers at the table of refreshments, the outline of zucchini scapece and the dessert of strawberries with whipped cream and chocolate cake.
She ate of taste and appetite. The sea air and the physical activity they had an appetite. She was the last spoonful of dessert, when the waiter came by with a flute and a bottle of Italian sparkling wine of excellent brand. Trizia hastened to say that he had ordered, but the waiter, with an almost imperceptible movement of the index in the white glove, pointed it offered the two elderly people across the table. She was dumbfounded.
The waiter made it clear that the couple celebrated Fifty years of marriage and had wanted to toast with the guests who were sitting at the tables around them. She lifted the cup as a sign of greeting and smiled, she thought, so many years together, a life, but he could not help but remember that her marriage had not survived beyond seven. She would have celebrated fourteen. She remembered with a touch of bitterness. Maybe she and Duilio would reach a tourist destination for the occasion. Things had gone differently.
Tart expression was in her eyes, when Marco came up to his table to invite entertainment on the terrace in front of the sea. It was the night of San Lorenzo and everyone expected to see the stars fall. "The shooting stars, no," she said. He narrowed his eyes and stared at him. Anyone that looks would have given up, but Marco was not one of first refusal to surrender. Used with grace and charm persuaded. At the end Trizia failed to reject the invitation.
After all, the evening had the sea breeze in the air. The memory of Duilio had put melancholy, and the strong wine and sparkling wine had put the heat. She agreed. "Okay." Rising from the table stared at the meeting on the terrace. Trizia arrived and Marco was waiting for sitting on a rocking chair equipped with a small table. There were other places swings in a semicircle in front of a space reserved for the dance and orchestra. They were occupied.
That evening they performed guitarists. They reworked classic ballads and Neapolitan songs with a touch of flamenco. They ranged from as deep and tragic hymns joyful overflowing of love and passion. At that time, played and sang a haunting melody. They reclined back on his swing, his eyes to the stars and your feet moving to the rhythm of the waltz earthenware decorated with acanthus leaves. The lights of the terrace had been adjusted to avoid dazzling the eyes and to give accent to the brightness of the stars and constellations. There was no moon. Trizia found himself enveloped in semi-darkness and surreal environment that had been created. It was not a good idea to accept that appointment.
This was the case in a hurry to find an excuse to take leave without offending anyone. She did not have time. Marco approached her and handed her his arm smartly, made her sit on the rocking chair that had reserved. The bench swayed slightly and she sank back. Marco sat down beside her. He saw about whether the stars emerge from the background of the clear sky and the dark. For a moment she felt part of the sky. She attracted by meteor showers and the mysteries of life. The waiter came to take the order. Mark advised her to try the lemon liqueur. The waiter offered to bring a cocktail lemon. They accepted.
"Trizia, we saw the sky tonight; does not believe that it is beautiful?" He spoke as if he were at the premiere of which he was the director. He adjusted the collar of his shirt behind his bow tie and kept talking. He had a low tone impregnated with gentleness that she would not have given. "You know, the stars of the constellations appear to look at them closely and in reality are far apart?" He tried to make a good impression and did not notice that the lady at his side was stiffening. It was not just because of the embarrassment of being romantically sitting on a rocking chair next to a stranger, but for an unfortunate fact. The situation reminded him of it.
It had happened many years before. It was the last time to watch the shooting stars. One summer, she went with Duilio to the observatory, but found it closed. They stopped on a hill equally enjoy the evening. They sat on a boulder at the edge of the pine forest of plaster. All of a sudden, she told him the legend. The desire expressed while watching a falling star, would come true. She wanted a son. She wanted to be around her and a man she loved, and wanted him right away. His life was supposed to be filled with a new life. He felt incomplete. She worked hard and did not like to do it just to make itself felt selfish. Duilio also aspired to become a parent. They waited a shooting star. After midnight, the stars fell so numerous as to exceed all expectations. She peeled off twenty-two. Unfortunately, the expressed desire was not fulfilled. Did not ever look at the stars, but only what was dictated by reason.
The waiter made it clear that the couple celebrated Fifty years of marriage and had wanted to toast with the guests who were sitting at the tables around them. He lifted the cup as a sign of greeting and smiled, he thought, so many years together, a life, but he could not help but remember that her marriage had not survived beyond seven. He would have celebrated fourteen. I remembered with a touch of bitterness. Maybe she and Duilio would reach a tourist destination for the occasion. Things had gone differently.
Tart expression was in her eyes, when Mark came up to his table to invite entertainment on the terrace overlooking the sea. It was the night of San Lorenzo and everyone expected to see the stars fall. "The shooting stars, no," he said. He narrowed his eyes and stared at him. Anyone that look would have given up , but Mark was not one of first refusal to surrender. Used with grace and charm persuaded. At the end Trizia failed to reject the invitation.
After all, the evening had the sea breeze in the air. The memory of Duilio had put melancholy, and the strong wine and sparkling wine had put the heat. She agreed. "Okay." Rising from the table stared at the meeting on the terrace. Trizia arrived; Marco was waiting for sitting on a rocking chair equipped with a small table. There were other places swings in a semicircle in front of a space reserved for the dance and orchestra. They were occupied.
That evening they performed guitarists. Reworked classic ballads and Neapolitan songs with a touch of flamenco. Ranged from as deep and tragic hymns joyful overflowing of love and passion. At that time, played and sang a haunting melody. They reclined back on his swing, his eyes to the stars and your feet moving to the rhythm of the waltz earthenware decorated with acanthus leaves.
The lights of the terrace had been adjusted to avoid dazzling the eyes and to give accent to the brightness of the stars and constellations. There was no moon. Trizia found himself enveloped in semi-darkness and surreal environment that had been created. It was not a good idea to accept that appointment.
This was the case in a hurry to find an excuse to take leave without offending anyone. She did not have time. Mark approached her and handed her his arm smartly, made her sit on the rocking chair that had reserved. The bench swayed slightly and she sank back. Marco sat down beside her. He saw about whether the stars emerge from the background of the clear sky and the dark. For a moment she felt part of the sky. She attracted by meteor showers and the mysteries of life. The waiter came to take the order. Mark advised her to try the lemon liqueur. The waiter offered to bring a cocktail lemon. They accepted.
"Trizia, we saw the sky tonight; does not believe that it is beautiful?" He spoke as if he were at the premiere of which he was the director. He adjusted the collar of his shirt behind his bow tie and kept talking. He had a low tone impregnated with gentleness that she would not have given. "You know, the stars of the constellations appear to look at them closely and in reality are far apart?" He tried to make a good impression and did not notice that the lady at his side was stiffening. It was not just because of the embarrassment of being romantically sitting on a rocking chair next to a stranger, but for an unfortunate fact. The situation reminded him of it.
It had happened many years before. It was the last time to watch the shooting stars. One summer, he went with Duilio to the observatory, but found it closed. They stopped on a hill equally enjoy the evening. They sat on a boulder at the edge of the pine forest of plaster. All of a sudden she told him the legend. The desire expressed while watching a falling star, would come true. She wanted a son. She wanted to be around her and a man she loved, and wanted him right away. Her life was supposed to be filled with a new life. She felt incomplete. She worked hard and did not like to do it just to make itself felt selfish. Duilio also aspired to become a parent. They waited a shooting star. After midnight, the stars fell as numerous as to exceed all expectations. She peeled off twenty-two. Unfortunately, the expressed desire was not fulfilled. Do not ever looked at the stars, but only what was dictated by reason she got up from the sofa and took a sip of the cocktail the waiter had brought. The hammock swayed slowly.
"You know that Sirius, the brightest star in the sky, you can see from almost every place on Earth and are the fainter meteors to make shooting stars, and that the luminous trail of dust is?" "Oh, it is really?" Trizia swallowed and smiled to disguise the bitterness and the fact that he had not heard a single word of what he had said. "And this exquisite cocktail" and added, pushing the umbrella of colored paper from the glass, sipped the other straw mixture with a pleasant sweet flavor. "I'm glad you like it, and I was saying, that, in speaking of the constellations, that of Aquarius, for example, was so named by the Sumerians, in honor of the god An" "Ah, yes, the Aquarius is my sign" and sent down yet another sip of the alcoholic beverage aroma of lemon. "It is a sign of his creativity," added Mark and he drank the cocktail. There was silence for a moment. Then the enthusiastic astonishment of those present burst out on the terrace. The great spectacle of the stars of the night it started: as fireworks, launched from the vault of heaven, a multitude of paths of light in the darkness, consumed before any reflection on the universe.
The musicians had distributed the tools and craft had started the show with a lively melody. They asked to be accompanied to the rhythm. They were involved too. Trizia had a triccaballacchio made up of many small plates that rattled opening and closing hinged wooden slats on which were nailed.
Marco had the putip , a kind of drum. The hollow sound came out moving a stick stuck in the middle. All together beating the rhythm with instruments and singing fun. They even tried to pour their shots with the strange objects and tried to go in time. She could not tell if it was the effect of the cocktail or the warm atmosphere, but in any case he was having fun. After a long festival of happy songs, there was a pause of silence. Trizia her cheeks burning and head were spinning. She was not used to drinking alcohol. He realized that the cocktail hiding under the sweet taste a lot of alcohol. She did not like to lose control of him, on any occasion, so he decided it was time to go away and this time would not yield to other proposals. "Marco, it's time for me to retire," told him placing the instrument on the table.
"Something is wrong?" He looked into her eyes sorry. "No, no, it's really late for me; tomorrow I will get up early to go to the beach." She pointed feet to stop the rocking." Stay the night is just beginning." He smiled and made more beside. He did not want to let her go just now beginning to be reached between them.
"Where you learned that way of doing, it reminds me one." The backslid was beginning to feel too close. She braced himself on his legs to stand without staggering. "Who?" The fine also talk to a stranger, provided that the evening did not end there. "Look," settled on his hips the long black dress by thin straps that left open the dcolletage. "Marco, please, call me Mark, maybe, if I wanted to give you the" A gust of wind hit them warm scented sea in full. "Marco, you must know, was a pushy," she added in a low voice, her eyes narrowed.
Meanwhile, the music had started. The guitarists had urged those present to beat faster and more rhythm on percussion instruments. The substrate of voices, sounds and noises became more present among them. Mark was standing and he had put his hands in his pockets not to give in to the temptation to restrain him by the arm. "You know Trizia what I'd like to do now?" "No, I do not want to know, I salute you," she turned his head toward the staircase down from the terrace. "I'll take Trizia" made a last attempt to stay close. "No, thanks, I'll go alone."
He arranged the shawl with silver threads that had fallen from his shoulders. "Trizia I want to assure you that I spent a pleasant evening, it did not happen for a long time "The laid him on the neck hem of the shawl that was sliding down again."Me too, good night Marco." She hastened to leave the terrace. Marco waved from afar 
Meanwhile, the music echoing between the Walloons and the garden: she sat down on the chair in cane on the porch of his apartment. She did not distinguish the words of the songs that were transformed by the distance and the sound waves in a gentle echo. She would not understand anyway. They were dialect. The Neapolitan language was incomprehensible. "This island is magical," said she, and was astonished that he could think of something, but she was beginning to feel just fine. She considered that the past was very far away and could not continue to provide her with pain. She looked to the future with confidence. She thought of Marco. He was just a nice man, a flatterer. Even graying hair gave him charm. Maybe he would have accepted the offer to go on a trip with him. She yawned, the warmth of the alcohol had evaporated, and she felt the dampness of the night on the skin. She returned.
***
Trizia the beach and sludge
August 11, Thursday morning
Get off at the beach was truly indispensable and go barefoot along the shore and in the waters of the bay. She had this in her head only. Impatient, she went out immediately after breakfast. In the morning on the beach smelled of salt and oily aroma of pine and eucalyptus trees. She breathed deeply and began the walk on the legs reddened, barefoot in the water on the shore fresh from the night.
The moderate swell and the water crystal clear and blue reminded the gemstone aquamarine. Pure wave round and growing in the middle of the bay and on the beach with a long resonance, such as ocean wave, in which one day she tried to dive. Even now she felt the thrill of that body of water. The carrying very high and rested on the sand with the same delicacy of a hand reclined on the ground a chick. By comparison, here it was all in miniature, but equally joyous sensations felt inside. The sublime power of the sea loaded with passion towards life. From a distance, the sand appeared to her sometimes flecked with black, like smeared by oil slicks, but approaching, she found that they were of fine volcanic rock.
The black sand, full of minute grains of silver, blue and green shone and reflected the rays of the sun. She took it between her fingers. Fine grains were attached to the palms and shimmering scales as bright. Later there were people. They scraped the greenish rock at the foot of the ridge near the water, among boulders of around. She did not want to participate in the destruction of the natural heritage, but was curious and came over. Even children scraped the rock bass on the rocks of the shore, with a stone pestle and as if smeared on the face of each other, have fun.
They laughed to shop. A little girl smeared the clay on the cheeks of a smaller and more doubtful. "What game are you doing?" She tried the right tone, she happened rarely address children. She was insecure. "Sludge" answered quickly. "They make the skin smooth." Another smiled, and slid into the palm of the hand a handful of clay. She felt tenderness. Their simplicity was immediate.
She smeared the clay, and when dries the already washed away, the skin came out soft and velvety. Now she wanted to attend the center for aesthetic would return home rejuvenated. She went on the excursion in the bay. With eyes of wonder watching the thermal water that oozed steam gushed from the rock and formed puddles and rivulets with steaming hot.
People between the rocks inhaling the vapors but Trizia could not stand the intense heat coming out of the cracks. She stopped later, a group unusually curled up in the water a few feet from the shore. They bathed in the hot springs of the point. A woman pointed to an old plant of prickly pears the size of a tree as a reference point, in front of the plant, there were springs. Trizia went into the water and curled up. Tiny bubbles rose and wrapped the warm massaging. She was thrilled. Even the people were generous, shared not only the beauty, but also the wealth of their land. Now she regretted not being there ever has been before. Now she wanted to recover the lost time.
"A slice of heaven" was repeated blessed, while the tip of the promontory, a speedboat came hurtling into the bay along the coast in an area of the sea certainly prohibited. The waves lifted soon reached the shore sweeping Trizia rinsing tourists and swimmers from the sludge. They railed all, each in their own language or in their own dialect.
Trizia shook her head; she could not explain why some people had remained indifferent. "It gets worse," wrinkled old woman in the face and darkened by the sun assured. She placed emphasis on the words waving a hand in the air, the other clutching the slender wrist for a girl naked. A man too old, stocky body and dry intervened. "Now they just want the money, and many immediately think and want to spend it, we were God-fearing, we were happy with what was there, we had respect for the sea and our land." The pathos was gone. Trizia felt the need to take refuge among the warmest protected and reassuring services. At the spa park lay back on the bed on board the Triton. She needed to relax. 
Marco joined her soon after. Still dripping, he returning from gym class in the pool. He fatigued. "Did not see you this morning" He was in a hurry to go and change, but wanted to know if their relationship could be continued. She pretended not to remember. With regard to the confidential tone with which they had left, she had not yet had time to think. She described the beauty of the bay, but could not hide his disenchantment. Marco was sorry. She had dealt with a strong detachment, but maybe it was the fault of the unpleasant experience.
He avoided serious topics too, when he was in the company of a beautiful woman. The mood compromised trips with her and the rest. He was in the mind of the afternoon excursion planned by the agency. "Trizia, stay up, do not take it this afternoon is planned around the island, you will make an overall view of the environment." She did not want to think about it a lot. She intended to visit the island. "I'll give you listen, you know what I'm doing, I'm going to book me, there will also be her this afternoon?" Marco smiled; he was rewarded for his interest. There was a future in their relationship. He understood him. "No, I massage, I am sorry, I greet you." He went away disappointed. He lost the chance of an afternoon with her, but the massages were an integral part of the cure. Then today there was the masseuse. He had his own merit. He went to the locker room. The next morning would be made to find Triton when she arrived.
***
Stephen Trombley to shop
12 August, Friday morning
Trombley had closed the conversation with the lawyer Stanzani and spoke to a customer. "I do not want to even tortellini, are fresh, freshly prepared" And so saying, warned by the sound of the bell at the entrance and attracted by the movement of habit, looked up. He could not believe his eyes. He had aged, but she recognized him immediately. "He's back!" He thought, but he continued unabashed to wrap the ham to the lady. "No, it's too hot, do not take another" He made reference to the old lady Trombley but not heeded. Even the noise around and the store had turned into muffled silence in his ears. "He has the courage to show up here," he thought. Meanwhile, all other customers served by pretending anything. The distinguished gentleman in his seventies, he left to do at the customer who had come after him. Then they were alone.
"I see that everything has remained the same, I knew your father, poor fellow."
Stephen was sweating under her apron; dripped from his forehead and under his arms and he could not say anything. "I'm retired now," the man continued, "I have an apartment here in these parts ," Trombley was purple in the face, but did not know how to react. Fortunately, the bell tinkled again. Here's another customer. "Well," said the individual "I'll take a pound of tortellini; we hope they are as good as those who sold your father." "Sure," Trombley said, "Twenty" "But they are very expensive," Trombley said nothing. The man paid and left. Stefano served customers, but his mind was elsewhere. "I lost this opportunity to tell him what I think of him, what he wants yet, damn me, I had to report him!" he thought and needed. a customer the pointed out that he had given her the restless. He had to apologize. Had clear that anger and resentment were hardly appeased. Overwhelmingly re-emerged.
***
Trizia, Mark, and the nudist area
12 August, Friday morning
On Friday Trizia woke up still tired and dizzy, feet and ankles swollen. In the mirror she saw that the contour of the lips and the bridge of the nose were peeling. She was found it horrible. Luckily she had bought the moisturizer for the face, the previous afternoon, during a tour of the island. The pulled from his bag and applied it on my face. It was refreshing. She did not want to eat the usual croissants, and left on the table the breakfast tray still intact. Only sipped coffee and felt better. The morning would have remained in the shadow of the porch to complete the work he had saved on your computer in a hurry the day of departure.
Tied her hair back with a clip and put on his robe. Then, to extract the personal computer from the case, were scattered on the floor of the documents Trombley. While she collected, she remembered the customer just met and his exaggerated anxiety. It seemed ambiguous. She thought he would be a good one but annoying.
Might as well start from his practice, before she go back to if you took away the better. She sat on the porch and concentrated. Re-examined the situation and found that the measures do not coincide. She read: the deed, the store had an area of fifty square meters, the document was a hundred.
She wondered what the exact measurement was. She sought the answer in the documents in its possession, but could not find it. Only the person concerned could tell her. She decided that it was necessary to track him down. It was eleven; she had to be in the store. She poured orange juice into the glass and took out the telephone. She dialed the number. The phone rang at the other end. " Delicatessen " It was Trombley. "I'm the lawyer Stanzani" " Doctor, tell me, what happened?" The merchant was already shaking. "Nothing, nothing, all right," She said quickly. "Listen " The noise disturbed the communication."As she says, ham? ". "Trombley!" She said in a commanding tone and took a sip of cold orange juice. "Excuse me, there's a customer who is in a hurry, you know there is no confusion, we are preparing the exhibition of Mid-August, he knew how many people there already snooping!" She felt relieved, and hurried tone: "How many square meters is the store?" She drew back with the notes to the front door. The rays of the sun filtered from arbor on the porch and she could no longer read. "The store will be about fifty yards, it is not written in the deed?" A hoarse voice of an elderly woman cams in the ear of Trizia. "Because the land registry document is one hundred square meters!" She was on the threshold with the device in one hand and a piece of paper slipped to the ground. "The store was first divided into two equal parts of the deed, and I bought one." Other voices mingled with hers. "In this case you have not done a complete history, so the contest "She picked up the fallen leaf."One moment, I'll love right away; Doctor? "He raised his voice, he became nervous." Trombley, I assure you that we are an advantage for the use of the greeting" entered "She asked him," but she felt put down the receiver. The lawyer was satisfied, she felt strong and confident, had just checked that her experience and her insight formed a winning pair. She prepared to roll out the draft. She had just turned her back to the porch, when she heard the sound of hooves on the driveway. Approaching the finish line and saw Marco, with a high-cut suit and wearing a towel on his shoulder. The tan uniform stood out.
"Trizia the trouble?" Chirped a goldfinch on the tree at the same rhythm of his words. Marco called from afar, it was not his style appear without warning or without invitation or brothels. He had waited a long time. When she did not get was concerned. Trizia's face was smeared with cream, messy hair and still wore the pearl-colored silk wrap dress succinct. He had caught her by surprise.
From behind the door, she cleared her throat. "You're not supposed to be in the pool. Made, him realize, that he should not advance further. He stopped and spoke to her in full voice. "The appearance of the Triton, I wanted to take her to a place."
She had not planned to attend the park that morning. While to remove him, she replied quickly, "Okay, see you there." Marco turned on the hooves and returned to Triton. He had already done gymnastics in the water. He was glad to rest a little on the couch. He thought that Ross, the instructor, when it came to spending fatigue to others, not to spare. The sweat had made, in the water. The abs ached.
Lying on his back, face and stomach turned to the sun, was already better and the blood began well to the end. Trizia, glimpsed wrapped in that tiny dressing gown, now made her certain fantasies. He was going to take her to the spa pool at the top, the most panoramic sea views from the seats below the cascades for massage behind. Changed his mind, he preferred to take her in the nude. This holiday had not even had time to climb up to the entrance. He thought that going there with her would have been more pleasant.
Trizia arrived shortly after and Marco gave her the proposal. "To do something different, go, have fun, do not be shy?" He smiled just mischievous; he wanted to test his chances of winning, knowing how far to pus. Even Trizia smiled. She was enjoying himself, knew him. She had never been among nudists. Not for shame or prejudice, just had not had the chance. "Why not, it's a new experience," she added, "Let's go" and took him under his arm. He realized at that moment that shortly after would have to show under the sun, and her heart pounded in her throat. The blood was taken at the end. He had hunted in that situation, and would not have pulled back. The nudist area was secluded from the centrality of the swimming pools and other areas of the park. The interior was obscured from furniture lush greenery. Privacy and confidentiality were crucial. When Marco and Trizia they reached the entrance, he realized immediately. On the entrance gate there was the caretaker. A tall and robust with simple kindness and firmness informed them that the women's ward was right and the men left the department. Marco was surprised and disappointed. Him found not realized. Then he cheered, he was not ready to bare it all. She was indifferent to the news and he could not tell if he was relieved not to show. At that moment he realized that the proposal was in bad taste and blamed the effect of the thermal pools.
"So, Marco?" Trizia staring at him with eyes that seemed to him ironical. "In the afternoon, we go to the castle?" "See you at sixteen" She disappeared over the entrance. The nod of the guardian indicating the entrance to the left. Marco in a low voice, for fear that she felt: "I forgot something, I go back later, after" and walked away on tiptoe so as not to make noise with their hooves. He was not pleased with how things had gone. He had to toying. He had to unleash weapons of seduction most suitable. Perhaps he would have found other topics. And then he had to know if she was free for real. The holiday was short and did not want to get lost in a conquest maybe impossible.
***
Trizia and Marco at the dock
12 August, Friday afternoon
Trizia and Marco got out of the taxi at the beginning of a long micro artificial isthmus leading to the Castle. It was an hour at the start of a tour so she informed him that she was curious to see the surroundings. They walked back and forth browsing. Young fished in coves, parents were walking with small children, kids playing in the yard. Groups of tourists moving slowly, while the elderly sat on the edge of the lava along the jetty.
For the first time Trizia was in that part of the island and she was seized by the desire to look at the windows of shops in the streets, which branched off from the open space. She was greeted friends and acquaintances before leaving; they expected him to return with a present for them. She Marco informed. If you liked to go with her, otherwise the appointment was at the entrance. He was silent. He glanced at bay full of light. The sun was still up behind them and the warm breeze from the sea in intermittent gusts, to the rhythm of the surf and the waves on the shoreline driven by the many boats at sea, enveloped him.
He was already there; his interest now was everything to her and deep thinking to find an excuse. He had to convince her to stay with him. Trizia waiting for an answer, she was visibly eager to do what she wanted. She had the face and watching him. For the first time she did he with care and it seemed nothing wrong with the pole signed that clung to his chest tucked into shorts blue sea captain. Then, with cotton pullover knotted at the waist, looked more casual. Its triangular face crossed with wrinkles on the forehead and at the corners of the eyes, gained intensity with the tan and his thin lips, vaguely reminiscent of those of a star seen in the movies. Definitely he do not lacking in charm.
She stared at him for telling her what he had decided. The sunglasses hid his eyes a little and she did not fail to seize the blankly into his eyes and wanted to know if something had annoyed. He assured her that everything was fine; it was just hot and pointed to the bar. "Why do not we sit down to have a drink first?" It was not true that he was thirsty, but if he's shopping, bachelor project approach her.
She agreed. The afternoon was still long. There was enough time for everything. They sat down and ordered the juice of lemons. They were silent. Now that they were face to face in a public place, there was among them embarrassment. She sensed in him the same dark vein of the first time he spoke to her on the plane. She wondered why he had agreed to sit down. The idea of staying there stops, exasperated her. Marco had just glossed over, puzzled expression on his face drawn in overlooking the sea. There was no time to stand in defense, but to go on the attack. She looked impatiently at his watch, and he seized the moment.
"Trizia, its elegant jewelry is truly unique" watches were his passion. He wanted to also add that it was a big gamble to bring that object so luxurious on the island. He happened to read in the newspaper of a tourist snatched a watch of the same brand. She finally looked at him with intense flicker in his eyes that he had seen only by air, when they spoke of her father George, and he stopped. Pinned, in fact, that George would be the focus of the next conversation.
"How do you know?" He saw her smile proudly. He wanted to surprise her and it was really successful. "The wrist watches and chronographs fascinate me; had good taste in the choice; if you do not mind me asking, did you buy?" "It's birthday "" Ah, I assume that is a person who should love her own very well!" "Yes," The assertion that he did not expect him froze his stomach, fidgeted with drops of water to the edge of the glass, while suffering: a gift of the value of a sports car, for a birthday, it is only for those who truly love.
Trizia was amused to hide the truth for the right time to discover how much he cared to find out more. "I got a great present," she added, and already he unsheathed a smile. She also knew amaze me the clue and maybe it was accidental. He had to understand.  He did not have time. A ball darted. He took his arms and grabbed him firmly in his hands as a goalkeeper valid; Trizia saved the nose and glasses on the table. They turned quickly toward the square. A little boy pushed another smaller. The bartender came out of the room; the boys disappeared in the narrow streets. He apologized several times and railed against those parents who are not educated their children. They accepted the apology and stated that it was not anything serious happened.
Trizia now beginning to feel sympathy for him so athletic and agile, but the incident did not return nor did he praise. Marco in his youth was the keeper of a football team, but he nodded. They remained silent. She finished the lemonade and began to look around, she saw the window of jewelry store and thought of buying a cameo. Soon she would be gone. He had to hurry. "Having children is worrying today, they give so many problems, luckily I have not, I 'm free from family commitments, I have never been married; she is married?" Behold, he said, the intention was not to say too much, but he was impatient, and then, he was tired of turning around the argument, the holiday would not last forever. Of course, now had his attention. She had turned suddenly and looked at him with sharp eyes of three quarters as spearheads. He doubted her joviality.
Trizia was conscious of his strange way of having fun with men. After the failure of the marriage , she could not take them seriously, to keep them amused on the rope and she liked to exercise more power over them calculated that her sensuality . She had discovered the weak point of Marco. He was brazen and insistent curiosity. She kept him on edge. With him amused, but it gave him to see. It was clear now: Duilio had left a scar deeper than thought. She crossed his legs and she saw the linen skirt above the knee climbing them to discover more sensual thighs.
"He wants to know if I'm free, I understand?" With her it was better to be respectful, polite and a gentleman as ever. He had taken off his sunglasses after having saved the shot and now, being closed in the shoulders, looked at her with sweetness. "I'd like to know, we can become friends, without equivocation , I mean , I would not find out that I'm inviting a lady who is already involved with someone, maybe even jealous , that " He felt he had rid himself of a burden. Trizia was harder than she had appeared, but it was worth groped. The conquest was more grueling was worth more and the greater the pleasure. She now looked at him with expressive eyes and laughed heartily, had made him say what he really thought, conveyed a sense of fragility and felt the same pleasure he had in his hand the victory of the cause. "I'm free" She had laid her hand on his shoulder and, looking at him, shaking him gently. Only then could see the shades of green in the iris of his hazel eyes. She liked a lot.
He was courting. She had not thought the least, and it would not do much. Be courted liked the same. She thought that he would become known a bit ' better, but on the condition that he would say something to him. She dropped the words lightly. "Why are you still alone?" He swallowed. He had a fairly turbulent love life. He had so many women, but only one great love: Laura, who had betrayed too many times and in the end she had abandoned him. He was not ready to bring up the past, but something of the same story had told her. He climbed from the small port over the stone blocks, a fishy odor, prevent him from opening his mouth. They decided to leave. They chatted for a walk on the pier. Divided in half and left the shopping trip in the saucer on the table. Trizia thought that the cameo could wait to buy; he wanted to know. "I was not married, but I've had a love; unfortunately taken a crush on a girl; my partner was unable to forgive and, on the threshold of forty, I found myself alone, I cheated, but no more than many other " He played the victim card, he knew also elicit tenderness in women, but not in Trizia beginning to view it in the role of conqueror.
They stopped at the arc beneath which they passed the paddle boats. Among the sheltered waters of the bay they leaning against the side, silent absorbed in their own thoughts. "She has had a great love?" Trizia kept his gaze to the boats swaying on the water. Duilio tell him, would be a long story. Five plus seven years of marriage engagement, in essence they became adults together. Still had affection for her ex-husband, he was there when they found his father's lifeless, and did not forget that it was he who support her and encourage her in difficult times.
Unfortunately everyday life, their mutual work commitments and the fact that they had not had children consumed their relationship. Their marriage was over for boredom. At least, she was greatly bored. Duilio was a couch potato. He loved his profession only. It was a romantic boring. And his character had made her fall in love with the romantic.
She thought about what he should tell him. She established the bare minimum, as indeed she was used to always do. "I am divorced, I married a master of classical guitar, but the marriage ended; anyway we were friends, and I cannot forget that he was there with me when George died, " She noticed immediately that the information that last had escaped, she was not willing to tell him, she could not explain how it had happened. By now it was gone as well. He picked it up. George would be their link. "And so was his father George Stanzani "She dropped her sentence for her to gather. "You know what I miss most about him? ""What?" He looked into her blue eyes suddenly clouded with emotion. "It's discreet; loved me and supported me without imposing itself and was present when I needed it, always."
"You knew of his attitude of openness to all, but he knew he was sick; how it happened?" "It was in care, then that day," She closed his eyes for a moment, pursed his lips and face, a face appeared. Then he continued jack need to be reminded again. "It 's in my memory like it happened yesterday was Sunday afternoon , my mother was from a friend, I went home with Duilio; I have in mind the unnatural silence; from the half-open door of his study, we saw filter the light of the table lamp on; I called him, no answer, entered and Duilio was, first, to see him lying on the floor next to the desk; looked towards the door, with his head resting on the pillow of the chair and clasped hands as if he were reciting a prayer, his eyelids half open, staring; I touched him , his hands were cold , while her back was still warm; even for a moment I thought to its end; I rushed to the phone to call an ambulance; the doctors said he was dead; agents arrived; kept us and I never saw him again; agents checked the papers, listened to our testimonies and those of the tenants of the building, took some photographs, and covered the body, called the car of the mortuary who came and took him away."
Trizia told everything without pausing. Had spent more than a decade, but always remember him crying. Marco listened and almost could not watch her all the time. Just felt the anxiety in her voice, and gave himself an idiot for pushing her to tell. She was now back to that moment and continued. "You know what makes me suffer even today after so many years?" He wanted to tell her to stay there.
"My father took the time to understand, there, on the floor, alone, without help; I could not stay with him even after, it is the practice, then the tenant under the plan ". Marco felt stabbed by two ice-blue eyes. "The evening was for the condolences, the tenant downstairs and told of having heard a sudden thud coming from our apartment, the testified; the tenant knew us well, there were forty years were in that building; my father had also helped in legal issues, heard and did nothing; are still angry, indignant and offended; a phone call would have saved him, perhaps." Marco meanwhile was leaning against the side of the bridge and continued to give himself an idiot, the hardened surface. By now it must have known the female universe, but he did not. He thought only that, when he saw a beautiful woman. And now he had panicked and did not know what to do. He looked up at the sky. If there was one thing he could not stand and that he had never wanted to learn was how to comfort a woman. He sighed and turned to her, but was surprised at her sudden metamorphosis. Trizia was putting on his sunglasses in hand with tissue paper, had dried his eyes and he hurried to check the time as if nothing had happened. "We're almost late for the visit to the castle!" She held out his hand, quickly walked the tunnel dug into the rock.
***
Emiliana
13 August, Saturday morning
Since the time when his dear women became ill, Emiliana had not even slept a full night. Now recognized any noise at night, in the street and to the flight of stairs. His housemates were unaware of his presence indifferent torment. The waiter who took a shower to return to the two about the guy who came home from the disco followed by a trail of foul-smelling smoke, at four o'clock, the damper Barber, about six o'clock, the collection of waste, shortly after. Almost without realizing it, had stopped in the evening to go to bed. She lies on the couch in front of the window and fell asleep to the sound of classical music or the words of a film in black and white.
Unable to sleep for a few hours. Allow her to forget the tragedy. She called them moments of normalcy. In those moments you felt it was before everything happened. Some days were returning from work. Sometimes I was about to call on the phone and Mary only in that moment he realized that this would never have been possible. Mary was no more. She could no longer listen , advise and even scold her for her statements always a little over the top. Silence, sadness without remedy, loneliness. He began to talk to her. And he dreamed, in familiar gestures.
Could see her in the kitchen to turn over crispy fries, or with floured hands of pasta or pizza. Sometimes in his sleep, he was not dreaming Emiliana his mother, but Mary was talking to her, to warn, to anticipate, almost wanting to protect others from suffering. The first time this happened was in the morning when he died. Emiliana not slept in days , was at her bedside for hours, going back and forth from the hospital , all work breaks. Now no physiological parameter could give her hope, but she was hoping for a miracle. Emiliana out of the room, sitting in armchair, felt his chest suddenly in the air. She rushed into the room. The nurse checked the regularity of the oxygen mask. She knew that death would not really separate.
She was now in the habit of waking up suddenly in the middle of the night and at dawn he could only close my eyes. That night was very hot and she had taken the sofa on the terrace. She could see a few stars over the fog of sultriness. First, from the same point, she saw myriads now, between light pollution and muggy, it was no longer possible. His eyes were already towards the lights: the dawn of thirteen. Number and date of death of the mother. Emiliana could not with the intention to drive away the shreds of lived that tore his gaze toward the dawn. Mary went in and out of different hospitals in eighty-five days of ordeal. Blood under his bed materialized in front. That blood Emiliana had cleaned up quickly, while the ambulance carried away, Mary. Then the traces of dried blood reappeared again, when he had to vacate the apartment. He saw the gestures of his mother. They were always measured. Emilia and Emiliana, in the same condition, they would have screamed. Mary, no. Drip into a vein, day and night.
She was able to shut excruciating pain, to replace them with words of love for everyone. Shreds of the speeches were returning to the ears, "Mom, what are they doing!" " Emiliana, leave it alone, they are all nice to me, they do what they can, I told you that there was nothing to do "." Mom! Mom" "Emiliana not cry, thinking of you, you're young, I 've lived my life with joy. " Here, Emiliana was crying. The moisture fell on the shoulders. The miracle, yes he had asked for his mother, and why good people like her could not die like this. Now corollaries of procedures related faced by the intimacy. Days of work, hospital, nights without sleep. She had the measure of his own solitude. Four hours waiting to speak with one of the doctors who treated Mary, only to be told that within two hours or less had to take it away. Just so she said: "He's wasting my time, I have to take care of the sick."
The mother on the couch in the hallway, waiting for the ambulance to come and take her home for the last time. The acquaintance, who phoned shortly after the burial, not to ask as if he drew, but to tell her that he had made the cabal, and had won five hundred thousand pounds per batch. Mary would have been glad to have brought luck even with his own death, Emiliana not. A noise interrupted the memories stirred. She looked down at a bat clinging to the railing in front of a hole in which the spotlight on the terrace. It was black, small frail. She slipped into the hole and disappeared. Not made repellency. She loved animals, and every now and then some being in the sky was to keep her company. She had already hosted a couple of swallows. She saw the parent outside of the nest and the baby on board, then disbelief, she saw the precise moment when the parent pushed the baby out in a vacuum, with a wing beats. The chick hovered in a very short flight and inaccurate. Yet he was moved now, remember. The aurora rose rapidly, but she had not finished basking. More painful scenes. Memoirs due. She saw his mother in the morgue, including a dozen bodies of the day, on the cart, covered with white cloth. His lean face, the hollow temples and orbital bones uttered not impressed, but the profile, yes, the sides of the mouth, bent down, and an expression of acute suffering. His mother was no longer able to hide the terrible physical pain, as well as the strength of his life. Emiliana was not the person who loved to pity, but the stress immediately had marked, she thought that was no longer the person before. She was certain, the funeral of his mother was the only nice moment. Decent, thoughtful, polite. The Passionist father of the Charterhouse gave a sermon balanced and strong. A Father unknown to them. He was professional and polite even the owner of the funeral home. He gave her the discount. Two funerals in three months, in the same family, were rare. Fortunately. She was intelligent, she understood that it could not go on for much longer. She had to fight back, but did not know how. The rays of the sun by now exceeded the shingles and the sill. She yielded to sleep there on the terrace, while repeating the verses of a her poem: "The dawn is my blanket. How long hands me a hug. I caress. The dawn is my night. His warmth warms me. And I fall asleep. Finally ... 
***
Trizia and Marco and the watch brand
13 August, Saturday morning
Mark slept badly. Throughout the night he rolled over in bed. In the morning the sheets were wet with sweat. The story of Trizia had upset. In her grief was still so strong for the premature death of his father. It had to be very attached to him. He got up and went into the bathroom. She looked in the mirror feeling the rough chin. He thought of his father. He had the good fortune to live long and died after receiving a lot of care. More than once he would have strangled with his own hands. Gambled and lost. He had ruined his family. She had left many debts.
With foam on his face, he began to be passed the razor. Life was just weird. He had flushed cheeks and rubbed vigorously in the towel. He remembered the time when she had not appeared such as steel, but as the iron that bends, if the heat of the flame is too strong. He had been tempted to embrace it.
It was there, in front of the mirror, her mouth wide open looking at the molars, with toothbrush in hand, and the clear perception that his loneliness, was like hers. After Laura, no woman had ever made her feel half. Now, as she combed the grizzled tuft, felt his heart filled with loving words and gestures of kindness for Trizia. He looked one last time and head had the specific intention to make it fun. The appointment was at ten o'clock that morning. He went out of the apartment with the clear intention of being cute.
She was punctual and after the visit to the early Christian finds, talking while sitting on a bench in the gardens in front of the museum. Trizia knew a lot of the ancient Greek city of Pitecusa. To hear about deaths, Marco did not like it, even if he was referring to the ancient Greeks. Then it was just right in the morning. Quickly, he diverted the conversation on topics that he preferred living nature and geology. He spoke of the green tuff, the symbol of the country and how he was fascinated by the uniqueness of that rock. He spoke instead of how many boats to serve as anchorage for fishing for mullet. They walked the walk along the marina full of shops and restaurants wanted to show him, he was curious to know what effect did it. They arrived in the harbor and sat at a table of pastries, not far from the mass of green tufa. They were waiting for the waiter when ordering. On several occasions, Marco glanced inside the room. The sun was pounding and the burning in my throat grew even to the dust raised by passing cars on the road slowly in columns. During one of those raids visual Marco waved.
"You saw Ross's" Trizia looked into it, but the crowd did not recognize anyone. "I do not know any Ross" "The instructor, she does water aerobics?" "No, I swim on my own, I do not know" "He was sitting next to her on the plane!" "Ah, it's gym instructor?" "Even if we scrambled, it makes us work so much that you sweat in the water!" "I was not very convinced." "Ross is nice; it is a playful and makes us laugh in class." "Well," Trizia listened and said nothing, at first glance, he was not at all sympathetic, but admitted that it was just a nice guy. 
Meanwhile, peeping into the room and this time she distinguished himself among others. He was leaning over the counter of three quarters. Profile dancer in tight jeans. It was more tanned on the day of the trip, the hair even more beautiful, more curly and shiny. As well as the bore, gathered in a ponytail that fell on his muscular shoulders covered by a thin undershirt. Ross caught his eye and waved pulling a wide smile and clapping his hand to cut the corner of the forehead. Trizia was puzzled, it was waving in that way, and he thought perhaps to be funny? She understood well? With his left hand to shield against the sun's rays that dazzled, looked better on the inside of the bar. Marco looked inside. Meanwhile, a young man watched them for a while ' waiting for the right time to take action. The raised hand of Trizia was the signal, and as it was written in the complaint, "the boy clung to the left arm of Mrs. Stanzani jerking and snatching the watch from your wrist made her fall off the chair causing her light abrasions." It happened in an instant. Marco did not have time to realize that anything you saw before her tumble on his legs and then to the ground.
Ross instead had it all figured out already and they threw behind the thief fleeing from a group of people screaming and pointing. He kept an eye on the fugitive. "O ' b there, the beach  cup "(see you there on the beach). Ross was at his heels. At the beach of the marina, the young thief zigzagged, raised sand between the people lying in the sun, he turned to watch their backs. He knew of no escape and headed towards the water. Ross understood the intention. With one last effort, and shouting: "Veni acc thief!" (Come here little thief), he is throwing at him. They both fell on the shore. They fought tangled, surrounded by the public. The precious watch slipped from the hands of petty thief and ended up in the waves of the broken shore. Ross picked meteoric water. He did not know, as reported later, that resisted many meters deep. In any case, the time to collect the jewel sufficed to rogue. When Ross raised his head, he was out of sight among the boats moored in the harbor in the group and can be reached only by sea.
Everything was done under the eyes of curious tourists, businessmen and ordinary people. Trizia and Mark, from their place saw the port, but not the beach. Thus, among a crowd of people around, she saw him get to Ross, with the precious jewel clutched in his fist and a smile on her face. Still panting, while receiving slaps on bare shoulders and back wet.
"Ma'am here's your watch!" It was in the part of superhero. He cleaned sand passing over the precious sapphire glass hem of her tank top revealing gesture in the abdomen muscular. He took her hand. He poked him on the wrist. It all happened suddenly. Trizia was still stunned, frightened and confused. He let slip the clock and did not react. She was grateful to him. His cold hand in fright, to contact her for running hot and the heat, she received a long and penetrating shock that went through it all.
She looked at him and saw himself caressed by two large dark eyes and laughing. Beautiful, as are those of young people not yet touched by the ugliness and pain of life. He slipped away in a moment. Ross had already disappeared. They had called to offer him a drink at the bar. Marco was still stunned. He felt a little ' humiliated for not having done nothing more than hold her. The crowd dispersed. Trizia did not show what was dazed.
***
Emiliana
13 August, 15:00, Saturday afternoon
Last night on the terrace was demolished. Now she had difficulty to restrain the mind. Enough! She decided to go out, take a walk, dispose of oppression. She went down in the square, sat down at the table in the ice cream parlor and ordered a cocktail of citrus and rum. She usually do not drink alcohol, but in the summer, a sip of rum liked. She sipped through a straw immersed in the great chalice, as he thought the way to go for a walk. She had not walked more than the path along the canal and the railway. She walked in the underpass. The passing train sent under gloomy sighted in the tunnel of red brick Bologna. The dark rattling pushed past him to run to get away from the noise deafening and the nightmare that was associated in his mind. It's true, among the many thoughts, she also had to call it quits, forever, so no one would have noticed. The rattle of the trains also arrive in his attic and in the darkest nights and endless had thought to call it quits. She imagined the scene. Disappear into a thousand pieces unrecognizable in the night. You could see in the white shirt, as a ghost, barefoot between the sleepers of the ballast. Then the train arrived fast. Then she disintegrated. She went into a thousand shreds unrecognizable sunk. No cemetery, just peace. Here, now, was started on the old dirt path towards the railway station device. At a brisk pace, under the scorching sun and the alcohol fumes which was not used, exceeded cloves of fields and fruit trees, inventories of a campaign in which she had enjoyed walking with his hand close to his mom. She did not know to interpret his life. She stopped. She was suddenly matured. She had changed the concepts of self, of others, of the city. She felt misunderstood in their own pain. It had all happened too suddenly. The real cruelty had made her understand the essence of things. The death had suddenly become an inescapable certainty. She did not exist without the loved ones. Who was it? His little world of trust, affection, strength, safety, had collapsed. His certainty was the trust in Divine Providence and prayer. They had sustained at all times and continued to do so. Just them she found the strength to get up in the morning and go on. She walked and thought and tortured. The discomfort saliva and grew frantic pace. She arrived near the station of San Ruffillo. Now she had a sweet, distant, memory. In the early hours of the winter afternoons on sunny days, her mother took her for a walk. Were standing there at the Cippo. The steps of selenite warming themselves in the sun, while the marble remained cold. Emiliana put his finger in the recordings of the epigraph and walked the letters, could not read. It was a place of memory, of meditation, he perceived it. Her mother aspic with simplicity, that there had been no mass shootings ruthless, in World War II. The Cippo the " Memorial of St. Ruffillo " it documented. Mary could not hide, compassion for those strangers, his neighbors who, in Naples, were caught and shot in retaliation. Mary was already a citizen of the world. She was beautiful then her mom, young, long, thick hair died, a thin layer of lipstick on her lips and eyes smiling pointing to a better future. That face of her smiled now. Now, when the whistle of the fastest passenger train in transit, the surprises her behind.
***
The dear friend Carla on the phone
13 August, Saturday afternoon
The afternoon Trizia stayed in his apartment. She had too many emotions: theft, recovery and Ross. She was exhausted. She tried to distract the occasion; the practice of Trombley from sketch was perfect. She started the computer and surrounded himself with documents. She turned on the radio. Notes of classical music surrounded her, good for concentrate. She initiated the drafting of the action. When he immersed himself in the work, the hours passed quickly without cognition.
" ... It follows the erroneous notified of the investigation; trusting the plan is not updated properly ... "It was at the heart of the problem when the phone rang for a long time before we hear. The dear friend Carla was looking for. "How are you; not you call me "she was prepared to submit a news item."I read that it's hot in Bologna" Trizia did not want to tell her about the vicissitudes of the morning. He preferred to think that you were enjoying the holiday. "Blessed are you that the amusements; then, the island is just as beautiful as they say?" She had not heard the tone in the voice of the most pleased, however, could not wait for her to tell her the news, now preferred, from a distance.
"You know that Duilio married?" "Duilio, my Duilio?" To Trizia he was his property, exclusive of affection, right acquired by the length of relationship. When referring of his new girlfriends, she was nervous a lot, now and then that he learned that he had married! Struggled to hold back the rage of jealousy. "With who?" She did not want that Carla had the exact measure of his wrath. "He got married this morning, there were publications for a month, did not you know?" Carla yes, more than a month, but how to tell? His impression was that Trizia she still loved him.
"Oh, with those who know you?" She spent reviewing his achievements . "You know, Gloria, our high school classmate," Now you see how she gets angry, Carla thought . "He is married to that hm ..." She coughed; she would not give her satisfaction. Even a dear friend, do not show the side. Gloria had already tried with him many years ago, both were music teachers. "What did you say? " Is it possible that he mentioned a dirty word? No. Trizia completely repudiated the "Did you know you from what?" She asked questioningly. "As you say, sorry, I must leave you, call me when you get back, hello, a kiss," Carla replied and hung up.
And good Duilio, the couch potato; the woman wanted a certain typ, eh! A little ' ... She bit her li , she was too good to be able to pronounce aloud. She was too hot. She remembered when he was in a taxi to the airport. Almost an omen. Margherita gardens was their meeting place. The first time and then more. Hand in hand , telling, between avenues of Plane trees, in the grove of oak trees to sit on the grass shaven, among the cypress trees leads along the bank of small lake from the edges of plaster, they fell in love. Sitting at the table to taste the ice cream from the cup, he spoke of the Barcarolle and Minuets, pinched and arpeggios, and occasionally brushed her lips closed with a kiss elegant. She loved him in lightness as certain interests or books that accompany a life and do not trade with anyone. She felt so fulfilled. She thought it was that, love.
In the bathroom, threw cold water on his face. She wiped the white linen towel from the initials embroidered on the edge of the hotel. Ironically, at that time the radio broadcast Sevilla, played by Andes Segovia on guitar. Duilio also played with the talent. Too bad that did not have the same talent to interpret his life with her. She looked in the mirror over the sink. Horrendous. Suddenly she saw ugly and old. The years passed without a lasting relationship. She was getting old alone, no one really liked. She tried a lifeline. His father could not reassure her in that case.
She had to think quickly to something very beautiful and sensual: Ross, blacks irresistible eyes, curly hair and gleaming marble buttocks. The phone rang again, who wanted more? "Yes, who is it, do you need?" The hoarse voice, sore. "I'm Marco, you're fine?"Marco had not given us peace, continued to mull over. He felt guilty, he had warned of the threat to the pearl at the wrist, and it was also a bit ' scary. He had a kind of revulsion to the idea of confronting someone. He did not even throw a punch. Needed to be addressed, not only the wanted close.
"I'm fine, tell me," With you, shortened distances. "Please, you have to come with me; I'll take you to a place tonight; we have dinner together, I know a local sympathetic, eating, listening to music "."All right" Distracted, have fun, meet new people, that was not the recipe to forget the disappointments of love? She would have done so too.
***
Carbon Burning
13 August, Saturday night
Marco pointed to the taxi to leave the waterfront. They walked watching the sunset on the horizon. The sun plunged into the sea. The stunning coastline speckled with rocks and reefs are marine opened in the vicinity of two huge rocks near the green like a hug. They stopped. "They call them the pitfalls of love, it seems that they kiss." Marco offered her his arm. She agreed. The head was elsewhere. Now they had stopped and he cinched the waist with one arm and hand resting lightly at his side. "Tonight we are lucky, I can feel it , you see the green ray , here , look at it, the time is near " "Ah, yes, a ray of light in the sea that looks exactly when the sun sends the fading afterglow" of this phenomenon spoke brochures. He rested his cheek on his temple. Trizia found that pleasant touch as delicate as the scent of his cologne. The green ray, not even a sign. The sun dipped in the green of the sea and disappeared while Mark gave her a quick kiss on the lips.
"Marco, do not do this" Trizia including tenderness, could not get irritated by that excess. She liked it. His kiss was gentle and romantic as the sun set just seen. "We are no longer boys". He could not explain to her why everything had to be complicated. "Trizia, I like you "She was silent."I think I'll be nice, what's stopping you? "Trizia thought it looked like Duilio; enough, it took more sprints, more passion. It was not her intention to offend him and flew over. "I appetite, we go to dinner?" He did not understand. She looked at him with gentle eyes. Then she took him by the arm and made his show the way.
At the local hot coals, the tables were almost all booked. Trizia and Marco had to settle for a table very close to the speakers at the piano bar. In many frequented the place to eat a pizza and dancing. The music began while they were at first almost flat and could not exchange two words without shouting. The restaurant is quickly filling them with smoke, the smell of pizza and happy people coming down the track. They danced, laughed. Trizia had given up in conversation, she looked to the ground hopping between sudden flashes of light and shadow. She thought they were all happy and meanwhile sipped robust red wine from a big cup, slowly, but without stopping. Marco was silent; the noise was unbearable for him. He did not remember a lot of people the first time, you estranged. He was getting a nervous breakdown.
Trizia was preoccupied, thinking of the second marriage Duilio and again saw her, with Duilio. "Dr." Ross called her while squirming among a group of young girls from very long hair and big boobs in tight t-shirts. "Trizia narrowed his eyes to look" "Ross" and waved an arm. Red wine began to take effect. Marco awoke from slumber seeing his momentum. "Ma'am is that we love to dance," "Marco, what are you doing?" "No, you go" Ross was waiting in the middle of the track and were soon sucked into the vortex has arisen to the sound of music.
Mark followed her, his chin resting in the palm and eyed among the lights that blinded him. She moved, on long slender legs, and enjoyed. It was tasty look. At least they returned happy. He was not so fit between the confusion. Better to wait for it to get bored. He ordered a coffee and a digestive, swordfish did not go down.
***
Trizia and Ross
August 14, Sunday morning
Trizia was near the swimming pool of sea water, but he saw that his usual bed was already occupied. Too bad, she thought, had not some book, but the closer she got, the more that was familiar curly tail hanging to the side of the neck on the shoulder stout. "Ross, you know that this is my couch?" She used to him on the plane, was not strong in the bar. Ross lifted. The mighty flexors and adductors move. He looked at her half-closed eyes dazzled by the sun. "Madam, Good day, what are you doing here?" He lowered her eyes and gaze clung to her beautiful legs elongated. "What are you doing!" "It's my day off, I'll take the sun is not it?" The eyes dragged by the wide hips and ample cleavage. "Ah, well," She pulled out the towel from his bag and in perfect line lay on the bed side. Mistake to give confidence to the cheeky boy that did not take away his eyes off her.
"If you want it" Just do not get angry as the plane was also the customer of the spa park. "No, no" smeared with cream and looking from under glasses, the contours to stalk him. "No lesson today?" "Ah, you know I am an instructor?" He was shot next to her elbow resting on the support to the bust. "Eh" She enjoyed the sight of his chiseled abs. "It does not follow the lesson?" The lungs expanded air to show more. "I'd need" He provoked on purpose. He liked to have beautiful women in the classes, stimulated him to work. Trizia stretched out and there was a shadow on the decolletage with parasol. It was just that cheeky young, she thought. "There is also a gym with stationary bikes, benches, treadmills; I bet you do not even know where he is."
"Quite right "Now she teased him with superiority and indifference." Then you have to see where; let's go" With a downturn also stood up and lifted her grabbing her wrists. "Ah, yes, yes, I'm coming!" He was convincing, might as well play the game. The gym looked out on a thermal pool shallow. It was not far from the bar. At that time there were many customers. She inhaled the pleasant aroma of coffee wafting through the air, but the smell of the cheese toast of the disturbing.
Ross turned the key in the lock. They entered. She looked at the large mirror on the wall and took the opportunity to fix the swimsuit. He started the stereo and the rhythm of the music listed the benefits of the use of various tools. Then he stopped. "Ma'am, this however, you have to try, also has the frequency." She went boldly on the platform. Not even time to put over her foot, which was pushed back backwards. "Attention!" He grabbed her by shooting with feline while she stumbled in its own flip-flops.
The shock of the day before struck again more intense and precise. Across the shoulders, back, groin. Something came to him this time because they would not let her go more. Sandwiched between the mighty arms, the hairy chest and strong against her soft and plentiful. Just a moment, and the soft cheek of him was laid on her, while the breath from the lips of Ross and repeated rhythm in his ear. The lucidity of both was not. It began: as lightning and thunder as rain and wind storm, as Mistral and meerschaum. "Sign, you are a marvel of nature." She sighed, the words were not necessary.
Meanwhile Marco had arrived at the Triton and looked perplexed the two beds side by side occupied by towels. He recognized to Trizia. He looked at the pool, but did not see her. He sat down on the deck. Maybe it was soaked in a water spa. The still waited. He grew impatient. He stood up and looked around. Or was it at the bar. He walked. Trizia, out of the gym, the hair tawny decomposed as the straps of her suit, slipped rapidly into the locker room. Marco took time to see a red hair, he was not sure it was her. He went to the bar. Shortly after Ross was behind and to the left and then passed him without deigning to look. He went in the direction of the bar. Marco came and sat not far from him. He ordered a coffee. In the meantime looked at him sideways, if she turned towards him, greeted him. Instead, he was the assistant lifeguard Ross to greet with a hearty pat on the back. "Uh, Rosal ogg nu ' stavi libbero?" (Hey Ross today were not free?)
"Eh!" He nodded his head. He prepared. The teasing was on the agenda between them. "Va' bbu, then you were doing something entirely different, nu ' yes you extraordinary? " (Okay, so you did the extraordinary, you're amazing?) Was jealous of Ross, he, a dark and stocky little man, it was heavy work, his hands were rough and calloused. "What do you care, none of your " "You have na hot head , statt'accuort ' guagli , risks," He urged . The Italian language was for conversations with customers. What they were saying among themselves, they preferred to make that clear as possible, and they succeeded very well. "What wilt ' to me? " (What do you want from me?) He was half-serious to the game as he pushed him away. "Uh, because you are touchy, do you think that you do not see?" Shook her hips.
"Good Ross" satisfaction was laughing with open mouth. Meanwhile, Marco was too close not to hear. He understood little of what they said, but the tone of the two, was making up the blood to the head, ear lobes were of fire. "It comm' , dimmllo , I think cold " ( and it is, tell me, it seems to me cold) is embraced by only crossed by chills. "Useless, that is nu volcano, Vesuvius in chains , you got mo " ( No, she is a volcano, Vesuvius in holds, do you understand now) he open palms of the hands turned and shook from the bottom up and then draw his features.
"Now add to the collection of beautiful figurines" He laughed hoarsely. "Lower  voice!" Gesture as if to silence him with his hand. Marco, a step away from him, staring at him with eyes as sharp as a scalpel by three-quarters and ruminated at the speed of light: the clumsy explanation , fiery, Trizia and this, I do the court for a week, a frosty kiss. The view multiplicity among the fumes of jealousy and those who came up from the cup before boiling. How? He repeated, I have made them meet and dance together. And this has, you frieze of conquest? Seethed with anger as he said: "I've got it right?" Ross looked ready to attack if he had not understood the "none of your concern" included. Marco's anger was kindled more without a response. He hopped on her legs stiffened, his fists clenched directed toward the floor, but he knew that he would never get up. He raised his voice instead. The lifeguard will defile. "Moderate your tone!" said Ross and touched by controlling the strength of his biceps. Marco found himself leaning to the counter balance. Tourists went. Someone commented. It is impossible not to hear them from a distance. Trizia exit from the locker room, she recognized their voices, distinguished every syllable uttered by Marco. She went to them, and his gaze sharpened ice heading straight into that of Marco confused by the rancor. "Calm down, you check, you disappoint me" I pushed aside by grasping the arm strength to get it back on itself. Then he turned and slipped away quickly without looking back.
The heat had melted away as suddenly happens to the marine tornadoes that load off of the headlands and scary even to look at them from the mainland, and then suddenly you download and disappear. Some die in a scary bang, without doing damage. Marco threw coins on the counter and walked out. The lifeguard informed that the personnel officer was coming, Ross stood there waiting for him.
In the late afternoon, Trizia received a huge bundle of red and white roses. Marco sent. There was also a ticket. He invited her to go up with him in the mountains, to see the fireworks. The next day was August. He gave her a big hug with affection. She had not realized that it could be so jealous of her. She could understand his outburst, but his way of thinking. The holiday was now at the end, because they hold a grudge? Nobody always does what is right. He had to be driven by anger. Marco had chosen a very polite way of apologizing to her. She smelled the roses. Thirty-six fresh roses. For a long time did not receive roses. The gallant men were dying. She accepted his apology. She accepted his invitation.
***
Stephen Trombley
August 15, Thursday, 15:00
The Fair began at seven in the evening. Street vendors with their stalls, dances, food stalls, and entertainment on the stage mounted in the center of piazza. Trombley expect many customers in the store in the afternoon. He wanted to prepare fresh sandwiches with ham and cheese, so, without even lower the blind, to fifteen was already in the car and in the vicinity of his shop. In front of his shop window the street was clear out, at that time, with the infernal heat, there was none. He pulled over to the curb and slipped into reverse to park better. Someone was there though; there was this shady individual he knew only too well. He waved. What was he doing in front of his shop window? He had not done enough already? He did not realize that it was only a measly? He did not think more, the foot pushed deep into the accelerator, and the car jumped in behind scoured . The window shattered, trays of tortellini soup and imperial, noodles and noodles bounced into the air and scattered on the floor, along with plastic bumpers and taillights. Brawn, cheeses, sausages, they were hung dangling between inside and outside the store over the gap of the window. Stephen bounced forward, took shelter with his hands as he slammed her face against the steering wheel. The packaging of canapes with ham and mayonnaise that had rested on the seat right on the mat and slipped between the pedals. "What have I done" She was crying. His legs were shaking. He had the courage to get out of the car. You could see the scene in front of the old crushed between his coupe and its showcase. Rearview mirror right tried the trail of blood down the slope of the sidewalk. The sidewalk was clean. He got out and looked at it. Behind, under, even beyond the window that the blow had not thrown inside, toward the back. There was none. The window and its contents were completely gone to air. It was a crowd of onlookers. Someone had called the firefighters, the town hall was on the other side of the square. He arrived in a bicycle traffic warden. Stephen said that he had slipped his foot during the maneuver. He had pressed the accelerator instead of the brake. He had a fine. He began counting the damage.
***
Emiliana and Stephen
August 15th, late afternoon
The trolley bus pulled up along busy hissing and sparking in the trolley. He flung open the doors between puffs of smelly tires overheated, stale perfume mixed with sweat. Emiliana came down through the crowd to stop the Piazza San Lazzaro. She had struggled against depression dawn, forced himself to get out, stay in the company, it was still August. She was leafing through the phone book browsing the few names of acquaintances, but she was certain that none of them had remained in the city. She also found the phone number of Stephen, he was perhaps the only reasons to stay at home, even to the store. Stephen had met years earlier at the public library. Followed the same course of studies on local finds from the Palaeolithic to the Villanovan culture, preserved in the Archaeological Museum. They were frequented, the summer also invited to the Fair and was amused. She liked the way you do Stephen. He was polite, courteous, curious, cultivated many interests. Maybe something would be born among them. He wanted to go beyond simple friendship, but she resisted. She sensed something is not clear, not fluid in him. Ambiguous, yes, there was something ambiguous. Sometimes the dark side of his personality put them anxiety. They lost sight of. Of course he was in the store, and she could not take any more than talk to him. I wonder if they will pretend not to know. That figure would make her. It was not the type to go after men. Maybe he would have received with kindness. To this he thought as he moved to the side of City Hall, between the bell tower and the porch, in the flow of people between stalls set up. A few steps and reached the store. Suddenly he saw the disaster. Pieces of glass everywhere, among the shelves turned inside out, upside down between the trays, including fresh pasta and mayonnaise on the floor. Two stray cats in a corner, behind the door, vied for a slice of salami, between puffs and verses. Inside, Stefano busy to rearrange food remains turned. Emiliana had no trouble in recognizing him, had not changed. "Stephen, what a disaster, that what happened to you?" Even Stephen recognized her, and his eyes softened. "Emiliana, what a surprise, as ever in these parts? " He spoke in spurts, but in a tone of affection. "What happened" "... An accident with the car ..." "He hit right in the window, who was?" Emiliana asked. Stephen was silent. She leaned against the counter. "Emiliana, I find you in shape!" He nodded and put a smile in the corner of the bin. She confined two rebel brown tufts behind the ears. Do not pick up the compliment. "Do not be evasive." Trombley relaxed on the modulation persuasive. In the end, needed to vent to someone. Maybe it was better to do with her that had nothing to do all its reality. Then it was time for that secret came out from his lips. He said, grabbing the remote. "I was guilty of this disaster," Her eyes widened in disbelief. "Did you feel bad?" Could not read more than the fact that in terms of health and disease. "No, it happened to me as I parked the car in front of the store." She invites him to continue with a blink of an eye. "I saw it and I thought you know what, you delete it and rid of the nightmare" Instinctively, she took his hand in hers and squeezed it hard. Also with words of hatred in her mouth, which she perceived him as a frail, angry child, but not brutal man.
"That man, I was still a kid, he lent attention in the back of the store." He dropped his hand and motioned to the back room. He had no intention of telling her in detail. He would tell of when the individual sent his father to deliver a large quantity of hams and with the excuse of waiting for the store to pay the bill, he had approached.
With her, he could not get down in the gory details. She was too reserved, too polite. He still remembered when he took advantage of the dancing in the square, he had close to him. He had taken her by the hips and tried to kiss her on the mouth. All hell broke loose, had stiffened, seemed to embrace a piece of iron. He wiped the sweat that fell from the sides of the bases. Shooting. "From that day on, my life has changed, I have not told anyone, not even to my parents," "Why do not you just say to your father?"
" I was ashamed, I felt guilty; when I was trying to silence the shame and tried to talk to my dad, he was never willing to listen to me, he was always busy, always had the biggest problems of my; his needs are always come before mine, life is spent well, he died without knowing anything." Stephen ran a hand over his face flushed and rubbed his eye. "This afternoon I wanted to end this story, I could see only his wicked grin that I winked" He paused, his temples throbbed. "I had her image before my eyes, I hit the" Now he realized that he had been lucky. Now he understood that nothing would restore his teenage years, that the death of a man is not repaid him. He envied the sweetness of Emilia. She had the good fortune of faith. From the square to the store, echoing the words and music, going to and fro, swinging to the rhythm of ballroom dancing. The crowd thronged in front of the store also Trombley, was ready to watch the show . Emiliana found in himself the strength of the spirit of Mary. "Hey Stephen, the past is behind us, we can never return; all we have to encourage ourselves: look forward, give the best of ourselves, have mercy; all of you are wrong, we are human, we are dominated by passions, pain, desires, do not always have good feelings; believe me , I've had time to reflect on what life and death will take us all to the end and this should not make us want to hurt the other, but their joy; we must give the best of ourselves for the good of all." Stephen remembered not so reflective. He remembered her as a girl devoted to merriment, to a certain moderate -heartedness, a certain irony wise. The recognized only in one thing, that when he started with the sermon, it was better to escape. He did not have at that time, because she had exhausted the emotional and action was coming to an end. "Now I'll help you clean up the shop and then we go to dinner; I remember that polenta with sausage gravy and it was delicious, the cook again?" "Of course, with my sausage, I am the supplier!" His accent Emilia had the smell of sausages. The square thickened. They realized now that the curious passers-by turned round to look at the disaster and them. They lowered the gate from the inside.
***
Trizia and Marco Epomeo
August 15 Monday afternoon
In the late afternoon with the taxi they arrived at the midway point, with the advice to go up by mule, that the road was long and arduous. Shortly after, they were already on the narrow and steep path. They mounted and dismounted from the mules a few minutes from the summit. The slim, cool breeze fragrant Mediterranean and yellow wild flowers plus color charges for grazing rays of sunset, lit their curiosity and drove them to climb the steep steps of the race. They reached the top of the mountain of tufa, flushed face, dry mouth and breath zeroed in front of the breathtaking view.
The view flowed from the islands to the open sea , the bays wrapped in lights on sunset. It was the time when the red sky quickly left the scene of the first stars of the evening and the darkness of the night. They were there to witness the spectacle of fireworks, on the occasion of the Assumption. They spent the night under the stars until dawn. The departure was in the early afternoon, would have made it in time. So they waited for the fireworks together with other tourists, including a group and the local guide, equipped with all point to the bivouac. They settled on their cots fitted with woolen cloth. Marco, not quite out yet embarrassment to the scene of jealousy of the day before and the negative opinion expressed by her against him, sought the right modulation of the conversation beyond the thought that gripped him: "She'll be with me!" It was not really willing to choke on that idea. He adjusted his voice low and sweet tones that were better. "This evening was beautiful and warm; we were lucky to find such clarity; I'm worried about the gusts that are coming up, if the wind picks up, there will be a fireworks show." Lying on his back, staring at the black sky and sought inspiration: "The Epomeo has a long history" She was at his side, but it was as if he were not there. Just under the vault of heaven wonderful, his mind slipped out details of her and Ross. Still she twitching. Then, the fireworks exploded in succession, the first lens and the individual, and after rapid close, drawing the sky lighting effects of various colors. "There he is" said Marco, from time to time, indicating one who seemed to him the most beautiful, moving a gesture in the air.
She followed them, attracted by the light trails, but before his eyes there was only Ross, with his body, with its warmth. She still felt that heat. She had never experienced anything like this in his life. Too bad it cannot even tell Carla, would not have lost time, the friend, to change opinion about her, she would have listed among those who never miss a chance. While she knew that was not so. No one had passed that particular emotion. Ross had given him, and took, and gave, with warmth that had surrounded it all. Pounded his hand on the canvas cot, was a gesture of annoyance and disappointment. Duilio had loved her in the deepest sense of the word, and yet, with him had never experienced anything like this. Cold, yes, in the report, Duilio cooled and deadened every passion.
Quite the opposite of Ross, his skin smelled of sea salt and sent to a crescendo, a whole world of emotions. Ross was pure body expression. Meanwhile, Marco had noticed his silence. He saw her absent, but at the same time he felt drawn to her like a small nail is attracted by a giant magnet. The fires were apotheosis. He went on with his arm raised in the sky, another rocket. Had exploded in silver ribbons and points of light fluffy; deliberately, he fell flat on her, and his face buried in her breasts. Trizia parried the fall with all the strength of his arms and pointed a knee there, lower abdomen, where it hurts most. He rolled over in his bed.
"Are you crazy, for those who got me, do not let "Now she adjusted the cloth to completely cover the shoulders throwing flames of anger." You did not understand anything about me," she thought, turning the shoulders. Marco brooded. Enough, enough now, he had lost his patience, they came to this country both Trizia and Ross. He turned away.
The fires broke out almost everywhere, exploding barrels infernal roar echoes long to the sides of the mountain. They went again the parables of the rockets, the waterfalls of stars and sparks, and the blooms of color. Then a loud bang more and it was all over. They swooped in darkness and silence. The moon was down. They tried to sleep. The vacation ended that night. They fell asleep wrapped in their shoes, shot on opposite sides.
The wind, from noon reinforced. Intermittent gusts swept the sea and went back shaking their hammocks. They slept a restless sleep, the aurora had colored the horizon rose and was leaving the place at dawn, when the nostrils were filled with all burnt. The atavistic, primordial warning they awoke with a start. The tourists looked around worried. Trizia jumped up. She was alarmed. She looked. Red smoke further down a plane and proceeded over their heads. The forest was in flames. Smoking and high tongues of fire. "What do we do?" The local guide, informed that the danger was not immediate, was only the smoke, the plane would have extinguished the fire. Still, it was better to go down. Trizia saw that Marco was heading for the stairs in the company of other tourists and avoided to achieve it. She stood next to the guide. She was scared, but the meaning of the work well.
She felt the burn the Mediterranean, between smell and aroma of resins, including squeaks, rattles and sudden crashes. She heard them in their ears like moans and cries of tortured beings. She suffered with them. She thought about the variety of birds and mammals in danger and sentenced to death. Now all breathing, coughing, like rivulets down to the creek, fast, with a handkerchief carried to the mouth every so often, Trizia continued to fall, a little later there was Marco. Bees buzzing around. He spun about himself and waving his hands in doing so invited them to attack more. Trizia slowed his pace; he did not even want to speak to him. 
***
At the fair of St. Lazzaro
August 15, Monday evening
Now a lot of people, ordering, filling trays, sat at the table selected.
Emiliana and Stephen did the same. They were loaded with food, a carafe of white wine, and made their way through the crowd to find a suitable place to witness the spectacle that was about to begin. Passed between the rows of tables clutching the tray not to spill it. Smells of grilled, chopped onion browned by the Bolognese sauce, mingled with Char burning, ladies perfume, which is poured wine from the carboys. Finally found a place in a corner almost behind the scenes, behind the first row of tables. He sat down between chatter among squeal of rocking chairs on uneven cement, tablecloths of paper rustling between plates and plastic cups creaky, alternating between smooth music to pop. "I did a lot of good I can vent with you, I wanted to tell you" She was silent, her head spinning. Meanwhile, Stephen turned his gaze farther and found himself thinking how small the world and how everything converged to irritate that in mid-August. Ha had recognized at a table the secretary of Stanzani. He told her the shop and worked there as always. His father gave him space for entertainment. If needed, the afternoon, back to school, he was in the store and even in the summer. He made him feel guilty and he got what he wanted. When his father bought the store, I'll made payable, but the aim was to force him to work steadily. grocer had become so too. Emiliana now let him speak, she felt that it was good romp and a shoulder to cry she could not deny it to anyone. Stephen continued. He told her that he had always been very apprehensive in his life. He was an only child, his parents were advanced in years when he was conceived and raised in the belief that he was born by mistake and therefore unpopular. Every situation that was difficult to deal with, he thought it was because of how he was brought up to his parents: " Do not you see how many sacrifices we make for you, one day it will all be yours." He was different, he loved to study, he wanted to travel, spend money on modern equipment and get a luxury car. Instead he had not had a penny in my pocket for several years after he began working steadily in the store, ran his own father. "I have also agreed to buy the damn shop" He gesticulated and they Bolognese aching legs seemed to materialize as soon as casts. Emiliana thought that Stephen needed vacation. She was best he left Bologna for a holiday, could not take any more stories, her and the others. "I have a great need to regain energy, I think that in contact with the sun and the sea I'll feel better; I think I'm going to Naples". She was planning immediately that he could move from Naples to visit the islands of the gulf. If Stephen wanted to go on vacation with her, he would not have refused, the holiday could make him just fine. Trombley was not one to grasp implied. "Oh, you go back in your part," replied the other hand, without malice, but without some finesse. Emiliana if it was not bad, not misunderstood, it was since he had had the use of reason to feel that she had to ask ' where are you from?' Every time she used his last name or when stared with a little attention. It's true, as a child, through adolescence, she had resented, but now there was more chance. She made no distinction of origin, each person was unique, not easily categorized. Even she was. Sometimes it was hard, restless, or romantic and understanding. Always in love with everything that was good and expression of human ingenuity. At this thought when a familiar voice was calling to her face and a known came forward out of the crowd dancing in the square. Emiliana recognized him right away, even if that was not met by the college years. "Hello". Paul approached, but she had no pleasure to present Trombley. He got up quickly. "Stephen there's a friend of my party" "Okay," replied Stephen nodded, raised his eyes again and this time he saw Simon, the secretary, the sent a wave from afar, had recognized him. Trombley began to think of his bureaucratic practice and the chance to win the appeal.
Simon was at the table with the girlfriend, a slender graceful girl. Now the story of how this strange subject, agitated and anxious was the office of the Stanzani, his boss, that "squeezes balls" called her and told her about what had wrong with thinking that a woman could take it more calmly at work. She complained to her that the Stanzani not granted him a moment's respite, and told that three days earlier, had called him to the office for some details of the practice of Trombley and that certainly was an excuse, it was just to check if he had gone to office. Simon noted at that time that the work haunted him even in August, because there was no longer refers to Carla and girlfriend. "Today's expansion of Stanzani around me, there is also her friend Carla, I know because sometimes came to the office."
Carla did not realize Simon was engaged to convince his parents that the rabbit sauce was good, just like the previous year. Meanwhile, she thought she would have done better to put them in a nursing home for the holidays and to go to Ischia with Trizia, that no matter how irritated the new marriage Duilio, the phone had appeared too cryptic, it was a new lover? Would suspect that mattered to him Trizia not always right. Meanwhile, ballroom dancing was over. There was a pause. It was just before the beginning of the show. Emiliana had reached and Paul was sitting at the bar on the other side of the square. They want to talk about how they had achieved in life after his studies and how he had lost sight of and how to work commitments away. Then he went down to the staff and discovered that both were not yet built a family. Emiliana also wanted to know of Posillipo. He still had parents who lived there. She searched his memory of sweet and fun girl, those few moments they had lived together. He was a graduate in Engineering and he found himself very well in the city, so much so that he returned to Naples after he had an office in the center of Bologna. Emiliana knew he sang and accompanied himself on the guitar. She had not forgotten that summer, at the home of Paul. On the terrace, the crisp breeze, with the sun already over the hill of Posillipo , when the sea becomes blue and the houses at the foot of Vesuvius more distinct , they invented the music and the words of a song. I wonder if he still remembered it. She intoned: "Looking in your eyes ..." He finished: "... I found loving you ..." " And then," asked Emiliana, but both had forgotten. "Come with me to Capri, my parents would be happy to see you again" "Me? In Capri? "An ancient light of curiosity and amusement lit from the bottom of the eyes off. Paul shook her hand. "Then we are agreed," he added. "I think about it and let you know," said Emiliana and added: "A beautiful holiday in my part, as Trombley says, can only be good for me," she smiled. Paul had no idea what he meant, but did not pay much attention, now thought only to take her with him on vacation.
***
Trizia and Mark return home
August 16, Tuesday afternoon
The hour ticked past fifteen.
Trizia and Marco arrived on time, in the lobby of the hotel, with bags packed and waiting for each supported at the opposite end of the same bench of acceptance. Soon after came their escort, the one that he had picked up at the airport. She wore the same uniform, but more wrinkled then. She was expecting the usual tourists. When half an hour later, finally arrived nearly everyone, she cleared his nasal voice and explained the situation, shouting, now that she was instinctively. "Have you seen today's windy and the sea is agitated; just now, but the more you delay the more you risk; we have to hurry and see if the hydrofoil part yet, otherwise we have to take the ferry".
The visitors did not give much importance to his words. They were struggling with the bags do not forget, the last gift to be placed in the bags, postcards from the bellboy to leave the ship, calls for notice to be done at home. Trizia not expecting anyone at home and souvenirs in red hard case, they were packaged so that it would suffer setbacks in the luggage compartment of the plane. She thought that if you could dance a little ' to the sea, was amused. Marco sleepy and offended, others followed like an automaton. The micro taxi had arrived. Trizia thanked the manager for the exquisite and refined hospitality to its customers.
They went out. The waves crashing on the rocks impetuous and disorderly and climbed up to the first steps of the entrance of the hotel, he saw the night of arrival. It seemed they had spent months, not just one week. He felt changed. The island had awakened the innermost part of his being, drowned in daily living of appearance. They arrived quickly at the port and stood under the awning. Trizia was careful about where he was going, did not want to leave his shoe. The guide they gathered. "So, have you seen the sea is worse; now you must take the ferry dock to another; everyone brings his suitcase and be careful."
Hushed mutterings of squeaks and rattles plastic wheels unfit to undergo Shake up on the black volcanic stone lozenges irregular. They skirted the harbor to the sea through the eyes of the ancient submerged crater. From the mainland did not seem so rough. Once at the ferry went up the gangplank lorry. Trucks, cars and light transport were embarking. Between sounds sinister, the ferry swayed left and right while the means brake in his belly and were insured by huge steel hooks.
"Damn it, you can dance for real!" Trizia said. Meanwhile, the guide stopped the benches of the wrappers and aft, and left that tourists disperse between the inside and the outside. Trizia wanted to give a final farewell to the island and watch the sea for as long as possible. She sat on a bench. Marco remained distant from her. A bus went up and he was chained. Groups went up the ladder and they settled at long tables with benches, as in the brewery. The siren sounded the last cry. The moorings were giving it up. The anchor was hoisted. The ferry maneuvered back to front, back, half turn and then off to catch the sea outside the harbor in the storm.
The air was so clear to show the gulf islands and the coast in the sun. Surface waves, high and irregular, slapping the boat from all sides. Trizia was held stable fatigue attached in the back: "I sailed, know their stuff: sea captains are scrupulous, careful, and capable." She watched the tourists who were laughing and talking at the tables. They had bought many beers and occasionally he poured into glasses and sipped. Marco began to feel nauseous and turned away to take the air on his face.
The ferry was pushed to cross the open sea. A wave higher and more powerful struck the side of the hull at the bow and hijacked. Bottles , glasses, inline objects tumbled on the quarterdeck , crunches, sizzling, sounds of breaking glass and comments in a low voice. Now the ferry resumed his route and forcing Rolling engines. The wind was reinforced. Now the stern and the bow were made to rise and fall as opposite ends of a seesaw. Trizia followed the horizon, thus counteracting the imbalance of dizziness scar on his ear. Staring out, bobbing up and down like an insect caught in the blades. In a moment went by to see, almost under his feet, the sea cobalt blue, gray and green in the distance and then the white foam and then land on the horizon and the blue sky and clouds thin, then even have time to recover by rocking the bow that already resurfaced and sky and horizon, and the blue sea below and hope not to end up in it, forever.
Trizia was thrilled, excited and scared as ever, but there were those who needed his comfort that he was worse than her. Marco slumped on the bench, was in the throes of an obvious motion sickness . Him tenderly. Although he was alone. Approached him offering him support. " What does faints? " The strong wind rubbing her words and her red hair. "Do not tell me about it," replied folded in two. "Oh, he thought to make a will?" Laughed sadistic, at times he could not help himself. It looked better in the face. One eye was swollen toad.
"What did you do to your eye?" Sputtered thin tuft, the wind had put in his mouth. "Nothing, nothing, an encounter with a bee" It made him very ill, but he would not have confessed. She ran a giggle throat. "Come on, that the worst is over; look there, Naples; how beautiful; you do not say - See Naples and then die - " Marco snapped clutching his thighs, knees knocking.
The ferry went along the promontory of Posillipo. Ahead of them flowed the beautiful green areas, dotted with villas, gorges, caves and cliffs beaten by the wave, then the sumptuous buildings Bourbon, the promenade and the pier soon. The guide appeared. "Have you seen what happens: the sea is calm first and then ... No one threw up, right?" She paused with a look at the woman in skirt and jacket, holding his mouth with a paper towel. She continued: "Now you go up and the ferry moored on the bus that takes you to the airport; I wish you a good trip and I'll wait another year, goodbye."
Trizia listened stretching the dress flax rust that the damp sea salt was crumpled like an accordion bellows. She felt sad and empty. The holidays had come to an end. She thought it was bad to lose his friendship. A little ' if it was sought the reaction insolent of him, should have been more explicit. "His company was very pleasant, I have to thank; I spent an interesting vacation; because I do not see you; we can go to museums together." He looked at her and shook his head. She continued: "Call me, my studio is on the list ." Mark looked at her puzzled. He was destabilized. Well, after all his toil had made, in part. We would have done a little thought. Yes, a little thought. In his own way, of course.
Meanwhile they landed lenses. Trizia boarded the bus and sat in a window toward the bay and Vesuvius. Beautiful, she thought. His last thought, however, was to children and simple people he had met. The bus was now full. It was already boarding the lady on crutches. Trizia noticed that he walked very, very best. She thought to reinvigorating baths taken in the warm waters of the spa park and rising up from the bay. "A slice of heaven" let out. She immediately noticed the happy smile of him, while pointing. Then smiled and raised his voice. "Is just a slice of heaven; do not you think?"
End
Thank you for reading.
If you enjoyed this book, then encourage your friends to download their own copy.
About me:
My blogs: WriterNancy
http://scriverebynancy.blogspot.it/
In Divenire
http://blog.libero.it/ScriverebyNancy/view.php
On You Tube Scrittrice Nancy http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqo6OWEl0oulV8yjuSkY3VA
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/WRITERNC

