Future of the Earth: The Linchpin

J.G. Contor

Copyright by Jacob Glenn Contor 2013

Ebook published by smashwords.com

PROLOGUE

ANDER 325: over six hundred years after mankind stepped on another planet, their technology of interstellar travel grew exponentially. The first humans stepped onto a planet orbiting another star in the year 2706, where they met the inhabitants of that planet; a planet the inhabitants call Daegra. The people of Daegra worshipped these star farers as gods, and the human influence on the Daegran population revolutionized their culture and technology. Overnight the Daegran species went from little scientific achievement to an integrated and intergalactic culture. 
After years of close proximity living, scientific exchange, and massive cultural disillusionment, Daegran factions broke peaceful relationships with the human presence on their home planet. Their goal was to eliminate the human intervention. In the year 2744, war broke out on Daegra. War crimes littered with brutality brimmed with hate and malice, and the Daegrans forced their previous alliestheir godsoff their planet, and back into space from which they came.
In the year 2781, the Interplanetary Military Force Command regrouped their ships at home in the Sol system. The Confederated System of Planets declared all relations, military or political, at an end with the system and species of Daegra. Unable to subdue their trans-galactic nemeses, all military action and effort to contain the Daegran was abandoned. They left the foreign system with their power and technology, leaving their foes isolated by time and distance.
A heritage of bitter war across light-years, was handed down to the generations which followed, and claimed the lives of millions, human and Daegran alike. But the Daegrans did not perceive the human fallback as the end, and lived in fear of their return. Using stolen human technology, Daegran militias launched one final devastating attack. It was their intention, and hope, to end the human race, knowing that if this failed, the cruelty of their former gods would rain extinction down on their own world. 
By the year 2785 the attack from across the stars met Earth in the form of hypermatter explosion. The blast obliterated the central plains of Asia, distributing not just death from the impact, but the cruelty of a released biochemical weapon which was designed to mutate and mangle all organic life on the planet. Millions died instantly, millions more with the radiation, and within the year all life on Earth, even bacteria, ceased to exist. Earth had been evacuated and abandoned. The biological devastation propelled Earth into ecological and climate chaos. Forests dried up and burnt, oceans fouled and festered, and the atmosphere thickened into poisonous fumes of carbon compounds. Those of humanity who could not flee were left to suffer as the Earth spiraled into waste.
Without a stable biosphere, the planet Earth succumbed to horrific storms, uncontrolled erosions, devastating floods, and cataclysmic geographical alterations. Human colonies on the inner planets, space outposts scattered throughout the outer system, space stations, and countless ships harbored humanity in a fragile balance between supply and demand.
By unanimous decision, the Confederated System of Planets Parliament Council began a technological and training campaign to equip an expeditionary force with the tactics, firepower, and intelligence to board their largest defense platform, GSOR, and embark on a journey of retribution, which would end all threats against humanity and with the assignment to destroy the Daegran population. Those sent, of both command, scientific, and soldier, were the intellectually brilliant, biologically supreme, and genetically bred for human superiority. GSOR launched in the thirtieth year of the astronomic calendar.
GSORs five year journey to Daegra ended with humanity orbiting a deserted planet, to find Daegran kind already scattered into the stars. Further directive was given by the Interplanetary Military Force to pursue and explore the local region within the Orion Spur of the Milky Way Galaxy and eliminate any hostile threat, Daegran or otherwise. Hunting the Daegran, GSOR continued into deep space, from planet to planet, and generation after generation, to destroy and avenge the peoples of Earth, and protect Sol from any threat: looking forward the time they could return home heroes

PART 1:
The Human Condition

CHAPTER 1: DAY IN AND DAY OUT

1DRUMMER, I DONT GET IT. IF WERE GOING TO HARVEST THE PLANET WHY DO we spend so much time torching it?  
Yeah well, you know how jimmies like to fly, low slow and with guns blazing, said Drummer. Besides, the bio teams only need one sample of everything to re-grow it in the savers anyway. What does it matter if we trudge through black all day?
Just seems like a waste of time.
The two members of Tiki Squadron were walking across ground that had been buzzed by raptors until it was black burnt rock for kilometers in every direction. The burnt ground crackled and crunched under their weight. The coals and ash were turning their boots black, but that was all part of the job. For the second stage of planetary occupation, everything was as it should be. They walked on, fifty meters apart, scanning for life, or signs of it.
Each planet had its own unique annoyances: hostile species, airborne pathogens, parasite fungi, or whatever else might create problems for ground patrols. Sterilization protocol was followed to the letter. The AOSF Raptor fighters flew over before ground patrols marched in to make the playing field even. This planet, P325O, was denser than ship gravity, and the extra g was all part of the planets charm. Command didnt care. No matter how many gs above normal gravity it was, they had the usual shift, the usual hours, the usual time frames, and the usual procedure. The climate was desert and grass land, there wasnt a single other species in sight, and theyd walked for eight hours and found nothing. Perhaps it was the early beta stage bombardment that scared the slunks away. Now during mopping, they, in connection with the other one hundred and twenty-four battalions sweep the planet for hostile life, clear it, and mop up whatever the jimmies missed. After that it was protecting delta stage: the harvest. 
Hopper, Drummer called out. Contact.
Hopper turned left to see Drummer beside a pile of smoldering slime.
What do you think of this crazy piece of gata Drummer said. He was using his foot to prod the smoldering alien creature carcass caught in the plasma storm the jimmies laid down. There wasnt much to identify left: a few leg-like appendages, a half blown away shell-like body, and the muck not burnt was orange.
That is one ugly slunk if you ask me, Hopper said. Not much left.
There isnt anything left. I love mopping after the Jimmies go ballistic. Drummer kicked it hard. Makes walking weird rocks easier and less hazardous to my health.
Theres another one, Hopper said pointing to their ninety degrees. Together, they walked on in their assigned recon direction. I heard an interesting thing the other day, Hopper continued; My sister, Gailynn, is on the science review board with Kelly.
Really? Drummer said. All this time you and me working together, and we didnt know that?
I think its a recent development with Gailynns transfer to anthropology, Hopper replied. 
Kelly hasnt said a thing about it.
Well Gailynn says they get along great. How is Kelly doing anyway?
Doing well, said Drummer. She has the alien food gourmet down to a science.
Ha, I bet she does, Hopper said. Is she still the botanist team leader for the hybrid theory?
Yeah, Drummer said. Yeah she has an actual career. She works the entire time Im on station. Then before we ship out to mop, she has her off duty time.
Thats tough, Hopper said. You two still on the infant waiting list?
Yup, weve moved up to thirty first, Drummer said. Every ander doctors make living longer easier for everyone, so waiting to have a kid becomes longer too.
Its good though, Hopper said. I mean its good you two are willing to step up and go through the effort to have kids. Most people dont want to wait, and forego the idea completely. I think you two could have fun with kids.
Yeah waiting is definitely a Drummer stopped walking and snapped his head to the right. I have a proximity alert on the motion tracker.
We got an incoming? Hopper, had his motion tracker active, heard his motion tracker ping, but did nothing.
Dont youoh yeah, you still dont trust your visor with all your phantom readings on your personal display system, said Drummer. Havent you had your gear checked out yet?
Quartermaster says nothings wrong with my PDS, said Hopper, and took his sniper rifle off his shoulder. But what about the slunk? Do you have a range?
An incoming slunk bearing twenty-five degrees north north-east, at just inside one tare, Drummer said. Helmets personal display system fed information straight to his visor. Motion trackers detected anything inside of one thousand meters. Close enough to be a problem, but does it want to dance?
How many?
One so far; could be a scout. Drummer was given new statistics as the slunk neared. Speed fifteen tares per hour and if its current course is held he will pass us about twenty marks north.
Itll see us if we dont activate bubble camo, Hopper said. The last planet they were on had lighting fast slunks that crawled in tree tops and jumped on patrols, not to mention sinking their teeth into the metal of the rifles. The electromagnetic field projection was used everywhere to keep from being seen.  Im calling it in. 
His eyes moved over to his visors heads-up-display and activated his direct line to the command center. Winthrop Outpost this is Tiki Squadron recon unit zero-four, Tech Sergeants Harlin and Dean. We have an incoming slunk coming at twenty-five degrees, and its course will bring it as close as
Two hundred meters, Drummer read.
Two hundred meters, Hopper said. Please advise course of action.
We read you Tech Sergeant Harlin: Hopper, congratulations. Youre the first to report a live encounter on this rock, said Command Sergeant Major Waites familiar voice. Does it appear hostile?
Unknown sir. We have no evidence as to the slunks intentions. It isnt close enough to be a threat, nor does it display any threatening posture.
Understood.
We just torched half their planet, Dean said, but only Harlin could hear his sarcasm. Id be pissed to trit if something had done this to my planet.
You have a kill order, Major Waite said. 
Sir, there doesnt appear to be any hostile intentions, Harlin reaffirmed.
Down the target, secure the kill site, and send a message once when the objective is complete, ordered Waite. We need a carcass for the biologists.
Copy that, standby. Harlin pushed aside the commlink and looked at Dean. We have a kill order. I guess this is the first one, so bios want something to look at.
How is it the first? Weve been on this planet for ages already and no one else in all hundred and twenty-five battle-groups has seen life?
Jimmies are better every planet, Harlin replied. Give me a bearing.
Its over the ridge at nine-hundred-fifty marks, and cresting it any jenk, Dean transferred the targets course trajectory projection to Harlins visor so he could get a better read.
Youre not taking the shot? Harlin asked when the information appeared.
Just shoot it, Dean said. Besides, you have the sniper rifle. Ive just have Irma here. He hefted his large heavy machine gun. Adjust your scope for five kilometer an hour wind from the west, and pull the trigger; its a piece of pie.
You already had the trajectory, Harlin said.
I dont any more. I transferred it to you.
We had a kill order.
And we both know youre going to kill it.
Harlin didnt have time to argue. He scanned the horizon for the incoming slunk. He couldnt see much but low grassy hills and a few distant mountains. Then he saw a faint dot bounce up to the top of a closer ridge. He used his visors telescoping power to magnify the image.
That is one interesting slunk, Dean said, utilizing his own optics. If the bios need a specimen, theyre going to have one ugly piece of gata.
Harlin lifted his rifle, and prepared to make the shot off hand. 
Oh come on; pop it off while its running. No big deal, Dean said. Maybe theyll name the slunk after you.
Thats flattering, Harlin said. He pulled the gun in tighter, held the cross-hairs on target, set his elbow firmly into his side, breathed out, and paused. The instruments fed him distance, speed, wind travel, ground temperature, and marked the hold point. Hoppers finger squeezed the trigger, and the gun fired. The recoil rocked him back, but most was absorbed by the rifle. The lethal round traveled the near eight hundred meters in nanoseconds. He waited for the shot-to-impact time delay to pass. The slunk stumbled and rolled dead down the face of the ridge.
Nice off hand, Dean said. He clapped Harlin on the shoulder. Hopper strikes again. Lets go have a look.
The walk to the kill site didnt take long. Once closer, the slunks carcass took a more defined shape and size: about twice the size of a human and twice as fat. The parts confirmed that previous carcass sites were the same creature.  With the skin still attached and the orange goo on the inside, they could tell it was some kind of a long bodied reptilian; covered in a multi-colored scale hide, long tail, short neck, a snout like apparatus hanging off its face, six legs with large pads, wide claws, and bulbous lidless eyes. It was hideous. 
Not very impressive seeing them up close and fresh, Dean said. 
Wheres the bullet entry? Harlin asked. They werent there to do a biopsy; all they wanted to see was where the bullet traveled through the body. If one shot killed it, the tactical information would be helpful if these creatures came in masses. The biologists would come in and tear it apart later and examine every centimeter for the sake of science.
Standard unidentified alien hostileslunktargeting techniques, aim for a central nervous system, Dean said sounding pomp as if he was reading from a text. Typical vertebrate creature nervous system is the back and neck, or in whatever apparatus connects the head to the body.
Thats only assuming the brain is in the head, Harlin pointed out. Or it has a nervous system at all.
Why do you always have to go against the circuits? Dean asked shoving a slunk leg aside. You know the text twice as well as I do, and youre one hell of a shot. Why did you hesitate? He stepped in closer to the animal and pointed to a small hole in the top of the back indicating the entry wound as evidence to his argument. See? Why do you always question what is ninety-nine percent fact?
Its the other one percent which keeps me wary, Harlin said leaning in to look at the entry wound. One of these planets, one of these anders, were going to find a creature we cant kill with bullets or plasma. What are we supposed to do then?
Yeah whatever; Ill worry about that when it happens, Dean said; he took a step back to look at the entire beast. Hey, you want a picture?
I dont know.
Why not? Youre the first one to shot one, other than the Jimmies, and youll be famous with the science geeks, Dean argued. You remember Sergeant Santino dont you? He shot the first tri-ped as a spank and was excused from mopping the rest of the occupation because the biologists commandeered him for scientific questioning.
Dean reached into one of his vest pouches for his camera. He held it up and the imaging beams spread over the area mapping the entire scene out in a grid. Drummer activated the timer, and left it floating in place to take the image. He walked back to Harlin, who had image lines all over him, turned to the camera, and waited for the recording to start. Dean did the narration. This is Tech Sergeant Grant The Hopper Harlin of the Porthos Battalion, Winthrop Company, Tiki Squadron, on first recon mission of planet Dean forgot what planet they were on and looked at Harlin to save him.
Planet 325O.
The sergeant, with his expert aim, has taken down this beast with at a distance of eight hundred seventy plus marks moving fifteen tares per hour with a five bit cross wind, Dean said gesticulating for dramatic effect. This is the first slunk seen alive by mopping infantry, and for the record belongs to Sergeant Harlin.
Dean walked back to the camera, and snatching from the air, slipped it into his pocket. When he looked back, Harlin was crouched and examining some kind of textile object on the ground. What is that?
Some kind of cloth? Harlin didnt know. He touched it; it was stiff, had intricately woven fibers, with tassels and straps. It was shaped as if designed to cover the beast, and was more complicated than any slunk creation hed ever seen. One strap had been broken by the bullet passing through the creature. I think I shot it off.
Their motion trackers raised another alarm. It was loud; the louder the alarm the closer the motion. Trusting the alarm because Dean heard it also, Harlin flung his rifle over his shoulder, pulled his side arm from his thigh holster, and turned to face the motion.
Damn thing is close, Dean said. Inside ten meters.
They surveyed all three hundred and sixty degrees, and narrowed their focus to the motion trackers bearing. There was nothing but tall yellow grass with patches of plasma scars.
Drummer, any contacts? Harlin asked. He hoped it wasnt a slunk inside the one percent, and would go down easy.
It was on my monitor for only a flash. It could be an airborne slunk, a bug, or something else, Dean said.
Awfully big something else: great observation, Harlin replied.
Switching to thermal imaging, Dean said.
Before Dean could make the adjustments to his visor, a rustle in the grass revealed a small, half a meter tall bipedal slunk. His motion tripped the sensors again, but it acted fast. It stood as tall as it could, about one meter, rolled its entire body forward toward Drummer, and with a long appendage hurled an object. The long and narrow projectile sliced through the air at such a high velocity it stuck into Deans chest armor. Dean didnt flinch. He glanced down at the projectile in his armor, back at the slunk, pulled his side arm from a chest holster, aimed, and fired a round. The shot went clean through the center of the slunks body and knocked it over. Deans focus remained on his armor. He gripped the projectile, and yanked it out of the armor; he looked at the damage for a moment and threw the primitive weapon down. Disgusting gata, he said under his breath. Nicks like this in the armor always lead to bigger problems later on. Now Ill have to send it in with an order form and have it fixed.
At least he was only throwing sticks, Harlin said stepping closer to look at the dead creature. It didnt have a head like human biped, but rather its main sensory organs were in its chest. Its legs were large and strong with prehensile toes. Another set of appendages branched from the shoulders, or what would have been the shoulders. They werent long enough to be arms, but looked more antenna with a clasping claw like hand; almost as if, you turned it upside down or right side up, the creature would look the same. This was another slunk for the pile of slunks they had encountered has the anders went by. For Harlin and Dean this was the fifth planet, the seventh system, and the third major slunk population.
Harlin turned his commlink back on to report. Winthrop Outpost this is Tiki-Recon scout unit zero-four.
Copy recon; whats your status? It wasnt the major this time.
The kill site is secured, Harlin said.
Acknowledged Tiki-Recon, good work. Follow up team is inbound, ETA one burk.
Understood, Harlin said, and turned to Dean who was caressing his armor. Just keep rubbing it. Itll come out after a couple of washes.
Go on and laugh, Dean said.
What, it would take a million of those things to do any real damage. Harlin picked up the spear Dean discarded. Still though, really sharp stuff to stick into the armor.
You think that little hum knew my face was the most vulnerable part of my body? Dean asked. Because if he did this, this stick could have gone right through my visor, my eye, or even killed me.
Relax, Harlin said. I dont think it had a chance even if it did hit you in the face.
Sharp, remember? Dean said, pointing at the spear tip and flicking it with his finger.
Ill mention it in the report, Harlin said. Their armor was tough, and if the tip of their darts could stick, it was sharper than the average stone-age weapon. He looked at Dean who continued to rub his battle damage. With my report shall I also mention how you baby your battle scar?
Ill say it was a huge slunk, with great snarling teeth, and it launched fiery darts from its fingertips. Dean was well known for his stories of exaggeration.
Yeah, dress it up however, you like, no one is going to believe that story, Harlin said. He snapped the head off the spear and looked closer. He couldnt tell if it was a tempered metal, or a well polished stone. He opened a pouch on his belt and tucked it inside. Something this unique was worth handing in for analysis, and perhaps by doing so, he could keep a few soldiers from being stabbed to death.
Hold on a minute, Dean said. He and Harlin both stopped because motion trackers came alive again. This could get interesting.
Our corpse has friends? Harlin said. He fixed his gaze on the horizon. Can you tell how many?
I have multiple flashes from more than twenty objects. They are just coming into range, but moving fast, Dean said. Do you think theyre angry?
Does that matter? How soon until they reach us?
Inside a tare at fifteen tares an hour, not long, Dean said.
Were already two hours out from base, and mobile units wont be here for another few minutes.
Im tracking thirty slunks, Dean said. More are coming into range.
Hopper activated his channel back to the outpost. Winthrop Outpost come in, this is Tiki-Squadron recon unit zero-four.
We read you Tiki-Recon; good job on the hunting, said the operator.
We have thirty plus slunks on the incoming. Please advise.
Ill transfer you to the major.
There was a momentary pause. Harlin report, Waite asked.
Sir, were tracking multiple targets bearing in our direction.
Hostile?
Sir, yes sir, Harlin said. Their weapons arent effective even at close range, but their speed will put them on top of us in about five minutes. I think our downed slunk was a friend of theirs sir.
Engage all slunks. Were coming in on your current position with backup: ETA seven minutes. Keep the comm open and good hunting sergeant, Waite said.
Yes sir, Harlin said. He turned to Dean who continued to take readings from his optics. Major says to open fire; support will be here in seven minutes. Ill thin them out at long range; you take the ones in close.
Yee-ha, Dean said. He nestled himself down into a good shooting position using the dead slunk as cover and set his weapon up on its bipod. Theyre approaching the ridge outside two tares. Take them as fast as you can pull the trigger.
Just another day, Hopper said, and relaxed into a prone position and was soon ready to fire.
And the universe is our shooting gallery, said Dean.
They magnified their optics and kept a sharp watch on the ridge Dean indicated. They hadnt been in a live fire-fight for five months. The last planet they harvested had no technology but extremely territorial species. Hopper remembered his unit being ambushed. None of them were killed, but Sergeant Avery was hospitalized for a few hours, and Master Sergeant Corvalle was bit through the gel layer. This was different. This time they were out in the open, their foe had organization, possibly intelligence, and these oncoming reptile things were fast and large enough to trample them; not to mention they currently outnumbered them ten to one.
What about the bubble? Dean asked. We put that up we can shoot all we want without them seeing us.
It will scramble the comm and command said to keep the comm open, said Harlin. He looked in his scope and caught a dark flash pass on the horizon. Here they come.
Dean went back to his optics while Harlin opened fire. The first slunk to appear was a direct shot; it tumbled meters before it stopped. The next wave over the ridge had four slunks abreast. Harlin shot from the left to right, fired four shots, but he pulled the last shot and missed.
Only eighty percent, Dean said. Is that another malfunction, or do you need practice.
Harlin said nothing. He was accustomed to taking crap from others about his malfunctions, but Dean was the constant nuisance about it. Being his friend it was also a running joke between them. When he began having these glitches, he was a fairly young soldier, and if it werent for his skill his call sign would be malfunction or glitch instead of Hopper. Lucky for him, Hopper came before his first serious equipment issues, which nearly threw his entire company into confusion and retreat.
Dean took aim and waited until the slunk ran into his range of fire. When it was about one tare off, he fired a few burst rounds to check the range. His shots rained down and dirt fountained up from the ground. His bullets were a new type of explosive round that tech had supplied a month ago. He liked it in the firing range, but this was the first field use he had seen. Every time the bullet hit something it exploded: like watching a bomb burst. The slunks came in close enough to Deans line of fire that an incoming slunk reared up and shook an object from its back.
Hopper, those little guys are riding the big ones, Dean said as he recognized the shape of the bucked off object.
I see that, Harlin said taking more shots: four out of five in the next wave. My scope is crowding.
There are still about thirty on the tracker, Dean said. He waited until the next few were inside a few hundred marks distance before he pulled the trigger again. When he did, the leading slunks were hit, tumbled and fell. Theyre getting closer.
Well you cant expect me to hit them all long-range do ya? Hopper called back. Youre not helping the distance game. 
There wasnt much else to do though. Irma, his heavy machine gun, was only effective inside a tare and so once the long shots were useless Dean would lay down a blanket of bullets. The next ten had been taken down without much difficulty, but more continued to pour in over the ridge: about forty so far. Holy gata! Theres no end to these guys, cried Dean.
Theyre too close, Harlin said. Many were still appearing on the ridge; others were uncomfortably close. Switch to close range. Cover me.
Harlin held his fire, put away his long rifle, and pulled out his secondary weapon: a submachine gun. By the time he returned to firing Dean raised his position off his bipod to allow a wider firing range. He increased his rate of fire from burst to fully-automatic. Slunks were still being dropped in great numbers, but the numbers continued to increase. The creatures continued to pour in over the dead beasts; one passed between them. Dean raised his gun up and around and grabbed his weapons secondary handle. Pulling the trigger, he launched a shell into the air which came down on the back of the beast. The shell exploded on impact and blew the slunk in half. The insides and alien blood spattered everywhere. Dean pumped his fist, Im the Drummer baby!
Harlin did his best to provide cover fire, but a second slunk came up behind Dean, and with a club, hit Dean in the back. Dean went face down in the dirt. Dean rolled over onto his back and looked up at another beast coming straight for him. He pulled a grenade from his pouch, and tossed it forward. Fire in the hole! He rolled back over onto his stomach and covered his head. 
The grenade went off as the slunk ran over it. The explosion sent nasty slunk pieces everywhere and this time they came down on top of Dean. He raised himself and looked over at Harlin, who was off hand shooting the slunks as they ran by. The creatures were circling them: about twenty remained. 
Tech Sergeant Harlin, said a voice over the comm. This is Sergeant Aplington Hilo squadron; prepare for close round artillery.
Fire when ready! Harlin replied. Incoming grizzly fire! Take cover!
Before the slunks could reorganize their lines, Harlin and Dean ducked onto the ground and held tight. A second later the familiar high pitch sound was in the air: the sound of the artillery tracer round. A small thud from the tracer round impact was followed by a ground shaking series of explosive percussion waves and an intense heat from the surrounding plasma. Once everything was still, they stood, regrouped, and looked over a now scorched kill-site they had gone to the trouble of securing.
Well so much for that, Dean said. But at least we got a picture.
Sure, Harlin replied. He looked at Drummer who was covered with alien goo. Lets get out of here.
The two of them walked through the piles of burning bits and debris and came out the other side of the smoke storm. When the dust parted, they saw two of Tiki Squadrons HAAV grizzly tanks rolling in. Major Waite, out front of the formation in his command MTAV badger, pulled up and stepped out. Harlin and Dead snapped to attention.
Tech Sergeants Harlin, Dean, at ease, Waite said. Anything left worth looking at?
A few long distance kills sir, Harlin replied. Five tares east-northeast.
Major Waite looked at Dean completely covered in alien slime. Sergeant, get yourself cleaned up. Im calling in an osprey to pick you up. You are both off duty until your next scheduled patrol. Good work.
Thank you sir, they said in unison.
This is the first time youve had the privilege of first kill? Waite asked looking at Hopper.
Yes Sir.
That will look fine on a report, and I think give you enough duty performance for a possible advancement. The Major smiled at his Tech Sergeant. You are aware a master sergeant has not been selected for Tikis second platoon.
Sir? What about Master Sergeant Corvalle?
Her condition hasnt improved, Waite said. You saw she wasnt at briefing this morning because she didnt pass her physical. Doctors gave her clearance for a medical release, and as of the tenth hour, the position for Tiki Squadrons second platoon commander will be open.
Understood, Hopper replied, but wasnt happy to lose a good commanding officer.
Your chances are better than average, Waite said. Anything else to report?
Sir, the slunks have weapons, Hopper said. Spears, rocks, and clubs. Theyre not effective against our secondary armor, but it is extremely sharp. I recovered this. Harlin took the spear head out that hed recovered, and handed it to the major.
Sharp enough to stick, sir, Dean said pointing to the chink.
The large slunks are ridden by smaller, apparently more intelligent slunks, Harlin finished.
Ill pass the intel on to the company and have this artifact analyzed by anthropology, Waite said, looking at the spear head. Good work. He turned to the reinforcement company and stepped onto the side of the MTAV. He looked at his squadron leader, Tiki Squadrons commander, who was in the other MTAV badger. Sergeant Major Kajo, I want a full sweep of all the areas to the east of this location. Secure kill-sites on any dead slunks. I dont want an alien infestation coming up on us again. Call in jimmies if you need help. Carry on.
Waite sat in the passenger side of the MTAV. The rig pulled to the south to join another squadron. The mobile command MTAV, with its armor support, moved onward to the east as ordered under the command of Sergeant Major Kajo. Hopper and Dean turned and walked to an open location to await the osprey transport inbound to pick them up.
Master Sergeant Grant Harlin, Drummer said thinking out loud. The Commander of Tiki Squadrons Second Platoon; that sounds fine.
Dont get excited, nothing has been decided, Hopper said. There are plenty soldiers to consider for the promotion: even you.
Ah trit no, Drummer said. I dont want leadership. The more responsibility you gain the less hands-on life gets. Im happy where I am, shooting stuff.
You obviously dont know my dad, Harlin said, remembering the hours of conflict theyve had because of Harlins choice to shoot stuff.
Within moments of Waites departure, they had an osprey inbound on the comm. They knelt on the ground and waited as was protocol when a RSBT Osprey was inbound. On the airships approach, the two soldiers saw it long before its purring engines broke through their helmets sound control. The dust it kicked up was a storm by itself, but their helmets kept the dirt from bothering them. They saw the green light flash on as the transport settled; they walked forward and routinely sat on the edge of the side deck; their feet dangling. The crew boss signaled the pilot, who pulled the transport into the air. In one hour they would be showered, fed and in their beds comfortable and resting for the next shift, in twelve hours.

CHAPTER 2: LADDER OF SUCCESS

HARLIN AND DEAN SAT ON THE EDGE OF THE 1OSPREY, AND WATCHED THE aircraft cover in twenty minutes the distance it took him and Dean eight and a half hours to patrol. They flew past their starting point: the Winthrop Company outpost. From there it was another ten minute flight to the Porthos. The terrain below was dry, dusty, barren, and hot. On the ground he knew it was a desert, and even from the air there was no water, no rivers, no lakes, not even signs where water once was. Hopper wondered how the slunks survived and how the thin yellow grass grew. Water had to exist somewhere.
They gained more altitude as the osprey climbed parallel to a rising ridge. At the ridge peak, the opposite slope dropped dramatically, and the osprey was suddenly flying high over a large crater valley. Before them was the enormous three kilometer plus mobile command platform, Porthos: the ship that brought all of Porthos Battalion to the ground. Around the MCP, creating a defensive perimeter, was a swarm of HAAV Grizzlies, MTAV Badgers, and MPV Moles. Most of their early operation hours of occupation were spent field testing the various vehicles; a few months in storage made everything rigid and stiff, and the vehicles needed shake down time. Tomorrow the other infantry group, Northrop Company, would be given first combat missions based off of todays recon from Winthrop Company. By the time Winthrop Company had more action, thirty percent of the planet surface was expected to be under the Interplanetary Military Force control. Most occupations for resource extraction lasted a week at most. One week and the entire IMF would have resupplied all needed stores, scientifically cataloged any significant biological and ecological specimens, and would be ready to move on. So far they hadnt encountered any military obstacles, these new slunks were the most advanced theyd ever seen. Harlin remembered when he was young, they were forced to occupy a planet for near a half and ander: some kind of power issue with Gesores propulsion system. However, there was never anything substantial preventing them from smooth and effortless occupation. 
The Porthos secondary starboard entry door was open. When they entered the mouth of the massive ship, the bright sun was stolen away instantly in the shade of the landing bay. Their helmet visors transitioned to the light almost as fast as their natural eye. The pilot came into a hover in the RSBT line up. When light went green Harlin and Dean jumped off the osprey and hurried to the safety zone. The pilot was signaled to take off, the primary thrust increased, and the transport launched. When the light signaled the deck was clear, Harlin and Dean walked to the infantry elevator to take them to decontamination.
Dean looked over his armor, grabbed at the slunk goo and pulled off some stringy entrails. He flicked it to the side. Its days like these I really hate de-con, Dean said. He sighed and activated the elevator.
Well, if you used fewer grenades, youd get juiced less, said Harlin.
Yeah, well someone has to kill the buggers, Dean replied. But I bet next shift I come back spotless, they wont find foreign contaminants on me, and I still get juiced. I swear the scanners hate me.
Well you need it today, Harlin said seeing the alien entrails which had turned from bright orange to a urine yellow color. You definitely need a shower. Im happy I cant smell you through my helmet.
Youre no help, said Dean. Dean made the motion as if he was going to hug Harlin, but Hopper dodged away.
The elevator stopped and the two men walked onto the preparation deck of the decontamination chamber. It was built for an entire squadron of soldiers, but at the moment it was only the two of them. In about an hour there would be six hundred and twenty three more soldiers coming through de-con. Right now, there was no line, no wait, no talk, only silence; Harlin preferred it this way.
The last time he had come through de-con with no crowd was the day Sergeant Avery was crushed by the slunk of planet 324D: their last occupation. Master Sergeant Corvalle ordered him to escort Avery because as a sniper, Harlins long barrel and close range optics werent effective in the dense jungle. Ironically, that was the first hour of the shift, so instead of trudging through alien muck for ten hours, he watched doctors reconstruct Averys spine. He was sitting comfy in the infirmary, while Corvalle and the rest of Tiki second platoon were being swarmed by slunks, bashed, beaten, bruised, and battered. Several soldiers had their weapons torn out of their hands, while some were trampled. Medical teams worked hard that day, and the slunks took their toll on Winthrop Company. The biologists later told them the slunks had a metal diet, and used acid to dissolve their food. The tree trunks and bark were rich in magnesium and titanium deposits, which were the slunks primary food source. The refined alloys in the weapons were like candy to their pallets. 
The day after that initial assault, Harlin had his taste of the jungle. The platoon was running defense for the harvesters, when Master Sergeant Corvalle was bit through the glove. The medics rushed her to the Porthos for instant care, but damage was already done.  The bite had injected a metal corroding acid into Corvalles blood streamthe saliva of the slunks for digesting metaland the acid was eating the tissues in her hand and arm from the inside out. It took the remaining occupation to neutralize the acid, but after the months of transit between worlds, the tissue in her arm hadnt healed enough to put her back into combat. If they had to use bionic implants to give her use of her hand, she would be given a medical discharge. She could still be a useful instructor, even apply for officers training, but with the maintenance and unreliability of a bionic hand, she wouldnt be placed in the field. 
Hopper and Drummer stepped up to the first station and entered their identification numbers. The computer displayed their picture ID, and asked for voice code verification. Grant Harlin, Hopper said. The computer accepted his ID, and the mechanical track system produced his locker and it slid up out of the floor along the locker track in front of him. Dean was at another locker station following the same procedure. 
Ever wonder where our gear goes? Dean asked. 
The tracks lead to the quartermasters storage, the weapons are cleaned, reloaded, and they meet us in the deployment chute, you know that, said Harlin.
No, I dont think so, replied Dean. I once got back a different knife than the one I put in, and you know Sybrowsky
Oh, come on, not this conspiracy theory.
Its not a theory its fact. You just havent been tampered with yet; wait until it happens to you.
Harlin tapped his helmet. After all the malfunctions you think I havent ruled out the tampering possibilities? he said. If you think your stuff has been tampered with, report it to the quartermaster.
Thats what bothers me. This quartermaster guy has access to everything. If someone pisses him off, were all slunk bait. He could mess up a lot of gata: your helmet, my knife. Maybe you cut in front of him in line somewhere and hes just messing with your gear on purpose.
Harlin ignored the continuous monologue Dean preached, and stepped into the de-con scanner and awaited the technicians instructions. At the green light, Harlin stepped onto the platform. Once in place he was prompted by the screen to raise his arms and take a large step apart, which he did. Sergeant Harlin relaxed his muscles as the scanning rings lifted from the floor and surrounded him. From each ring a separate form of sterilizer was emitted. The first identified any foreign biological or chemical contaminants; it determined the level of contamination and whether or not more thorough cleaningjuicingwas required. The second ring blasted him with ultra violet radiation, the third with microwave radiation. During these sweeps he felt his suit heat up and his visor tint as if it were under sunlight. When the fourth ring rescanned him and found him clean, he was cleared for entry. He stepped into the airlock to wait and watch as Dean was juiced.
After the initial scan, the technician instructed Sergeant Dean to seal his helmets ventilation system. With annoyed exaggerated motions, Dean reached to his helmet and deactivated his breathing system with one finger. With the scan rings lowered from their active position back into the floor, and the encasing tube lowered from the ceiling. Dean looked like a specimen slunk in a science lab. Harlin had to be juiced a few times. He didnt like the process either. Being trapped in the glass test tube coffin case knowing he only had twenty minutes of air without his helmets vents filtering air was enough to make the calmest soldiers claustrophobic. The worst was when the acid, ammonia, and peroxide solution filled in around you, and the pressure of being submerged pressed in on your chest and made breathing harder. It was the closest thing to drowning hed experienced, and he didnt want to come any closer.
The tube was filling with the neutralizing solution, and Dean saw Harlin smiling at him from the airlock. Dean held up his hand with his two forefingers to the right and thump straight up in the obscene Daegran gesture. This only made Harlin laugh. Once the solution drained, the tube was lifted. All the slunk residue was gone from Dean, and his armor shone wet.  The ring scanners activated again, and the intense focus of ultra-violet and micro waves dried him. The second scan finished and he was cleared. 
Dean joined Harlin in the airlock. At least I didnt have to do it twice like Corporal Halfoat did last time, he said.
The faint hiss and snap confirmed the airlock depressurization was complete, but they waited for the green light. They unstrapped their neck seals and lifted their helmets off. The first breath was liberating, and the air on their faces and head was one of the most pleasant feelings they had as soldiers. Their helmets were built to have air as long as there was an atmosphere with a specific level of oxygen, hydrogen, carbon, and nitrogen, and the breathing system would combine the atmosphere into breathable mixtures. It would also recycle their exhale. After a few hours, the recycling process made the air warm and moist. The Porthos filters and recyclers were better, and had stores of air for periodic recycling. Now on board they enjoyed the cold and fresh air. They took deep breaths and let their lungs take in the chilled and crisp taste. The downside was this created their awareness of thirst. The next stop was the mess for dinner.
They went through the corridors and arrived at the soldiers mess. It was a large several hundred square meter room and filled with only long narrow tables, and benches. Normally it was humming with conversation and a real hot spot for socializing. Today there were only two soldiers of Northrop, up early and sipping drinks, and the janitor cleaning the floor. Harlin and Dean set their helmets on a table and made a salute to the janitor. They saw him every meal time; he had been a soldier in Winthrop Company anders ago, before they were part of the company. But age had caught him, and at ninety-five he had to hang up his armor and rifle because of physical limitations. Many who ended their career as an IMF soldier were put back into the system and given small jobs like cleaning, or teaching. There was the option of doing training, but that still required physical prowess in order to handle the simulations. 
Harlin followed Dean to the food line and surveyed the banquet. Today, they could pick food in their own time, and move up or down the line of food with no hurry up jeering from a line of soldiers behind them. Dean loaded his plate with rice, gincarvaa fruit everyone loved from P302Dand a few slices of processed feltry. He went to sit and Harlin took an interest in his own plate, scooping up some mashed cyntato, pouring on some gravy, taking a fresh gincarva, and a biscuit on the side. He returned to his helmet and sat with Dean. They ate in silence. Conversation was the norm at meal time, but Harlin never started a conversation, and Dean had nothing to tell him because he was there to see the same action. There wasnt anything from preventing them from devouring their food. Without the time constraints, they both went for second helpings. Dean went for thirds, but Harlin settled a few cups of hydro, picked up his helmet, and walked to the barracks alone. 
The possible promotion Major Waite mentioned plagued his Harlins thoughts; and he sought a cure. He didnt know if Captain Takuma would take the majors recommendation. There were many other well-qualified tech sergeants, but he supposed he was as likely to be promoted as the rest. He had been, according to rumor, Corvalles number one Tech Sergeant, and maybe she was making recommendations to Waite as well. Promotions usually fell to another in the same platoon, but he reminded himself that they could just as easily promote anyone in Winthrop Company.
The scanners for the entry into the barracks read his rank insignia and serial number in the form of a barcode off his uniform and allowed him entrance. He walked through the Winthrop foyer, turned left, and went into the long narrow room where Tiki and Rico barracks were: Tiki on the left wall, Rico on the right. Delta and Hilo, the two HAAV squadrons had the center room for bunks, and Fica had its own room on the far right. Rank placed his bunk near the door. He stepped up to his locker beside his bunk, scanned it open, and started taking off his armor. The leg and arm plates first, followed by his belt and chest and back plates last. He took his helmet, examined it, and tapped with his knuckle. No matter how many times he reported a miss read or a software malfunction, the quartermaster said his helmet was performing normally. Perhaps Dean was right about equipment tampering. The helmet went to the top shelf; the boots came off and went to the bottom. After all the armor was shed, he unzipped the base armors compression pockets to loosen up the fabric armor suit which hugged every inch of his body when sealed and compressed correctly. He pulled the release zipper down in the back, and slipped his shoulders and arms out.  He rolled the top half down to his waist, and unzipped the sides of the legs so his feet could come out easily. After his legs were free, he hung the base armor next to his causal jumpsuit. Now naked, he picked up his towel and walked for the showers. 
Half way to the shower, Dean walked in more excited than usual. Hopper, the Athos has a company stuck in a jungle, he said half laughing at the unfortunate outcome of the other MCPs men. I heard it from Lieutenant McDermid on the bridge crew. I guess there is underbrush so thick theyre being issued long knifes to cut their way through. 
Dean found some odd pleasure in this news that Harlin didnt understand. Perhaps it was because of Winthrops lack of fortune on P324D. Im just glad its not us stuck this time, Harlin said. Jungles always mean bigger slunks, and more gata.
He also wants to pass on his congrats to you for a nice shot, replied Dean. I showed him the picture.
Harlin finished his trek to the shower. Once there he took his time. After washing every part of him twice, he switched the soapy water to rinse and was free to stand and relax. Typically washing was all you had time for, and after one minute the soldiers waiting literally throw you out of the shower. After three minutes of letting his muscles relax under the hot water, Harlin stepped out of the shower into the dryer. He stayed in the fans for two cycles instead of one. When he was bone dry, he wrapped his towel around him and returned to his bunk.
Dean, who had a bunk two rows from Harlin, was trying to pull his feet out of his base armor, while sending a message to his wife Kelly still on Gesore. It was good entertainment and Harlin waited for him to fall over, but he maintained his balance. Dean walked to the showers, and before Harlin sat down and got comfortable with his computer, he checked himself in the mirror. His light brown hair was short enough he wouldnt need a hair cut for another week, and his whiskers were still stubble enough he could put off shaving until tomorrow morning. He opened his locker and pulled out a small bottle, opened it and shook two small capsules from it onto his palm. He looked at them for a moment and realized this might be the one thing that kept him from further promotion. Prescriptions were never a good sign in the barracks, and he was glad today he didnt have to hide them from his comrades. He opened his mouth, tossed them in, and swallowed. 
He dressed in his off duty jumpsuit, settled into his bunk, pulled out his computer, and signed on to the military network. Most of  his computer time wasnt wasted checking messages he rarely receivedhis family wasnt the communicating typeinstead he would check the progress of the occupation and read any news bulletins from around the army. Between all hundred and twenty five battalions, he could gain insights to slunk behavior and even know what resources to look for when he was on duty and in the field. This was a time consuming interest. He tracked the IMF progress to learn how the occupation was progressing. Athos Battalion was indeed having issues in the tropical regions of the planet. They were stationed in the northwest hemisphere, about five degrees north of the planets equator. There was satellite imagining which reveal thick brush with very little tree canopy. Their slunk reports were low, but and as a result biological specimens were low; most of the reports specimens were insectoid in nature, which could be collected in canisters. 
During his report updates he saw there was a red flag resource: fresh water. He saw several large seas on the global imagining, but the reports on those were so salty they would be more trouble purifying than it was worth. It was strange to Harlin how a planet this size could be so barren everywhere and how the desert yielded more slunks than the tropic zones.
Dean returned from the shower, and hopped onto his upper bunk and snuggled in with his computer to open a live VAT with Kelly. Harlin put on his ear piece to drown out Deans telling her of what had happened in a way which hadnt happened. For the next four burks or so, Dean and Harlin had the barracks to themselves, but as soon as the first scouting group was over, members of Tiki and Rico squadron began filing in. Some were there to shower then leave to eat; others were now eating and would come in to shower later. 
Specialist Admin, who was in Tiki second with Harlin, nodded to him as he walked passed. Sergeant, congratulations on the kill, he said.
Thank you, replied Harlin.
Admin was a large man, perfectly suited to be a heavy weapon specialist. He was smart and took orders well. Harlin would have to remember him if he was promoted. There were many uses for a heavy weapon specialist. Admin reminded Harlin of himself four years younger but much stronger. He, like Admin, came out of training a specialist. About one in every ten cadets could test high enough to have this promotion. It was also statistically proven that these soldiers advanced in rank faster, scored higher in officer entry exams, and were fifty times more likely to be accepted into warrant officer training.
At that moment, Tech Sergeant Connor Santino of Rico squadron walked in. Harlin noticed, but pretended not to. He was the serious type, but he was serious for good reason. He was known to have killed more slunks than any other soldier in Pacific battle group, and supposedly more than everyone else combined: his call sign was Slayer. He and Hopper were from the same academy class, both now tech sergeants, and had nearly identical scores on entry tests, academy placement exams, and even in rifle training. They had been advanced in rank nearly simultaneously. Santino wasnt a sniper, but a rifleman: making his antics on the battlefield more impressive. Men like Santino and Harlin, intelligent but still soldiers, were proof that being a soldier wasnt grunt preschool work, but advanced problem solving calculations during spur of the moment situations: if Harlin could only convince his father of that.
Admin saw Santino, straightened, and saluted. Sergeant, he said.
At ease specialist, Santino said as if specialist was a rank to scorn. He leaned on the upper bunk to look down at Harlin who hadnt yet acknowledged his existence. 
Harlin turned his eyes upward without moving his head. He was comforted to know he didnt have to salute the egotist. Harlin was sure Slayer meant for their careers to be some type of game. Ever since they graduated and Hopper scored one point higher, Santino had turned their friendship into a competition. As a result, Harlin moved away from Santino toward other friend circles. Santinos competitive attitude separated him from everyone else: leaving him the lone wolf of the group. He liked it that way; it was a status he upheld in battle as well as social networks.
Nice kill Hopper, Santino said. That makes us even at one first kill a piece.
I guess so, Slayer, Harlin replied, stressing the Slayer so it almost sounded sarcastic.
Just try and keep up, said Santino. Congrats.
Uh-huh. Harlin breathed and went back to his computer.
Santinos bunk was next to the door at the head of the Rico column. He was the highest non-command soldier in Rico squadron. Several other tech sergeants had been advanced before him, but Santino claims it was because they had more experience.  Santino wasnt promoted because he was a bad soldier, but because he was reckless with orders.  
The commotion at Deans bunk pulled his attention. Dean was talking in his announcer voice about the fight. Of course, Dean being Dean, had to dress it up, even more so than he had when he told the story to Kelly. There were groans and cheers from all over the room as there wasnt a single soldier in the barrack who could escape his projected voice. Harlin saw repeated thumbs up, stares, and distant salutations as the story went on. From his lower bunk he saw and heard everything but said nothing.
Around the corner, from the entry foyer, marched Command Sergeant Major Waite, flanked by his warrant officer Chief Aina, and Sergeant Major Kajo, and Sergeant Major Mortensen: Rico Squadron Commander. However, the commotion surrounding Deans narration was so captivating, only a few soldiers noticed; Harlin being one of them. Harlin pushed his computer off his lap, stepped to the front of his bunk and stood at attention. Others began to notice and came to attention. This ripple effect happened all around the room, until Dean was the only one not at attention.
Sergeant Major Kajo, Tiki Squadron Commander, stepped forward to be as close as possible to Dean. Drummer, attention!
Dean halted his story telling, and came to attention where he was not even bothering to stand, but stayed on his knees at the edge of his bunk; there was muffled laughter among the squadron.
Superb story telling Sergeant Dean, Waite said. I hope you all had a pleasant first run, because tomorrow we mobilize. We start gamma stage. Our entire company is to secure a resource for harvest. Were after a large plutonium cache found thanks to our scouts from Rico squadron. Harlin saw a smug smile cross Santinos face. These slunks are more capable than most, and we are taking them seriously. The elements of their weapons are being analyzed due to the reconnaissance of Tech Sergeant Harlin, and there will be more details tomorrow. Major Waite handed a file card to Kajo and whispered something to her. He turned back to the company. Inform whoever is in the shower, and at mess. Carry on.
Kajo stayed behind as Waite left to spread the news to the other squadron barracks. When she finished mingling, she walked to Harlin. He saw her approach and he straightened up.
At ease Hopper, she said. Her voice wasnt as kind as some female soldiers. She had been an HAAV commander most of her career; that would make anyone rough around the edges. Nice kill today. The biologists said they have several excellent specimens. She held out her hand and revealed to him the file card. Congratulations, she said as he took the card. She turned and while walking out of the barracks: Ill see you at command briefing at zero thirty tomorrow.
Harlin knew what this was, but he didnt expect it in this manner. It was his first promotion to command, so perhaps that was the reason for the formality. Most all other promotions were simple and done without ceremony. He took the file card, sat down, pulled his computer to him, and loaded the information. He grabbed his ear piece to listen so he wouldnt attract the attention of others. The computer image in front of him fell back to the projector, and then a document image appeared. The computer read it automatically, while Hopper followed the letter.
Technical Sergeant Grant Harlin, you are scheduled to meet with Captain Takuma at zero-hour of day 836 ander 325 concerning your promotion to Master Sergeant of the Porthos Battalion, Winthrop Company, Tiki Squadron, Second Platoon. Come in uniform, directions are included in the following document. From the desk of Captain Jeffery Takuma.
That was tomorrow: same hour as breakfast. By first-hour the company convened for briefing, but command briefing was at zero thirty. He would have to be up early and eat breakfast before, because there wouldnt be enough time for breakfast after his appointment and before briefing. More responsibility only meant less time to do more duty. 
Harlin looked up and sighed. He caught Santino staring at him. There was nothing said but he could see that Santino knew what his file card said. He turned away from Harlins gaze the moment he looked and finished taking off his base armor. Harlin didnt like the look. It meant he had been granted another level of contempt. Harlin was not in control of promotions, but he wasnt about to turn one down when it came. 

Waking a half hour earlier was more difficult than he had originally predicted. Harlin managed to gain a few burks of rack. He dressed in his base armor and strapped on the rest of his plating as if he were going on duty right away. He clipped his helmet to his belt and put the belt on last; the helmet hung behind him. When he left the barracks most of the others were waking and those who hadnt showered at the end of the shift were now filing into the showers like half-dead creatures called by instinct. Leaving the barracks meant passing Santinos bunk; to his surprise, the bunk was empty. Santino was up early, in the showers, or being ambitious somewhere else.
Harlin noticed the time on the holographic marquee in the corridor; there were only five minutes to eat before his appointment with Captain Takuma at zero hour. He turned the corner to the mess, and saw the first remnants of Northrop Company having dinner; their shift was ending soon.  Instead of a meal he went to the smaller table and snatched a biscuit and filled a cup with hydro. These in hand, he left the mess.
The elevator to the command levels took him through the officers decks, a place a soldier in his position seldom went. He didnt want to be an officer. All he ever saw the lieutenants doing was carrying information back and forth and filing reports. It looked like a dull job. Hed been eligible for officers training ever since he was a staff sergeant. Being promoted to master sergeant meant he met the rank requirement for application to warrant officer training. They held the seniority of an officer, but the versatility of a soldier. If he was eligible, he would spend the next jump applying for and going through warrant officer training instead of regular drills and instruction. That was a pleasant thought. He always admired the singular and more attractive position of the warrant officers. Waites assistant and warrant officer, Chief Aina, never said much, but rumors about him drifted everywhere. He was a master of all weapons, a brilliant tactician, and if you thought he was beaten it was only a matter of time before he found a way to bring you down with him.
The elevator ride was long enough for him to eat half his biscuit and drink all his hydro. The doors opened and he stepped off in the first level of command decks. The corridors were wider and filled with more traffic than he expected. There was only traffic in the lower levels during a shift change, but that was one-way traffic. Here, lieutenants walked in every direction taking care of logistical information, carrying file cards, and racing to meetings and briefings. If this was the lower command levels of the MCP, he didnt want to see the bridge: it would be a mess. 
Harlin pushed through the crowds unnoticed. To his advantage most didnt notice his ranking insignia and probably assumed he was a sergeant major because they were in the command levels more frequently. He soon found the reception desk for the commanding offices. Seated was a young lieutenant commander working at a computer. Behind him was a long corridor with a warrant officer standing sentry outside the door at the end. 
Tech Sergeant Harlin? asked the officer at the desk. 
Harlin snapped to attention and saluted, but had the empty cup of hydro in his saluting hand. He felt a bit foolish and took the cup with his other hand to retry the salute. Sir, I have an appointment, sir, he said.
The officer looked up and smiled. Sergeant thats unnecessary. Youre early, you can wait there.
Harlin had never been placed at ease so casually before. He knew lieutenants were at the bottom of the officers rank pile, and had less years experience than a tech sergeant. He was it was protocol to salute officers regardless of rank, so this casual interaction didnt sit right. He turned to the small alcove sitting area the officer indicated, and looked around while finishing his biscuit. There was a small screen broadcasting the most current updates and news bulletins of the occupation. It was like what he viewed on his computer in the barracks, but it was updated with all that had happened during his six hours of sleep. There was a planetary map marking the location of all hundred and twenty five deployed MCPs, and the resources in their area. Fresh water was still a red flagged resource. He was surprised the thin tropical climate region around the equator wasnt producing large quantities of water. If they didnt have water from this planet, Gesore would be rationing water the entire way to the next system.
Sergeant, said the lieutenant. Chief Menesai will escort you in.
Harlin turned. The senior warrant officer stepped forward and was looking at him with the most serious of expressions. His arm pointed down the corridor, but he didnt say a word. This man was stiff, stout, balding, and if warrant officers were all like Chief Menesai, Harlin wanted nothing to do with them. Despite the brick wall to escort him into the captains office, Harlin was quick and lively in step. He wanted this to be a strong entrance and a good experience. He didnt want to look like a half assed idiot.
Chief Menesai pressed his hand against the door panel and the door to the captains office opened. Menesai stepped aside and motioned Harlin inside. Looking briefly at the master chief, Harlin took a deep breath and stepped in boldly.
Captain Takumas office was empty. 
The office was smaller than he thought it would be. It was three meters square. There was a desk in the center, one chair behind it, and two chairs in front. There was one other door in the back left corner. Harlin had not expected to be alone for any amount of time, and this made his confident entry meaningless. The jenks turned to seconds and then to minutes. Harlin fidgeted.
The passing time allowed him to look at the displays and photographs on the walls: the banners and various souvenirs the captain had collected. There were portraits of other captains, soldiers, and battlefields. Takuma had been a captain of the Porthos for as long as Harlin had been assigned to it: about five anders. One picture caught his attention and he took a closer look. There was an entire platoon sitting on the carcass of a gigantic slunk, bigger than an HAAV grizzly, all with great smiles, old weapons, and clumsy armor.
That was taken my second ander tour, P305S, said a voice behind him.
Harlin turned and came to a sharp attention, with his right hand straight to his forehead. He felt ashamed to be caught off guard, and to not be in line and orderly. He noticed the captain was wiping his hands on a small towel. Takuma didnt do anything, but smiled.
As you were sergeant, Takuma said. He went to his desk. That picture was taken about the time you started academy yes?
Yes sir, I was ten at the time, Hopper replied.
I was twenty two, Takuma sat at his desk and tossed the towel back through the side door into the room he had come from. Have a seat. Captain Takuma rummaged through file cards in a drawer and found one and slid it into his desk. The computer read the file and the hologram came up in the air. Ive reviewed your file a few times, he said. I am impressed, and see you are highly recommended by Command Sergeant Major Waite, and have been repeatedly praised in reports made by your former platoon leader Master Sergeant Corvalle. Tragic accident, by the way, I knew Corvalles father. He was my captain. I just wrote a letter of recommendation to have her placed in the engineering corps as a MPV driver.
Very good sir, replied Harlin, not knowing if that was the appropriate response.
Your academy aptitude exam placed you in the top two percent of your class, said Takuma. He paused.
Sir? 
Top two percent! You realize you could have done anything you wanted: linguistics, engineer, astrophysicist, neural surgeon.
Yes sir.
Why did you choose soldier? With your kind of intelligence I think you may have been of better use to the IMF somewhere else.
Harlin wanted to tell the Captain how much like his father he sounded, but he restrained himself. My character placement test said I would be better suited for soldier, Harlin said. And I hate desks, and labs, sir.
So, no ambition to become an officer?
No sir.
Hmmm, Takuma said nothing. They both knew, that if he wasnt going to be an officer, his highest position would be Command Sergeant Major. Your latest skills assessment exam you scored a record 89 over 97 out of 100. There is nothing wrong with your soldier aptitude. I was a breacher myself: couldnt adjust to the narrow scope viewing close range targets of a rifle scope. And this morning I read a report that told me you had your first first-strike commendation. You have plenty of active field time. In fact your maneuver in the asteroid field of system S321H intrigues me, and I would like to hear a full explanation of how that came about some time; they call you Hopper because of it?
Yes sir.
Your safety record is flawless. Youve never had a medical emergency, but have responded to a few. Youre versatile; I like that, and youre leading in duty performance. I see that youve been meeting with Dr. Parros, the unit psychologist. I have talked to him and he feels this promotion is something you need. Frankly, sergeant, you are the most qualified soldier for the advancement to
Sir, there are several just as qualified, Harlin said. Tech Sergeant Santino
Modesty wont get you out of this.
Sir, thats not what I meant.
I am aware of the others, Takuma said, shaking off the interruption. Santino is a good soldier, head strong, and bold. Sometimes its a foolish bold, and his strength and intelligence is what saves his ass. But more importantly, Waite doesnt trust him. Regardless of his duty performance, I cant give a man as reckless as he is a platoon and expect a pleasing result.
Hopper was surprised Takuma would boldly describe personal or even confidential information about another soldier. But the captain was saying what he was thinking. Hed often wondered if Santino purposely put himself in trouble so when he got out of it he looked more impressive. 
So without hesitation, Im promoting you to fill the vacant post of Tiki Squadrons second platoon commander, and advancing your rank to master sergeant, Takuma said and opened another file, entered a password and opened more files. New ranking insignias will be ready in a few hours and you will have personal sleeping quarters ready for you on your return from this shift, as well as your upper level security passes. Briefing is in five minutes, and youd better be on your way.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations, Master Sergeant Harlin.
Thank you sir.
 Any plans after this? Takuma asked before Harlin vanished through the door.
Ive considered warrant officer training, sir.
Excellent idea, said Takuma. If this planet doesnt kill you Id be happy to write you a recommendation.
Thank you, sir, Harlin said, saluted, and left. 
While walking from the office, Harlin realized his dynamics within the squadron and platoon would change dramatically. He would be assigned a private bunk and shower, given higher security clearance, and be included in the command briefing. He would be responsible for the safety of five patrols: twenty five soldiers. Hed spent the last five anders of his career with large groups of soldiers: his patrol, his platoon, and his squadron. He was now above them all and into the top ten percent of the infantry ranking. He would be the object of jokes: sneered at and talked back to. He was entering into a new world, and he didnt know if he liked it. Sergeant Corvalle had done a good job, so he never thought of the positions difficulties and pressures. Part of him wished he hadnt been a good soldier. He could have been a corporal his entire life, scored high enough to remain in active duty, but not high enough to advance, and remain just noticeable enough to be used and effective, but not promoted. But he had his fathers motivation for improvement and couldnt, with good conscious, be stagnant or go backward.

CHAPTER 3: STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURE

1HOPPER! A VOICE SAID CALLING AFTER HIM.
Harlin was about to step into the elevator and ride down to command briefing, but he looked back to acknowledge the hail. He smiled when he saw one of the Porthos science expeditionary zoologists walking toward him: Dr. Jane Courtright. She had been good friends with him, Gailynn, and Santino since they were in elementary education. She had a genuinely kind disposition that Harlin always appreciated. Her aptitude tests pointed her to science, like his sister, but despite their career differences, the three had kept close.
Gailynn told me about your promotion, Master Sergeant, she said smiling. 
How did she find out about that? Harlin asked. I havent told anyone, and I was barely promoted a minute ago. 
Gailynn told me, who apparently was told by Dr. Kelly Dean, whose husband is in your platoon, Jane explained. 
Naturally, Harlin replied. Women do spread the word. 
Oh, and thank-you for not perforating that specimen into pulp, she continued. We learned a lot about the harl-beast since it was in one piece.
Harl-beast?
Yeah, we unofficially named it after you. Dr. Dean eventually will title it, but that is what weve called it so far.
Im flattered, Harlin said, but Im running late and I need to be at command briefing: first day, good impressions and all that.
I just turned in my report; Ill walk with you and tell you what we know. Jane stepped onto the elevator with him and she let him indicate which level. They are hydrogen and carbon based just like us. From what weve seen in the bone structure and muscle tissue the jaws are used for crushing. We dont know what exactly; we think rocks and hardened clay.
You find granite between its teeth?
They dont have teeth; well not like we do anyway. When Jane became more excited about something her animation increased. They have large mineral deposits in their stomachs.
Stomachs?	
They have three; two for processing mineralsthe rocks they crush and swallowand the third for actually eating. They have a tremendous mineral absorbing capability. Some of the doctors think we could use this to increase medication administration, even settle some food digestion issues. But weve also looked at the legs, and they have the same type of claws found on indigenous earth creatures which lived under ground.
They live underground?
The hypothesis is linked to the evidence, and it explains the absence of cities or villages.
So why were they above ground when they attacked us?
Well, its obvious they dont have everything they need underground, but perhaps they explore the surface like we explore space?
What about the little ones?
The big ones, the harl-beasts, are definitely a domesticated animal; the little ones are the intelligent slunks.
Do you know if Gailynn got the artifact I turned in?
The spear head? Yeah she mentioned it, but we didnt talk about it? I think she had her report in early.
The elevator stopped. This is my stop, Harlin said. Ill see you later.
Be careful, and dont let those beasts trample you.
Im always careful. 
Harlin hurried around the corner and saw Major Kajo standing outside the briefing room waiting for him. I was wondering if you were going to show up? she said. 
Takuma can take his time, Harlin replied. Did I miss anything?
No, its small talk right now. Kajo ushered Harlin into the briefing. 
Everyone inside stood in groups and clumps. It wasnt until the officers took the front of the room, that everyones attention focused forward where there was a large holographic screen and Commander Demke: Porthos Company Ground Commander. Beside him, was Major Waite looking over a few file cards, and receiving last minute details from a lieutenant. Large holographic images of the planet terrain were floating behind them. Harlin had only been here once, and that was to meet with Kajo when he was first made part of Tiki almost five anders ago. There were twenty five soldiers present and most Harlin knew; they were the other master sergeants and sergeant majors of Winthrop Company. 
Waite stood tall and all conversation ceased. Under Orion Defense initiative, article eight-one-seven, I open todays briefing on Friday, fifty-sixth of October, ander 325 concerning the operations of planet designated P325O. First item of business is the promotion of a member of Tiki Squadron, Waite said pointing to Harlin. Master Sergeant Harlin is filling the vacancy left by Sergeant Corvalle. For ten or fifteen seconds, Harlin enjoyed a small applause from the other soldiers, and there was a whistle given out by a female master sergeant on the other side of the room. Waite, waiting until the clapping fell, began the actual briefing. Now, todays operation is simple, but potentially hazardous. These scans have located a large cache of plutonium in the northwest corner of this mountain group. He pointed to one of the topographic enlargements. This area was patrolled by Northrop company last shift, and the further northeast they went the more slunks they encountered.
Thats just beyond where Dean and I were, Harlin said. Kajo nodded. 
Slunk population numbers are unknown, so we are mobilizing our entire company to defend the mining units from disturbance. Sergeant Major Aplingtons Hilo Squadron HAAV Grizzlies will take position along this southwest to northeast running ridge to cover any slunk advancement from the northwest. Delta squadron, Major Angelo and your HAAV Tigers, take a forward position here. Waite indicated the area where he was to be. 
Waite moved on. Sergeant Major Kajo and Tiki squadron with five emtav Badgers will take this high ground to the north and cover this valley. The easy terrain shouldnt give the badgers trouble.
Kajo nodded and pulled out a small graphic pad from a pocket on her harness. She made notes on her own miniature version of the larger map Major Waite was using.
Rico Squadron, Sergeant Major Mortensen, will take her squadron to the east and cover this exposed valley with another five emtavs. Waite indicated the more even terrain on the hologram. This is the easiest direction for the slunks to attack. Call in your targets to the grizzlies on the ridge and have them provide artillery cover. Youll have emtavs behind you for support if you need it.
Fica Squadron, Major Broud, you will be covering the rest of the parameter. Divide your squadron into platoons and have them spread out along these slopes. Send out scouts to survey the terrain. If the slunks can read our defenses and pick at us on our week side, the grizzlies are still in ample position to hit targets. If you need reinforcements, Tiki or Ricos badgers can give you support within five minutes. Well have a few raptors in the sky for us, so call them in if needed. I dont see a reason to authorize any dragons to lay down heavy ordinance, but crews will be on standby. Winthrop outpost will be here. Waite pointed to the area where the mining rig would be. This is your fallback position.
Sir, will we need a fall back? Broud asked almost laughing.
Northrop Company got into some mean action yesterday, Waite said. We will be taking our enemy seriously. Do not underestimate their offensive capabilities. So far its been a few beast riders, but we do not know their entire arsenal. You will use caution, and no heroics. More details in company briefing. Dismissed.
HOORA! said everyone except Harlin.
Harlin was still interested in the holographic images, and studiously looking over the area where Tiki squadron would be stationed. Hed never had so much information to look at before or during an operation. It made him aware of how detailed the missions were despite how few details filtered down to the lower ranks. Before, he had his orders from Corvalle and he obeyed; life was simple, but now he had to give the orders. His concern for doing this efficiently gave him a greater respect for those who have been commanding well for many years. 
Hopper? Kajo said, calling Harlin away from his own mind. He didnt realize briefing was over.
He turned and saw the other four Tiki platoon leaders gathered around Kajo. She was already dividing up Major Waites orders. 
We have our five badgers to move, Kajo said, holding up her graphic pad for everyone to see. I want each of you in your badgers, and your platoons lined up along this plateau. From there well sit, wait, and see what the slunks do. Command group should remain with the badger, but break your platoons into patrols and spread out down these draws. We shouldnt need to separate farther than a kilometer; the plateau is only a few tares long. Our fallback position will be here, this high ground a kilometer behind our position.
What is the beasts weak spot? Master Sergeant Levy asked.
Hopper is the only one who has experience with the slunk, Kajo replied. Everyone looked at him.
Standard anatomy, Hopper said. Heavy legs made for digging, strong jaws for crushing, weakest in the neck and head.
You sound like a biologist, Talkinta said and chuckled.
Individually they might be nothing, and you might even be safe against twenty or thirty, Kajo said to silence the humor. But if these things amass into armies, we will have a serious problem. Dont get comfortable. I want everything by the book and Tiki squadron to be the prize of Winthrop Company. Kajos commanding and firm stance made her confident and easy to obey. Move out and report to your platoons, she said. They all broke up and headed for the elevator. Hopper.
Harlin turned, Sir? 
Youre still a man down, Kajo said. Waite has requested a replacement, most likely youll get a spank, but it might take a few shifts
Understood.
Harlin followed behind everyone else. He felt like he had been tossed into a room of white to discover he was the only black spot. He was certain he would eventually catch up and become like the room, but for now he would have to suffer a lag in timing. His thoughts in transit to company briefing were mostly how he would command his soldiers and how they would react to him. He was concerned they wouldnt grant him the respect, but he knew they were well disciplined soldiers. Was he going to be soft, or hard, strict or laid back? He was anxious to discover himself.
The elevator they boarded opened onto the assembly area where all six hundred and twenty five members of Winthrop Company stood for briefing. Here in this casual setting they were in groups and clumps mingling, but would soon snap to attention as Waite entered. Harlin remembered what it was like the first day of actual duty. He stood here with the other soldiers, a lowly specialist, trying to mingle, not sure if he should mingle or wait at attention in his designated location. He wanted to be ready at a moments notice to obey any command. He was young, he was far too serious, and in many wayscompared at least to others like Deanhe was still too serious. 
Tiki squadron wasted no time. The moment Kajo was in sight they formed up. The clumps of people became five organized lines. Those not in Tiki hurried out of the way, and what was left was a perfectly lined squadron.  Master Sergeants took their place at the head of each line, and Kajo stood in front of them all and facing them. The next elevator ride delivered more squadron leaders and the last produced Major Waite who was followed by Chief Aina. 
Tiki command, about face, Kajo said casually. On the beat after, her platoon leaders turned to face their soldiers. 
Harlin new the drill but performing it for the first time meant he was a jenk behind in motion. He looked at the platoon. He only saw the first face: Staff Sergeant Akiona. Everyone behind her was hid from view. 
Hang, I ride with you, said Kajo, assigning herself to third platoon. Hang was surprised, because Harlin was new to command, and he had a missing position. 
Waite gave his majors a moment to make basic orders to the platoon, and then began his brief. Report all slunk sightings. Do not engage unless in danger or under orders. Stay in contact at all times unless authorized by a platoon leader or higher. Do not separate yourself from your battle-mate, He walked causally behind the majors. I have received intelligence that these slunks carry a metallic substance weaponized in the form of spear heads. This metal is sharp and will penetrate your secondary armor plates. Dont let it near your base armor; it may cut straight through it. 
Harlin heard the sound of surprise coming from the soldiers and even thought he heard Dean say I told you so.
Do not let these slunks within affective range: twenty meters. Biologists also say these slunks are organized and intelligent. They have a domesticated beast they ride that could trample the guts and glory out of you. Do not let that happen. Wait was a different commander in this larger group setting. In the command briefing he was softer and more approachable. Harlin liked his demeanor though; it was hard enough to produce good response from the company, but soft enough he was an easy man to understand, obey, and talk to. Majors, take them out, Waite ordered.
 Squadron, about face! said the sergeant majors. Each soldier with perfect rhythm turned themselves to the opposite wall. Squadron, seal and activate your PDS! The rhythm of the orders and their operation was like a song. They all un-clipped their helmets from the back of their belt, put them over their heads, sealed, and clipped the final lock in place to make a unanimous click which echoed through the assembly area. 
Harlins helmet PDS came on without delay; he hoped today wasnt a malfunction day. At his disposal were the statistics for ammunition load, suit temperature, external temperature, range to objects, communication options, vital signs for his platoon, and complete readings from each of his platoons helmets. Using the operate-by-eye cursor, he minimized all displays to the side and double checked his audio was activated. Squadron, forward, he ordered. 
The company moved in unison toward the loading gate. Each gate separated platoons to their particular launch deck and transport. Hilo went to the side toward the HAAV staging area. Tiki second platoon, marched to the deployment shoot.  Each soldier turned to the rack on their right or left, and entered their identification and voice recognition. Harlin did the same, and his weapons locker appeared in the slot beside him. 
Pull your weapons, ordered Harlin. His rifle was on the rack where he left it yesterday before decontamination. He and his squadron, loaded their weapons, extra magazines, grenades, and secondary weapons. Harlin strapped his pistol to his thigh. He picked up his SMG, a new addition since P324Ds close combat necessities, and locked it into its strap behind his right shoulder. He carried his sniper rifle.
When fully loaded he walked down the length of the chute toward the front, and made sure everyone was ready as he went. Double check your helmets are secure and you have proper ventilation, he said, and checked himself. When finished he activated the air seal and the chamber depressurized. When the light went green, he opened the door to the elevator. Platoon, move out.
The platoon loaded an elevator which would take them down three levels to the loading zone; the same loading zone second platoon always used. The regularity of standard deployment routine made Hoppers first moments as a master sergeant easier. Soon, much sooner than he wanted, the missions unique situation would force him to make orders that would not be so routine.
Theyre going to be much action master sergeant? Staff Sergeant Prado asked. Prado was one of the best riflemen in the platoon, and his close range marksmen scores were near perfect, even better than Harlins. He was platoon leader for their point patrol.
That depends on the slunks, Harlin replied.
They big slunks sir? Corporal Roushar asked, who was Prados battle-mate. We didnt see gata yesterday.
You heard the major, Harlin said. Were dealing with two completely different species, one is a domestic animal, six legged, and about twice our size. Its just an animal, but that makes it more unpredictable. The slunk that rides it is intelligent. Shoot the rider, not the beast. A dead beast is cover; a live beast creates confusion. The anatomy of these slunks is basic; shoot in the torso and theyre dead.
The elevator stopped and the forward door opened.
More on the flight so keep chatter down, Harlin concluded. Take a walk. Harlin led the platoon to the staging area adjacent to the RSBT launch platform. The platoon followed protocol and knelt out of harms way as the launch deck was notoriously dangerous. Second platoons launch platform was on the first level of the RSBT platforms, to the left of first platoon, and to the right of third platoon. Their loading officer was Staff Sergeant Cabrera, a regular, and flew with second platoon almost everywhere. He shared the RSBT 4412 with the pilot and copilot Master Sergeant Hartford and Tech Sergeant Vicencio. This contact was where infantry met the air corps. 
Cabrera walked toward Harlin. He tapped his helmet to indicate talking on the comm. Taking over the platoon eh?
Thats the notion, Harlin replied.
Go ahead and board em, said Cabrera. 
Harlin turned to his platoon waiting on one knee or crouched for the orders. Second Platoon load up. Corvalles patrol, on the MTAV, the rest of you on the osprey, he ordered.
The platoon entered the side doors and filed into the deployment compartment. Harlin went to the rear of the platform where an MTAV was placed after its elevator from the garage. He took the SMG off his shoulder, stashed it in the front weapons rack between the two front seats, climbed in and sat in the MTAV front passenger seat. Akiona was at the wheel, Corporal Juhxin was mounting the gun and going through equipment checks, and Specialist Admin was settling into the rear right passenger seat, and patrol sniper Corporal Bataar in the left. Juhxin gave thumbs up as did Akiona, and Cabrera motioned the order to load the MTAV. Sergeant Akiona reversed the MTAV up the ramp into the ospreys rear compartment. 
Cabrera gave them thumbs up from outside on the deck, and hurried around the side to board. Tiki second prepare for launch, he said. Pilot, all loading is complete, we are green for launch.
Standby, said Vicencios voice over the comm. 
The loading bay was busy that morning; the entire company was deploying at the same time. Though Tiki was the first squadron to load, they still needed clearance from Porthos command to launch. 
Launching in five, Vicencio said. 
On zero the osprey launched forward, away from the platform, and within a few seconds was out of the Porthos launch bay. The bright launch bay was noisy and humming with announcements, engine sounds, and alarms signaling incoming ospreys or others going out. Outside the planet was dark and silent: an amazing contrast to the heat of two days ago.
Harlin knew the flight wouldnt take long, and in a few minutes they would be deposited on the plateau for the night.  He started specific orders. Tech Sergeant Dean.
Sir? Dean replied.
Drummer, you take my patrol, Harlin said. Corporal Baatar?
Sir?
Your Drummers new sniper, said Harlin. The patrols would change again once they had their new rifleman, but for now he had to short one patrol a man; that would be his patrol. Second Platoon, our orders tonight are simple. We will be deployed north of a resource cash to defend our mining teams from any slunk advance. Our orders are primarily look out, and defense of a narrow valley about five tares from the operation. Rico squadron and Hilos tiger units will be charged with smothering their advances. We dont expect any action, but we are there for security. Use night vision optics, and double check motion tracking systems are working properly. Dont lose your battle-mate, and always remain in communication range. Once we deploy, each patrol will scout from the ridgeline down into a draw and remain on duty until further notice. Emtavs are on the ridge to provide cover. I expect regular reports every hour, throughout the day. Keep your eyes up and your ears open. Any questions?
Is it just our platoon for the entire ridge? Dean asked.
No, the entire Tiki Squadron has the ridge, Hopper said. Major Kajo is with third platoon.
One squadron for an entire ridge? Sybrowsky said with curiosity.
Command doesnt want any number of these slunks making this resource extraction difficult, Harlin said. Were pulling out plutonium, and Northrop had a hell of a time yesterday with these slunks.
There was no more chatter. In flight, Harlin looked out the back of the osprey; there wasnt a lot to see. The night sky was deep blue. The stars were bright because there was no moon, but that also meant there was no natural night light. The only indication of terrain was the black silhouette of the mountains against the starry sky.
One minute to deploy, said Vicencio. The LZ is clear.
Platoon, check your weapons, safeties on, magazines locked, helmets sealed, visors adapted, and suits active, said Harlin as he checked his gear. Once the osprey is clear, I want all patrols on me.
Were coming in, stand by, Cabrera said, Prep the badger.
Sergeant Akiona turned on the MTAVs fuel cells. The dash board lit up with all the monitors and instruments giving data and intel about their surroundings: elevation, speed, weather, and vehicle statistics such as load weight, and power output. The hum of the MTAV was so familiar Harlin felt comfortable and at home in the seat. Akiona activated the automatic terrain suspension compensator. The badger lifted off the deck. The badgers flood lights spilled light out the back of the RSBT, and drenched the ridge top they were flying over. They had an excellent view of what they would be driving out onto. The plateau ridge was flat, and supported yellow tuffs of grass and a rust colored rock. The terrain would be easy to maneuver through on foot or by vehicle.
Clear! said Cabrera. Deploy now, now, now.
Akionas sharp acceleration launched the MTAV badger from the airship. The slight drop off the back of the osprey was only a few meters. They landed with a jolt; the tires spun for traction. As soon as the badger had a grip on the ground, Akiona turned sharp right in order to parallel the rig with the edge of the plateau. The MTAV stopped and settled. The cougar had gone a few meters down ridge to deploy the soldiers, and Harlin watched him advance on his location. They formed up on the MTAV, and Harlin stood in his seat. When all was unloaded the ospreys impellers increased rpm and its scram jets took it away. 
With a quiet sky, Harlin made the assignments. Drummer, take your patrol down this first draw, he said pointing west. 
Sir, Dean said and he deployed his team. Bataar climbed from the back of the MTAV to join his new patrol.
Harlin continued. Sybrowsky, take the next draw. Jung and Prado follow the ridge to the south and move into the tops of the next two draws. Well take the end of the ridge. Akiona move out. 
The MTAV moved two hundred marks down ridge to where a small cliff dropped off into the abysmal looking valley. Harlin looked to the edge of their spot lights and couldnt see anything beyond them. Attention all patrols, he said. Switch to night optics; lets not use our halogen lights. Akiona, switch the badger to NV.
Copy, she said, and deactivated the head and flood lights.
The interior side of the windscreen illuminated like their helmets. The windscreen enhanced the incoming photons and displayed the night time terrain before them as thought it was day washed with a mild green luminescence. Then the night optics took over, Harlin could see much farther than with lights. Even in the darkest night there were countless photons bouncing around; the vision before them was nearly as clear as day.
All patrols, report all slunk activity, do not fire unless in danger, and keep both eyes open. We dont want to be surprised. Harlin waited for the replies. Four replies, one from each patrol leader, and each to the affirmative.
Harlin slipped out of the badger and walked to the very precipice of the plateau. The rocky table sat fifty meters higher than the steep dirty slope that led down. The valley was wide and the other side was out of night optic range: about one tare. 
Second Platoon this is Kajo, her voice came over the comm.
Standing by, Harlin said.
Status report.
All patrols are deployed; were settling in.
Well done, Master Sergeant, Kajo said. The harvester team is incoming with Hilos HAAV tigers, expect a lot of friendly movement for the next twenty minutes.
Copy that, Second Platoon staying on station, Harlin said.
The comm system was designed so only those addressed would hear the conversation. It was a new upgrade the men at research had developed. When the name of a soldier was said, his helmet comm and the other comm were connected without side traffic. If the user said all patrols or platoon all the soldiers in the platoon would be connected to the comm. If he needed to call up the line, it was as simple as saying Major. Before this voice command system, the comm was a mess; thousands of commands were being crossed, having to adjust the frequency, and even canceling out other conversations. This system simplified everything; in conjunction with their visors eye-tracking-cursor, soldiers never touched anything to access their scanners or instruments. It took some training, but now everyone was faster and more precise. They could record images, send scans, targeting information, run health checks, and even deploy and receive tactical information from Gesore. 
Platoon, dig in and get comfortable, Harlin said. Were here for another eight and a half hours.
Kajo was right. The sky traffic was heavy as vultures air lifted HAAVs into position, and the giant mining harvester was escorted down from Gesore. The mining team was a few tares northeast of their position, and after an hour was settling itself into the mining mode. There had been no contact from any member of the company, so Harlin was taking it easy. He was standing at the edge of the plateau without his night optics enjoying the brilliant night. 1The Milky Way band was thick across the center of the sky, as if someone tore open the fabric of space and gravity was pulling light from the atmosphere. He always hoped he was looking at Sol whenever he looked at the stars and saw a nearby yellow star. Every time they reached a new star system they had to recalibrate their star charts to identify their position. It had been so many anders and so many systems ago, that now no one knew which dot was home. They followed their star charts and computer navigations and trusted to arrive home one day.
Sir, have you found Sol? Specialist Admin asked behind him.
No, Harlin said. 
When do you think well get home?
Well, were predicted to arrive some time near ander four-hundred give or take ten anders. I imagine Ill be dead by then.
Thats an awfully negative way to think about it. Thats only eight anders away.
Im just being realistic. Gesores return trajectory didnt begin until ander one-eighty. With return flight made harder because of the variable speeds we can travel, Im predicting us seeing sol wont be for a few more generations.
I suppose thats possible, Admin agreed, but not willingly. 
Were on our way; dont mistake my realism for pessimism. I want to see Earth and Mars as much as the next soldier, Harlin added. I think about it all the time.
Do you think were lost?
What do you mean? 
Ive heard it said that weve moved beyond the point of return, Admin said. Because each system to system jump stellar cartographers have to recalibrate our star charts, and you can only be so accurate. Over time, the small percentage of error adds up, and we could jump right past sol. Thats why were still jumping from system to system.
I suppose thats possible, but we still have time. Harlin, nor anyone he had ever met, had ever seen Earth or Marstheir home: only the computer records, images, and maps. Even then, the images made it the most amazing planet he had ever seen. Every planet hes seen since he was born was too much of the same terrain, but Earth had a perfect balance of everything. Everyone on Gesore was home sick in a way. Earth was a place none of them had seen, no one they knew had seen, and no one the older generation knew had seen either. This was their heaven, and the people who lived there were angels. 
 Where ever Earth is, Harlin said, Ill see it sooner dying than
Harlin saw what looking like a ripple across the sky. As if the stars were spread out on a blanket, and had been kissed by just enough wind to get under it.
Did you see that? Harlin said.
What? Admin asked.
Harlin didnt answer, but cycled his imaging through his various options: infrared, regular and night optics. When his infrared appeared he first thought his helmet was malfunctioning because a large odd shaped block of heat was in the sky, but it quickly faded. There was nothing as far as his instruments could tell. It must have been nothing, he said. Ill have to have my helmet checked by the quartermaster.
 Hopper, I mean sir, Sybrowsky said over the comm.
Report, Harlin replied.
Ive got motion, but its at the verge of my NV optical range, Sybrowsky said. I think I have contact, but Im not certain.
Platoon, does anyone else have a reading? Harlin asked. 
Negative, was the common reply.
Sybrowsky, Harlin said. Take your patrol and recon the motion, report when you confirm your target. 
Understood, standby.
Harlin walked back to the MTAV. Akiona was still in the drivers seat. Akiona. 
Sir? Akiona responded.
Use the badgers, motion tracking system to scan the valley, as well as for any minimal seismic activity.
Seismic, sir?
The slunks are heavy enough they might leave a seismic trail. Theyre also designed for digging.
Yes, sir. Akiona worked with the MTAV sensor equipment. Sir, Im not picking up anything on the motion tracker, but I am seeing a faint seismic reading. It might be the planets norm. Ill work around it.
All patrols report in, Harlin said.
Jung: Good here.
Prado: All good.
Dean: Absolutely nothing, like my stomach.
Sybrowsky? Hopper said. 
Nothing confirmed yet sir, he replied. 
There was a long silence, and the only sound was Akiona working on the badgers equipment console. Sir, come look at this, she said.
Harlin walked to the MTAV and sat in the passenger seat. He looked up at the windshield display. The sergeant had the seismic readings mapped with the terrain; the reading looked like a thousand rain drops falling on the still surface of the pond, but not in any random order. It looked like a grid pattern across the valley floor. 
Patterns like this dont happen in nature, Harlin said. Sergeant Major Kajo, this is Tiki second. 
Copy Harlin, go ahead, Kajo said. 
Were detecting a seismic pattern in the valley, Harlin told her. Id request to verify with command whether its artificial or natural.
Copy that; Ill advise the major. Stand by.
Something like this would already be reported, Akiona said. Do you think it could be the mining?
Maybe, Hopper said. 
Master Sergeant Harlin, said Major Waite. Transmit your data and we will analyze.
Yes, sir, Harlin said, signaled Akiona to transmit the data. Transmission commencing.
Good recon, sergeant, Waite said. Have your men move down closer to the valley floor: send regular reports.
Yes, sir, Harlin said. Platoon, start a slow recon down your draws.
Copy, came back from all but Sybrowsky, because he was already in pursuit.
Hopper looked at Admin and Juhxin, who were watching the edge of the plateau. Load up, he said. The two ran back to the MTAV and took their respective seats; Juhxin on the gun and Admin at the rear left seat.
Akiona activated the terrain navigator, and saw a line through the topography where the badger could go. She activated the fuel cells which started the electric motors, selected the highest clearance setting, and the MTAV lifted. The large, meter plus tall tires fell beneath Hoppers feet as ground clearance increased. With the chassis one meter off the ground, they were ready to drive over any terrain planet 325O had to offer.
Move out, said Hopper.
He enjoyed driving the badger himself; as a master sergeant there was plenty of opportunities for that. Even more opportunities if he became a warrant officer. He sat comfortably strapped in, with his rifle between his legs, while the Sergeant Akiona crawled the badger over the edge of the plateau. The extreme flexibility of the MTAVs suspension made it look more like a spider than a vehicle. Their crawl took them down a nearly two meters high vertical edge, but avenues provided grip for the tires and room to maneuver. Once they reached the slopped section they traversed in the westward direction. They would keep behind the movement of their troops to see or detect any slunk flushed out of the other draws.
Master Sergeant Harlin, Major Waite called him again.
Go ahead Major, Harlin replied.
Intel came back from Gesore; they advise caution, there are no known geological causes for the seismic activity.
Understood, Harlin replied. Second platoon, command advises extreme caution.
Copy, Jung and Prado said together.
Boy dont we always get the fun jobs, Dean said. I copy.
The MTAVs bumps and jolts were all part of the ride. The tires were up and down, attempting to hold the chassis as still as possible over ground as rocky and uneven as this. A smooth ride was nearly impossible. 
Sir, Sybrowsky said. Confirmed contact: one slunk, three hundred degrees at three thousand seventy meters from my position. Looks like a scout. Hes pacing.
If it isnt threatening, do not engage, Harlin said.
Sir, forty five degrees, Admin said from the back seat. In the vast darkness a small light sprung to life. It was orange and waved and bent. Its a flame.
Stop, Harlin said. When they did they felt their seats vibrating, not because of the MTAV engines, but because the ground trembling. The seismic monitors on the MTAV windscreen increased dramatically. They could hear a soft series of thuds. Major Kajo, he said. We have contacts.
Soon there were three more flames, then six more, twelve more, twenty four, and within seconds the entire valley floor filled with thousands of flames. It was as if the stars in the sky were turning on one by one. The flames were everywhere. The featureless and dark valley topography was now defined by the location of each flame.
We see it, Kajo said. Do you have a reading?
What the trit is going on? Dean asked.
Harlin looked at Akiona who fed him information. Over five hundred heat signatures and rising, she reported.
Tiki Squadron, hold position and stand by, Kajo said through the comm.

CHAPTER 4: DAVID AND GOLIATH

APPARENTLY NO ONE IN THE SQUADRON KNEW WHAT WAS GOING ON,    because the comm was silent for nearly a burk. During the silence, Harlin stayed busy. He took images of the flames and crossed them with the patterns of seismic activity they recorded. After lining the two side by side, they were strikingly similar. 
He eventually distracted his driver. What is that? asked Akiona.
In briefing they told us the slunks were capable diggers, Harlin said. I think they either tunneled to us, or they were already here and were camped on top of their settlement.
Harlin was about to report his discovery, but the eruption of new flames pulled his attention. These larger flames ignited in a line near the front of the slunk ranks. As soon as they were lit, they were sent in motion: forward in a high arch, a catapult. 
Attention company, we have incoming! said Major Angelo of Delta Squadron. The long arch of the fiery projectiles left a trail in the night sky like a shooting star. The slunk arsenal fell short by a few meters, but when they hit the ground they shattered into pieces and set fires at the base of the HAAVs.
Hopper, have your snipers, target those catapults, Kajo said.
Harlin brought up his rifle while still sitting in the passenger seat of the MTAV. He zoomed in and took a closer look at the activities. The slunks without beasts to ride stood on one foot in formation, holding the spears with the other foot. There were about twenty slunks in each line and they were in groups of a hundred. At the head of each group was a slunk riding the beast. Behind these infantry ranks were several thousand beast riders. The catapults were positioned at the head of their army in a few crooked rows. It was stunning to think that five minutes ago, all of this was underground. There was some ingenuity in these slunks never seen before in Gesore encounters.
 Hopper didnt spend a lot of time thinking about the logistics. He found the first catapult and looked for a way to render it useless. There was a lever, a rope, an arm, the ordinance basket, and the frame. A simple design, but easily foiled. Tiki snipers, take out those catapults. I advise shooting the rope, Harlin said. Ill take first row, Baatar you take second row near side, and Specialist Lavelle second row far side.
Harlin took aim at a rope being tightened and prepped for the next launch. He took the range; the catapults were about one hundred to eight hundred meters. He took a reading on the wind and it was blowing steady at about five bits from the northeast. After setting calculations, he had his target and pulled the trigger. A slight delay between the bullet leaving the barrel to the target, and Harlin soon saw the results of his first shot. The rope snapped and the violent reaction of the arm surprised the slunks. Two slunks who were standing to close to the coil of rope were whipped in the torso. Harlin took aim on his second target, steadied his hand, and squeezed the trigger. The bullet flew true but only sliced half rope. A slunk on the arm of the catapult was helping another slunk load the next projectile. Both noticed the newly frayed rope. When the rope finally broke the slunk on the arm was launched into the air, and the other was sent over backward squashed by the weight of the ordinance.
The slunks launched their second wave of flaming fireballs. The anti-air defense system on the HAAVs activated, and Harlin watched the flashes of the rocket pods followed by a trail of smoke across the sky. The explosions of rocket versus fireball lit up, but also sent fiery rain toward the valley floor.
Attention company, said Major Waite. Neutralize the slunks. Tiki squadron, report the position of those catapults to Major Aplingtons grizzlies.
Second platoon snipers, tag catapults and transfer data to me double time, Harlin said. He used the scopes global positioning system and flashed a laser at various targets. The locations cued up on his scopes screen. After tagging twenty targets, he sent his information from his scope to his helmet visor via the electronic sync. When he received the data from his other snipers he sent the entire package to the grizzly commander Aplington for artillery support. Major Aplington, locations incoming.
Copy that, all units, prepare for artillery fire, Aplington said.
Tiki Squadron, hold position and await orders, said Kajo.
They all heard the high pitched whistle in the air from the tracer round. In a quick flash of plasma explosions, the line of catapults burst into fire; explosions tossed wood beams and debris everywhere. Flying rock and lumber cast into the ranks plunged them into scattered chaos. The exploding plasma shells moved outward from the center torching and burning ground, slunks, and everything caught in the storm. Harlin watched and waited. He hoped the slunks would take the hint and leave; the odds werent favoring the low tech in this fight. He heard some small laughter through the comm as the team watched the slunks scatter.
The fires died down and the bombardment stopped. Mangled burning wood was all that remained of the slunks ranged weapons. What fires did remain were in the hands of scared and disorganized slunks. From the valley floor, Harlin heard a faint thumbing as if the ground was reverberating and emanating sound. The sound crescendo reached a point Harlin could feel the throbbing in his chest. He looked through his scope for the source, but all he saw were slunks with gaping mouths. They were yelling. A single slunk would not have created such a sound, but with all their cries together, Harlin felt a level of intimidation that took him off guard. 
Command, do you hear this? asked Harlin.
Affirmative, what is it? Kajo asked.
Theyre yelling, he replied.
Tiki squadron, keep sharp, no one move, Kajo ordered. 
The slunks on foot separated, and the riders on beasts charged up the valley toward the HAAV Tigers under Angelos command. 
We have movement, Harlin said. Major Angelo, be advised, over five hundred slunks on beasts coming your way.
Copy that, replied Angelo.
When the slunks reached the slope and were closing the last few hundred meters, Angelos HAAV tigers opened fire. The loud and intense melody of the tiger weapon system echoed through the valley, and drowned the slunk war cry. Each HAAV Tiger had two, seven barreled, thirty five millimeter rotating Gatling guns. They strayed their gun fire from side to side and created heaps of beasts. So many slunks had charged forward the tigers were overwhelmed. A few riders would plunge their beasts up over the dead and upon a HAAV only to be killed by point blank tiger fire; the blast vaporized them.	
We need small arms support, said Major Angelo over the comm
Rico squadron, bring in your emtavs and get those slunks off the tigers, Waite ordered. Tiki squadron, flank the slunks from the north on emtavs. Turn their advance around.
Copy that, Kajo said. Platoon commanders, get your emtavs rolling. Rendezvous on me.
Copy, Harlin said, as he pulled his rifle back into the rig. Tiki Second, hold position and cover us from above. Akiona, lets move out.
Akionas foot floored the accelerator. The MTAV traversed across the slope toward Kajos location. Within three minutes they joined her, and only seconds after, the other MTAVs joined the formation.
Standard delta wing formation; Im point, Kajo said; she got out of her passenger seat and walked to the driver side. Master Sergeant Hong switched. Kajo stood in her seat to gesture her commands. Follow my lead. I want every badger one length apart, and three lengths behind. Lock your guns to fire outside only. Do not pass the badger on your inside. Dont turn your flood lights on until my command. Once we break through their lines, well regroup and make a second pass. Understood?
Yes, sir, they all responded.
Juhxin locked the gun position to their right side. They were the farthest to the right in the formation. After Kajo received the signal from her gunner that the mount was set, she accelerated forward. They had about half a tare before they were knocking on the slunks flank, but they would cover the distance in a no time.
The tires over the uneven terrain jabbed up and down; Harlin was comfortable for the moment. He couldnt use his sniper rifle while he was in such unstable conditions, so he reached to his left, to the small locker in the center console, and pulled out his SMG. He checked the clip and cocked the gun. There were extra magazines in the lower compartment of the same locker, but hed have to shoot thirty shots before hed need one. Behind him he could hear Specialist Admin prepping his LMG, which combined with the three barreled badger gun Juhxin would be firing, doubled their slunk slaughtering capacity. Harlin doubted any one of them was going to have to aim, there were so many.
Punch it, Kajo said and her MTAV leapt forward.
Their flood lights went on, and the slunks were caught in blinding shock to see the attack. Kajos badger was the first to pound through their infantry, followed by Master Sergeant Levy on her right side, and then Harlins at the far right. The slunks were small, less than a meter tall, and running like bugs in every direction: confused and scared. The MTAV tires jolted whenever a slunk was caught underneath, and each wheel turned the same slunk color orange Drummer had all over him last shift. Harlin, Admin, and Juhxin opened fire out the right side of the MTAV. At the end of Harlins sights he could see the targets he hit, and the small orange spat which came with every bullet impact. The sounds of their guns firing filled the air, and mingled with the cries of the slunks.
Lower your suspension, Kajo said half way through the slunks. The slunks are too short; lets hit them dead on.
The MTAVs lowered, and Harlin felt the difference in speed and in the bumpiness of the ride. There was now a constant pang of slunks hitting the front of the badger. They would have a messy rig by the time the night was over. A few hit slunks were jammed in the suspension, and some were flipped over the top of the MTAV. Juhxin had to kick their carcasses off the back, so he could keep firing the gun. One slunk actually hit Harlin as he was changing clips in his gun. There was no injury; it was just annoying.
Sir? Akiona said as she pointed toward Kajos MTAV.
Harlin looked left and saw the lead MTAV sinking into super soft dirt. The MTAV slowed, and as they dropped speed the gunners had stopped firing. The left side of the MTAV dug deeper into the dust. This prevented Kajo from turning right or left. Harlin stood in the seat to look over his MTAV to watch. A hidden slunk tunnel collapsed in front of Kajos rig and the MTAV hit a hard chunk of rock. The sudden impact on the front left tire flipped the rig end over end. The rigs momentum was still near eighty bits so the cart wheeling was jarring and violent. Master Sergeant Hongwho had swapped places with Kajohadnt strapped in and was ejected from the MTAV. His body looked limp as it flung into the scattering slunks. The rig finally landed on its left side in the collapse tunnel and slid to a stop in the dirt. The MTAV was completely stuck and perhaps undrivable. The passengers should be protected, but Hong may have suffered some minor injury.
Coming back into his rig, Hopper had to report to command. Attention Command, Kajos MTAV is down. I repeat Kajo down.
Copy that sergeant. Waite said. Whats her condition?
Unknown. Harlin replied. The emtav has flipped, and I dont see movement. I suspect theyre pinned but unharmed.
Understood. Complete prior orders and, standby.
Akiona drove the MTAV as ordered, while Admin and Juhxin continued firing at the scattering slunks. Hopper alone worried about the condition of the other MTAV. They soon broke through the other edge of the slunk ranks, and Akiona turned sharp left loosening the tires grip of the terrain and sliding around. The MTAV lurched to a stop facing the path they just trod through the slunks. Harlin dropped his SMG and pulled up his sniper rifle to look through his scope.
Major Kajo come in? Harlin asked. Kajo to you read?
Looking at Kajos MTAV from here, it didnt look too damaged and might actually drive if righted. Kajo was in the drivers side pinned in the dirt, and there was no movement from either one of the passengers. Looking up and down the trench, he noticed the deliberately dug edges, and remembered what Jane said about the harl-beasts being well suited for digging. This was a tunnel they came in on, or a tunnel trap waiting for them to fall into. All around the crash were slunks on the move. Some were curious to see what the MTAV was, but some were struggling to pull themselves out of the dirt fallen on them from the tunnel collapse.
Second platoon, cover the Majors emtav. Hopper ordered; he himself opened fire on any slunks who ventured too close to the vehicle. Weve got to get in there.
We risk falling into similar trenches. Akiona pointed out. 
Harlins mind went through the sequence of events. If there was an osprey in the area they could have them in and out fast, unless Waite had to call one in. If they drove in to pull them out, they risked falling into another trench and making more problems, however, it was the fastest way to secure their safety. There were lots of factors to consider, and not to mention all the slunks. If the slunks decided to, there would be no reason to keep their numbers from quickly surrounding the wreck and putting to use their sharp spear tips.
Command, permission to retrieve the Sergeant Major and her crew, Harlin requested. There was no response. Command advise. Still nothing. If Waite had called in an osprey he would have told them. Harlin wondered if command knew the severity of the situation. Levy, what is going on with command? he asked.
No idea, but somebody needs to go in after them, Levy responded. Our cover fire wont work forever.
Waite issued orders to standby, said Master Sergeant Talkinta. He sat without weapons firing with the MTAV from Bjorns patrol that she had sent without her in it.  She was still on the ridge with her platoon.
Harlins desire to obey orders was overruled by his need to keep his comrades out of harms way. Attention command comm this is Master Sergeant Grant Harlin, under battle operations article twenty-one, I am taking affirmative action in the place of my absent commanding officer, command code six-six-one-zero, authorization code two-nine-nine-nova two-eight-alpha, new action: assume command of Tiki squadron. Harlin announced. The central communications computer automatically recognized the article and codes; he was now acting Sergeant Major. His helmet view-screen instantly displayed the location and vitals of the soldiers in the entire squadron, including Kajos. It also meant the other Master Sergeants would be directly routed to him and not Kajos comm. Tiki squadron, cover the crash site, Levy, Talkinta, you dont have to follow my orders, and can stay here if you want, but Im moving in to retrieve Kajos team.
Sir, Akiona objected. They wont all fit.
Here, take this, Harlin said picking up his sniper rifle and giving it to her. Stay on this ridge, and cover our backs. Ill drive. Akiona took the gun, and hopped out. Harlin picked his feet up over the center console and slid himself into the drivers seat. He adjusted suspension settings and the drive system, synced his PDS with the MTAV, and was ready. Juhxin, Admin, if you have any objections Ill take them now or get out.
Negative sir, Admin replied.
Lets move, replied Juhxin.
Juhxin, cover the left side, Harlin ordered. Admin, cover right. Set?
Set, they replied.
Harlin floored the accelerator and was quickly up to one hundred bits: the speed of their first charge. He still accelerated. He tried to follow the same path they drove on their first pass: already knowing it would be free of trenches. In a few seconds they were into the slunk ranks, which still had not come together since the first flanking. The dead slunks made more bumps in the road, but nothing was getting in their way. Harlin was all the way up to one hundred and sixty bits, and hit a large bump. The MTAV caught air and was suspended for a few seconds. The helpless feeling of being out of control forced Harlin to prepare the rig for a hard landing. He locked up the steering so not to jab hard right or left on impact, and stiffened the suspension. The landing jolted all of them, and the rig clanked as its suspension took the hit.
Yee-Ha! Admin cried while holding down the trigger of his ten millimeter machine gun.
Within a minute they were sliding to a stop meters away from Kajos MTAV. Harlin reached back to the center console and pulled out Akionas assault rifle. He unhooked his straps and stepped out of the vehicle. The slunks were merging on the wreck, but their presence startled them back. Everyone had close range targets. 
I want you to shot anything within twenty marks, Harlin said remembering the slunks effective range. He snapped the rifle around and pulled the trigger. Three bullets sprayed an advancing slunk with his spear in foot. The shot not only dropped it, but deterred the other slunks near him. Sergeant  Dean, how you guys doing up there?
Like shooting stars, Dean replied. Nothing could be easier.
Keep an eye on the slunks, be our spotter.
Copy that.
Harlin ran to the other side of the MTAV where Admin was laying down cover fire. Looking over at the crash, Harlin could see the badger gun on the back was snapped off in the dirt, but there was no sign of the gunner. He was probably wedged between the rig and the ground. Admin, cover me, he said.
Go, replied Admin.
Harlin had the rifle up tight to his shoulder and was hurrying across the ground. He pulled the trigger a few times, and was able to connect with a few curious slunks. He could see a line of them thirty meters from the other side of the MTAV throwing their spears. The slunks aim hadnt hit anyone yet, but he could hear their spears ricochet off the MTAVs titanium-carbon plating. He jumped into the trench, and took cover beside the MTAV. There were slunks crawling out of the dirt still, and some were helping others. A few were dropped by the snipers on the ridge, but Harlin still shot a few within spitting range.
Harlin pulled loose the strap from the rifle and threw it around his torso so he could have both hands to work. The left side of the MTAV was buried in the ground and the left front tire was completely detached from the suspension arms. The MTAV wasnt going anywhere. He went to the back where the gunner was supposed to be. Harlin didnt know his name or he would have brought up his information on the helmet display. He looked in the back between the trench wall and the MTAV bed. He could see feet sticking out of the soft dirt, but nothing else. He tried to pull the soldier loose but the dirt had wedged him under, and Hopper didnt want to risk pulling too hard and straining already critical injuries.
Next he was going to look for Kajo. He scrambled up the other side of the trench so he could look down through the passenger side. When he brought his head up over the edge of the trench, several slunks were bearing spears down on him. Harlin covered his head and ducked behind the rig for cover. He heard a loud crack, like a jolt of lightning, and felt percussion across his chest. Had someone thrown a grenade? 
Report? Harlin asked.
Good, here Admin said. We got them on the run.
Harlin wanted to ask more questions, but he didnt have time. He turned back to the rig and looked inside. In the back seat there were still two soldiers. The one on the outside seat was not responsive. The soldier on the inside seat was trying to free his straps, but was unable because of his position and the dirt thrown into the rig. Harlin looked at the limp soldier on the outside. His visor was able to see enough of his face that it ran the facial recognition program and identified him as Corporal Luvian. His eyes were closed, and as Harlin found his health status on his PDS; his vitals were normal. He had been knocked out or had passed out. Harlin went to the front seat. There was no one in the passenger side, and he remembered Hong being tossed like a toy out of the flipping MTAV. Hopper feared the sergeant had landed wrong and would be completely broken. Hopefully his suits jell layer absorbed the impact and prevented any life threatening injuries. Harlin was glad to see, Kajo still in the drivers seat, but she was also not responsive.
Trying to think of a solution, Harlin heard a few tink sounds as spears from the slunks came down on the MTAV. He rolled over, and pulled up the assault rifle. He started to pour rounds into the slunks who had created a perimeter around the MTAV at about fifty meters. The squadron was covering the interior well, but the slunks could throw farther.
Admin, Juhxin, how are you doing? Harlin asked.
Running low on ammo, Admin replied.
Barrels are getting hot, Juhxin added.
Save what you can. Make every shot count.
Just as Harlin was about to turn around to get back to the MTAV, Master Sergeant Levy in his MTAV, came bouncing through the slunks, and slid to a halt beside the trench. The driver and passenger behind jumped out with their rifles and laid down cover fire. Levy shouted to Harlin. Hopper, well create a perimeter. Get them out!
Harlin put all his focus on the MTAV and extracting the soldiers. It would be hard to un-strap the unconscious ones and not have them fall on the others below them, and how would he pull Kajo and the other from the bottom of the rig. Harlin would have to put the MTAV right side up, and then pull them out.  That would also free the gunner, who was still trapped by the dirt and rig. 
He clamored to the other side of the rig and crouched between the trench and vehicle roof, his feet dug into the dirt, and his back pushed against the roof. Harlin pushed with all he had. His legs burned, but he was making progress. The MTAVs were built light, but they were still difficult to move. He made good progress, but his legs were now fully extended. He gripped the roof rack on the MTAV and push up with his arms. He continued to push the MTAV away from the dirt wall. Before his arms were fully extended, gravity took over and finished pulling the MTAV right side up. When the vehicle fell free, Harlin fell into the dirt beside the rig. 
He fell next to the buried gunner; he uncovered him easily. It was Specialist Mariani. Her Helmet visor was cracked but not broken. If it did break, she would have respiratory problems and risk bubbles in her blood due to the atmospheric pressure differences of the planet. Harlins screen came up with her vitals, and she had a high but steady heart rate, and her breathing was fast but strong. Her left arm sustained damage, and there was some damage to the chest. Harlin scooped her up out of the dirt, and carried her to the top of the trench. He ran her over to Levys MTAV and set her in the back at the feet of the gunner. Levy could only take one.
Harlin went back and jumped into the trench. When he got to the MTAV the passenger behind Kajo who had struggled earlier fell out of the seat. Harlin ran over, and sat him up. Can you hear me? he asked. Corporal Faulkner looked up, and tapped to his ear piece. Broken comm? Faulkner nodded. Okay, but you can still hear me. More nods. Are you hurt? He shook his head. Get out, take your rifle, and provide cover fire.
Corporal Faulkner stood, reached into the MTAV, and grabbed his assault rifle. He checked his weapon, cocked it, and then charged up the side of the trench to do as instructed.
Harlin went to Kajo. She was unconscious and her vitals showed she had a neck injury: probably whiplash. Neck injuries were serious and she would have to be moved carefully. He decided to wait until last and help getting her out.
Harlin! Major Waites voice came into his ear sharply. You were ordered to stand by.
Yes, sir, Harlin replied.
Why did you override Kajos command control?
She was incapacitated due to the emtav crash sir, Harlin said while moving to the other unconscious soldier. The situation needed action and I determined to act.
I have a RSBT osprey in bound on your location, Waite said. His tone suggested he wasnt happy, but would allow him to continue unhindered due to the circumstances, ETA one burk.
Copy that sir, thank you.
Harlin arrived at the side of Sergeant Advante. His vitals were similar to Specialist Mariani, and his right arm was broken. His arm was most likely tossed from side to side as the badger flipped and crashed in the dirt. He found the strap and tried to detach it but it wouldnt come. Harlin pulled out his knife and cut the straps. Advante was free, and he pulled him from the MTAV and placed him on the ground carefully.
Sir, Im out of ammo. Admins voice informed him.
Is Corporal Faulkner on board?
Yes Sir.
Stand-by, Harlin said, knelt down next to Advante, and rolled him onto his shoulder. He carried him up the side of the trench and placed him in the passenger seat of his MTAV. Admin was in the process of climbing into the drivers seat. Use the rest of the badger ammo to provide you cover while you drive back to the ridge. Once your there, pick up Akiona, and wait for orders. 
Copy. What about you and Kajo?
Waite has sent in an osprey.
On the badger gun, Juhxin was spinning and hitting slunks in a one hundred and eighty degree radius. Slunks were throwing spears. The spear tips stuck in Juhxins body armor and a few were in the rubber lining of the tires. Harlin tapped Faulkners shoulder and pointed to the MTAV. Get in.
The corporal boarded and continued to set down cover fire.
Go, Harlin said.
Sir, Admin replied, and floored the pedal. The badger spat dirt behind it, and jumped forward into the darkness. 
Using the dust cloud as cover, Harlin brought his rifle forward and opened fire. Without the MTAV for cover, spears were flashing past him, bouncing off his armor and some were sticking. He retreated backward toward the trench and jumped in. 
Hopper hurry up, theyre getting bold, Levy said.
You can leave if you have to, Harlin said.
I dont like that idea.
Me either.
The last thing Harlin wanted was to be stuck in the center of an army of slunks with nothing but his pistol and half a magazine in the assault rifle. The osprey would be there soon, but he also had to find Sergeant Hong. He brought up his location and vitals on the display. It wasnt what he was expecting. The image would show minor injuries as yellow and severe as red. However, Hongs entire display was red; he had been killed by the crash or the slunks. Hopper wondered if he should find his body or wait until the battle zone was cleared.
Command, Hong is down, Harlin said. Repeat, Master Sergeant Hong is KIA.
Looking up, there were a few slunks who made their way into the trench and were approaching the wreck. Harlin took aim, and scattered the advance.  
Hopper, I cant keep covering every angle, Levy said.
Ill call in artillery support, Harlin replied. Get out of here. Harlins attention turned to his long range cover fire. Sybrowsky, Dean, talk to me.
Lots of target practice up here, Dean said. Were running low on rounds though.
Good here, Sybrowsky called back.
Mark a twenty meter perimeter and relay the data to Major Aplingtons grizzlies.
Copy that, they replied.
Command this is Master Sergeant Harlin, request artillery back up.
A negative, Sergeant theres an osprey in bound, Waite replied. 
That osprey needs a place to land, and these slunks are on me tight.
If I authorize the artillery, the osprey extraction will be delayed a five minutes. Waite didnt sound happy.
And if the slunks dont come in, youre going to have two perforated soldiers in two minutes.
Stand-by, said Waite. 
Harlin knew about his end of the battle, and had no idea what was happening with Rico Squadron and Angelos tigers.
Tiki this is Hilo, Aplington said. We acknowledge request, standby for close fire artillery. 
Levy, get out of here. Artillery in bound, Harlin called out. 
On the move, Levy replied. Team load up. A pause in the weapons fire and a flood light flashed later, Levy was gone.
Harlin went to Kajo. He wondered if he should risk moving her out of the rig before the osprey came or wait for help. Thinking didnt last long, as his attention was stolen by the cry of a harl-beast charging down the trench toward him. Harlin lift his rifle and took careful aim. The beasts head lowered and screamed again. Harlin shot the rider, off its back, and put a few rounds into the head. The beast didnt stop. He jumped out of the way and the beast ran past chomping its jaws trying to bite him. The beast slid, turned, and came after him. Harlin fired rounds into its neck and chest, and it finally fell to the ground. While getting up, Harlin noticed spears raining down on him. He held his arm up to shield his visor, and he hurried back to take cover under the MTAV. Once he was in place he heard the high pitched whistle of the first tracer round from the HAAVs.
Everything went silent. The massive sound waves from the artillery explosions were cut out by his helmet and all he could hear was the sound of his breathing. Kajo would be fine inside the MTAV, so he hunkered down and waited it out. Fire burst around the edges of the trench. The blasts of discharging plasma vaporized slunks within fifty meters. The shockwave of the blast would level any unprotected creature within a hundred meters of the center. The artillery didnt last long, but when it was over, Harlin got a new transmission.
Hopper do you copy, said Vicencio. RSBT 4412 is two seconds out. Confirm visual.
Harlin stood and searched the sky. He saw two front lights of the osprey coming down on him. Copy, I have a confirm visual, he said. Lighting beacon. He reached to his helmet and activated his emergency beacon: a red light built into the top of his helmet. It flashed upward.
We see you sergeant, starting our approach. Stand by.
The osprey came down and circled once while spitting bullets from its forward guns. The side door was open, and when it was low enough, Cabrera jumped out with his rifle firing, and advanced toward the rig. How bad is she? he asked him.
Neck injury, I need your help to move her, said Harlin.
Together they were careful and pulled her out of the MTAV and onto the ground.
Let me get the gurney, Cabrera said. He ran up the trench wall and back toward the osprey. Harlin unloaded the rest of the magazine in the pistol and holstered it to bring back out the assault rifle. 
Cabrera came back with the compact emergency gurney. They pulled the rods apart; and the straps connecting them made the bed. They set it on the ground, lifted Kajo onto the straps, picked up the gurney, and crawled up the side of the trench toward the RSBT.
Is that everyone? Cabrera asked.
Harlin was about to answer when his PDS system flashed an alert he couldnt miss. The health monitors inside each suit transmitted vitals to the commanding officers so they could keep active and accurate statistics on each of their soldiers. When a lethal or fatal injury was sustained the system was designed to blare the status of that soldier to the commander, and by so doing assist in the recovery and treatment of the injured soldier. This particular alarm in bold red letters read Master Sergeant George Hong. Also his motion tracking system pin pointed the location and provided a compass bearing for him to follow.
Sergeant Hong, Harlin said. We need to find Sergeant Hong?
Where? Cabrera didnt have access to Harlins statistics on his own PDS.
Thirty marks at ninety degrees.
Understood, Cabrera relayed the information to the pilot, and the osprey swept away from the downed MTAV but stayed low to the ground. The ospreys nose machine gun sent more rounds into the swarming slunks, and the sea of bodies parted and left behind the carcasses. Hopper pulled another assault rifle from the ospreys onboard gun rack, and prepared to move out when they located Hong. In their gentle glide above the ground, they could see hundreds of slunk carcasses. Hongs body would have been preserved by his suit from the plasma shell bombing as long as it wasnt a direct hit.
There, Cabrera said, and pointed. One hundred degrees, ten meters.
The pilot went exactly that direction and lowered the osprey. Harlin saw the body. It was twisted awkwardly, with the head pulled back too far, and one arm pulled behind him. When they were close, Harlin jumped out of the osprey, fired a few rounds, grabbed the sergeant by the equipment harness, and hefted him up into the osprey. Cabrera took Hong, while Harlin climbed back onboard.
Thats a go, Cabrera reported, and the ospreys engines fired up to lift them higher and away from the destruction.
Clear the valley, Waite ordered over the comm. Angels are coming in. Were going to torch it. Tiki squadron, pull out. Harlin you and Levy, bring the injured to Winthrop outpost and well have medical teams standing by.
Copy that Major, Harlin replied. Levy, Akiona?  
Sir? She came back.
Hopper? Levy responded.
Prepare to transfer the injured to the osprey after the jimmies have torched the valley.
Understood, Akiona said.
Were pulling back, said Levy.
All other Tiki squadron, pull back to the ridge line, and stand by, Harlin ordered. 
Copy that, came in various forms from each subordinate.
Pilot?
I copy Hopper, said the pilot, Master Sergeant Hartford. 
Rendezvous on the north ridge to pick up the injured, and were going to need a lift to Winthrop outpost. 
Understood, waiting for the clear to move in, Hartford replied. 
Hopper finally relaxed. He had been on the edge of his nerves for the past five burks, and now he could slow down. He took deep breaths and calmed himself. What kind of reprisals would Waite have for him? His first day as a Master Sergeant and he was already defiant. He didnt want to become like Santino and loose his good reputation, but what was he supposed to have done? Command said nothing, so he acted. Was he wrong to do so? He would soon find out.

CHAPTER 5: BRAND SPANKING NEW

1THE JIMMIES CAME DOWN LOW WITH THEIR UNMISTAKABLE SCREECHING, buzzed past the soldiers on the sides of the valley. In a blink the airsuperiority fighters dropped their ordinance through the valley. Lines of smoke trailed missiles streaming through the sky. On impact the entire valley turned into a river of fire. All the slunks that had not been subdued by the artillery and the tigers were wiped from the valley floor. When the initial flame storm died, there were just a few smoldering hot spots; embers radiated their heat and quickly faded. 
When traffic in the sky cleared, pilot Sergeant Hartford turned the osprey toward Levy and Akiona. They transferred Advante, Faulkner, and Mariani from the MTAV to the RSBT; Levy joined Harlin on the osprey as ordered. Since Harlin still had active command of Tiki Squadron he ordered the MTAV party to return to Master Sergeant Bjorn on the opposite ridge and standby. The night was still young, and there were six hours left in their shift. The osprey took off again, and went up the valley toward Winthrop outpost. 
On their way, Harlin had a good view of the gore left in the wake of Deltas HAAV tigers firing, and Ricos support. Harl-beasts were piled in a fifty to seventy-five meter radius from the tiger line, with a few scattered inside. MTAV lights and infantry dotted their position. No slunk was moving. 
Landing in twenty seconds, said Cabrerra.
The mobile command station was located close to the mining rig still drilling. Harlin had no idea how much longer they would be on defense duty, but he had a feeling, they would be waiting for Northrop replacements by the end of their shift.
When the osprey came down on the command outpost, medical teams surrounded the LZ, and had a gurney for each member of Kajos MTAV. Faulkner walked, but the rest were carried. Kajo, Mariani, and Advante were still unconscious. Sergeant Hong was gently lifted down from the osprey onto a gurney and taken to a separate MPV. When the osprey was empty and the LZ cleared, Cabrera signaled they were clear, and the aircraft pulled up and disappeared into the darkened sky.
When the dust cleared, Chief Aina stood waiting to escort the two master sergeants to Waite. He took them across the staging area to the portable outpost. The command outpost was a twenty meter by forty meter box lifted into place by a heavy support battle transport during the deployment. It carried the hub of information between the units in the field and the MCP, along with housing command and communication staff. Waite oversaw most of their operations from this compact tin can. Having him give you his piece of mind in such a location meant that everyone inside the outpost could hear the conversation. 
The moment Aina had Harlin in sight of Waite, it started. First day after promotion, and look what you do, Waite said. Neither he nor Levy had time to salute, so they quickly assumed attention protocol. I would have expected such a move if Sergeant Santino had been promoted, but not from you. You moved into the direct path of an inbound air strike. Did you know that? I had AOSF raptors approved for fly by, and would have come in and wasted the slunks in seconds. But instead I had to tell them to hold back, fly around for a while, because I had some retarded hum blasting into the valley, just so he could give the slunks an ass to kick. Then as if to make the situation worse, I was forced to crowd the sky even more when you requested artillery support: support that would have been unnecessary, if I would have been allowed to send in the raptors in the first place. I gave you the order to standby. Do you know how incompetent you have made me and this company look? What the trit were you thinking? 
Waite stopped but Harlin didnt know if he should answer the question or let the major continue. I perceived the situation as dangerous, he said. Slunks were closing in, and I felt Kajo and the others were at risk of the enemys spears.
And you made it worse by risking your emtav, the soldiers in your patrol, and convincing Sergeant Levy that being a hero was a good idea, Waite said pacing the small distance he could. Son of Dr. Gerald Harlin, you know better than anyone the precision of your fathers directional plasma weapons. Its called close fire protection strategy. Or maybe you have your head so far up your ass, youve never heard of the invention. Frankly I am surprised you didnt all die because this stupidity. I could send you to the brig for insubordination, but I cant do that because you acted inside protocol. Youre very sly and I cant tell you how much Id like to further reprimand your foolishness. However, command wishes to commend you on your personal initiative.
Levy risked a glance at Harlin. They shared equal surprise by Waits final comment.
I may have given the orders for you to remain away from the crash site, but you protected your CO from slunk weapons. Waite took a deep breath and sat in his chair. He activated a hologram. After you reported Hongs death, I ordered a complete medical report on him from the stats in his suit. Master Sergeant Hong was not killed by the impact after being launched from the rig. His vitals flat lined two minutes afterward, with a spinal injury to the back of the neck. It was a clear defined point of attack, low velocity, and went straight through the base armor gel layer. What killed him was the slunk spear head. I am convinced if the slunks had the opportunity, they would have done the same to everyone of Kajos team.
Harlin felt better about his decision, but still felt responsible for the confusion hed caused. Not to mention the rash act that nearly put his and Levys team in the same situation.
Sir, what about the remaining field time? Levy asked.
I have been given orders to send units in a pursue, destroy, and recon mission after the retreating slunks. Apparently command wants us to see if the little buggers have a water supply. Rico is mobilizing as we speak and will lead the pursuit; you and the rest of Tiki will join them once Rico has tracked the slunks to their origins.
And Kajo? Harlin asked. 
She and her team will be transported back to the Porthos. I am revoking your field override Harlin, and Tiki command will be given to Master Sergeant Bjorn. Hongs platoon will be given to his first in command, Tech Sergeant Zooner. You will join your squadron on the ridge with your replacement MTAV and your spank which are both waiting outside. Your file on the new member of your platoon should load to your PDS within the minute. Once on the ridge ospreys will resupply your teams and wait for Rico intel to proceed. That will be all, Waite said already tired of the days work. Dismissed.
Levy and Harlin saluted and walked from the outpost. They relaxed once they stepped back outside. They looked for the new soldier: the spank.  
Replacement already, Levy said. I dont know who they found, but I hope
Harlin looked at him waiting for the finished phrase, but caught his gaze and followed it toward an MTAV with a small soldier standing next to it. 
I dont believe it, said Levy turning to Harlin. She is your replacement.
That might be a big deal if I knew who she is, Harlin said.
Thats my sister, he said and thumbed toward her.
Harlin stepped up to his new soldier. I am Master Sergeant Grant Harlin.
She broke her gaze from her brother, stood up straight and saluted. Pleasure to meet you Sir. Corporal Andrea Levy reporting.
Corporal, have you ever driven an emtav? Harlin said.
Youre kidding? Sergeant Levy said. Id rather walk.
Sir, yes sir, the corporal said. I had my full course during training, and Im full experience in MPV driving.
Okay, take the wheel, we have a squadron to rendezvous with, Harlin said.
I dont believe this, said Levy. 
You can walk if youd like, sir, the corporal said to her brother. 
Corporal, take the wheel and get us prepped to move out. Harlin watched the two. They were definitely siblings. As her CO he would have to keep them from bickering like they were related while on duty. The Levys may forget theyre on duty if left to bite at each other. Sergeant Levy may also unfairly wield his rank as leverage over his corporal sister. 
While Corporal Levy was prepping the MTAV, Harlin looked over her file through his PDS. The moment he opened her information, the PDS added her to his list of platoon members. She was a rifleman and had good enough skills test scores to be a sniper, but kept the marksman long rifle. She had excellent scores in rapid response tactics, and she was qualified to sync with an MTAV and MPV. She was a transfer; not a transfer from another army, but a transfer from the engineering corps.  
Move out whenever youre ready, Harlin said. 
Sir, Levy said, Where to? 
Are you synced with the emtav?
Yes sir.
Have you uploaded your commands?
No sir, she said embarrassed. She did so, and her display now linked with her platoon. 
Now you have the GPS system to tell you where the platoon is, Harlin pointed to the emtavs monitor. Move out.
Yes sir.
I hope youre ready to die, Sergeant Levy said from the back seat.
Harlin ignored him, sat back and relaxed. Corporal Levy jerked the MTAV forward, but once up to speed the ride smoothed out. 
The speed Levy was going was faster than Harlin would have gone; she was pushing one hundred and eighty bits. They came to more uneven terrain and she didnt change course or reduce speed. The top of the hill was coming closer quickly. Their momentum and the hill equaled flight. They were airborne for only a few seconds, during which Harlin had a crucial question to ask his new driver. Did you stiffen the suspension?
Oh Levys curse was cut off by the enormous bashing the badger had once it hit the ground. It lost much of its forward momentum. Levys foot was still on the accelerator so when the MTAV gained traction it spun out and slid in a complete circle. Her foot then went straight to the brake and she brought it to a sudden stop, spewing gravel and dirt everywhere. 
I told you this was suicide, Sergeant Levy said.
Shut up you chicken
Corporal! Harlin said. This is not a family feud; this is a military operation. Get this badger moving.
Yes, sir, she said. Sorry sir.
Levys foot went down more gently on the accelerator this time, and they were off. The next few tares, Harlin studied her as a person, and not her files. Studying her face, Harlin learned a great deal about her. She tensed up in a pinch because he could see her bite her lip when the driving became more challenging. She loved to laugh; that was apparent by the way her cheeks folded when she narrowed her eyes, and by the way she grimaced at large and uncomfortable bumps. She wasnt the large burly kind of soldier that female soldiers usually were, like Kajo, Akiona, or Mariani; she was smaller, thinner, and had a different kind of personality. The tests that determined your aptitude and placement had probably ruled her as the energetic, cant sit still, has to be competing type, not conducive to laboratory, or administrative work. These traits are the tough, dont like to be bossed around, can handle it, stubborn traits Kajo was known for, and were the reasons women were chosen as soldiers. Akiona was different in a way; she didnt show all of these traits, but had them buried underneath her strong silent facade. Levy might have these because of growing up with a strong competitive older brother.
Her transfer interested him. Out of training a soldier can only be ranked as high as a specialist, so her transfer from the engineering corps held some leverage and gave her corporal ranking. Also, transfers only happened by request. She wanted out of whatever she was doing.  Who did you drive for? Harlin asked, as they casually bumped along the terrain.
What? Levy said. She had her mind so filled with the terrain and driving that the first remark passed right through her mind.
Youre not a spank by the way you drive. Who did you drive for?
I was a mole driver, she replied. I had a personality conflict with my crew-boss, and so they had me retake the aptitude test. After the second time, they accelerated me through the arms course, battle tactics, and strategy lessons; last week I passed the rank advancement test and became a Corporal.
Rarely was the placement test wrong, and so Harlin realized she probably had answered dishonestly to the questions on the first round. She was also indecisive and this led her to make wrong decisions in a pinch. He didnt know if he liked that in a member of his team, but it wasnt a completely bad quality. Santino was like that; he just had a great gambling record and always came out on top.
The rocks got larger, and Levy slowed and changed the MTAV suspension. Their momentum was quickly swallowed up in the various surfaces they had to conquer. The line Levy had picked up the ridge face, had looked good at first, but was now almost impossible. The exponential gear ratio electric motors had lost their high pitched wines from several revolutions a minute and had turned to a low pitched hum. Harlin, who had never seen an MTAV fail on a climb, was shocked to find all the forward movement was gone. Corporal Levys foot was on the accelerator, and Harlin was confident the instant her foot lifted, the rig would roll backward.
Gata! Levy called out with sharp spite.
Harlin stayed seated, and wondered what she would do. He knew her pride would be wounded by asking for help. Harlin was more interested with how she acted now that shed got them stuck. He sat calm and waited.
Any day now, Corporal, Sergeant Levy said.
Umm, Levy said, looking down at the MTAVs displays, and then behind her. She looked out her side and saw where the left tires were. The front left was up against a steep rock preventing it from going up, and the back tire was on the edge of one rock, about to lose grip and slip between gaps in the rocks. Whats the other side look like?
Leaning out slowly so he could see, Harlin put strain on his seat harness and looked at the tires. Front tire is bottomed out, the rear is fine. He was so calm it alarmed the corporal.
What are you so smug about? she said, forgetting her rank. Sir? she corrected. If I dont back up just so, well roll over.
The roll over might solve our problem, Harlin said. 
Would it help if I got out and pushed? Sergeant Levy said from the back.
It might, Harlin said. They were laughing at the corporals expense and she was growing more agitated. Strap in; we have to roll.
If it were only that easy, Levy said. She had plenty of mole driving experience, but hadnt realized she was driving a rig built for battle, bumps, and bashing. She sat and became more frustrated. Gata, gata, GATA!
Let the rig roll backward and flip over, Harlin said again. 
She continued to be stubborn, but after a few seconds eased off the accelerator. They rolled backward. She kept her head out of the rig, looking at the back tire, turning the steering wheel so the tires didnt slip off the rock. She wasnt thinking about the front tire, and it got closer and closer to an edge. Harlin sat back, and realized she would flip it over, whether she wanted to or not. He tightened his straps and made certain his rifle was secured to the rig. 
The MTAV shifted and Levys head snapped forward to the front tire. It was slipping despite its exceptional traction. Son of a hum! Levy called out. She now had a choice. She could accelerate and get back into the same situation and have a second try, or she could turn her wheel and lock all traction and send the front tire off the rock, tipping the MTAV forward and down. That would drop the front left tire extremely low, and would hyper extend the right tire suspension. With the right two tires, and the back left also, the only way out would be to reverse, flip over, and then go down and make a second try up.
Hopper?  said Dean over the comm. Where are you?
Were stuck, Harlin said. Will be on the ridge shortly.
Understood, Dean said with a sigh followed by a chuckle.
Harlin turned to Corporal Levy to add, a cruel, but new element to the situation. Make a choice; the platoon is waiting.
Without hesitating, Levy turned the tires. It was just as Harlin predicted, and the front tire fell, and the back was high. Levy didnt stop there. As Harlin thought she would, she threw the rig in reverse to counter act the forward roll. The tires spinning lost traction and the rig fell forward faster. The movement tossed the center of balance to the front, and the vehicle was beyond driver control.
Trit! Levy called out.
Harlin felt the weight in his chair shift from being tipped. The flip was slow, and he had ample time to contemplate how this was going to end. He could see, Corporal Levys nose wrinkle as she sneered and pounded her fist against the dash board. The terrain was steep, and to prevent a continuous roll all the way back to the bottom of the valley they needed to lower the MTAVs center of gravity.
Sergeant Levys voice started low and then rose as the MTAV went over. He sounded like a little kid; his tone was only to mock his sister. Weeeee!
The back left tire rolled when all the weight was placed on it, and that made the entire thing comical as the MTAV momentarily ran down the mountain tip-toeing on one tire. The tire hit a snag and the rig went briefly air born. The moment of most extreme pain, was when the roof of the MTAV crushed into the rock, slamming and tossing their bodies about. The rotation of the roll changed from the diagonal axis back to the right and left and the next roll was faster, and quicker, but much less severe. As the pressure was put on the right tires, the suspension softened the roll, but could not prevent it. Harlin reached over to the control panel and lowered the suspension of the MTAV. The rig rolled over again, and finally all four tires hit the ground. The sudden lowering of the suspension gave the MTAV a wide enough base it didnt roll a third time, but did teeter back and forth for a moment after planting all four wheels on solid rock.
Levy pounded both her fists against the steering wheel, and rammed her back into the seat, and sat disgusted by her failure.
My turn, Harlin said. Sync to badger zero-five-one-three.
Levy was about to get out, but Harlin didnt let her. He would sync to the badger and drive it from the passenger seat.
How are you? Levy wasnt aware of what he was doing. 
NRS, said Sergeant Levy. Neural recognition software; didnt you read the manual? The same technology in the OBE is used to interpret brain patterns. You can sync to devices and operate them even if youre not in them. Hes syncing to he can drive. Oh, but you havent passed that course yet, corporal.
Corporal Levy watched him curiously while he took control from her. He had wanted the chance to drive the entire time, and was secretly hoping for the moment when the spank would do something wrong. Hopefully this was a way to beat the spank out of her before she had a chance to mess up and really hurt something or someone. After a few minutes on the settlings and controls, Harlin engaged the suspension, locked the chassis, and restarted the motors. Hold on to something, he said.
The MTAV leapt forward. The terrain was better felt because of the harder suspension, and the bumps were more staccato as they maneuvered and traversed over the rocky terrain. Harlin turned suddenly to the right, up a slight ridge and they started their assent back to the top. There was rock and obstacles so plentiful the tires were constantly bouncing up and down: jolting the passengers like dolls.
How would Corporal Levy look at her new commander?  Harlin tried to keep this lesson light. He knew that one bad experience early in a career could prevent excitement and learning later on. It was crucial he turn this into a good experience so he had fun with it. Harlin kept a wide smile. He steered with his mind, and worked the suspension with his hands. He watched his new corporal flinch at every threatening rock and hard jolt. She kept one hand firmly on the seat and the other on the handle on the MTAV frame. The top of the ridge was coming up, and the last few meters before the plateau the incline got steeper. The electric motors in the wheels were wining like the Stingrays scram jets, as if the ridge top was lift off of some ancient rocket take off.
Levy glanced over at Harlin and heard her brother laughing. Youre insane! she said over the sound of moving rig.
Harlin ignored her, and he continued. The MTAV smoothed out as they reached a speed that was fast enough the suspension took all the shock. The incline increased, the front of the rig was lifted higher toward the deep blue sky, and soon they had lift off.  The jolts, the sound, the ground all vanished, and all they could see was the early morning sky. When the MTAV began reentry they lost the feeling of gravity. The badger nose tipped forward and the far horizon came into view. Harlin adjusted the suspension to take the impact, locked the steering wheel, and braced. The MTAV hit the flat plateau, not soft, but less abrupt than if the corporal was driving.
Levy was breathing hard. 
Harlin was smiling and content. He had few joys and driving was one of them. He had much to teach Levy about the MTAV. First thing you did wrong? he asked.
Excuse me? Levy asked.
What was the first thing you did wrong?
I slowed down? she guessed; she didnt know what he was looking for.
No.
Wrong driving line This time she said it with confidence thinking it was the right answer.
No.
Levy looked lost without another answer.
You tried to drive the badger as if it were an MPV mole, Harlin said. Badgers are built for fast movement over any terrain. No slow crawling with heavy loads. Whats your second mistake?
I didnt use the suspension correctly, she said catching his method.
Exactly. Here you have almost five thousand different options. Suspension can eat up your speed. Whats the third thing?
Levy again was silent.
You need to drive with confidence. Drive the emtav as if youre trying to break it, and then it will respect you. If you drive and dont make choices or abandon them half way through, the badger will turn around and bite you in the ass.
Understood, she said. 
Harlin didnt like to point out where the soldier had been an idiot; he learned from Corvalle that the soldier would punish themselves enough. He had force them to see their mistakes and in that moment feel retarded. The other advantage he had in this case, was that Levy was still in the driver seat, and no one would have to know it wasnt her driving all along. Without the embarrassment, Harlin allowed her the moment to learn without ridicule from anyone else but him.
Nice driving, Bjorns voice came in over the comm. Now, regroup.
Harlin gave control back to Levy, and she flipped the MTAV around to drive toward the platoon at the end of the ridge. As soon as they arrived, Harlin and Levy returned to Akiona, Admin, and Juhxin in their original MTAV. Sergeant Zooner took what were now Hangs platoon leaders and filled the replacement MTAV. Sergeant Levy walked to his MTAV and rejoined his platoon. For the next few minutes, ospreys came to the ridge and deployed MTAV Camels, which had seating capacity for ten each to carry the rest of the squadron. Harlin assigned drivers for his other two MTAVs and was ready to move out as soon as Rico called. Fifteen MTAVs carried the entire squadron. With the new vehicles, the entire squadron also had refill ammunition. Everyone restocked their weapons and vests. With universal ammunition for all weapons, there wasnt any pushing or shoving for the best stuff. 
After reloading his sniper rifle and returning Akionas assault rifle to her, Harlin sat in the passenger side of the MTAV thinking about Kajo and the four others in her patrol. Faulkner could be out here with them now, because he only had an equipment malfunction. Kajo would be out for a while with a neck injury, as would Mariani with some bruising and Advante with a broken arm. But Hong was gone forever. No doubt command would institute stricter vehicle restraint protocols because of his death, but Harlin didnt mind being reminded of vehicle safety.  More than losing Hongs contributions to the squadron and experience, his death left another vacancy in the command group to be filled by another opportunistic soldier wanting to climb the ladder. Death wasnt a good omen to any planetary occupation, and while there was an average five deaths per occupation, the statistical likely hood of it being a soldier you knew was slim. Harlin realized he was rather unemotional during his moments of discovery of Hongs death. He didnt know how this would affect the others, but he took the quiet staging time to clear his head and mourn for the fallen comrade.
A voice over the comm shattered Harlins thoughts. Tiki Squadron this is Rico, said Sergeant Major Mortensen. 
Go ahead Rico, answered Bjorn.
Weve tracked the slunk movement, Mortensen said. They have retreated into an underground location. Command has ordered we infiltrate the slunk structure in multiple locations; Im sending the coordinates for your entry.
Copy that, Bjorn said. Tiki squadron, prepare to move out.
Akiona started the engines, and prepped the MTAV.
Second Platoon, said Harlin, secure weapons, strap in, standby.
He had placed Staff Sergeants Jung and Prado as drivers to the other MTAVs. They replied an affirmative and they all waited for the order.
Tiki, we have two locations to check, Bjorn said after receiving Ricos data. Levy, take yours and Harlins platoons to the southern locations. Hong and Talkintas platoons are with me. Be aware we have partial information about the intricacy of these tunnels. Transmissions with our geological surveys from orbit are being affected by a concentration of some still unknown substance. Download images now before we go deep.
Copy that, Harlin said. He used the MTAV controls and found the images and mapping available. Most of the images were surface only, so it wasnt going to be helpful, but he transferred the files to his visor anyway. He looked over his group of vehicles and men. Levy, were set and standing by.
Understood, follow me, Levy replied.
Levys MTAV, he was driving, turned away from the squadron and rolled down the ridge to the northeast. It didnt take them long before they were driving up the valley and following the disturbed ground where the slunks made their retreat. They soon fell into line with the tire tracks left by Ricos MTAVs, but they still had a several tares to go.
Sergeant, Corporal Levy asked, What happened?
Slunks snuck in underground, broke through the surface and attacked the grizzly line, replied Harlin.
I thought command said these things were intelligent, Admin added, laughing to himself.
What happened to Major Kajo? Levy continued.
Her emtav fell into a trench the slunks dug. She and her patrol have been dismissed for the evening. Harlin didnt want to recount the entire story, and hoped the questions would end soon.
Why are we pursuing the slunks? she asked.
Were ordered to pursue and discover the slunks location and in the process locate their water supply, Harlin said. Akiona, how much farther?
Two kilometers, she replied.
The drive on the valley floor was smooth, and on the horizon evidence of a rising sun was beginning to show. The slunks had tunneled a long distance before they revealed themselves. Harlin wondered if their underground tunnels naturally went that distance and they simply dug their roofs off, or if they had made completely new tunnels for the purpose of attack. It was an amazing feat of ingenuity either way. The underground tunnels could be expansive and reach out in directions for tares on end. If they did, then the slunk population was much larger than they initially predicted.
Hopper, I have the entry in sight, Sergeant Levy said. Lets hold here and cover the last few hundred meters on foot.
Copy that, Harlin said. Akiona, stop here.
The six MTAVs came to a stop, in a hilly area. The entrance to the slunk city was several marks over the next row of hills.
Second Platoon, have a patrol remain behind to cover the vehicles and the entrance, Levy ordered. The rest of fourth and second platoon, prepare to move out.
He had no objections to letting Levy command. He would prefer it: especially after the few words he received from Waite. Jung, are you authorized to sync with an eagle SR? asked Harlin.
Yes sir, 
Swap me weapons, Harlin said. 
Jung came forward with his assault rifle out. He and Harlin swapped. Specialist Lovell was already a sniper in Jungs patrol, so Harlin only had to swap out two more soldiers. Corporal Bataar and Specialist Levy, you two are now part of Jungs patrol for the rest of this assignment. Corporals Ryndzynski and Xin, fall into rank among the rest of us. Harlin turned to Jung. Sergeant, have your patrol remain here with the MTAVs and cover the entrance. Dont let anything in behind us, and if you do, give us a heads up.
Yes sir, Jung replied.
Im going in that tunnel and I dont want slunks on my back, Harlin said. Second platoon, prepare to move out. He got on the comm with Levy next. Second platoon is ready to move.
Lets go, Levy said, and waved them all forward.	
The forty five soldiers of Tiki fourth and second moved quietly over the few hills and were soon outside the entrance. It was a large hole, big enough for two harl-beasts side by side, and tall enough to drive and MTAV into. No slunks were guarding the entrance. Either they didnt feel the need, or they had other means of preventing unwanted visitors. Levy pulled some of his breachers forward and organized his platoon for entry. Harlin called Akiona and Crawford to the front and did the same. He and Levy looked at each other and nodded their readiness.
Move, Levy ordered, and the five breachers entered the tunnel shoulder to shoulder, followed by forty other soldiers. Harlins platoon followed Levys and Tech Sergeant Dean and Sergeant Sadoy took rear guard. All units disappeared into the alien underground.

CHAPTER 6: BELLY OF THE BEAST

TUNNELS WERE COVERED IN A FEW SHORT LESSONS IN THE BASIC TRAINING; theyalong with caveswere covered in the same scenario. This matched all typical tunnel exercises from the simulations. The tunnel went deep quickly, and from looking at the walls, were mostly dirt with a few rock intrusions where the slunks had dug around or cut through. There was no sign of technology; these walls were dug by hand or beast. Slunks were absent, and Akiona along with the other soldiers on point had only seen sign of recent slunks activity, but no slunks. 
After several minutes, the line progress slowed and halted. Hopper to the front, Sergeant Levy said from the head of the group.
Harlin came forward through Levys men. When he arrived at the master sergeants side, he saw the point soldiers covering two directions. A gentle curve left and a sharp turn right under an archway cut out of stone. Harlin looked at it close for a minute and tried to think of what his sister would see. There were definite deliberate cuts made in the stone, as if this rock vein had an arch inside it, and the carvers merely swept the unnecessary rock away. It showed artistic merit as well as some understanding of rudimentary mathematics.  
Any ideas? Levy asked.
Split up, Harlin said. Ill go right.
Fourth platoon, move on left, Levy said, and motioned them to continue.
Akiona peeled off the other point soldiers, and with Corporal Crawford, took position at the right tunnel entrance. Harlin gave his point the signal to move onward. As more of his platoon came to the arch he ushered them in. Tiki second, stay right. Standard check and clear formations, he said.
This tunnel moved several hundred meters down and had some odd curves in it as if they were on a giant spiral staircase. Every few hundred meters Harlin noticed more veins of harder rock creating a natural wall separating sections of softer compact dirt. The geology was interesting, but Harlin was there to be a soldier. He kept track of their depth and compass bearing. They were approaching one hundred fifty meters depth generally traveling in northwest direction. How deep would they have to go before they met a slunk? How deep did the tunnels go? How deep had the other teams been?
Akiona halted at another rock wall arch and held her fist in the hold signal. Contact, she said, Harlin to point.
Harlin came forward and peeked over her shoulder. An opening in the tunnel revealed a larger cavern carved out of the soft dirt, and opposite of them was another solid rock wall with arches opening tunnels in several tributaries. The cavern looked more natural than carved with its oblong shape and jagged ceiling, but there was definitely slunk work done to the caverns shape. In the far end of the cavern, there were a few slunks disappearing around the natural curvature of the cavern pulling sleds of goods behind their beasts. Scattered about the cavern in random and disorganized patterns were textile fabrics, pottery, and clay made benches, and various items probably more interesting to the slunks than to them; it was a market place. Harlin took an up-close look at the fabrics they had made, and they were nothing like the thick leather creations for riding their beasts; these were fine woven patterned and actually artistically accomplished creations. The random pattern was not the natural state of this location, but a result of an emergency evacuation. All items of importance were taken and the leftovers were carelessly abandoned. Harlin picked up what looked like a carved model of a harl-beast: perhaps a slunk child toy.
Clear, Akiona said.
Move after them, said Harlin. Stay far enough behind not to be noticed, but dont lose them. If they are running, theyll run toward water.
You sure there is water here? Crawford asked.
These pots arent made from solid rock, Harlin said. He remembered Gailynn would go on about her specialized school lessons in archeology and anthropology, and was not shy about her fascination with ancient methods of crockery. They require a composition of dirt and water to form clay, which is heated to harden them.
Someday youll have to explain how you know all this, Prado said from behind him.
Akiona move, Harlin said ignoring Prado. He knew this because his sister was an anthropologist and shared her archeology studies with him. 
Akiona and Crawford went into the open and across the cavern. Harlin stayed at the entrance and looked the cavern over for other activity and any stray slunks that hadnt moved on. In pairs he allowed his platoon to file out and along after the point. Harlin had time to analyze the complexity of this cavern. There were holes in the ceiling, obviously going all the way to the surface because of the shafts of light creating a pillar like effect down the center of the cave. At the opposite end of the cavern, there was a large flat stone on a central pedestal. The rock face was smooth and was reflecting the light coming from a ceiling hole helping to light the cavern. He deactivated his nigh optics and saw the cavern with his own sight. Before Harlin could admire more, Dean and Sergeant Sadoythe rear guardscame up to him ready to move across the tunnel.
Nothing behind us, Dean said. This has got to be the most boring tunnel network in the galaxy.
The slunks are going deeper, Harlin said. Keep an eye out for stragglers.
Harlin double checked their rear one more time before joining Dean and Sadoy. In the dark, he saw a flash of light. As if a piece of the wall peeled off and disappeared into the darkness. He checked his visor, and forgot it; these were the types of anomalies he came to blame on himself. He thought once he was a paranoid schizophrenic because of what he was seeing. He had yet to investigate his sanity, because the logical explanation was that of an equipment malfunction. Harlin turned and followed Dean.
Tiki squadortation, Bjorns came broken over the comm.
Repeat, Bjorn repeat, Harlin said.
Reportcation, she attempted again.
He checked his GPS. Were one hundred seventy-five meters down, at coordinates one-hundred fifteen degrees and twenty three minutes north, thirty-eight degrees five minutes east, Harlin said. No hostile contact. Slunks are moving deeper; were in pursuit.
Commference...atchstance, Bjorn said. Reporteration.
Say again, youre breaking up, Harlin requested.
Bjorn didnt reply.
 Tiki second hold position; Akiona situation report, Harlin said.
Holding, Akiona replied. Slunks are still moving lower.
Patrol leaders check your teams, and double check the count, were getting comm interference in the tunnels, Harlin ordered.
All clear here, Sybrowsky said.
Good to go, Dean said just a few meters ahead of Harlin.
I have visual on Akiona, Prado said.
Harlin waited for Jung. Jung report, he ordered, but there was no signal. Tiki second, stay close and maintain eye contact.
Copy, they all replied.
Harlin hurried to the front of his group to lead, just behind Akiona and Crawford. When he arrived, she was coming to a large opening in the far end of the cavern. This new adjacent cavern ceiling went up: from twenty meters to two seventy five or eight meters above their heads. The walls separated outward and they saw to their left a long underground canyon which could easily be kilometers long. To their right was a slope that looked as though it tapered to a point and the caves ending several hundred meters away and out of sight. The various rock veins that they had passed through created natural bridges to the other side of the canyon, and some were enormous and provided ceiling support. Stalagmites rose from the terraced left slope and stalactites drooped down from the overhanging far ceiling. The terraced canyon wall, the wall they stood on, was covered in rudimentarily clay shelters, and had patches of organic growth around them, either planted patches for food or a thin layer of moss. Limited light was provided by a few holes in the cavern ceiling, and a few polished domed rocks spread that light in as many directions as possible. Harlins gaze went down the slope, and it looked to get steeper farther below him.
Slunks are moving down the slope along that roadway, Akiona said pointing to a beaten path eighty plus meters below them on the same slope. The path looked to disappear under rock veins.
Move to that rock formation, and hold for the platoon, Harlin said.
Akiona and Crawford worked their way down the slope. Prados team followed up checking right and left flanks. Sybrowsky came next with his team checking their rear and up the canyon slope. Harlin heard muffled surprise from several soldiers as they all took in the sheer immensity in this underground city. 
Then Dean came out still checking the rear. Just when I think these slunks are useless, I see something like this, he said.
Impressed Drummer? Harlin asked.
Only if I see their plasma core generator, he replied.
The two came to the rock formation of stalagmites Harlin indicated Akiona move to, and they formed up. Patrol leaders on me, Harlin said. 
The three leaders surrounded Harlin. Do we follow? Prado asked.
They keep retreating deeper, Sybrowsky said. I dont know how much farther we can go without command on the comm.
Communication breakdown protocol is to fulfill previous orders and return to the staging area, Dean said. Well be fine.
These slunks have water, Harlin said. These structures and the plant growth need water. Its here, but I think in some kind of underground aquifer.
Do they know were inside? Prado asked.
They might not know were here, but they probably know someone else is, Harlin said. Rico has been here for hours already.
What are your orders? asked Dean.
Prado you take your team and head up slope and cover this canyon from the high ground, Harlin said, pointing to where the canyon wall met the overhanging slope. Drummer, you take your patrol up this canyon and follow it to its end. Sybrowsky, you traverse at this level and make your way down the canyon. Ill take my team after the slunks. If they need water, theyll be going toward it, not away.
What are we looking for? Sybrowsky asked.
Signs of water in high quantity, Harlin replied. Look for water running, dried up streams or pools. Find out where the water goes, and how it gets there. Harlin checked his clock. Weve got three hours until they pull us out and replace us with Northrop. Lets not give the other company any reason to come down here. Find the water before them. Maintain visual, and if you lose comm, fall back to that first cavern we came into. Understood? They all nodded. Lets move out.
The platoon leaders split and each of them peeled away from the rock formation with their patrols. He waited a few counts before turning to his patrol; Akiona, Admin, Juhxin, and Levy waited for orders. Akiona, you have point, he said. Admin, you have the rear. Were continuing pursuit. Without a word, they all formed up, Harlin tucked in behind Akiona, and Levy and Juhxin came after him. Harlin tapped Akionas shoulder and she lead them out. 
They allowed the slope to increase their speed, and hopped and moved over the slunk gardens and structures, and within a minute of their group parting, they saw a clear path through a stone arch and back into the tunnels. The canyon slope was steep and looking down, they only saw darker levels. While Akiona paused at the arch, Harlin kicked a rock off the edge and waited for the sound to travel back. No report sounded.
Take us in Akiona, Harlin said.
The light from the cavern was stolen away by the dense and tight tunnels they entered. Harlin switched back to his night optics. The tunnels dim winding way continued several hundred meters. There were a few tributaries, but after reading the slunk movement in the dirt of the tunnel floor, it was apparent the slunks were moving along the largest primary tunnel. They passed through several rock arches, but so far no underground caverns, and no sign of water.
Hold, Harlin said at an arch junction. Second platoon, sit rep.
Notho far, Prado replied.
All clear, Sybrowsky said.
Dean gave no report. Harlin and his patrol had moved far enough away, that their comm was now ineffective. Prado, relay to Dean.
Drummer reports no slunks, but they have water channels, Prado said. Eroded rock where water flowed, but no sign of recent water.
Understood, Harlin said. Were going to be a while, so do a full scout of that upper cavern, and then head back to the surface. Well be out before shift.
Understood, Prado said.
Harlin was about to give more orders, but a sudden crack and rumble in the ground pulled all thoughts away from his platoon. The ground beneath trembled them off their feet. Harlin used the wall to support himself. Dirt from the walls and ceiling fell in chunks, creating a haze of dust between them. 
What the trit! Admin said.
Was that an explosion? Juhxin asked.
Tiki second report, Harlin said. Did you feel the ground shake? 
Affirmative, Sybrowsky said. What was it?
Unknown, Harlin said. Relay the fall back order to Drummer and his patrol. Well rendezvous at the first cavern.
Copy that, Sybrowsky said. Pulling back.
Were pulling out? Juhxin asked.
I have a bad feeling about this, Akiona said.
Me too. These tunnels can wait for Northrop after a seismic and deeper geologic survey, replied Harlin. Lets move.
Akiona turned and started back the way they came. Admin and Juhxin followed, then Corporal Levy slower than the others. Harlin went last. After ten yards, the ground shook again. This time the trembling created a ceiling collapse that smashed Levy just in front of Harlin.
Move, Harlin ordered. He grabbed Levy by the leg to pull her free of the dirt, but when he had succeeded, there was no way to move forward. The ceiling was cascading down. He pulled Levy to her feet, and retreated to the rock arch they turned around at. They waited under the safety of the rock for the tremor to stop. When it did, they got a good look at the now impassible tunnel.
Hopper, you all right? Prado said. Were coming to you.
Negative, continue regroup, Harlin said. Akiona, sit rep?
Were alright, Akiona replied. The tunnel collapsed and we made it above the damage. Whats your position?
Unknown, Harlin said. Were in the dark side tunnel. Rally with the rest of the platoon, lead them back to the surface. Relay to command our situation. Well find another way out.
Understood, Akiona said. Good luck sir.
You too, Harlin said. He saw Levy still taking cover on the ground. On your feet corporal; switch to night optics.
Levy stood. 1Harlin took the lead. He slung Jungs assault rifle around his back and pulled out his pistol. It would be much easier to use in close combat. Levy was trailing behind, but Harlin didnt slow up. He had to make her move faster, so he picked up the pace. He checked his GPS. They were now traveling west. That was good, but they needed to take a left turn or a hard right and find a corridor leading back to the primary cavern. If they could find that, they could use it as a transfer zone and make it out easy.   
Harlin heard something from a side corridor to the right, held his fist up and Levy halted behind him panting. Gun shots, Harlin said, That way. He pointed down the way, and moved after the sound.
The shots could be echoing through and off of any solid rock walls and bouncing through the tunnels. Harlin was about to give up looking, thinking they would be lost longer if they followed the sounds, but the gentle curvature of the tunnel opened up another cavern. Rather than being at ground level, they entered the cavern on a raised slope overlooking a raw cave with little slunk influence. There were a group of slunks using the stalagmites as cover as they threw their spears at a formation of nine members of Rico squadron taking a poor defensive position at the far end of the cave. 
Blasted idiots, where did they learn how to shoot? Harlin asked. Levy, aim at the right side slunks and sweep left, fire on my command. 
Understood, Levy replied. She set herself up against the side of the stone archway. She was ready with the LMR tucked into her shoulder.  
Harlin stayed standing but remained concealed by the arches inside corner. He put his left arm against the stone and used that as a steadying point for his pistol. Fire.
The several slunks were caught unaware of their flanking attack. Harlin and Levy dropped each of the living slunks onto the corpses Rico had created scattered across the cavern floor. Harlin and Levy remained so well hid; Rico didnt even notice their presence. 
Harlin accessed his emergency communication protocol to open the comm so he could hear and talk to the members of Rico squadron. Command override for Rico Squadron Fourth Platoon, authorization code six-six-one-five and enter new command serial number two-nine-nine-nova two-eight-alpha, action assume command of Rico squadron.
The moment the command override was accepted he could hear Ricos chatter. That wasnt so tough. Theyll be more. Stay sharp.
Before Harlin stepped out of his cover and started his approach toward trigger happy soldiers, he spoke his presence. Rico squadron this is Master Sergeant Harlin of Tiki Squadron, Im approaching you from ten degrees: hold fire. 
At the sound of Harlins intentions, Rico weapons came up on instinct, but then lowered when the meaning of the words seeped through their less than porous minds. 
He spoke when they saw him. Status? he asked.
Sir, a man Harlins PDS displayed as Staff Sergeant MacGaffer. Were down fourteen. 
Separate? asked Harlin
Yes, sir, and killed, MacGaffer replied.
Explain yourself, Harlin said with stern command.
We were instructed to set our charges at the base of every rock segment, MacGaffer explained. Our charges blew early, and Master Sergeant Cortez, and at least five others were caught in the debris storm the explosion created. 
And the others?
We dont have information on anyone else. We lost our comm with command when we entered the tunnels.
Who authorized charges?
Rico command, MacGaffer said. Weve located the water source and were to blow the top off the cavern.
Idiotic! My men and team were in these tunnels. Does no one care that a bomb in the wrong place kills half of Winthrop? Harlin looked at MacGaffer who was gulping at the air in an attempt to speak. Im taking command, were moving out of the tunnels. Your bomb party has separated me from my platoon, so youre my new responsibility. Deactivate all charges, and no grenades.  
MacGaffer wasnt happy, but replied Understood, anyway.
Harlin made motion down the tunnel behind Ricos positionthe direction he wanted to go because it would point them back to the primary cavern, What is that way?
Cant go that way, said MacGaffer. Thats where we came from.
Right, single file, move down the length of this cavern, Harlin said. Standard check and clear formation: move.
Before Harlin could turn around with the group the ground beneath him shook, shifted, and unsteadied his balance. A stalactite broke from the cave ceiling and crumbled behind them. 
More charges going off? Levy asked.
Or enough charges have already gone off to weaken the ground were on, Harlin said. Each of these stone layers runs from surface to who knows how deep. Once enough of the stone is broken way, the ground shifts and falls.
Falls where? Levy asked.
You know that primary cavern we came through? It was a break in the crust, a fault line perhaps. Anything south of that canyon could break off and fall into that canyon, or whatever cavern was underneath it.
Sir, the ground, a Rico soldier said.
Harlin turned to see the stalactite that fell was vanishing into a falling cavern floor.  Move move move!
It was a race against the damaged ground. They ran for the end of the tunnel, and the farther they ran the more devastating the ground behind them was disrupted. The ceiling began falling, the stalagmites crumbled. Harlin stood at the archway of a side tunnel watching the ground shift and move as layers above were compressing on open caverns below them. The last of Rico was through the arch, and Harlin dodged in. The new section of soft ground wasnt affected by the loss of the cavern. The stone vein that protected them was a meter thick, but there was no way they would be able to move through that amount of rock. They were forced to go North, toward the cavern and the chasm that was beneath it. But if they could get on the other side of that chasm, perhaps they could avoid being buried with the landslide.
Contact, the point man yelled out. 
Keep moving Harlin ordered. Their spears are no harm at distance. Move past them and follow the tunnels moving north.
Their formation was effective, and propelled them into another open cavern. It was a wide and flat cavern that was running amok with chaotic swarms of slunks. They were so concerned with the loss of their other tunnels, the new invaders, and the ground tremors, that Harlin and his soldiers were barely noticed. It was running north through this tunnel that the ground began to rumble again. 
Sir! said the rear guard of Rico. Incoming slunk charge.
Harlin turned to see a wall of harl-beasts thundering down the cavern toward them. Slunks, slunk artifacts, equipment, and even stalagmites were being mown under the six legged creatures advanced. Harlin saw no riders on top them. Stampede, he cried. Take side tunnels! Take side tunnels! Move!
Seconds after the order was given, harl-beasts were bearing down on them. The soldiers stumbled to find open archways in the stone walls on their right and left. When Harlin saw the lack of cover or a side track, he made new orders. Form up, triangle. HMG, LMGs up front, set to fully automatic. Fire at will. Fire at will, he ordered. 
Before the group was in formation, they all turned and opened fire on the oncoming slunk wave. The charge was only ten meters away, but the front line of beasts directly ahead of the group fell under fire. The moving harl-beasts trampled the dead bodies and the surge continued to move forward. The harl-beast stampede split and attempted to move around the body of soldiers as they would for rock formations, but because of the sheer number of beasts, many soldiers were scoffed off of the formation and taken under their running claws. The point of their formation became overwhelmed with the sheer mass of creatures and corpses pressing forward. The triangle of humans was soon plowed into by a mass of harl-beast bodies. Their collective mass was not enough to hinder the moving wave and so the soldiers one by one were taken off their feet and pushed under and trampled.
When the motion of beast and bodies stopped, Harlin assessed his damage. His right arm was fine, his legs were pinned, but his left wrist was twisted because he had maintained his grip on the assault. The weight of bodies on him and the trampling impact was taken by his suit and base armor gel-layer. Levy? he asked.
Sir, she said with a grimace.
Report.
Im alive.
I can hear that. Any injuries?
Negative. Just buried.
Understood, Harlin said, MacGaffer sit rep.
Here, MacGaffers gruff voice replied. Im digging men out now.
Harlin felt a hand grab his. He was pulled from the pile of harl-beasts, by members of Rico fourth. Rico may have been ignorant when it came to explosives, but the few who were at the top of the slunk pile, or hadnt been covered by the stampede were already working to free their comrades.
Brandhagen, we need your med kit, a voice said in the distance. 
Harlin watched the medic named Brandhagen move in on the cry. He saw a boot under a beast and called over MacGaffer to help uncover the body that came with the boot. It was Levy. Harlin offered her a hand up and laughed. Hows your first day spank?
Ive shot slunks, been trampled by slunks, nearly blown down an endless abyss, and now Im covered in slimy slunk entrails, Levy replied. One hell of a day sir.
Harlin patted her on the back. They would all be juiced, there was no avoiding that. He stood and looked around to count. He should have nine from Rico and then he and Levy. There were eight so far, but two were working on uncovering the last. Brandhagen, report on the wounded, he said.
Its Corporal Ram, he has spinal damage at the neck, Brandhagen replied. His vitals are strong, but his adrenaline levels are high; I dont know if hell remain stable once they drop.
Can we move him? Harlin asked.
I dont recommend it, but he cant stay here.
Understood. Harlin had one idea that might work faster than walking; it was a long shot. He noticed there was residual light in this cavern, and that meant a shaft of light like the other tunnels. He turned to MacGaffer. Sergeant, take your battle-mate and double time it down the corridor south, youre looking for a large reflective stone, and above it should be a shaft straight up and out of these tunnels. Harlin saw another pair. One of them was Levy. You two check the cavern north. First one to find it wins.
Brandy! another voice called. We need oxygen!
Harlin saw the last member of Rico being pulled from a slunk pile. His helmet visor was shattered, he had cuts on his face, and he was holding his breath. His eyes were puffing up and turning red, and veins on his forehead were bulging.
Brandhagen rushed over. Breathe, Loopy, he told him. The air is breathable, you wont die. Its better to breathe and treat you for any airborne pathogens than to bring you back from the dead.
The soldier, Sergeant Launderpelt, breathed in and out hard and started coughing. The bulging veins disappeared but his eyes were still inflamed. Brandhagen pulled a package from his back, removed a needle, and gave him the entire syringe. Then he opened a pocket in this pack and pulled out a small compressed oxygen canister for these emergencies. 
Report, Brandy, Harlin said.
The difference in air pressure is going to permeate his blood with air bubbles and give him a stroke even if hes breathing half and half. Brandhagen pointed at the first injury. Corporal Ram will hold together longer, but Loopy needs to get out of here and to a medic station now.
Understood, Harlin said. Im already working on a way out.
How do you intend to move Ram?
Lock his armor HEV, and that will provide enough rigidity that it shouldnt strain any of his injuries. Harlin pulled a slunk made wood frame from the dust and carcasses. Use this as a gurney to move him so we dont have to carry him.
They felt another rumble in the ground, and spews of dirt dribbled from the ceiling. They were running out of time.
Sergeant Harlin, Levy said on the comm. Found the shaft.
I copy, good work. Secure the area, were coming to you, Harlin said. He helped the soldier whose visor had shattered to his feet. All patrols, move north down the corridor to Corporal Levys location. Double time; were almost out of this dirt pile.
They didnt go far. Levy and the other soldier were standing guard around the large domed rock that reflected the downward light in all directions. Harlin looked up and saw sky hundreds of meters above them. Winthrop outpost this is Master Sergeant Harlin, he said, trying the comm first. Sergeant Bjorn do you read me? No response. Prado, Dean, Sybrowsky, Akiona, anyone? 
Harlin reached into his vest and pulled out his emergency flares in a clip from his vest pouches. He dropped the magazine of standard rounds out of his rifle, and slid the flare rounds in, cocked the gun and aimed straight up the hole. He pulled the trigger. The shot traveled up the shaft and with luck the flare would burst above ground and not in the tunnel. Ospreys flying patrol, HAAV grizzlies, or even soldiers would see the flare. But they couldnt sit and wait forever for someone to see them. The ground could collapse out from under them, and Loopy could suffocate.  He hoped with communication disruption, that there was someone straight above them, who could hear them, and get them out. The ground trembled again. Rocks on the ceiling fell and nearby arches fractured with loud cracks. Harlin shot another flare up through the shaft. 
ThRSBT 1254, responto an emercy flare, a pilots voice came in on Harlins comm.
1254, this is Master Sergeant Harlin, of Tiki second, he replied. I have wounded and am trapped by collapsed tunnels: requesting immediate extraction through this access shaft.
That will be difficult Tiki Master Sergeant, the pilot said. We cant pull you out of that shaft except one at a time.
Understood, Harlin said. Deploy your line down and well send the wounded up first. He looked at the Brandhagen. Medic, prepare the wounded for tow.
Corporal Rams situation is stable, Launderpelt is the priority, replied Brandhagen pointing to Loopy dying from atmosphere exposure.
RSBT 1254, we have soldiers ready for extraction, Harlin said.
Copy that Tiki Sergeant, line is deployed, the pilot confirmed.
Harlin and the others prepped Loopy for the line. He was coughing and wheezing; he needed oxygen soon. The osprey would be equipped with a spare helmet. Line attached, Harlin said. Real him in.
There was no delay with the recoil on the line. Launderpelt was literally launched from the ground and disappeared into the bright shaft of light. Left behind were ten anxiously waiting soldiers. 
Corporal Ram is next, Harlin said. RSBT prepare for second injured soldier.
When the line returned, they attached Corporal Ram and went up the shaft. When the line came back down, Harlin sent Brandhagen. Just before his lift off, the ground and tunnels groaned again, and a large chunk of the ceiling fell close. 
RSBT 1254, can we speed things up? Harlin said. Tunnel collapse is imminent.
Thats a negative sir, were reeling in as fast as we can, the pilot sounded sympathetic, but Harlin doubted if he knew their danger.
As the line came down, Harlin thought about crimping the line to make more loops for attaching several soldiers, but before he could do anything, Corporal Levy was strapped in, and on the way up. 
Tiki Sergeant, the pilot came in. Command has requested, I inform you second platoon is standing by and awaiting orders.
Copy that RSBT 1254, Harlin replied. Tell them to get out of the tunnels and fall back to alpha point.
Copy that.
While the next soldier was being hoisted up, the tunnels lurched again. It wasnt just a tremble; the entire floor moved out from under their feet several meters and tossed them. The shaft above them closed with the soldier in transit somewhere in it. Harlin rolled away from falling ceiling rock. When the tremor stopped, the tunnel was dark. With the shaft closed, the reflection stone no longer lit the cavern. 
Activate, night optics, Harlin said. Sound off. All remaining four soldiers of Rico were okay and unharmed. RSBT 1254, do you copy? No response.
Sir, MacGaffer said. What are your orders?
In the brief time he was in command, MacGaffer had changed his opinion of Harlin from dislike to trust. Harlin surveyed the cavern; he could see and saw more openings and archways to the north. Though those archways, he said pointing. We need to go north, and get beyond these tremors.
The four with him were moving with tired double steps. There was no knowing how hard the deaths of their comrades would strike them. For now Harlin saw no indication of mental decay, they were soldiers after all. However, like him, they had only seen death in comrades in rare moments. After a few hundred meters of running blind through the corridors and choosing a tunnel because it pointed more north than another, they arrived in a more decorated and inhabited slunk cavern. The scattered remains of slunk culture were strewn across the floor and tattered remains garnished each arch way. The caverns far side opened up, and Harlin recognized the cavern ceiling as being the same as was on the canyon overhang. That far stone wall was the safe harbor they were looking for. 
As if the planet wanted to swallow them the ground trembled and rocked beneath their feet. The rumbling came in waves, the dust and dirt kicked up in front of them, loose stones from the ceiling fell like rain, and the osculating ground vocalized its anguish.
We need to make that far wall, Harlin said. Run! 
On the way, Harlin felt rocks rattling off his armor and deflecting off his helmet. Three of Rico were outpacing him, and MacGaffer was just off his right. A sudden jump in the ground shook Harlin off his feet, as it did with MacGaffer. Getting back to his feet was made harder by the twisting of earth and ground. The members of Rico ahead of them reached the rock arches, just in time to see a large rock stalactite crush the cavern floor and plunge it into the abyss below. MacGaffer and Harlin stood separated from safety.
Can you jump that? MacGaffer asked.
If we dont, its not like well have a long time to think about how stupid the idea was, Harlin said. He went back ten meters from the edge and took off running straight at the edge. He jumped as hard as he could up and out. His feet stayed under him, and he hit the other side of the chasm tumbling into the legs of the other soldiers. He turned to MacGaffer. Hurry.  
MacGaffer didnt jump right away, but backed up a considerable distance farther than Harlin had. His approach was solid, but ground settled as he was half way to the edge. His run fell into a stumbling mess. This blast cracked the ceiling and dropped the edge, separating them by another meter. MacGaffer recovered from his stumble, but had lost momentum. He jumped anyway. The moment he left his feet, Harlin knew he wouldnt make it, but he extended his hand anyway. MacGaffer flailed his arms to no avail. For Harlin, these last few seconds of MacGaffers life passed so slowly, he could register the faintest details of emotion in his comrades face. First there was dread recognition of the realization of what was happening. His eyebrow tips fell; there was a slight wrinkle in the forehead. Then next Harlin saw comprehension and terror that comes when facing death. MacGaffers eyes watered and were ready to tear; the eyes drooped and his lip quivered of Last of all he was taken by a sturdy nobility, and his face straightened as though to salute: emotionless and accepting. Then he fell out of sight into the dark abyss swallowing up rock and dirt with him.
Move! Harlin yelled. 
He and the other three ran deeper into the tunnel. Harlin thought this was the opposite edge of the canyon, but he didnt know for sure. He felt the ground pitch and roll under their feet. Dust blinded them even with their night optics. They fumbled over each other, groped for solid unmoving rock. The rocks they looked to for support, cracked and crunched as new weight was being distributed upon them. The ceiling was a waterfall of rock and dirt. The avalanche continued for seconds within an hour. 
The torrent was finally silenced. 
Harlin rolled over. Dust fell from his visor giving him peeks into the new changed world around him. He wiped the helmet clean, but still saw nothing but dirt. He pushed smaller dirt clods and rocks off him.  Behind the cloud of dust, daylight was trying to break through. Harlin deactivated his helmets night optics. As the soldiers around him recognized their safety, the wind pushed the dust from their view, and they saw what new landscape the quaking created. The grand underground canyon where Harlin had left his team had cracked and fallen away into the deep sink hed kicked that rock. The far side was altered and no longer the terraced home of a thousand slunks; it was new rock, rough unweathered rock now exposed to the light and air. The crater was nearly a kilometer across, but not exactly round. Rock veins supported what was left of the slunk underground city and these structures jutted out of the canyon wall. The canyon roof had collapsed without its side support was not the floor hundreds of meters below them. Harlin stood now at the edge of a jagged scar in the landscape. A few meters from his feet was a drop nearly three hundred meters down revealing the subterranean lake Rico Squadron had discovered: the lake Rico had killed themselves to conquer.  
Harlin looked to the sky, the odd red-ish nitrogen rich sky. It was filled with aircraft. Ospreys were swooping into the new canyon inspecting the cliff walls, sending in reports of the water find.
RSBT 1254 this is Tiki Sergeant Harlin do you copy? Harlin asked hoping one of these ospreys would pick him up and take him home. 
Copy that Tiki, glad to know you survived, the pilot replied.
I have three more and myself ready for pick up.
Sorry, thats a negative sergeant; my line broke in soldier retrieval. Ill mark your position and send in my wingman.
Copy that, Harlin said relieved. Im firing a flare now. He lifted the rifle up and fired one flare shot into the air over the canyon.
Hopper! said Sergeant Levys sharp voice.
Levy? Harlin said.
You lucky son of a hum, he replied with a more light tone. You had us scared. Im with your platoon; we got everyone out before the collapse.
Thanks, Harlin replied. He knew his friend would want to know so he spoke before the question came. Corporal Levy made it out on the Osprey.
I owe you one, Levy replied.
Sergeant Harlin? Waites cut the conversation dead. Sit rep.
Im unharmed and with three more of Rico squadron. After being separated from my platoon, Corporal Levy and I found them in the caverns. I evacuated some out on osprey, two injured, one was lost in retrieval He didnt know he could say his name, so he didnt. And one lost with the collapse.
Its good to have you, Waite said. His voice carried a casual tone of appreciation and concern Harlin had never heard before. It was only a hint because Waite came right back in with business. Have the osprey bring you and Corporal Levy, with the soldiers from Rico, to the outpost for debriefing.
Understood, replied Harlin. Sir, who was responsible for the tunnel collapse?
More on that when we debrief as a company.
Yes, sir.
Harlin saw an osprey come down on their position. He turned to the soldier on the ground next to his feet. The shock of it all was coming from his eyes. Harlin need to be gentle. He knelt, put a hand on his shoulder, and looked him in the eye. Ospreys coming in, he said. Youre first.

CHAPTER 7: LET THE PUNISHMENT FIT THE CRIME

WHAT WERE DEALING WITH IS A COMPLETE DISREGARD TO PROTOCOL, AND safety, Waite said. Harlin couldnt tell if he was angry or ashamed. This has been the worst military conduct I have seen my entire career, and Im doing my best to make sure responsibility is placed on the right shoulders.
Sir? Harlin said. Am I at blame
No, no, Waite said quickly. But what I need from you is an account of what happened.
Why me sir?
Youre platoon was the only platoon severely affected of all those in Tiki squadron. You are a direct witness to the events which caused the death of Rico squadron and despite your extreme danger, and involvement, none of your platoon was injured or killed.
Sir, I dont think that is fair, Harlin said taking the liberty to be bold. I took responsibility for those members of Rico fourth, and two of them died under my command, and two others were severely injured.
Yes, but you were getting them out after the events that claimed almost all of Rico fourth platoon.
Sir, Im afraid to ask, but how many of Rico squadron were killed.
You pulled out the last of Rico fourth. Those six are all thats left of twenty five, Waite said. That doesnt include the ten members of Rico first.
Twenty nine? Harlin said shocked. Rico first is
Tech Sergeant Santinos platoon, Waite said annoyed and angrier. The chain of command was ignored, protocol disregarded and we had a rogue sergeant acting against orders.
Sir? Harlin said. His simple remark pulled Waite from his frustration.
Apologies Sergeant, Waite said. He pulled out a camera, held it up and released it in the air. Imaging grid lines engulfed Harlin and the two meter area around him. I need to have a statement from you concerning the events you witnessed from the moment you entered the slunk tunnels until extraction.
Harlin did as orders. He explained their tactics, who he gave what assignment, and their primary goal. He also made mention of the communication loss; Waite was more interested in what he did afterward. The major listened and nodded approvingly at times. Harlin struggled admitting to the deaths of two soldiers in his command, but Waite looked disinterested by this point. 
When Harlin finished, Waited deactivated the camera. Thank you sergeant, Waite said. Invite your corporal to join us.
Yes sir, Harlin stepped to the door and opened it. The members of Rico squadron stood up sharply to attention, but relaxed when they saw it was only him. Corporal, he said to Levy.
Levy came up the steps and into the outpost command room. She was stiff in her march and when before Major Waite she saluted.
At ease corporal, Waite said. Please for the record, he said while preparing the camera again for her statement, recount the events of your first mission in as detailed a manner as possible.
Harlin listened as Levy gave a different perspective to the same story. Waite didnt interrupt her, but raised an eyebrow at times when her statement was nearly identical to Harlins. She told a longer story, but all the same events were recounted.
Corporal, Waite said after she finished. If in Master Sergeant Harlins position, how would you have commanded the situation?
Levy stood for a moment and thought. Harlin was growing nervous for her response. I would have done nothing sir, she said.
Nothing? Waite questioned again.
I agree with all orders I was given, and saw no reason to question any of his others, sir.
Thank you Tiki squadron, Waite said. You are both dismissed.
Thank you sir, Harlin said.
Sergeant, send in the four members of Rico fourth, said Waite. Take the osprey back to the Porthos, rest, and prepare your men for a full military de-briefing tomorrow. Ill bring Rico with me when the shift is over.
Understood, said Harlin. He opened the door and he and Levy stepped out. When he touched ground he looked at the four members of Rico fourth; the two injured had been taken to the Porthos infirmary. Major Waite requests you all join him.
The soldiers cautiously looked at each other, and then single file walked up the steps and shut the outpost door.
A full military de-briefing? Levy asked. Thats not routine is it?
No, Harlin replied.
What happened? Levy said.
Orders were disobeyed, protocol was ignored, and twenty nine soldiers lost their lives, Harlin said.
Twenty nine? Ive never heard of so many: usually one or two per planet, but twenty nine in one day. Levy walked behind Harlins left shoulder on their way to the parked and waiting osprey. Who is responsible?
I dont know for sure, but I have a pretty good idea, Harlin said. But who isnt as important as why, and I think I know why too.
They boarded the osprey and signaled the pilot to take off. Rather than sitting on the edge of the transport casually, they went inside to the soldier deploy deck and sat on the seats. They felt the engines burst into life; the rotors increase speed, and the floating sensation beneath their feet. Twenty minutes later they were on the Porthos. They caught up with the rest of the squadron at decontamination; everyone was being juiced. Each soldier had crawled around in the dirt and some like Corporal Levy were buried by slunks.
Sergeant Levy saw his sister. He wouldnt admit it, but he was relieved to see she was unharmed and not one of those trapped in the dirt. Jung and Harlin swapped rifles back to their originals. Conversation and focus turned to Harlin and the corporal, and all those who hadnt yet been juiced turned to them. The silence was eerie. Harlin knew they all had one question on their mind; What happened and what did they do?
Mingling slowly turned back to the typical routine of de-con. Harlin stood in the back of the line waiting his turn to be juiced. He heard Sergeant Levys voice in his ear on a single channel between them.
Rico got wasted, I heard, he said. Our platoons were the only ones of Tiki to go deeper than twenty meters under. Slunks threw all the resistance they had at Rico. Bjorn said all she did was reinforce their position.
Did you have communication interference? asked Harlin.
No one mentioned comm interference, Levy said. I heard some chatter about ground tremors.
Yeah, there was a lot of that.
I saw what was left; everyone did when the evacuation order took us out of the tunnels.
Who could miss it, Harlin thought. He had nothing to say.
After decontamination, Harlin followed some of the men to the barracks. He forgot he had been given private quarters, but since he was there, he checked on his patrol leaders and asked for personal statements from each. Akiona, Juhxin and Admin were the only ones who witnessed any part of the tunnel collapse, but everyone had felt the ground shaking.
On his way out, Sergeant Major Broud of Fica Squadron walked in with an announcement. Rico and Tiki squadrons, assemble on the briefing deck in five minutes.
Soldiers taking off their armor and base layers stopped, and reassembled themselves. Major Mortensen hadnt come to tell her squadron of the assembly; she was being detained by command. Harlin looked at Santinos bunk; he was gone too. In fact Harlin didnt see him at de-con. He hadnt seen any of the Rico squadron leaders. Harlin looked at his platoon members. They were scattered around their side of the barracks because rank divided them. Some were at the mess, but he knew a Major would be informing everyone there of the assembly as well. He walked from the barracks toward the elevator. Several others who hadnt removed any of their gear were with him.
When they arrived on the briefing deck, Harlin saw most of the HAAV squadrons were already assembled. They were all excused from the mess Rico put the infantry in. Harlin took his position at the head of the column where some of Tiki second was assembling. Within five minutes Major Waite entered, followed by Captain Takuma, and Commander Demke. Most of Rico squadron was absent as well as Major Kajo and her patrol, who were still at the infirmary. The entire company came to attention.
Attention command, Takuma said into his comm. He was taking command of the briefing. Prepare to begin transmission.
Affirmative, you may begin when ready, came the reply.
This briefing wasnt just for Winthrop Company, or the Porthos Battalion, but to the entire battle group, perhaps even all of Gesore Army. Colonel Kentra would be hearing this. This was more serious than Harlin realized.
After reviewing the testimonies of individuals and platoon leaders, it has been determined that all action necessary for those responsible has been enacted, Takuma said. Military discipline has been determined necessary for Sergeant Major Courtney Mortensen Rico Squadron Commander, Sergeant Major Carlos Driscal of Rico Squadron First Platoon, and Tech Sergeant Connor Santino of the same: for failure in command, Major Mortensen has been demoted to Tech Sergeant. For failure to follow military protocol, Sergeant Major Driscal has been demoted to Sergeant. For failure to follow military protocol, abandoning orders, unnecessary endangerment of self, patrol, platoon and company, resulting in the deaths of twenty nine soldiers, Tech Sergeant Santino will be court marshaled and expelled from military service, afterwards fulfilling the sentence of his court marshal.
Most of the Winthrop Company remained silent, but a few stunned breaths escaped surprised mouths. Harlin was also surprised: demotion of two ranks was severe: career options, future promotions, officers training, and military instructor options vanished. Santino was expelled and soon to be court marshaled. Harlin hadnt always been Santinos best friend, but he didnt ever want him to lose his career. He felt terrible, but his sympathy wouldnt save Santino. He listened; Takuma continued.
To understand the disaster, it is necessary for me to relay the events and actions of those disciplined. Under orders to pursue the enemy to their water source, Rico and Tiki squadrons of Winthrop Company, Porthos Battalion entered the tunnels under the P325Os surface. Rico squadron, calling Tiki for reinforcement, entered the tunnels and engaged enemy resistance. Rico first platoon was given recon assignment to bypass slunk resistance and locate the target. Doing so isolated Rico first platoon and put them out of communications range from the rest of the squadron. Acting on orders, Master Sergeant Driscal left his second patrol in the command of Tech Sergeant Santino behind to secure the target. The absence of Sergeant Driscal and the new command void created by his absence, Sergeant Santino authorized his demolitions team member to set charges above the water supply to quote give the extraction team access. After discharging these explosives, Rico second platoon disregarded orders to remain on target, but to proceed to the next level closer to the target and place more explosives. Coming in communication range with Rico fourth platoon third patrol, Sergeant Santino ordered Staff Sergeant MacGaffer to set and detonate his explosives as well. When asked to confirm the order, Sergeant Santino replied quote, command has authorized the use of explosives end quote. The following set of explosions resulted in the death of Master Sergeant Cortez of Rico Fourth Platoon, and his first and second patrol who were above the explosives at detonation.
Harlin had been near that explosion. It was probably what had separated him from Akiona and the others. He and Levy found MacGaffer right after this happened; he must have blown the ground out from under their feet. If MacGaffer hadnt died, he might have joined the ranks of those being demoted. At least he was spared the humiliation.
Takuma stood and took council with Demke and Waite for a moment before he continued. The primary function of this debriefing was over, and the rest was most likely not transmitted to the other armies. Military communications protocol is clear. Communication interference protocol is to complete all orders given and report. Without a complete report or communication from a CO, units are to hold position or return to fall back position. The authorization for the detonation of explosives is reserved for the platoon commander under squadron commander authorization. These two functions are to ensure safety and proper discipline. Anyone failing to comply with military practices as outlined in the military codex of behavior and protocol will be subject to military discipline. Takuma looked up. Harlin thought he was going to continue, but he didnt. Winthrop Company, dismissed.
Harlin sent his platoon on their way, and turned to ask Major Waite a few questions. Sir, he said saluting.
Major Waite saluted in return. What is it Master Sergeant?
Will we have more time on this planet sir, or are we finished here.
Negative, Waite replied quickly. Were only seventy percent finished with extraction. Command estimates it will be another three days before we can finish the harvest. The water alone will take at least twenty hours.
Is there a chance to recover the soldiers bodies? Harlin asked. This question pulled Captain Takumas away from Commander Demke.
Sergeant? Takuma asked.
Sir, with field experience with our base armor battle suits, I know it is possible to survive a fall of considerable distance, and endure extreme external pressures. The gel-layer, sir, its as hard as rock when activated.
I understand the sophistication of the equipment, but I dont know if extraction of the soldiers is possible.
Sir, Waite said. With your permission, Id like to assemble a search and rescue team.
Takuma looked at Waite and they had a silent conversation. Harlin waited on the outcome. The captain wasnt much older than the major, but as an officer his rank and experience gained seniority over every soldier on the Porthos. Major Waite, I dont have to remind you the mortality odds against your soldiers.
I understand, sir, Waite said. But I would like to account for the bodies and have something to present to their families, and in the chance some did survive; it wouldnt be right to leave them behind.
I agree, Takuma said. Ill send in Northrop Company to begin the search. You have ten hours to assemble your search and rescue, and youll have my authorization to transports and moles if you need. Work as fast as you can, but at the completion of the harvest, Im going to have to pull you. My superiors will be observing everything we do.
Understood. Thank you sir, Waite said, and Takuma left with Demke. He turned to Harlin. Sergeant, inform your platoon of the assignment, and have them ready to deploy in ten hours. Meet me in command briefing at zero-thirty hours tomorrow.
Yes, sir, Harlin said. He was glad Takuma and Waite agreed with him. He wasnt going to push the issue if the order was a no go, but he thought it was worth a try. He left the briefing deck and went to the mess. Without twenty nine of Rico Squadron gone, the mess would be quiet tonight.

When Harlin finally found his new bunk, it was in a corridor adjacent to the barracks entrance, and on each side of the corridor were single occupant quarters. The left side was for Master Sergeants; these rooms were small and barely enough room to stretch out in. On the right side were the Sergeant Major quarters; these were larger, and actually had a full bathroom. Command Sergeant Majors quarters were at the end of the corridor. He had three rooms, furniture and a window.
Harlins rank insignia activated his door when he walked past. He stepped inside and the door closed. Lights, he said, and the room was illuminated by a strip of light dividing the wall from the ceiling.
Compared to the barracks Harlin wasnt impressed with his new two meter square space. His locker was the same as his barracks locker. It was the first amenity on the right wall. Next to it was a fold-out desk with a cabinet above. Beside the desk was a fold down toilet and sink-drawer. On the left wall was a fold down bunk, which was the standard two meters long; this meant his head would bump one wall while his feet laid flat against the other. He had no bunk above him, so he had more head room. When the bed was folded down it was the seat with which he used with the fold out desk. Unfortunately you couldnt have the bed down and use the toilet simultaneously. When all the wall features were folded away, the nozzle on the ceiling turned the entire room into the shower. With a drain on the floor it was the ultimate one-room-does-all combination.
This is what a promotion means, huh? Harlin said.
He opened his locker and stripped off his armor and base layer. When he was naked, he closed all the doors and cubbies, and found the shower control. The warm soapy water sprang from the shower nozzle. The nozzle was on an extendable hose, and Harlin sprayed his body with water from every direction. This was one feature of his new bunk he liked. When the soap finished, the rinse was right afterward. He was clean and finished in two minutes. When the nozzle retracted, air vents in the ceiling and floor opened and pushed air on him. He was dry in thirty seconds.
Harlin retrieved his jumpsuit from the locker and slipped it on. He pulled down the bed folded away on the wall, sat down and opened his desk. His computer was sitting on the shelf ready to be used. Computer activate messages, he said. 
The computer opened its communications system, and displayed three files. The female computer voice read, First message sent at zero-hour, two-burk, one-minute, Randay, Epsilon, October, Ander three-two-five, from Dr. Carlos Parros.
The computer replayed the doctors message. Hello Hopper, this is Dr. Parros. I heard about the events on the planet today and thought Id invite you into my office to talk once youre no longer on active duty. Call my receptionist to make an appointment.
The computer resumed narrating the messages. Second message sent on the same day at zero-thirty six hours from Dr. Gerald and Jennifer Harlins residence at P365 section 16 apartment 117
Computer delete all messages, said Harlin; he laid back on his new bunk. It was softer than his old one: possibly his second likable feature of the new room.
All messages deleted, the computer said.
Computer, check weather report for tomorrow.
Planet 325O weather for Girday, Epsilon, October: Cloudless sky, temperatures ranging from thirty five degrees to forty degrees Celsius. Wind velocity twenty kph from one-ninety-five degrees southwest.
He lay back looking at the ceiling wondering what the next shift would be like. He had nine and a half hours to sleep, and then it was search and rescue: looking through rock and dirt, hunting with scanners to identify a suits personal locator. If they found living men he knew it was against long odds, but he felt, as did Major Waite: this was a chance they should act on.
Computer program lights on at zero hour, Harlin said. He was tired; he could feel it. But whether or not his brain was going to let his body sleep was the debate. Computer engage sleep mode: lights off.
His windowless, crackles room disappeared before his eyes into darkness. It was darker than any slunk cave, space spot, or death hole he had ever been in. He closed his eyes. Several times he opened his eyes, but because of the darkness he didnt know if he was dreaming of darkness or still awake. He was still awake, and he knew no time had passed.  Harlin lay on his bed and wished his eyes would close and wake up to light.
A light on his computer activated, and the small blue glow blinked life back into the bunk. Harlin squinted in the brightness of the single light. In normal light, this halogen blue is a mere whim of light, but in this pitch black this small light was a supernova. He was receiving a VAT.
Harlin lay in bed unmoving; Computer identify, he said.
Incoming call from Dr. Gailynn Harlins residence, P227, section 16, room 27, said the computer.
Open, Harlin said, not too pleased. He could ignore his parents forever, but his sister was relentless.
Grant? a voice said. Grant where are you?...Will you talk to me?...Quit being a slunk dick and answer me.
I hear you Gail, Harlin said breathing out. What do you want?
I cant see you, Gailynn said. Mankind didnt invent the video communications to be stuck in the nuclear age of audio only.
Harlin sat up and was brought into view of the computer camera. The screen glow was enough for Gailynn to see her brother. Though the lighting was poor, she couldnt expect him to be any more compliant to her requests.
Her light brown, long, straight hair perfectly framed her face. She didnt look anything like her brother, but had more of her mothers beauty. Why didnt you answer mom and dads VAT? she asked.
Because it was mom and dads VAT.
Grant when are you going to grow up?
Nice to see you too. Glad you werent nearly buried alive or crushed into nanomites during your last mission in a hostile alien environment, Harlin said. Im fine thanks Gail. How are you?
Weve been worried sick about you, so dont start with me, she snapped. Gailynn knew Harlin would appreciate some sympathy and concern, but she wouldnt give him anything while he was being emotionally constipated. You could have at least sent them a byte.
Look, if I were dead an officer would show up at their door.
Thats polite of you. When were you expecting theyd tell them you survived? I know they take about a day to inform relatives of a death, but the military doesnt have a policy for informing the relations that their loved ones are still alive. We have to assume no news is good news.
Gail why is this so important to you?
Youre my brother, Grant, and I have parents who love you too. Gailynns face shifted from anger to sympathy now she felt shed pestered him enough about his idiotic behavior. Do you want to talk about it?
Twenty-nine died today, he said rubbing his tired face. He knew she sided with him on the mom and dad scene; that was the fortunate bond between twins. However, she still had to play the good daughter and stay connected.
Oh, my she replied, and covered her mouth. How close were you?
My platoon and I were millimeters from making it thirty two.
I had no idea. I havent heard anything but rumors about a complete mission failure, and an entire squadron has disappeared. 
A platoon was lost today, Harlin said. 
It doesnt matter; thats all mom and dad know. They have no idea what the difference is. Theyll be happy to hear your safe, and most of the rumors are exaggerated.
 Can you send them a byte for me?
You cant do it yourself?
Ive got search and rescue tomorrow, I just got in bed, and
All right, Gailynn said. But you owe me.
I owe you? Harlin asked. Did I not recover an artifact for you and your team?
Fine, you win; I owe you this time. Is your password the same?
Hasnt changed since we were six.
Yeah, I figured, she said and smiled. Before Harlin lay down and disappeared she added, By the way, congratulations on the promotion; it made moms day.
Thanks, he said. And how many people have you told so far? I found out I was promoted almost before I was promoted.
Jane told me shed seen you, Gail said. You should tell her youre alright too.
You changed the subject, Harlin said.
Oh, come on Grant, I tell people what I hear, whats the big deal.
You heard from Kelly Dean who heard from Drummer, and he knew nothing about the actual promotion. Its not that people know, its people know something before something happens. What if I hadnt been promoted?
Okay, okay, I see your point. She looked at him. You take care of yourself. We love you. Good night Grant.
Love you too sis, he said. The screen went blank again. Computer, deactivate.

CHAPTER 8: DAY OF RECKONING

SLEEP DIDNT COME EASILY, AND WHEN IT DID, HARLIN WOKE UP TOO MANY times to get enough. Before the lights came on in the morning, he decided to get up. He put on his uniform and his armor and made preparations for the day. On his way to the mess, he saw a wall mounted marquee giving directions and it pointed him to the infirmary. He thought for a moment about Kajo and the other members of his squadron. He had about an hour before briefing, so he had time to take a detour and visit.
He walked through the door with the medical emblem carved in the side and faced a slender old nurse about ninety. She spoke without even looking up at him. You are? she asked.
Tech he paused, Master Sergeant Grant Harlin. Im here to see my commanding officer, Sergeant Major Kajo.
She looked at the registry. Follow me sergeant, she said and stood.
He followed her to the main patient area; she pointed to the left once she passed through the door. The room was long and there were a few beds occupied by soldiers, but more were empty. He could see Major Kajo in the fifth bed on the right sitting up, and several medics were around her checking various instruments and Kajo herself.
I trust you dont need me to tell you whos who, the nurse said, and left him standing at the door.
Harlin waited as the medics completed their work; then he approached.
Kajo turned and looked at him. You bold son of a hum, she said. What were you thinking?
I was thinking to get you out before the slunks had their way, Harlin replied. But if you think thats a bad idea, next time Ill leave you.
Thanks, Kajo said. Dont you have better things to do that check up on superiors?
Doctors tell me I need to stay busy, Harlin said. Its good for my mental gata. How are you doing?
Doctor says Im cleared for release as soon as they do their final analysis. They took the scans so it wont be long.
What was the problem? Harlin knew the general region. Her back and spine were injured but didnt know the extent.
Cracked fourth vertebra: doctors said it was from whiplash in the crash. They said its the strongest bone now. The rest of Tiki all right?
A few of your passengers were bumped up a little. Faulkner had a broken collar bone. Im sure they are back in their bunks sleeping on recovery leave, Harlin swallowed for the next bit. Did you hear about Hong?
Yeah, Kajo said quietly. Doctors try to keep a tight lip around here. Do you know what killed him?
It wasnt the impact, Harlin said. Waite told me his medical report showed him killed after he was ejected from the M-TAV and unconscious.
The slunks sharp sticks? 
A single incision at the base of the skull, Harlin said. Official medical documents havent been released.
Trit to hell; how many of us will these slunks kill? Kajo put her head into her hands. 
Harlin had never really seen a CO like this before. No one expected the slunks to be intelligent.
The doctor came back. The final scans show green across the board. He handed Kajo the medical release file card. She pressed her hand against it to sign the documents. Youre free to go, he said.
Thanks, Kajo said. She stood, put her arms back into her jumpsuit and then zipped it up. Lets go to the mess; Im starving.
Harlin turned with her and walked out of the infirmary and toward the elevator. Did you hear about the rest of the operation?
That Santino was a hum, and humped the whole mission, Kajo said. Yeah, I heard it from Major Waite. He was in about eight hours ago to check on me: told me everything.
Do you know when youll been cleared for duty?
Doc says to give it a week to let the muscles recover, but by that time well be back in the sky. They boarded the elevator and Kajo pushed the button. I hear youve got a spank to train. 
Yeah, Harlin said. Corporal Levy: Sergeant Levys sister.
Odd they would put the two in the same company, even the same squadron. Ive never heard of that before.
Me either, Harlin said. I think because shes a transfer the protocol for sibling separation wasnt considered in her assignment.
Ill talk to Waite about the transfer? Kajo asked. What are our operations for today?
Search and rescue, Harlin said. Waite has authorization from Takuma for a few hours to find the bodies.
Takuma probably heard a lot of gata from Colonel Kentra for what happened, Kajo said. This might be a way hes trying to smooth out the rough edges.
The elevator stopped and opened; they walked down the corridor to the mess without a word. When they arrived in the mess, some of Northrop Company were in early and starting their meals. No one of Winthrop Company was awake or willing to eat yet. Harlin picked a small bowl of oatmeal, a gincarva, a biscuit, a full cup of hydro, and sat down across the table from Kajo, who had some rice, bananas, and feltry sausage.
The two of them had less to talk about than Harlin did with Dean at meal time. Harlin checked the time; he had fifteen minutes, but he would only need five. He stood, saluted Kajo, Take it easy, he said.
Ill wait for your report, Kajo said, and watched Harlin leave.
He threw his waste away and headed for command briefing. When he walked into the room, he was alone and among dark computers: except one. One monitor projected a complete three dimensional image of the planet.  He had looked at it before; it was the same image he could see from his personal computer. So far IMF had been active on this planet for only four days, and he already was beginning to hate it. 
Sergeant, good morning, Waites voice said behind him.
Harlin turned to see Waite with Chief Aina and Commander Demke walking toward the head of the room. He stood at attention for Demke, and his salute was returned.
As you were, said Demke.
Theres been a change of plans, Waite said.
Were not on search and rescue detail? Harlin asked.
Were still looking for survivors, said Waite loading a file card into the computer, but we have more slunks to deal with. A few images of the canyon appeared and Waite was about to begin briefing. 
What about the other squadrons?
Captain Takuma has placed Winthrop Company under probation, Demke said. The colonel feels the entire army could shake the Rico tragedy off too quickly if proper action isnt taken. We have to make sure everyone remembers what happened so it doesnt happen again.
Harlin said nothing, but nodded his understanding. 
Waite continued. I open briefing on Randay, 58th of October, ander 325 in concerning operations of planet designated P325O. Yesterday Northrop teams working through the rock were asked by harvest crews to assist in slunk control. Apparently theyve been harassing the harvester and the crews with long range projectiles. Patrols of Northrop Ajax squadron were assigned patrolling duties around the edge of the canyon to handle the slunks. These are some of the optic images Ajax relayed to command. The images Waite had loaded indicated pockets of slunks on the canyon wall setting up more catapults, gathering piles of rocks, and then launching the rocks at the ground crews. The canyon wall has also crumbled and enlarged over one hundred square meters. Its been a hum trying to settle the harvesters for extraction, but after two harvesters, the third has settled in at zero eight hundred and commenced final water retrieval.
Harlin was surprised the slunks were still putting up a fight knowing how outgunned they were.
Most of the resistance is with sticks and rocks; nothing has been damaged, and they are far enough away no injuries have been caused. However, the nuisance part of your team will have to maintain a security perimeter. Deploy snipers and riflemen along the canyon edge, and have the rest of your platoon searching the rocks. Spot and eliminate all slunk activity is your primary objective; we need to keep that harvester safe. Secondary objective is to recover any remains under the rocks.
Do we have any results from searching? Harlin asked.
Northrop found two bodies yesterday, Demke said. They were both crushed by rock.
The probability is low, but Takuma has still authorized our search, said Waite. Northrop was able to clear most of the upper layers away with MPV mole excavation teams. The harvester moles are underwhelmed so there shouldnt be a problem in recruiting their assistance. Command Outpost is here at the Porthos, fallback position is the harvester. Expect two more harvester transitions while youre there. We need all the water we can get.
Has the communications interference been solved? Harlin asked.
Geologists reported high concentrations of nickel-iron; its magnetic properties caused a loss in signal strength. With no underground operations today, comms should be clear.
Slunks built their city in and out of these nickel-iron veins, said Demke. All those natural resource and they didnt know how to use it.
Harlin thought of the reflective rocks, the intricate stone archways, and their spear heads. On the contrary, sir, I have a friend in the morgue who died by their nickel-iron metals, he said. They know how to use it.
Demkes tightened lips and narrow eyes was all Harlin received in way of reproach for his bold words with a commanding officer. 
Ospreys will be standing by for assistance, Waite said. Good luck sergeant.
Harlin was the only one in the room to walk out. Kajo, other master sergeants, even the HAAV commanders were all absent. It was his platoon, his twenty five men alone who would operate this mission. Harlin had no competition for the elevator. No crowd in the corridors, and even when he walked into the briefing hall, there was only his platoon. Without the entire company the room looked huge and disproportioned. The echo of even the smallest voice bounced off each wall with no mass of bodies to absorb it.  His platoon caught sight of him and fell into formation and stood at attention. 
Tiki second at ease, gather around, Harlin said, as the twenty five soldiers fell from their double file and curled in around him. He didnt need to be formal with them; not today. Today is search and rescue.
Have any been found? Specialist Pugila asked, kneeling in front.
Northrop found two bodies, he said. But they were just scraping the surface of all that rock and dirt. Were going to increase that number: well have eight hours to look. Command has also told us that slunks are still harassing the harvester and its crew. 
There were a few chuckles from the group. The little buggers just cant take a hint, said Dean.
Here are your assignments, Harlin said. As battle-mates Im pairing, Xin and Vanderwerf, Prado and Tesla, Bataar and Chekov, Corporal Levy with me; we four pairs will take position at the edge of the canyon to spot and scout slunk movements and cover the efforts from high ground. The rest of you will deploy in the base of the canyon; utilizing the personnel locators in the helmets PDS and the MPVs on loan from the harvester, you will continue to search for the lost Rico soldiers. Understood?
Yes, sir, Understood, Yeah, and Hoora came back.
Lets move out, Harlin ordered, and watched his platoon cue up on the door into the loading chute. Helmets on and seals tight, he reminded them. Some orders, regardless of how repetitive, were required. 
The platoon entered the deployment chute, fixed their helmets on tight, pulled their weapons from their lockers, and marched into the elevator. They were lowered to the osprey staging deck. Cabrera loaded them without delay. Usually traffic in a deployment meant they had to wait their turn for loading and departure: sometimes nearly a burk. This morning, it was only Tiki Second Platoon, and they rode the only osprey launching from Winthrop Company today.
During flight to the canyon, Harlin thought about who would have the sun in their scopes. It rose in the east and set in the west like most planets he experienced, but with the days a few hours longer than theirs, the light conditions were different every time they left the Porthos. He stopped thinking about it, because he had stopped caring. Planet terrain and geographical features, its mountains and rivers, valleys, canyons, oceans, and wildlife became uninteresting trivia after the second ander of active duty. Biologists like Jane got a new fix every planet, engineers a larger materials budget, but soldiers, soldiers got something new to shoot. 
The osprey flew over the canyon where the Harvester sat perched. The harvesters were the largest individual craft besides the MCPs that were designed to attach and detach from Gesore itself. They had massive scram jet propulsion units, like those found on the MCP, for launching off a planet, and descending onto one. It wasnt an attractive shape, compared with the smooth lines of a RSBT or an AOSF raptor, but it was form following function. Six large feet were its landing gear, which supported a five hundred meter long, two hundred meter wide belly which stored the resources they pulled from the planets and mole garages for transport. On the roof and upper edges of the harvester hull was mining gear, drilling tools, excavation equipment, and anything needed to grind down a mountain to its bare essentials or drain an ocean for its water. The cockpit and harvester control area was on the front side and was a large canopy  dome, much like the OAST Phoenix war plane. The other distinguishing characteristic of the harvesters were their several extending rotary thrust engines. They were like the RSBT, or the HSBT vultures rotary engines, but these were larger, and so numerous that when it flew, it looked like an elephant suspended by sparrows.
Pilot Master Sergeant Hartford, circled the harvester once, and came down on the rim to begin deploying sniper teams. At the first location Harlin signaled to Xin and Vanderwerf. The osprey moved to the east rim and dropped Bataar and Chekov. On the south rim Harlin placed Prado and Tesla, and he and Levy took the west rim looking the length of the canyon. The osprey dropped the rest in the canyon beside the harvester mole crews waiting for them. Harlin motioned to Levy and walked to the very edge of the rim where they would set up. She would spot for him, while he took shots. Levy was a fair shot according to her skills tests, so she may have a few shots today.
Sir, why am I not with the others searching the rocks? Levy asked walking just behind his right shoulder. Youve assigned me, Private Tesla and Private Vanderwerf over Thompson.
Youre a rifleman, he replied. Besides it was either you or Thompson, and he hasnt hit anything in years.
Hasnt Specialist Thompson been in the platoon longer?
Time has nothing to do with it. He hasnt advanced in rank since the academy, he hasnt even specialized.
But his rank
His rank means hes waited enough time, and his aim means hes only that rank. Hes only listed as a rifleman because thats the default specialization. He is either really that incompetent or he has no motivation.
He cant be bad enough not to rank.
You want to check the stats yourself? he asked. 
No, I believe you, sir, Levy said. 
Its not that odd to have a fresh private have a higher score than an older soldier, Harlin said. Some people take their aptitude test and get five options or less as a career. They chose soldier because it better than cleaning Gesore in circles ander after ander. They get to drive fast, shoot guns, and a change of scenery every few months. Cant say that I blame people for choosing this over other options, but even in this line of work, some just arent good enough to make a career out of being average.   
Isnt the system set up to advance soldiers through the ranks?
Its designed that way, but it doesnt happen that way, he replied as he pulled his rifle off his back and took a knee to get into prone position. Ive heard of soldiers retiring at ninety with no higher rank than staff sergeant, and Ive seen twenty-five-year-olds advanced and disappear into officers training.
Is that what youll do? Levy asked setting up her rifle for spotting.
Im applying for warrant officer training, Harlin said.
Ive wanted to do that since I was little.
Ha ha ha, you cant be serious?
What, do you think that just because Im a girl doesnt mean Im not warrant officer material? My brother and I have wanted to do this since we were in primary school. Levys tone was not to be made fun of. Since my mother died when I was young, I guess I fell into the special forces dreamland.
Harlin knew being battle-mates meant he would be forced to know someone better. He and Dean were as close as you could come to best friends. But Harlin was not about to start unloading his emotions, latest gossip, hopes, and dreams, nor his inmost thoughts, feelings and desires on a spank he barely knew. He wondered if perhaps he should have picked Thompson; at least then he could keep everything strictly business. However, there was one question he had to ask: Why hasnt your brother applied for warrant officer training? Hes been of rank for nearly two anders now.
He has, Levy said. They have a trial exercise first, just to see if youre as good as your scores, and your recommendations. Scott says its intense and beyond any regular skills test. The first test he said he was dead in the sim-cell in less than ten seconds: the second he lasted for less than a minute. If they still want you after that, real training begins. He hasnt scored high enough to pass, or qualified however they decide. I think he might have given up though; I think he likes his prospects as a soldier now.
There was a long time of silence. Harlin relaxed and waited for Levy to do the same. She set up her long rifle, but she shifted one or two times for the next few minutes, settling into position. Even then she bounced a leg, or tapped her fingers against her rifle.
Ive never shot at a target so far away before, sir, Levy admitted.
Levy went quiet again. Harlin looked over the large open canyon his rifle barrel was hanging over. Levy shifted; she was showing true rifleman tenacity. Snipers were trained to sit for hours on cliff tops and buildings looking through a narrow optic at objects and bear rocks waiting for some idiot enemy to pop his head out long enough to draw a bead. In some cases there are plenty of targets, and can line them up for double or even triple kills. Harlin thought back to his training for a technique to help Levy relax and settle in. The only option he thought of was talking. He didnt mind the silence; he preferred it, but in this moment he would rather have a chatty spotter than a fidgety one.
As a mole driver you are kept busy during harvest? he asked.
Yeah. Things are pretty hectic for those mole crews right now, Levy replied. She turned her head, around the canyon edge to see a group of moles waiting for the harvester. 
Eyes on the target, Harlin told her, bringing her attention back to the job. As my spotter you have to keep your eyes forward. We have to take every advantage we have. He had to think of another question. How long has it been since training?
I finished soldier training almost three weeks ago, she said.
Why werent you assigned to a battle-group when we deployed?
Everyone else in my class had priority because I was a transfer, she said. So they put me on standby and were about to ship me down to the planet with my old harvest crew to cover a biological harvest for the Pegasus battle group. Just before the launch, I got my orders and I shipped out. She turned her head to talk.
Eyes on, Harlin said keeping his scope tight.
She was slow in going back to her story, but she did return. Two hours later I was on the Porthos, given gear, and thirty minutes later I was on an osprey headed for Winthrop outpost; you know the rest.
What does your brother think of your transfer?
Scott? He knew I was transferring, but I dont think in a million years he thought Id end up in his squadron. She was about to look at him again.
Eyes, said Harlin sharper than the two previous. Youre going to have to calm yourself enough to stay still. You dont have to train to be a sniper, but right now you are my spotter and I need you looking, and focused.
Its just not comfortable. Ive got my knife handle in my gut, and a grenade in my ribs, and
Its all how you arrange your gear. Dont put anything on your chest straps: use the belt and your arm and leg loops.
Putting gear on my leg-loops will slow me down.
Today youre a sniper; snipers dont run, Harlin zoomed his scope back to have a wider view of the canyon wall. Shift your gear so you can be comfortable. I can spot myself without you for five minutes, if it means I have your undivided attention for the rest of the day.
Levy did as she was told, and rearranged the weapons and gear strapped to her harness. She placed her grenades on her belt behind her as Harlin did, put her pistol at her side, and moved her knife to the shoulder.  Spare ammunition and magazines slipped into her Velcro leg pockets and her med pouch onto her right forearm. After sorting, she lay back down and wiggled into a solid prone position. They were silent for a few minutes. 
Hey, hey I got one! Levy said far too excited. Her mouth gapped at the air like a fish searching for the right word. Contact.
Mark its location and send me the coordinates, Harlin said.
Uh...how do I do that?
Use OTLS, sync to your scope and use the helmet to transfer the information, Harlin said. Didnt they cover that in training?
They did, but
Ive got another contact, Harlin said. Tiki second, Im opening fire.
After he heard his platoon reply, he took aim and squeezed the trigger. The slunk was walking around the edge of a vein of rock and was carrying several rods possibly spears. The shot was clean and put a hole just above what looked like eyes.
Sending you the coordinates, Levy said.
His helmet visor showed him the incoming data; he eyed over it and opened the package. He moved his scope and the information appeared as a compass reading in his optics. Harlin adjusted his aim. About twenty meters below the slunk he shot, were two more slunks, who together were dragging a net full of loose stone. He waited for their bodies to line up, squeezed the trigger, and shot them both with one round.
Whats the most youve hit with the same round? Levy asked.
Ive lined up four targets, but that was only in the skills test, and one target was a vehicle which was stationary at the time.
You destroyed a vehicle with a single round?
You dont have to destroy a vehicle completely, just disable it. I was able to hit its power supply.
But MTAVs have separate power supplies for each wheel. They clip in and out as one whole unit. How could you shoot all four with one bullet?
I never said the vehicle was an emtav.
Whats the longest shot youve made? 
I had one a few planets back, it was about four thousand meters, said Harlin. He adjusted his zoom back to a narrow focus. It was just outside of effective range, so aiming it took a lot of assistance from SAGO, but the hit was confirmed. It was the first planet I saw slunks, and my CO thought it would be funny to have the spank sniper take the impossible shot. It was the first slunk I ever killed.
I heard you killed the first slunk here. How long was that shot?
It was close, just outside eight hundred meters. 
Close? Close to me is within a hundred marks, Levy said. 
The MLR has nine hundred meters effective range, Harlin said. It could shoot a grenade off your chest at two tares if you took your time. Dont you know your weapon?
Sorry, they only told me I had to shoot it, not how to shoot it.
And you just picked the first weapon you saw.
Levy stuttered because it was mostly true. So?.
Youre shooting with the Hawk 320 Marksman Long Rifle, he said. It has a longer barrel, better optics, sharper aim than the standard Falcon 310 AR, which has a tendency to recoil up and right. This muzzle break should push your barrel back down on target.
What about long range shooting?
What about it?
You said I could hit something at two thousand marks if I took my time. What does that mean?
You have to read the data your scope gives you. With the CATO optics, it can only feed you information about your surroundings, wind, air pressure, and the like, but with SAGO you can also consider the conditions of all the ground and distance between you and the target.
Wont it show me where to hold the cross-hairs?
Yes and no, Harlin said. The computer will tell you where the bullet will hit, but there is a lag time. The display is about a jenk or two slow, so you have to wait until the target is predictable enough you can lead the shot. Or you can learn to read the data and plan ahead of the computer. Once all the data has been considered, you have to hold the gun steady, control your breathing, and gently squeeze the trigger. I like to set my trigger response to a lighter touch for those longer shots. The slightest twitch pulls the trigger; I shoot at the moment I need it, not the moment too late or too soon.
Master Sergeant, said Corporal Xin on the comm.
Go ahead, said Harlin.
Weve got contact, but we have a bad angle, Xin said. Im sending you the coordinates.
Harlin waited and had the data into his scope quickly. When turned to see what Xin was looking at, he saw a group of slunksabout ten or twelvescratching away at one of the rock veins. They were using a tool, and breaking off rock in jagged chunks. Xin, Vanderwerf, start from the left, Levy and I will start from the right.
Copy that, Xin said. Were standing by for the fire order.
Levy, here are the coordinates, Harlin said sending them to her. When she realigned her sights, she settled again and was ready. Fire when ready.
With four views of the slunk group, two directions of attack, and within one minute the slunks were neutralized before any were able to run for cover or retreat to safety.
Is this how it always is: snipping? Levy asked. Sudden bursts of action followed by long moments of nothing.
Mostly, replied Harlin.
This would drive me insane if I had to do it every planet, Levy said and instinctively she went back to tapping her foot into the dirt.
I prefer it this way, Harlin thought. 
Ive got another slunk, said Levy still excited by the appearance of the enemy. Sending coordinates.
Harlin received and followed her mark to the slunk. It was a single slunk, without possessions, moving slowly, with some kind of textile work on its back; inside was an unrecognizable load. It cautiously approached the edge of the canyon and looked in. Harlin was about to squeeze his trigger; he stopped. The slunk was moving from spot to spot as if casually taking in the view. It made no vocalization or provocative motions. Harlin continued to watch it.
Are you going to shoot it or what? Levy asked.
Harlin put his cross-hairs on target, and with the finger on the trigger gently applied pressure. The shot recoil was taken by the muzzle break and his shoulder. The force from the bullet pressed against his chest. At the target the impact was much different. The slunks torso burst, the carcass was inert matter before it hit the ground, and there werent even reflex twitching. He had been ordered to protect the harvest crew from harassment, and thats what he thought he was doing until now.
Sir, Sybrowsky said over the com. We have two of Rico.
Alive?
Negative sir, Corporal Golding and Staff Sergeant Adamik.
Copy that, said Harlin. Ill inform command and an osprey will be in bound: standby.

The sun was setting: casting an orange glow over every metallic surface. Two hours before the end of shift the first harvester finished filling its reservoirs, and another came in to finish draining the slunk aquifer. The transfer was noisy and time consuming. Platoon members in the canyon had to take cover at a three hundred meter minimum distance, which meant halting the search for nearly a half hour. When the second harvester was in position, its pumping arms extended into the water, but only a skeleton crew of men and MPVs rolled out to work the equipment. By the time Dean and the others were in position to resume the search, there was no equipment assistance.
Winthrop outpost this is Tiki second, Harlin said; he and Corporal Levy hadnt shot anything in a couple of hours. 
Go ahead sergeant, Waite said.
We request mole excavation gear for assistance.
Understood, standby. 
The harvester had the spare units, and command had authorized Waite to assign as many as were needed. Harlin was sure they would have their mole in a few minutes. Without the moles, they couldnt move large rocks, nor could they dig very deep. 
Tiki second.
Copy?
Im sorry sergeant, but request for a mole is negative. Waite sounded disappointed. Takuma says another harvester is in bound for metal extraction due at zero-nine hundred.
We have two hours left in the shift sir; we need a mole to continue in the search. Harlin didnt want to leave when there was still time to work. Sir, a mining harvest will process the bodies of Rico along with the million kilos of dirt. We wont have another chance at this.
I understand that, but neither I, nor Takuma can override extraction orders from command. Waite sounded impatient. Takuma has given you permission to remain in the field until zero-nine hundred; Ill send you an osprey for pickup, and upon return the Porthos is withdrawing. 
Withdrawing? Harlin was surprised. Gamma stage is over?
Affirmative.
Sir, we have sixteen more bodies to locate.
I cant change the facts. I know its cutting us short, but we have no more use for this planet and were moving on.
Yes, sir, Harlin said with reserve. See you ship side.
Good luck Tiki.
Gata search and rescue. Sure it looks good for publicity, and theyll no doubt tell the families of the dead they did everything they could, but in reality that means we did everything we could for our humping best interest. They dont really care how fast a disaster fades from memory; they just know they shouldnt be casual about it.
Sir? Levy said curious as to what all he said meant. Harlin forgot he was on an open comm with her while they were spotting. Harlin sat silent. Levy laid staring at him. It was the first time in several hours she had taken her focus away from her optics. Sir? she asked again. 
Attention Tiki second, Harlin said. We have pick-up in an hour.
Sir, I count two hours, said Sybrowsky. 
Only an hour, Jung said. We need more time.
And wheres our MPV group?
Command is pulling us out to make room for a second harvester. Anyone wanting to stay can be processed by the harvest crew, but the rest of us are lifting off in an hour. Harlin wasnt usually so gloom and doom, but the sourness of the moment was taking an emotional toll. His soldiers could tell. Prado, can you see a way down the canyon wall to assist?
I can find one, Prado said.
Xin, Vanderwerf, Baatar, and Chekov, if you can find a way to the canyon floor to help in the search take it. More hands in the assisting effort may give us more results.
Copy that, Prado replied.
Packing up, said Xin.
On our way now, Baatar answered.
Levy was getting up when she noticed Harlin wasnt. Sir?
Stay comfortable, Harlin said. We still need to spot and provide cover.
There hasnt been slunk activity for hours.
Activity or not, we will remain here.
She went back down to prone position and readied her rifle.
Thankfully the time crept by, and the entire platoon was working with more effort and speed. They were able to uncover one more body in the hour they had left, but without the assistance of a mole it took everyone moving dirt and rock to do the job. With excavation assistance, it would have been a few minutes. Despite the fact that the osprey was inbound at zero nine hundred precisely, the soldiers didnt assemble for pick-up until after they saw it break the canyon rim and come in for landing. The fourteen bodies they did find were loaded with reverence first; none were alive. The platoon boarded, and on the way up, the Hartford swooped by to pick up Harlin and Levy.

CHAPTER 9: FAMILY MATTERS

HARLIN HAD NEVER BEEN BACK TO THE PORTHOS SO CLOSE TO WITHDRAWAL protocol, so he never saw the crowded skies and traffic returning to the MCP. All HAAVs drove up their ramps and into the garages in the bottom of the ship, followed by remaining MTAVs. AOSF Raptor fighters were launching, and from the side of the RSBT, Harlin could see deck crews securing RSBTs with cables, locking launch gates, and closing hangar door sections. Their RSBT came through the entrance tunnel to the landing platform. The large launch opening was being sealed prior to disembarking P325O. No ground or air units would be launched from here until they arrived at their next terrestrial location. 
When the platoon disembarked the osprey, a medical team was standing by to take the bodies to the infirmary and prepare them for services. Harlin didnt know if they would be taken back to Gesore for that, or if the Porthos would commend their bodies to space as they made the flight back to the station. Either way, Harlin knew he should be there and pay his respects. 
The platoon unloaded the osprey and walked toward the elevator; they were solemn and walked with a slow and melancholy pace, shoulders slumped and chins at their chests. Harlin felt the mood change. The entire MCP had spent the last eight and a half hours in the presence of the dead, and felt failure for not finding the other fifteen. From the end of his platoon Harlin watched the bodies being laid on gurneys, saw the RSBT crews locking the air-craft to the deck for transport, and when he stepped into the elevator, the final rays of light from the planet surface were shut out by the closing of the elevator doors.
When they arrived on the de-con level, the ship wide broadcast began. These announcements were typically messages for all crew, final orders for general sections of the ship were given, and Captain Takuma announcing their time of launch: three burks. The platoon went through de-con, returned to the barracks, while Harlin returned to his broom closet. He had about five minutes left to prepare for the half-hour flight back to Gesore and the docking sequence. He showered anyway, thinking half way through the water would be turned off, and hed make the trip dripping wet. But he was able to finish his shower and completely dry. He didnt bother putting on his jumpsuit until he had to leave his bunk so he lay on his bed naked for the return ride.
The ship shuttered and various metal trinkets tingled as the ship began its heavy burn away from the ground. The first few minutes were always turbulent. The ride smoothed out as the ship gained altitude. A loss of gravity wasnt noticed by the thrust which took the ship into orbit. By the time the zero gravity was felt, the ships gravitational field was operable. It would be a few minutes more before they were docked with Gesore.
Attention Porthos personnel prepare for docking sequence, Takuma said over the ship intercom.
The next few minutes were silent. During flight the doors locked to keep unnecessary crew and passengers out of the corridors and allow the operations crew free reign. There was nothing to do. Harlin could access his computer, but today he sat in contemplation. The near hour flight ended when Harlin felt the rumble of the ship and the vibrations of the hull as the Porthos made contact with the mooring brackets and was pulled in closer to Gesore and was secured for hyper-light travel. The final three bumps were the largest, and that signaled all aboard that disembarking was next. Harlin put his clothes on. Fully dressed with only his casual uniform on, he packed up the personal items in his locker and possessions into his duffle bag, but left his armor and gear. These would be stowed here, sent to the quartermasters for change or repair, and be waiting for him when he came back. 
All the docking preparations would take at least a half an hour, even though dressing himself and packing his things took less than a burk. Waiting in his bunk for permission to leave was tedious, and when there was nothing to do, those minutes felt like light-years. Harlin understood the routine, and he did admit it was monotonous, but rather than going back to the same office, room or lab time and time again, he had the chance to view the worlds they bounced between. Secretly in his deepest wish he wanted to be the first person to step back on Earth when they arrived. It was a boy-hood fantasy that everyone had, but as a soldier his chances were better than average, as a warrant officer they were high, and if he was an operative, his chances were extremely good. 
Captain Takuma gave the all clear command and announced all crews and personnel could now leave the Porthos. The doors unlocked. Harlin stepped outside his room after a few more minutes of pondering. He had to prepare himself for a huge crowd, loud conversation, jostling of bodies, and the return to Gesore life. Waiting usually meant he was at the back of the rush and out of the heavy pushing and shoving. The other master sergeants and sergeant majors were already out of their quarters, so the corridors near the barracks werent crowded. Harlin finally caught up with the masses of soldiers and crew on their way off the ship, and did his best to weave in and through the herd. Takuma was giving his customary thank you remarks and congratulations over the intercom. Harlin was in there somewhere for his promotion, but no one was listening: no one ever did. Harlin found himself among a crowd of soldiers massing its way toward the gantry ramp which would lead them into the gate and foyer of the Porthos port. Harlin felt an impact of full body contact from behind. He regained his balance and turned to see the instigator.
Terribly sorry sir, Corporal Levy said. Bit of a family feud.
No worries corporal, replied Harlin seeing Levys brother behind them laughing. Sergeant.
Hopper, Sergeant Levy said. I heard you had luck on your search and rescue.
Some, Harlin said: Fifteen out of twenty-nine.
I know.
Im just glad I dont have to be the one who tells the families.
One reason I dont want to be a command sergeant major, Levy said. Still though, search and rescue was better than what we had.
What did you do?
The entire company was ordered to spend the shift re-reading the safety and protocol handbook.
Even Tiki squadron? Harlin said.
Even Tiki, Levy replied. I guess because you were the one who saved members of Rico from death themselves, Waite thought you were exempt.
I cant say I was the luckier though, Harlin said.
They walked among the crowd toward the ramp, and when they reached the Porthos exit, they stepped out of the ship onto the solid ramp and made the seamless transfer from MCP to Gesore. The gantry ramp was fifty meters wide and it was packed shoulder to shoulder with people. Only from this perspective, did Harlin realize how many people occupied a single MCP; three thousand soldiers, scientists, and airmen. That didnt include the hundreds of operations crew who remained onboard to prep the ship for a few months storage. The perspective didnt change there. He saw the massive space between ship and station, the massive mooring clamps that held the MCP in place, the sheer mass of the docking facilities, and was reminded that compared to the station, Porthos battalion was nothing more than a speck.
The ramp sloped down into a large open gate where family and friends of soldiers and crew were waiting to greet them. Soldiers wore pale green uniforms, officers wore white and other crew and personnel wore a dim orange. Civilians and scientists on the MCPs like Jane wore their regular clothes; they stuck out of the crowd like stars in the sky. Sergeant Levy saw an older woman frantically waving for his attention; no doubt it was his mother. Corporal Levy pulled the sergeant away from Harlins side toward the waving woman. Before he decided to leave, and remove himself from the reunion atmosphere he stopped to see the scene. Harlin saw Drummer meeting and kissing his wife Kelly. Waite was saying hello to his wife and hefting his six-year-old son in his arms. Kajo was meeting her fathera famous soldier who was once Tiki Squadron Sergeant Major as well. It wasnt likely anyone had come to see him home. Gail was busy with work and his mother probably wouldnt come because his father wouldnt let her. Science minded familieslike the Harlinstended to look down on their infantry offspring, especially if your father was the great Dr. Gerald Harlin. It had been four years since anyone waited to see him come home; he couldnt say he was happy about it, but for the first time he wasnt sad.
Harlin left the lobby and walked along the corridors. He was the only one not walking toward the MCP docking area. A few hundred meters later, he stepped onto the transport skiff platform. The skiff was the fastest inner-station transport system; it consisted of several high speed electromagnetic tracks running along the inside of the station. On the track ran the skiff, or more appropriately a passenger tube. They had larger sleds for moving supplies and gear to and from the MCPs or to move cargo around Gesore. He was alone on the skiff because everyone was riding to the docking area and not yet away from it. He was alone when he stepped off; he was alone when he walked through the corridors to his apartment. The bare plain walls of his apartment reminded him of the hours of quiet alone time hed spent here. Perhaps his accustomed silence was the reason for his content silence of being a sniper. 
His apartment was standard, single occupancy size and didnt hold much luxury like his parents. He threw his duffle on the floor as the inaugural motion of settling back in. Inside the front door was a small sitting area which melded into the kitchen only divided by a fold away dining table. To his right was an archway leading to his three meter square bedroom, which had a double bed filling most of the space, a bureau for clothes and  a small shelf for a few of the books and files Harlin held onto. In his solitude he read whatever he could get his hands on. It was something he started since his father had shunned him from the family library: a much more impressive collection than his own. Harlin had read a great deal since his only responsibilities were three drills weekly and feeding himself. 
Lights, he said, and he went to the counter for a drink. He activated the refrigerator-cupboard built at the back of the counter against the wall; it rose to reveal its captive buffet. He pulled out a water bottle and drank freely. Computer, activate VAT system. Any of the messages would have been recorded between the time he had checked last on the Porthos until now.
Video-audio telecommunications activated, the female voice said. This was his home computer. His pad in the barracks and his personal computer he had around the apartment were all synced together and gave him all his computer functions wherever he went on the entire stations. You have fifteen missed transmissions, five messages, and three new scheduling announcements.
Delete the missed transmissions, open message file.
First message sent from Dr. Gerald and Jennifer Harlins resi
Next.
Second message sent from Dr. Carlos Parros
Next.
Third message sent from Dr. Gailynn
Next.
Fourth message sent from Dr. Jane Courtrights residence P564 section 16, apartment 10, sent zero five hundred Sunday, Zeta, October, ander 325.
Grant, hey, yeah, its Jane.  I heard about Connor. Janes light and sweet voice was a comfort to hear after military roughness. Im glad youre alright. We should, um, get together sometime: yeah. Um, give me a call if you need anything. See-ya round.
Harlin stood and watched the last moments of Janes message. Instead of ending the message she kept the transmission going for a moment longer as if she had more to say. Because it was only a recording, Harlin couldnt speak to her, but he almost said good bye. 
Fifth message sent from Master Sergeant Scott Levy
Play message.
Hopper, didnt get a chance to tell you at disembark, but look at your schedule announcements, Levy said. You and I have been paired as instructors. Were covering every fifth day, weapons and equipment. Corvalle used to teach with me, but now youre her replacement, so check your new schedule and dont you dare be late.
He remembered now. Each company had their own training group. Master sergeants from each company rotated through the same group of cadets every week. Instructing weapons and equipment wasnt bad. The other master sergeants were covering subjects from strategy to protocol. He wasnt ever looking forward to it, and in the wake of everything that had happed last week hed completely forgot. 
Computer, delete messages, he said: Open schedule announcements. Placing the empty bottle back into the refrigerator, he closed it, and walked over to the screen. The first announcement was displayed. Computer read announcement.
Schedule announcement made for this week Girday at zero-two hundred hours. Session scheduled with Dr. Parros psychologist
Next schedule announcement.
Schedule announcement, date not specified. Addressed from the Military Administrative Education Board to Master Sergeant Grant Harlin, the computer read. According to code 5517 of the Military Education codex, you are required by position and new promotion to report to Porthos Cadet Company fifth squadron as squadron instructor, zero hour, Tuesday, Zeta, October. Any questions can be directed to Major Gemini Wilson, Military Administrative Education Board member of Instructors.
He checked the other schedule announcements looking for a ray of starlight to release him from his teaching obligation, but the search was futile. Levy had sent him a class schedule, as well as a copy of the manual. Harlin transferred these files to his personal pad so he could review the documents later from a different terminal. He had a day and a half to look over the information; a day and a half that would be mostly sleep. If he could apply for warrant officer training soon, he wouldnt have to worry about teaching the spanks anything. 
He began undressing and was going to take a nap, when the VAT signaled an incoming call. Incoming VAT from Dr. Gailynn Harlins residence at He stepped to the screen and answered so he wouldnt have to listen to the long list of statistics describing the call. 
Hey Gail, he said causally.
Grant, she said. Whats wrong?
What do you mean?
Youre not answering your messages.
I never answer my messages; nothings changed.
Mom invited you for dinner tomorrow night. Didnt you listen to her?
She wants dinner every time I come back. I expected it. I didnt have to reply.
Youre coming right?
I suppose.
I really wish youd stop this attitude, Gailynn said. I hate being the messenger, and I hate sitting in their apartment with two fully grown men who dont talk to each other.
Thats not my fault, Harlin replied. You were there. Dad made it perfectly clear he had no interest in what I do, and said, and I quote Dont you ever mention your duty and job to me young man. He used the most Gerald Harlin voice he could; and being his son it was a remarkable likeness. 
You dont have to talk about your career, Gailynn said. You know it would really warm him to the core if you asked him about his research. He loved it when you two shared ideas. You two would talk for hours about the scientific research, current hypothesis, and experimentation. You can still do that.
Until I became a mopper.
Dont insult your own intelligence. I dont blame you for choosing it, but I did tell you he wouldnt like it.
Look, if he wants help with his research thats fine, but he shouldnt be afraid to hear about what I do. I think its ridiculous that a doctor in the field of plasma motion and theory cant take advice from a man who has practical experience with plasma based technology. He thinks Im an idiot.
We both know, he knows youre not an idiot, but Im not going to gang up with you against him. Come to the dinner, be nice, and remember; we love you.
Gailynn closed the call, and Harlin stood for a moment. He let the conversation slip from his mind, then he finished undressing. The first thing he did when he was settled was find the application for Warrant Officer training. Through his computer he opened his personal information, and found the application information. Before anything was filled out, Harlin was told to enter the date, which he did. The only other information it asked for was his serial number. The second the last number was entered, the screen loaded for a moment and said across his view application completed. He hadnt filed any documents, no letters of recommendation; he didnt even type in his name. It was as if the system sucked all his information from his computer. He wondered how long his application would take to process, when he would receive his first notification, and when he would begin the formal process. Apparently it was rough because Master Sergeant Levy had applied several times and failed.

Levy came toward Harlin in the corridor. They were both in their casual uniforms. This was their first day back from being planet side, and in all honesty neither of them wanted to be where they were. But for a change, Harlin didnt feel the pressure of leadership; being a new instructor meant all he had to do was follow along. 
Have you looked out a window lately, Sergeant Levy asked.
Were still in orbit around P325O? Harlin replied
Yeah, Why havent we left the system? asked Levy. 
I dont know.
Usually after extraction were gone before the next day, 
Harlin followed Levy a few steps farther down the corridor and through the academy doors. Wow, long time since Ive been here.
Did you read the notes I gave you?
What? Harlin was having a nostalgic moment and took a moment to remember exactly why he was here. Yeah, this morning over my Captain Koranzos cereal: weapons review, easy stuff.
Well, excuse me, Mr. Ive shot every weapon in IMF inventory better than any human alive, Levy said with a grin on his face; he and Harlin shared the same weapons master commendation. Harlins scores were just more impressive. Levy checked in at the computer and made sure Harlin was watching, so he could do it on his own later.
Okay, dont be jealous.
What? That your skills scores are twice as high as mine and you have three sync authorization?
Im not responsible for my brain; blame my fathers genius genes.
Yes, I see: the great doctor of plasmatic morphology. When are you going to stop blaming your parents for everything you are and admit you are more than a soldier?
Maybe when they stop blaming me for being one, Harlin said. The conversation went as far as he wanted it to go, and thankfully it ended.
Levy led him into a ten meter square room with wall screens and holographic projectors on every surface. There were five long tables running the width of the room, and at these tables were the cadets of the academy. When they entered all fifty of them stood and saluted in perfect unison. Harlin looked at the cadets while Levy went to the center control console. Levy stood at the instruction desk and activated the manual program for the days instruction. The cadets waited, stood emotionless, stoic, and never twitched a muscle. 
When Levy had the lesson ready to begin he looked up. At ease, he said. Joining us is Master Sergeant Harlin of Tiki second platoon. He has replaced Master Sergeant Corvalle; who unfortunately is no longer on active duty, but you may see her instructing in other courses and simulations.
Harlin looked at the class. He remembered when he was young enough he didnt need to shave, and had that much determination and desire. If it werent for the hair, the baby faced boys wouldnt be distinguishable from the girls. He had made cadet sergeant major, and was one of the few like Santino, to have leadership in the academy. It was a different universe as a cadet. His attention was pulled by a tall, thick cadet on the front row who saluted.
Cadet Sergeant Major Dantes, Levy said.
Sir, Master Sergeant Harlin, are you the one they call Hopper, sir?
Harlin stepped up to the cadet to look him in the eye: only the table was between them. Yes, he replied. How do you know?
Sir, my brother, Dantes said; hes Winthrop Company Fica Squadron Staff Sergeant Tiger Dantes, sir.
Ive never met him, Harlin replied. How does the staff sergeant know me?
Sir, everyone knows you from S321H, sir. Cadet Major Dantes was smiling. Sir, you saved my brothers life. I was told that is why you are called Hopper, sir.
Harlin stood and continued to look at Dantes. It was true he had made one move that would stick with him his entire career, but then again, so had Slayer and Drummer. Another cadet saluted. Harlin turned and looked to his right to see the marks of rank on his shoulder: cadet command sergeant major. Harlin walked over and stood to look at him. Something to say cadet?
Sir, a request sir, he said.
Speak Cadet Major Lui, Levy said.
Sir, in light of todays instruction on weapons, would it be possible for the master sergeant to explain his use of weaponry at system S321H, sir?
Harlin turned to Levy. Silently he asked where these cadets had heard it all, and Levy shrugged; he honestly didnt know. Harlin walked to the console where Levy was arranging the material. He found the correct hologram and took it from the console. He knew how these lessons went, and he remembered how they were drilled over and over again. Be seated, he said; they sat promptly. Harlin projected the hologram of a common IMF gun onto the middle of the front wall. Weapon?  he asked the class. None knew. They hadnt even fired a weapon, seen weapons or as of yet studied them. This is the 100 SP Stinger.
100 SP Stinger, the class repeated.
What is SP?
Sir, standard issue pistol, sir, Dantes replied.
Your brother handles this Id wager, Harlin said. SP Stinger.
SP Stinger, repeated the class in unison.
Standard issue pistol.
Standard issue pistol!
This weapon is for rapid close fire combat, has an effective range of five hundred meters, and has two fire settings, semi and fully automatic burst at a rate of three rounds per second. Harlin could now explain the specifics of his S321H experience. The source of my call sign is half weapons training and half physics. During the operation in S321H, my battle mate and I were ordered to search and locate a platoon made stranded due to an ever changing asteroid landscape. They were in and out of comms reach and needed extraction. One SP round when fired exerts a force of just over two thousand five hundred Newtons in zero-G and a velocity of near nine hundred meters per second. That is the power to send me and my gear at point two meters a second in the opposite direction. That is mass multiplied by velocity squared, to the factor of times fired. I fired the SP ten times to increase my flight speed, point two meters times itself for every bullet fired. At two meters per second the SP was my primary means of propulsion. I maneuvered from asteroid to asteroid. After several hops to neighboring asteroids, I used the SAGO optics on my SR 330 Eagle to pinpoint the stranded platoon location. After debriefing my call name became Hopper. 
There were some small murmurs in the class, and some students were writing down the experience in their notebooks. Harlin continued with the instruction. Standard issue pistol.
Standard issue pistol, they repeated. 
100 SP Stinger! he said.
100 SP Stinger, they followed.
Harlin returned for another hologram Levy handed him. Levy looked impressed and amused Harlin was taking charge on his first day. Harlin took the class back to the basics, and displayed the next image: a bullet. Standard ammunition is the ten millimeter gas ignition round. This is the one size for all standard personnel weapons. All weapons are made based off of this round. Any weapon will fire this round. This is the universal military round, or the UMR.
Universal military round, or UMR! the class said in unison.
Harlin used the laser pointer to indicate several parts of this bullet cross-section. The shell contains compressed gas which is ignited into plasma by the primer, triggered by the weapons firing pin. The plasma expands and propels the bullet at the speeds near five machs per hour: five Mph.
Five Mph!
Rounds are made in standard, ballistic, armor piercing, shot, incendiary, EMP, and timed warheads. Do not neglect the capacity of your weapon or your ammunition. If you do you will find yourself eating through your neck or defecating out your belly button. Do not point your weapon at anything you do not intend to kill. Do you get me?
We get you sir!
Harlin turned. Master Sergeant Levy, he said giving him the floor for UMR ballistics and capabilities.

The Harlins were having their usual quiet and uncomfortable dinner. The residence of Dr. Gerald Harlin was a plush apartment in the expanded section of p living sector. The dining room commanded special attention as it was one of the few apartments in all of Gesore, which looked away from the station instead of towards its interior. At hyper light speeds, all they saw today was a collide-a-scope of light coming and going into their view. The mirage light display was the only entertainment the family members had. Sitting in silence didnt deter Harlin from eating with pleasure the beautiful meal his mother had prepared. He was accustomed to eating alone in his apartment and ignoring all other conversation when he was on the Porthos. Silence didnt bother him in the slightest. Despite his comfort, he was making everyone else feel awkward because of his devouring appetite. 
Grant slow down, his mother told him. You eat as if they never feed you when youre on duty.
Probably half starve him, his father said, but this remark only achieved the attention of two severe death glares from his daughter and wife. Harlin continued without showing signs of hearing it. 
I examined artifacts from the planet, Gailynn said, trying to bring up a topic that wasnt plasma or military related. We found complex textiles, evidence of theology, and even toys. Even Grant collected a specimen for us.
Oh, what kind? her mother asked. Jennifer Harlin was anxious herself to have conversation on a neutral playing field between her husband and son; especially on a subject Gerald would consider higher minded. Grind stones, ropes?
No, a weapon: spear point. The slunks had access to a naturally occurring nickel isotope, Gail replied. It was a refined metal. Once we knew what kind of element it was, we found it everywhere.
I still think its incredible we find life on so many different worlds, and each with their own unique treasures, Jennifer said. What would cause a planet to be made out of such high quantities of nickel?
Too close to the sun, Gerald said, shoving a piece of feltry in his mouth; he chewed and knew that they didnt understand him. The sun was white.
Lots of stars are white dad, Gail retorted.
Yes but in a stars life it isnt always, her father replied.
Oh, so it was larger, a giant star, Jennifer said.
Yes, the planet being so close to the sun would have meant its surface was hot: maybe even hot enough to refine metals as a sort of natural kiln.
I see, Gailynn said. Well the planet is ninety percent nickel. I heard that is why command waited so long before determining if we were going to leave. They didnt know whether or not to redeploy more harvesters for it.
Why didnt they? Jennifer asked.
Most of the MCPs were already on their way back when the report was made, Gail said. Without security provided by the IMF, the excavators would have been harassed.
That same nickel is the cause for the communications disruption in your company wasnt it, Jennifer asked Grant, who during all of this was eating merrily without bothering the conversation.
I suppose so, Grant replied and took another slice of bread. He thought if he could act like an inebriate, his father wouldnt mind his choice to be a soldier.
What I dont understand is why it would disrupt the APCU. That was built to avoid electromagnetic communication and the interference that could cause communication trouble, Jennifer asked.
Mom, the atomic particle communication unit is based on the science of subatomic particle interference to create lines of code, just as ancient computers used on or off signals to make codes. The power and system required to manipulate atoms and their neutrons isnt compact enough to carry around in a helmet, Grant replied. The APCU is specifically used for MCP to Gesore communication. Our helmet comms are good old fashioned electromagnetic carrier waves.
Youre right. Jennifer shot her husband a look. 
Gerald tensed up, put down his fork, and searched his mind for a neutral question to ask his son. If he didnt, all the nagging from Jennifer to speak to him would continue until they reached the next system, and lead up to the dinner afterward when Grant would again be sitting in their dining room eating in silent oblivion. Ahem, he said; Grant made no response. How is Connor Santino doing these days Grant?
Harlin, having a mouth full and busy chewing, looked up from his plate and his chewing slowed to a grind. He looked at each of his family in turn, swallowed, and settled his gaze on his father across the table. He was responsible for the explosions which wiped out his an entire platoon.
Oh my, Jennifer said. Is he alright?
I dont know, Harlin said. I havent seen him since the day of the incident when we deployed. He jabbed in another slice of feltry.
Is he in trouble? Gerald asked.
With his mouth full Grant continued. From what the company was told, he has been issued a dishonorable discharge and is pending court marshal.
Oh dear, Jennifer said. I must send a VAT to his mother and send our thoughts.
Must you? Gerald said. You know how they are about military matters: proud and stubborn.
Dont say that, replied his wife. Everyone needs to know they have friends during a family crisis. Truth was, when Gerald had been at Grants throat it was Mrs. Santino who called up Jennifer and gave her comfort. Theyve been friends since.
Grant got a promotion, Gailynn said. She hoped she wouldnt have to say it, but she thought to steer the conversation away from a military disaster toward something commendable; even if to her father a promotion was considered a military disaster.
Oh, did you? Congratulations, Jennifer said. She already knew through her channels, but made it sound wonderful for her husbands ears. She reached over and squeezed Grants hand. So you are a
A Master Sergeant, Gerald said. Everyone could see his critical cap materializing above his head, and despite further death glares from the two females, he continued. You still have no ambition for military leadership?
Master Sergeant is leadership, Gail said hopping in, in hopes Grant would be spared from their fathers cynicism. Hes in command of
I command Tiki Squadrons Second Platoon, Harlin said. I command twenty four soldiers, have new clearance codes, and am included in command briefing.
Gerald, under extreme effort, nodded his understanding, but not his approval. Jennifer was a worse enemy after an argument than Grant was during one; he knew she would hate him should he turn this into a brawl. Thats nice, he said. 
Dont master sergeants instruct the cadets? Jennifer said. I saw your old instructor, Major Pizarro just three weeks ago at the commissary. He looked well for being ninety seven. Hes still the principle at the academy I believe.
Yeah, Harlin said. I taught my first class this morning.
Still no officers training? Gerald said.
They all knew that Grant being in the military operations of Gesore was not what Gerald had expected of his son, and that after this decision, Gerald tried to convince Grant he was going to be an officer and enter administration. In Dr. Gerald Harlins eyes military administration was at least respectable and prominent. However, the dinner after Grant was promoted to staff sergeantwhich made him eligible for officers traininghis father and he became so steeped in strife that Jennifer thought they would throw punches. It was not a dinner any of them wanted to repeat. The next day, Grant had a residence change request approved and moved out on his own. The next dinner Jennifer tried to plan, Gerald would not allow Grant into their apartment. As a result Gailynn moved out a few weeks later, saying that if she couldnt see her brother in his home, she would see her brother in her own home. Jennifer still blamed her husband for forcing their children away.
No, I actually applied for warrant officer training, Grant said. Two days ago, just after I returned from tour.
Oh, well thats exciting, Jennifer said, encouraging both her son and husband who were now dangerously close to one of their staring contests.
You didnt tell me that, Gailynn said, aiding her mother. Thats great. Do you know when youll find out if youve been accepted?
No clue, Grant said, taking another spoon full of mashed cyntato. 
What are you going to do as a warrant officer? Gerald said. He couldnt help not donning his fatherly investigation ritual: which as the others knew was a dramatic search and interrogation until something wrong could be discovered and scrutinized. 
Operative missions, security, and officers assistant positions, replied Grant. Their eyes were locked, and they were both going to play the game.
Jennifer made an attempt to intersect: Officers assistant sounds interest 
Operative, like covert operative, special missions for the IMF? Gerald said.
Thats right, Grant replied. Grunt, dirty work, hard labor, action, that sort of thing. Nothing a respectable, distinguished scholar need to worry himself over.
Gailynn made an effort: Daddy what have you done lately on your plasma motion theory?
So go from being a commander of killers, to being a solo killer? Gerald spat back. Saying daddy usually melted him, but not in a game of wit.
Yeah, something like that, Grant said. Theres just something about killing another living thing that a soldier cant get enough of. Nothing like being better at your job to drive a man.
Oh would you stop it, Jennifer said.
Grants only being a sarcastic mom, said Gailynn.
Soldiers are all the same, disrespectful, unintelligible, and blood thirsty, Gerald said. Neither man knew anything outside their conversation was being said. 
Unintelligible? Grant said. You think Im an idiot. The one brain child who gave his fabulously renowned father the inspiration for directional plasma blast weaponry technology is lousy imbecile? Is that what all your smart colleagues say about every mopper and jimmy in the IMF? You have to play their game because theyre unhappy with what the IMF does?
You may be intelligent, but you are most certainly an imbecile.
Why, because I live my own life and not according to your colleagues high minded expectations?
I created that weapon system to prevent people from killing innocent creatures.
And it works; what is your problem?
That people are still killing despite every technological advancement, to bypass murder.
You think I murder? You think Im a blood thirsty savage?
You wear the uniform dont you?
Winthrop Company lost twenty nine soldiers and two master sergeants in the past five months because of the intentions of alien hostiles against us. If we dont defend ourselves, we open the door for our own destruction by people who dont give a damn whether we are peaceful or warlike!
Justify yourself you a shrink, but not in my house! Gerald struck a low blow.
You think I enjoy killing? Harlin screamed back.
I didnt raise a son to be a psychotic weapon!
We have to fight; it a job. If we dont, we dont harvest resources. If we dont harvest the resources this station and everything on it stops working. When that happens we all die. So who would you rather kill huh?
Do not bring this back to morality. Killing is killing and I for one
The alarming crash of metal on metal was a sound that made both men jump and duck for cover. During the argument between father and son, Jennifer made several attempts to force her men into a retreat. With that failing, she stood, went to the kitchen, grabbed her cooking pot, and slammed it repeatedly against the steel girder which divided their dining and sitting rooms. Gerald covered his ears, and cringed as the pot harmonized a resonance more powerful than any will of words could overcome. When the sound faded and the vibration vanished from her hands, Jennifer took command.
You two will stop this bickering at once, she demanded. You two have been angry at each other for too long, and I will not put up with this childish behavior anymore. She pointed the pot at her husband. Gerald, be proud of your son, his promotion, his decision in life, and that he is so intelligent he lives today and is eating with us, using his own hands and mouth and not in the morgue or crematorium. He is not you, and no matter how hard you try he will never be. She dropped her pot and looked at her son. Grant, please understand your fathers concern. He is worried to death every time you are planet side and spends hours pacing by that window without sleep.
There was a surrendering over the situation. Gailynn sat looking back and forth at her father and brother. Gerald looked more ashamed for having been so adolescent about the situation. He knew his wife was right, but possessed the look of a man who didnt want to admit his folly. Grant sat in a stunned silence; as if his mother had hit him over the head with the pot. Was his father truly concerned with his duty as a soldier he lost sleep? Gerald made the first move, and either by stubborn pride or embarrassment, he left the table retreating to his room. 
Grant remained seated, until his mother returned the pot to the cupboard and was sat back down at the table. He looked at her with a pleasant expression as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Thank you, mom, for the wonderful meal, Grant said. I must be going. I need to take a skills test tomorrow and run the cadets through a weapons simulation. I need the rest.
Grant stood and placed his napkin on his empty plate. Walked to his mother and kissed her goodbye on the cheek. He walked to the door, and let himself out. Gailynn and Jennifer sat together at a half empty table. Mother looked at daughter with a look as if to express the typical family gathering and the ironic, uneasy, but familiar ending; dessert? she asked.

CHAPTER 10: A BUG IN THE SYSTEM

SETTLING HIMSELF INTO A NEW SNIPING POSITION, HARLIN RESTED HIS EAGLE SR 330 rifle over the log. He was in a good location to overlook the majority of the valley; him at the wide end, the enemy camp at the narrow end five kilometers away. The hostiles were a group of collective pack animals, which communicated with grunts, clicks, chirps, and whistles. These particular slunks were bipedal reptiles, which had long tails, long necks, and long craniums. They were slightly shorter than humans, but Harlin had encountered this species before, and he knew they were aggressive, problem solving, hunt and swarm predators. Their pose-able thumbs, allowed them rudimentary working skills; they could build simple structures and climb trees. This particular species had to be shot and killed on the first try, because a wounded slunk would call others to its aid. Distance was an ally, but binocular vision was a perk that made this species tenacious. To make things more interesting for him, he set the slunk intelligence on higher than realistic to challenge him. 
In a large way this was his therapy. He knew it was killing, but he knew this was a game. He was shooting an imaginary bullet made of binary codes at an image materialized and projected onto his visor. Nothing about the simulation chamber experience was real, and in some way, it helped him cope. It helped him cope with the real battlefield, because he could just pretend it was another simulation. This helped him understand his father; his father was right, there was something about the system which he didnt like, but what could he do about it? He was a soldier because that fit his personality profile, so why was being a soldier so difficult for him sometimes. It kept him busy, it focused him; but perhaps that was at the root of the problem.
To his surprise, his motion tracker pinged the presence of a nearby slunk within one thousand yards at two hundred seventy five degrees. He spun his rifle and began an intense scan. Two slunks were cruising over a path along the nearest ridge top. When he saw them, one had its head down and running, the other was slightly behind and with its head up scanning. They stopped at the top of a rocky outcropping and looked across the valley. He had to take them before they saw him. He zeroed in on the lead, and squeezed the trigger. The bullet flew true and shattered the slunks skull. The second was startled, but turned to look straight at him. It was uncomfortable to have it know exactly where he was, and it tilted his head back to call for help, but before he could make a sound, Harlin fired another bullet into its throat. It fell limp onto its ally. 
He turned his attention to the primary camp. He saw a group of three moving up the valley behind the camp. He aimed for the rear slunk and squeezed. The shot was the farthest he had made in this simulation: two thousand fifty three meters. He shot the lead runner next. The slunk following the lead was caught unaware and stumbled over the corpse of his comrade. When he recovered he sounded the alarm of an intruder to every slunk in the valley. 
At first Harlin thought to put a round in this slunk and end the call, but his eye caught a glimpse of several other slunk formations breaking from the cover in the brush and trees and move in on the alarm. To him it seemed that they were waiting for a distress call to act. This was more intelligent than he had seen in simulations. He checked all pockets of movement he could see and counted more slunks than originally had been in the camp. He saw a pack to his right running with a perfect angle for a double or even triple kill. He tracked their run, led the target, and pulled the trigger gently. When the bullet arrived, it passed through the head of the rear slunk, the neck of the second, and the torso of the last. They all crumbled dead. 
Other slunks in the same pack sounded a second alarm, and the motion toward the camp stopped and turned toward the new cry. While most of the action was happening at a distance, Harlin thought he would take opportunities to clear some of the closer slunks. Between trees, Harlin saw flashes of slunk movement. He would have to wait for a more clear shot. He zoomed his scope back out and took a wider view at the valley floor and the small river running through it. A few slunks were moving cautiously through the brush. He checked for groups and saw a pair slowly moving down the river bank. They moved fifty meters closer before they were lined up torso to torso. He pulled the trigger, and dropped them both instantly. His score was now fourteen kills over eleven shots out of a hundred total enemies. 
It was time to move. Harlin slung his rifle over his shoulder and pulled the sling down tight. He took off at an easy jog: slow enough these slunks could out run him, but he would be warned of an approach by his motion tracker. Harlin plunged down a draw, and started the climb up the other side. This ridge was long and forced the river to bend sharp to the north. Half way up the ridge he traversed to a rock cropping and set up again. From here, the wide bend in the river gave him a perfect view of both sides of the valley. He settled against the rock crag and calmed down; he had plenty of time to prepare for incoming slunks. 
A slunk walked into view and examined the two dead bodies on the river bank. More slunks came down from the trees on the right slope standing side by side in groups. Holding the crosshairs on target, he fired once and dropped two, and moved his rifle to the right and fired again to kill the others before they could flee. The sudden death of comrades forced more slunks into motion. Some inspected the bodies. These were killed quickly. Others scattered to various places of cover, and Harlin lined three up behind a clump of brush. Eventually they would settle down and appear again or lose nerve and soon bolt for better safety. His new score tally was twenty one over fourteen out of one hundred. He may break his record.
The motion tracker signaled the approach of more slunks, and he turned in its direction. Five slunks were sniffing around his previous location. He was surprised to see them so aware of his presence; it was eerie. He gained a bead on them, and took two more with the next round. One dodged down the slope out of sight, and two went into some bushes. Harlin saw the crest of their backs and took two spine shots. While they were temporarily off his trail, Harlin ran to the top of the ridge for a more inclusive view of the different approaches to him. 
The ridge was mostly a thin layer of dirt over the top of gravel. Nothing significant grew on the north sun baked slopes so it was a good place to see, but there was little to prevent them from seeing him. Once at a ridgeline saddle, he turned to see the ridge line leading toward the slunk camp. He turned his hike to the west and farther uphill to a ridge peak. It took a few minutes to cover the distance, and when he reached the peak he waited for a moment to see if any slunks had seen him or picked up his trail. There was nothing he could see, and nothing on the motion tracker. For now the wind was on his side, hitting him in the back and carrying his scent to them. He wanted them to come to him; he had the high ground and could see every angle of approach.  He set up in a solid prone position and waited. 
He studied the valley floor. The slunks didnt seem to have his scent yet, because they were still moving down river. While he waited for them, he calculated his long distances. He could see six thousand meters down the valley and he counted twenty three slunks in his scope. He calculated those who posed the greatest risk, and started lining up and taking shots. The motion tracker activated, and took his attention to the slope below him. Slunks had come from the brush around the river and were approaching the draw leading straight to his position. Harlin took aim, and shot one by one from the right to the left: five for five, for a new score of thirty six to twenty five over one hundred. It was shaping up to be a record day.
He was lining up for his next shot, when a computer announcement appeared on his visor. Simulation ending? he read aloud. Whats the deal? 
The image on his visor faded away, and when the image disappeared, he saw the blue green gel of the simulation chamber. The gel pushed him to the surface of the tank, and he grabbed the rail and pulled himself out. When he took off his helmet, and looked up he was standing face to face with a tall, dark skinned, older man. He was dressed in a military uniform and it took Harlin a moment to recognize the black jacket and red shirt as the color and ranking of a warrant officer.
Sir, Harlin said saluting. It was a senior chief warrant officer.
At ease Master Sergeant, the man said. Forty eight over thirty five is impressive, but not the best Ive seen.
Excuse me?
You did apply for warrant officer training?
Yes, sir. Harlin wondered where this was going.
I see you have a knack for killing semi intelligent creatures. I wonder how well you would do against an equal.
I dont have authorization to simulate man to man combat scenarios, Harlin said. He made himself ready to leave the simulation lobby. And I kill because I have to. I didnt say I enjoyed it.
Is that why youre on anti-depressant medication?
Harlin didnt grace that blow with an answer. He hated being the only one who had to do his job, but then afterward mentally fight through his fathers ethical code each time he did. It wasnt his fault he was born to be a soldier, but raised to question the truth of everything. As his father said, all the IMF knew how to do was kill things, and they were more than comfortable doing it. So why did he do it: to make his dad angry, or because he couldnt do anything else? Why was he the one they labeled as depressed when he was the one who second guessed pulling the trigger?
What are you doing tomorrow? the man asked.
Cadet instruction: weapons assembly.
Ill check up on you.
Yes, sir, said Harlin and he was about turn away. Do you have any information on my application?
No, he replied. Im here to determine whether or not your application is worth our time. The man walked away.
Harlin was only in the simulation to burn off some steam. He wasnt aware he was being monitored. Tomorrow would be interesting.

Harlin was getting ready for bed, and spending his last few minutes reviewing the information on the instructors duties during simulation training. He and Master Sergeant Levy had spent the last three weeks introducing every infantry weapon to the cadets. They were now in the first round of live fire exercises. That meant they had to supervise their students in a simulation session. It had been a long time since Harlin had gone to the sim-chamber only to shoot at the firing range. Most all his combat simulation involved moving or live targets. He had just finished brushing his teeth and was pulling down bed covers when his door bell signaled someones arrival.
He threw on a pair of casual pants and checked the rest of him was worthy in appearance for company. Harlin went to the door. When it slid open he was surprised. Drummer? he said. What are you
We made it! Dean yelled and lunged forward to hug his comrade. We did it! Kelly and I! We did it!
What are you talking about, Harlin asked; his voice was muffled by his friends shoulder. He saw Kelly come in behind him smiling from ear to ear.
We moved from thirty first to fifth!
I dont follow.
Im going to be a daddy!
The excitement took a moment and Harlins brain placed all their previous exchanges into context. Hey, congratulations! he said, and hugged Kelly. Congratulations to you, future mom.
Thanks Grant, Kelly said. She wiped a lock of blonde hair back behind her ear.
Harlin gestured to his small sitting area, but they were too excited to sit. Hey, lets have a drink to
Not the same old protein vitamin water: na. Not this time, Dean said reaching into his pocket. I brought this.
Dean produced a small bottle taller than his hand, but small enough around his finger tips touched holding it. Harlin had only seen a few of these in his life. They were left over alcohol rations from before the abolishment law fifty anders ago. His dad opened one for his and Gailynns secondary school graduation, and he saw one left over from one of his parents anniversaries when he was younger. This was pure, earth stocked champagne: easily worth five months salary.
Where did you? Harlin was stunned.
Kelly and I got three from my dad at our wedding, Dean said. He said with mom now gone, he knew wed have more events to celebrate than he would.
Well, here, let me get some glasses. Harlin went to the counter and opened it.
I hope you dont mind, we asked Gailynn to meet us here, Kelly said.
Not at all, sure, Harlin said and pulled out an extra glass. He handed out the glasses, and Dean opened the old deep-green bottle. The bottle was maybe a liter if completely full, so they would all only have a few swallows, but it was an occasion that warranted more than the usual pomp and recognition.
The door signaled Gails arrival, and Harlin walked over to open it. Gailynn came bouncing in passed her brother and straight for Kelly. They hugged and laughed. Behind Gailynn was Jane. Harlin instantly felt far underdressed and she smiled, passed, and took her turn hugging Kelly. She brought Kelly a small gift which she presented. When the hugging ended, Harlin handed Jane his glass because Dean had already poured the champagne for three.
I know I didnt tell you Jane was coming, Gailynn said. That was my surprise.
Oh, Im so glad you did, Kelly said. The more the merrier. I imagine Ill have an entirely new party for me at work tomorrow.
So tell us the details, Jane said. How did it go?
Okay, so the prenatal care office sends us a regular messages to tell us our waiting number, Dean said; this was no doubt the story of stories. So we were already excited about that. Well, while I was at drill yesterday morning, Kelly got a VAT at work telling her she was eligible that day and they needed to make an appointment. She makes it for tonight after my drill, and doesnt even tell me. So Im surprised to see her waiting for me. She says she wants to go for a walk, so we stroll around and were thinking of baby namesits a common practice for us latelyand so we suddenly stop, well she stops me, outside the prenatal care office, and says she has a surprise for me. Im, thinking what, she wants to show me a new baby or something simple, okay, but no. We walk in and she goes straight to the receptionist who then waves me over to sign some documents. Im thinking, what the trit? I thought I signed everything already, but then I read the title of the paper, and it says Zygote Extraction Authorization.
You already had the egg fertilized? Jane asked. 
We made sure they had that ready when we first put our names on the list, Kelly said. We wanted a boy first so we had it arranged.
Yeah, so there I am with the document in my hand, and Im thinking, no way, Dean took a sip of his champagne. So I look at Kelly and shes smiling, and I thought, Damn you sure surprise me. So we go in to the examining room, and the nurse comes in, everything is prepared, the little Dean is slipped in, and now were here.
I have to go back every other day for the next week, to make sure the zygote has taken to the endometrium, Kelly said. The nurse says if I remain on my prenatal medication, I should have no problem.
So do you have a name? Gailynn asked.
We have a couple, but were going to wait until hes born to decide which one, Kelly said. We want to see him, before we decide.
Jane offered the glass back to Harlin so he could have a sip, and he did so. While he had it in his hand, he felt it was his place to offer a toast. So he stepped forward and held the glass up. To Robert and Kelly Dean: may you be as good of parents as you are friends.
Awe, the women said together. Everyone took a sip, except Kelly who was now expecting.
As the conversation and night grew later, Dean and Harlin moved in to the kitchen while Jane and Gailynn engaged in ravenous conversation with Kelly.
I hate to admit it, Dean said. But the only reason we were moved from thirty first to fifth was because of the casualties on P325O.
I was curious about that. Moving from near one hundred to twenty seven is a big jump. Harlin replied. 
It wasnt just because several were lost, but deaths always take a toll on families. Some people who are already high up on the waiting list pull out. They were in the debating process still, but the news of this event reminds them they want to avoid the risk of heart ache in the future.
I realize the station needs to replace those they lose, just as much as they cant overpopulate, Grant said.
Dean became more serious. By celebrating, I dont want to say Im glad all those soldiers died, but cant ignore a piece of fortune when it comes my way.
No, I dont get that impression at all, Harlin said. Whats the condition of Winthrop Company? Now that I instruct instead of drill, I dont hear from anyone.
Waite resigned, Dean said.
Youre joking.
I wish I was. He said, it had been an honor, he wished for a better send off, but after thirty eight years, hed rather be at home to watch his family grow up.
He must have taken a lot of heat from the administration for what happened, Harlin said. Has a replacement been selected?
Not that I know, Dean said. Everyones being moved around though. All the infantry squadrons are being taken apart to make sure no single squadron is stuck with a load of spanks fresh out of training.
I guess they would have to divide everything, Harlin said. I hadnt thought about it much, but the group of kids Levy and I teach, are the replacements. We have until the next system to prep them to be actual soldiers.
How is that working out?
Its not bad: a lot less hassle than constant drilling.
I bet, Dean sipped the last of his champagne. Harlin had surrendered the rest of his to Jane. But with the popularity youve gained from all your action, Id be surprised if they didnt select you to advance to sergeant major and they give you Rico Squadron.
No, I dont think so.
Why, because youre not qualified enough?
I havent been a master sergeant for a month yet. As such I have no performance points.
Whats your point?
Im at the bottom of a long list of names.
But none of those names come from Winthrop Company, Dean replied. Look, all the other sergeant majors will remain as they are. Tiki, Rico and Fica are the only infantry in the company, and Rico is out of the game. Tiki has some good soldiers, but of all the master sergeants, Waite liked you best.
Waite has resigned.
And Captain Takuma will probably call him for references, Dean said. Not to mention if Kajo is promoted to command sergeant major, shell pick you because you saved her ass.
She doesnt owe me anything. 
No? Dean said. Ive got my money on Kajo being promoted. She was a HAAV driver anders ago, and that is more experience than Broud; hes a spank when it comes to heavy artillery.
Despite the odds you say are in my favor, Ive applied for warrant officer training, said Harlin. He placed the empty glasses in the washer so he would have them clean for breakfast tomorrow morning. If they want me as sergeant major, they have to reject me from warrant officer training first.
You have any news on your application? Dean asked.
A chief has been following me around.
Who?
Levy tells me his name is Avilo. The chief recruiter and from what he says, he hates show-boating and anything radical.
Probably just doesnt like being out classed.
He interrupted one of my simulations a few days ago. He comes in to class during my instructions randomly. Levy said they followed him around for two weeks before they invited him to test. Apparently hes studying my character. Hes a nuisance.
Well, warrant officers arent picked because of their manners, Dean said. They are chosen for their skills, mental as well as physical.
Rob? Kelly asked. Dean turned and looked as his wife. Its late, I think we should go.
Yeah, Hopper has to teach the kiddies in the morning, Gailynn said.
Good night Hopper, Kelly said, giving Harlin a hug good bye. Thank you so much for letting us barge in.
My pleasure, Harlin said. Congratulations again.
Dean and Kelly went to the front door, and Gailynn and Jane were close behind. They left one by one. Jane was last. She turned to Harlin, smiled big. See ya round, Hopper, she said and closed the door behind her.
Harlin put the rest of the glasses in the washer, started the machine and finally went to bed an hour and a half passed the time he originally intended; the late night was worth it.

Do not talk, do not touch, do not think you can fool around during my training session, Harlin said loud and clear. His students were standing on the preparation deck ready to enter their simulation cells. Some of the cadets had rubber necks and couldnt keep their heads from twisting and turning around them. Helmets on, visors sealed, ventilation operable.
The preparation deck stood above a row of hyper-electromagnetic viscous simulation cells; each cell was three meters cubed, and linked to the central simulation control room. Ten cells were in each row, and all together there were fifteen rows of cells; an entire squadron could run simulations together, but today they only needed fifty cells, and one for Harlin. 
First line, step up to the deck, Harlin said, and ten cadets orderly stepped up in their simulation suits and stood above the cell ready to drop in and be immersed in the goo. Deploy.
The first cadets jumped into their cells.
Second line step up to the deck, Harlin said. While the next row of cadets stepped forward, the first line of cells rotated downward and a new row of cells rotated in from the ceiling. One cadet hesitated. Do you have a problem cadet?
Sir, Im claustrophobic, sir, the cadet said.
Of the sim-suit or the cell?
Sir, the cell sir, he replied.
Cadet, what is the cell filled with?
HEV sir.
What color is the HEV?
Clear sir.
And the cell, what is it made out of?
Transparent aluminum sir.
So you will be in a fish tank and completely visible and maintaining perfect visibility, Harlin said. Once the simulation begins, your sim-cell in conjunction with your visor, will transport you from this cell to a landscape that will fool even your claustrophobic brain.
Understood sir, the cadet replied.
Good, second line deploy.
Once all five lines were in their cells, Harlin slipped his helmet on, waited for the rotation, and jumped into his own sim-cell. The HEV suspended him perfectly centered. Through the clear face of the sim-cell he saw Chief Avilo standing on the interior walkway watching Harlin. No doubt he was there to see how he handled the hands on training.
Attention Winthrop Cadets, standby for simulation start up sequence,
 Harlin said. Since you are new at this, I dont want any fooling around, or I will send you back to first year.
Hopper your sim is ready, Levy said at sim-control. Initiating in five.
Copy that control, Harlin replied. Make sure you start all their sims unarmed and in a typical attention formation. I dont want anyone hurting themselves without my permission.
Understood, Levy said and chuckled: stand-by.
Harlins visor changed and he was instantly set in an outdoor shooting range surrounded on all sides by enormous conifers, and behind him was a five meter tall bank of dirt with targets. He was standing in front of fifty cadets all dressed in battle gear, as was he. He heard murmurs and sighs of amazement from the cadets. Attention, he said. None of you can move yet, because we havent engaged your cell to the program, only your visor. If any one of you so much as twitch, point at a fluffy kitten cloud, or chase a purple butterfly, I will shoot you with sim-bullets, until you wish I had killed you. Do you get me?
We get you sir, they all said.
Levy, complete the cell upload sequence, Harlin said.
The cadets bodies fell into the visual world, but the transition was rough, and most of them had to regain their balance: some fell over.
This is new to you; I understand. The air you are breathing is not the air of this simulation; its from your helmet. If you didnt shower this morning, you will be breathing in your stench in about an hour, Harlin said. The first thing to know about the simulation: nothing is real. Everything you feel is an organized arrangement of the HEV particles. Safety protocols will prevent you from dying, however, your body parts can be broken and being shot does hurt. Without hesitation, Harlin pulled his pistol off his thigh, and shot five cadets in the chest faster than the cadets could follow. Each one was knocked out of breath and had to rebalance. They were fine. The second thing you need to know is that in here the control operator is god. Right now its Sergeant Levy, you piss him off, and he can literally send you to trit for a good taste of bitter cold.
The cadets were looking settled, and ready. To understand and feel what the simulation is like, you have ten minutes to explore at will, and adjust to the feeling of grabbing, touching, and moving through the simulated environment. You may see yourself traveling kilometers, and you may feel it, but you will never have left your three meter cubical. Carry on.
Harlin stood at the firing line and watched his students walk, run, climb the embankment, and handle trees and sticks. When ten minutes was over, Harlin ordered them back into formation. He waited until Levy loaded the weapons, and went to a newly appeared rifle. He aimed the weapon at one student. Cadet, tell me about this weapon.
Sir, it is the standard issue AR 310 Falcon, sir, he said.
Harlin thrust the weapon into his chest and tossed him a magazine. Load it. The cadet did as instructed. Take aim at your target, and fire five, three round bursts.
The cadet took aim, calibrated his rate of fire to three round bursts and pulled the trigger. The cadet went through with his orders boldly, but when the gun erupted in his hands it was clear the weapon surprised him. His aim for the first burst was the only hit he had. The rest of his shots were scattered and wild. 
Looking at the target at seventy five meters away, Harlin calculated his score in his head. Thirteen percent, he said. That is a failing grade. Harlin turned to the rest. You will not always have the luxury of taking your time to shoot an enemy. You will all be expected to fire your weapon with speed and accuracy. You know the care and maintenance procedures; you know the loading, un-jamming, assembly and disassembly procedures and basic operations of this weapon. This training is to hone your skill to fire and use this weapon. First line, pick up your weapon. The rest of the line did as told. Find a comfortable prone position, set your rate of fire to single shot, shoot ten shots, stand, hand your weapon to the cadet behind you and rotate to the back of the queue. Execute. 
The first row obeyed, and the second listened as Harlin dictated and supervised their first attempts at shooting the weapon they had studied for several weeks. When all five lines had fired and the first line was in the front again, Harlin opened new instruction.
Squeeze the trigger, dont jerk it. Control your breath, dont close your eyes, and relax your grip on the weapon, he said. First line, step up to the fire line, and proceed as before: this time from the seated position.
Harlin watched as the first line listened and opened fire. They finished, and second line rotated in. Do not worry about calculating your score while in the simulation, the computer keeps record of your actions and shot percentage, and the results will be given to me and Sergeant Levy for evaluation.
The drill continued, and Harlin had them rotate through the firing sequence until they had all fired ten shots in each shooting position: prone, sitting, kneeling, crouched, bent, and off-hand. He was about to activate the exit protocol, when the simulation altered and he heard the high pitched sound of a tracer round. Take cover! he cried.
The sky filled with snaps and percussions. The ground rumbled and spat out chunks of earth. Dust, rocks, and debris spewed at him and the cadets. His students were more surprised and shocked than he was, because this was at least something he had experienced. Studying the soldiers that had not taken cover, he noticed each had been reissued, an AR 310, grenades, and side arms. Harlin had his SR 330 and SMG as well. He didnt know what was happening, but he knew what to do.
All cadets, break for that tree line, and take cover, Harlin called to them over the sounds. Move now!
The cadets scattered for a moment, but as Harlin took the lead, they followed him toward the embankment and up over it into the trees. The unwarned group took several casualties, and most of the cadets were taken in the first ten seconds.  Harlin took cover by a thick red barked tree, and watched as the rest of his group entered the woods.
Sir, what is happening?
Is this a malfunction?
Were not supposed to begin live fire simulations until
Cut the chatter! Harlin snapped. Sim-control what the trit is going on? There was a long silent space. Simulation control do you hear me? They were out of contact or being ignored, and he didnt have the ability from the sim-cell to override the program. He had to think. He didnt care if Levy was playing a practical joke on him, but he knew Chief Avilo may be interfering. If that was true, he had to do something to impress him. Cadet Sergeant Major Dantes?
Sir, the cadet said hunkered with is classmates near a large tree.
Take your first line and sweep around the right flank, and hold position at fifty meters, Harlin ordered. Second line fall out to the rear and watch our backs. Third and fourth lines wait here and watch the firing range and shoot at anything that steps inside. Fifth line follows me.
Sir, were not drilled in live fire exercises, Dantes said.
Congratulations, today youre being drilled. Get your first line around that right flank and look for the source of our bombardment.
Sir, what are you going to do?
Im going to get clear of this tree cover to see if I can take a look at whats attacking.
What should we do if were engaged?
You know how to fire that weapon, use it damn-it, and stop interrupting me.
Harlin looked over his shoulder and saw the ten soldiers of fifth line looking at him. He saw the surprise, mingled with terror and adventure in their eyes. Some were handling this well, and others he worried would have a load of gata in their suits by the end of this drill.
Leading the group to the left, Harlin looked at the firing range. It now looked like an asteroid surface with all the bombardment it was being hit with. The enemy wasnt aware of their relocation, at least not yet. The cadets in the trees were safe for the moment. The ridge grew steeper as Harlin lead the fifth line to higher ground. The more distance he had between the firing range and him, the better his angle of vision was. 
Fifth line, hold here and keep eyes up, Harlin said. He left the group and ventured farther up the ridge to a rocky outcropping. He activated his suits active camouflage and scooted out onto the rock edge. His sniper scope optics helped him glass the forest ridge and trace the artillery shells back to their source. Dantes, report.
Nothing here sir, he said. Im not detecting any movement.
Stand-by, said Harlin. He zoomed in his scope as far as it would go and saw flashes of muzzle fire in the trees. Because the forest was too thick he switched his optics to thermal imaging and could see the heated barrels of five HAAV Grizzlies in a clearing five tares up ridge. Perfect, he said to himself. He loaded the distance and the direction into his helmet, and worked his way back to the rest of fifth line. Cadets, Ive identified the source of the shelling, and transferring the intel to your visors. Were going to move in on them. Before any of you object or piss yourselves, Im going to explain our strategy. Dantes will lead first, second and third lines around to the right and up the ridge to flank the enemy. Youll have the high ground. Im taking fourth and fifth lines from around the left, and provide a focus point for their assault.
Sir, I insist we keep our unit toget
Do not give me orders, Harlin snapped. You have operations understanding of all the IMF weapons and your equipment; use your sensor readings, motion trackers, formations, strategies, and use the gata Ive been filling your heads with for the past three weeks. Firing the weapon is the only new element you have to worry about, so adapt and make good. Do you get me?
We get you sir? replied those left of his fifty.
Move!
The fifth line followed Harlin back down the hill where he was met by the fourth line coming to him. When they all came into formation, Harlin pulled the cadet master sergeant aside. She was a bold cadet who had often spoken out of turn in class studies to solve the problem everyone else was stumped by. Cadet Flynn, were going to take them from the south west. There is a rise to move up, but we shouldnt be in their line of sight until were fifty meters from their guns.
How do you know this?
You dont remember our visor sensor topography training? Harlin asked; he tapped his helmet visor. This is when you have to remember. He tapped her helmet a few times.
Yes sir.
When were that close well be too close for them to hit us with their artillery, but when Dantes comes down the hill, they will be vulnerable. We have to distract their small arms fire so Dantes can flank.
Understood, the young lady replied. Sir, who are we fighting?
Ourselves, Harlin said.
What?
The artillery is smaller caliber grizzly shells, and the sound of their cannons confirms it. Were taking on a group of HAAVs.
The fifth and fourth line, continued to follow Harlin. Of the twenty he should have had, he only had fifteen. Harlin knew the reality of the simulation would still send his cadets into panic when a fake bullet hit their leg, or the simulation exploded a comrade in front of their eyes. The five kilometers would also make them tired and prone to mistakes. Death in the simulation was just an illusion, but how tired you were afterward was reality. 
Harlin held up a fist. Hold, he said to the group. He heard the faint growl of an RSBT osprey. The question was, was it friendly? The osprey swooped over the ridge and dove down on them. Take cover! he cried.
The cadets split and dove behind trees and under logs. The osprey fired rockets into the canopy. The large pines provided some cover and several rocket streams ended in tree trunks. Some rockets made it to the ground, raining wood and dirt debris down on them. The ospreys single fly by was over, and it rolled toward the ridge. 
Dantes, take cover. The osprey is coming straight for you, Harlin said. He didnt hear any reply from the cadet, but did hear the echo of the ospreys badger weapon off the rocky ridge crags. Dantes, report.
There was no reply. If his group was pinned, or killed, there was nothing they could do about it with an osprey in the air, and without an RPG.
Alright cadets, were entering their motion tracking range. The good news means were too close for their primary weapon, but were now inside small arms range. Keep under cover, and move fast. Harlin took off at a run, trying to gain ground as fast as he could before the osprey came back. He also knew the twenty millimeter gun on the grizzly turret would tear through them if given the opportunity. 
The osprey came back and shot into the trees. Its rockets had been spent on the other cadets, or the game was to toy with them. Harlin tried several times to open the comm with anyone from the other groups but he was without success. They were nearing the clearing where the grizzlies were. With the few left and no heavy weapons among them, they stood no chance against the armor or the HAAVs.
Flynn, spread out the lines, twenty meters between each, have them fire a few rounds, and move to the right ten meters, fire again and move.
Yes, sir, she replied. She began her orders.
Wait for my command.
Harlin went to a small lump in the terrain that allowed him to see above the forest floors scattered logs and fern undergrowth. He took cover behind a tree and used it to steady his prone position.
In position and holding, Flynn said.
Open fire.
The cadets didnt know what they were shooting at. Harlin was hoping if they were paying attention, the opposing forces would return fire and give away their positions. It worked to some extent. The grizzly turrets turned to fire their smaller guns at the cadets, but the slope of the ridge was steep enough the bullets went over their heads. Harlin was in a higher and more vulnerable position. He had to act fast while he was still concealed. He aimed at the side grenade launchers on the HAAV turret, and fired a few rounds. He was successful at detonating one grenade, and thus the entire weapon. The bang and black smoke halted all grizzly firing for a moment.
Flynn, move your group forward and reverse direction of your tactic.
Yes, sir, said Flynn with an up-beat and near delighted tone. 
Their strategy was working. However, Harlin knew of nothing they had that would penetrate the HAAV armor.
Harlin saw the burst and muzzle flash from small weapons fire coming from up hill above the HAAV position. The surviving cadets of the other group were charging the grizzlies. Harlin watched and waited for the inevitable. The turrets turned toward the attackers and the shells were fired. The slope turned to dust and the small weapons fire ceased. What was left of Dantes and his group was gone. It was bold, but Harlin knew it was useless. The grizzlies, unaffected by the ten millimeter AR round, returned focus to their flank, and opened fire again. Harlin had to think of a solution fast. 
Sir, I have an injured, Flynn reported. Two more have fallen.
Now being close enough, Harlin accessed his sync files to see if the simulation was running separate frequencies for opposing forces. If the matrix was programmed with open system frequency, he could commandeer the enemy vehicle with his sync system and use his PDS to operate it. However, this would only work if the programmer was lazy. He was gambling that Avilo was rewriting the program functions on the fly, so he might not have thought to enter in specific program limitations. But if Harlin could get in, he could even the odds.
The sync worked. He was in command of an HAAV. He filtered through several of the command functions. He took over the driving position and rolled the HAAV out of formation. He lowered the barrel and fired one heavy artillery round at point blank range at its neighbor. The exploding shell decimated the grizzly and caused collateral damage to the other three. He moved his grizzly closer to the formation and used an opponent as cover. Harlin lowered the suspension to the lowest setting and charged the nearest grizzly. The treads of his machine smashed into the treads of his opponent and tipped it up and back. Harlin accelerated to full throttle and pushed the other HAAV into another jamming one barrel into the side of the others turret. He was about to reverse and try ramming in a different angle, but he heard a high pitched scram jet engine.  The grizzly proximity warnings alerted him of distance and speed of the incoming foe, and from his list of command options he selected the anti-air defense rockets. They fired when the target was locked. From his exterior position he watched the rockets launch upward leaving a trail of smoke behind. The smoke trail ended in a fire ball as the rocket did its job and destroyed the ASOF Raptor. The second raptor launched its payload and veered to avoid the rockets. Harlin had given it his best effort. He tracked the missiles, and their explosion engulfed the entire forest around him in flames. The trees erupted, the ground shook, and the simulation was over. Harlin figured it was a poor sportsmens way of ending the fight because of his sneaky sync tactic.

CHAPTER 11: THE GRAND TOUR

YOU DELIBERATELY INTERRUPTED A TRAINING SESSION TO FIND OUT HOW  well  I adapt in extreme situations? Harlin said. He spoke boldly in response of Chief Avilos audacity. At the risk of cadets? Thats wrong and you know it.
And against the odds you still took fifty soldiers to their deaths, Avilo replied. 
Soldiers, you mean spanks with barely enough years to wipe their own asses, let alone be prepared for a military assault. You interfered, you killed half of them before they knew what was going on.
You made the choice to engage the enemy. Just as you did on P325O, you irrationally charged in to prove something.
And I wouldnt have too, if you hadnt altered the program.
I altered the program because it was necessary, and you disregarded rules of engagement.
Rules of engagement? What rules? When does being innovative enough to commandeer your opponents tank start breaking rules?
And despite your reckless leadership and controversial tactics, my superiors think highly of you, said Avilo softening up the conversation. Your performance was better than anticipated, and despite my reports, they think your cadets are well instructed.
And combat before weapon proficiency creates bad habits in combat; habits which take years of reverse training and strict discipline to eradicate. Not to mention their scores are now ruined because you altered the simulation.
Relax master sergeant, Avilo said. Most of your cadets didnt even fire their weapons on any targets, after the shelling began, and their scores can be repaired. The situation is under control.
Harlin knew no matter how hard he argued, the chief still had the overriding command as well as the authorization to do all he did and would do. He looked over at Levy who was standing silently in the corner. It was obvious this wasnt the type of trial hed been put through. 
Sergeant, right now I imagine youre asking yourself, why Ive been such a pest, Avilo said, and by the expression this raised on Harlins face, he knew he was right. Your company is in serious trouble of becoming the least prepared and worst manned company in the entire IMF. Command Sergeant Major Kajo and I have been arguing over your application. She thinks you should be accepted into the warrant officer corps, and I think you need to grow up before we place you in the midst of our ranks.  Weve voiced our opinions to Captain Takuma, and he hasnt been able to make a decision either. This matter has been taken up the chain of command to the colonel himself. He has given Master Chief Meinken clearance and access to gather any data relative to you and your performance so as to determine where you are most needed.
Harlins stunned stomach turned over a few times, and he felt as if his feet were dipped in ice water. His name and application were passing through the hands of the leading officers of Gesore. That didnt make him comfortable. And? he asked.
And command tells me you are too valuable to leave behind; however, their opinions rest heavily on my reports. So you can imagine my difficulty in deciding where to place you. You will have a response soon. Avilo strode out of the simulation foyer. 
Harlin looked back at Levy who was equally surprised and stunned. Have they ever pestered you so badly? he asked.
Never, Levy replied. In fact, I never even knew they were watching me until I was told to report to trial training.
Why doesnt he just order me to the trial?
I dont know. I guess they dont want to waste a spot on someone they cant decide what to do with.
What is the test anyway?
Trial training is a small group training exercise and they team you up with all the other warrant officer applicants. They put you in a sim-cell and load you into a war zone, and give you objectives nearly impossible to complete.
Why do this to me with cadets?
Well, from my experience and the sims theyve had me in, some arrogant hum always assumes command and the group either goes along with it or they scatter and work separately. Perhaps they wanted to see first-hand how you command without letting rank and experience pry it from your fingers. You havent even been eligible for a month yet, and youll be in with soldiers whove been waiting anders to be accepted.
You sound upset about your results, Harlin said, hearing the self disappointed tone in Levys voice. They began walking back to their academy office.
They dont just analyze your voice patterns, command tactics, shot percentage, they also focus on your psychology, said Levy. I tried taking command of my second trial group, and they all mutinied. They want to see what type of affect you have on others as well. I think you impressed them.
Tactics were standard, and the sim difficulty was maximized. I think I insulted him.
Every cadet in that group listened to exactly what you said, and didnt mess around, question, back talk or second guess.
Except Dantes and Flynn.
And you jumped on their asses and made sure they werent going to do it again. The Warrant Officer running the test sees that; they watch for it. Avilo was collecting data on the sim the entire time. Despite his obvious advantage, you gave a good fight.
If you know their system so well, why arent you a warrant officer? 
Well, I was thinking of putting my application in one last time, but if they take you, odds of winning the promotion to sergeant major are higher for me. Ill take my chances with getting a squadron. Either way you look at it, someone is going to lose you, and I think the unhappy commander will be Avilo, Levy said. And I agree with command; you are far too valuable a soldier to pass up. I think the master chief and Kentra will pull rank and stick you in warrant officer training.

Harlin had returned to his apartment to find one VAT message: a formal invitation to the colonels office. He had never received a command summon for anything. He had never even had a conversation with anyone higher in rank than captain. He had only seen the colonel in large crowds, at a distance or over the comm. The command section, in section twenty six, was across the entire station: several thousand kilometers away. The closest he had ever come to it was flying past during transit to and from planets while on board the Porthos. The journey there would have to start early, and involve several kilometers of walking, several sleds, the high speed inner-station transport, and unraveling the maze of the command center. Planned out, it would take him at least eight hours to travel there. It wouldnt be so bad if Gesore was stationary; then he could take a shuttle across the interior of the station and cut the time down by several hours. Since the Gesore was at hyper-light speeds, he would have to travel the exterior of the station on the sleds and public transport.
He didnt sleep much because of the trek he would have to make in the morning, but he did leave his apartment early. So early he figured he could be a little lost and still make it on time. He packed with him his personal computer with plenty of reading material on it. He was working on some of the ancient classics. It kept him occupied on the sled that worked its way through sections toward twenty six. When he arrived at section twenty six, he found his bearings and boarded an elevator bound for the command levels. Once within the command perimeter, he saw nearly triple the amount of officers on the MCP command levels, warrant officers in the uniform of police and security, and even majors: which were rare and only seen over the public VAT system or at special events. When he found his destination, he was escorted to a waiting area by a young lieutenant commander. There, he stood silent and observant. When the colonel finally called him in a warrant officer escorted him. The office was huge compared to Captain Takumas; it was large compared to the instruction room where he taught fifty cadets.
The room was an oval shape. In the center of the room was a casual lounge area. Along the walls were display cabinets, a few monitors, and more seating. On shelves and in the cabinets were the priceless items from Gesore and IMF history: artwork of the time, pictures of past planetary occupations and the commanders during their periods, awards to famous officers, and models of military vehicles. Harlin recognized older weaponry displayed behind glass, artifacts, images, and ancient liquid paint art from ancient earth history that was easily five hundred anders old. He turned to the direction of the office he recognized from press conferences and public announcements. At the far side of the office was a u shaped desk with three chairs evenly spaced in front of it. Behind it and centered was a chair with a man sitting legs crossed, reading a small computer. The profile of the man was typical, no extra ordinary features. His hair was half grey, half dark brown, and his forehead lines were starting to show. He had wrinkles around his eyes, but other than that his face was fit. He was the most recognizable face on the station. Harlin went unnoticed for some time at attention.
 Hopper I presume, the colonel said. What are you doing here?
You sent for me, sir? Harlin said. He maintained a strict and perfect attention stance.
You therefore assume I know what to do with you? The colonel put down the computer pad and turned to face Harlin. I have to make a choice. I need your help.
Sir?
Half of my staff say I need you in the infantry; that you are an invaluable asset, and you have a natural instinct for leadership and command. The other half tell me, they need to advance you for special assignments and operations work, because of the same set of skills. I trust my captains to know their men and recommend them; however, I cant turn down my master chief warrant officer when he tells me he needs a man. So what do I do?
Sir?
What do I do Hopper? What would you do? Permission to speak as needed to answer the question.
Sir, begging your pardon, but as the commanding officer of Gesore, I would do whatever the hell I wanted, sir, Harlin said. The moments passed slower now that Harlin had answered, and he feared he had made a severe social blunder. 
Colonel Kentra sat looking long and hard at Harlins face. His light brown eyes were becoming a nuisance. You obviously want warrant officer training because you applied for it, but can I ignore the needs of my captains?
Sir, if I were with my platoon, I would determine where the skills of my men were needed most and combine that with who I felt would do the job in the most efficient way to achieve my desired results. To assist me with that choice, I would compare duty performance, commendations, personal experience with the soldier, and previous assignments given.
I see your point: the strategy of collective gain. Yes, that would work, and that would keep you where you were as a master sergeant. But as I said earlier, my Master Chief wants you. Am I to completely disregard what you want? The colonel spun his chair, stood, and walked to one of the side windows behind his desk. I have however, thought of a different use for you.
Harlin held his silence, because he didnt know what to expect.
I have decided to allow your transfer into warrant officer training, said the colonel. However, you are expected to remain an instructor for the cadets because the command structure of Winthrop Company is still being reconfigured.
Harlin was happy and disappointed by that information at the same time. Not teaching was one of the aspects of warrant officer life he was looking forward to. He waited to speak until the colonel was finished.
I have also asked what possibility there would be of having you remain with Winthrop Company as Command Sergeant Major Kajos warrant officer and assistant. To do this, Master Chief Meinken has explicitly told me a warrant officer can only fill that position as a first warrant officer. Chief Warrant Officer Avilo, who is in control of recruitment and training regiments, has reported your duty performance and skills may be enough to qualify you for the rank of first warrant officer, but he is doubtful. Therefore, youll have to prove him wrong. The colonel turned away from his window and walked straight at Harlin. Hopper, if you succeed in meeting the requirements, Chief Meinken is prepared to offer you the rank of first warrant officer, in which case I will return you to Winthrop as Kajos assistant. However, if you fail, I will be returning you to Winthrop as nothing more than what you are now, and Kajo can decide what to do with you based on your earned duty performance. Understood?
Sir, yes sir, replied Harlin.
Excellent, Kentra said and held out his hand for Harlin to shake. Report to Chief Avilo Randay at the epsilon twelve simulation module in sector thirty-one at zero thirty hours for a simulation training session.  Dismissed.
Harlin saluted and remained silent. He was told what would happen; he hadnt even been asked if he agreed. He went from Colonel Kentras office somewhat surprised they asked him here just to be told what was going to happen. He was under the impression they didnt do this type of advancement often. If Harlin was good enough, was the idea, and he wondered if he was. If Levy had been turned down, it was possible he was just as likely to fail. Was he a better soldier?  He was essentially offered the opportunity to skip monthsmaybe andersof training, waiting, and toil for a position that would service the IMF best. He didnt have any objections, but wondered how many other soldiers he was stepping over to satisfy the requests of so few.

The Gesore station was a giant ring over forty-thousand kilometers total circumference built to orbit Earth. From primary education history courses everyone knew the station was originally designed for gravitational and magnetic acceleration. It enabled the first human ships to reach the outer planets in the Sol system. Over seven hundred Earth years the station was the primary launch and receiving platform for all inner-system travel. It was outfitted with agriculture environments during the Growth Crisis, and given weapons for the first and second inter-solar wars. Since its departure from the solar system, generations of crew, scientists, and engineers have upgraded, modified and outfitted nearly every aspect of the station. All the modifications and upgrades made it three hundred kilometers wide and one hundred and twenty kilometers tall. 
The sheer scope and size of this station always sparked curiosity in Harlin, and he remembered being young and wanting to walk all the way around the station and see everything. Of course he didnt know doing that would take months, but children have no sense of time. Since his secondary education he hadnt moved more than a few hundred kilometers from his familys original apartment with the rare exception of visiting grandparents in other sections of the station. Now, in the same week, he was having the tour of tours. He had reported to the command sector and was now traveling to attend a warrant officer training session in section thirty one. While traveling, there were checkpoints in the sleds, and elevators that required access codes. In order to transfer to specific sleds Harlin had to enter his code at the gate and hope his code cleared him for entry. Civilian sleds wouldnt stop within restricted areas so he had to be sure he was on a military sled if he was going to find his destination. 
After traveling the eight hours to the command section, todays five hour journey to the Warrant Officer training facilities deep inside section thirty one wasnt as bad. When he arrived and stepped off the sled and onto the platform, a warrant officer approached him and required his identification and security clearance. Harlin surrendered the needed information, and waited while the officer, in full combat gear waited for the override orders from his superiors. Once the order was given, the officer escorted Harlin down a corridor to a specific elevator. The soldier didnt speak a word, and even activated the elevator for him. The elevator was empty. The ride wasnt long and when the doors slid sideways, a pair of warrant officers stood monitoring another security checkpoint. They didnt solute; no one saluted or received salute from a warrant officer. They motioned him forward without saying a word, and had him step through what looked like a de-con chamber; it was probably a type of x-ray security device. When finished with their scan, the officers snapped a small red tag on his the collar of his base armor: which he had been ordered to wear. There was no verbal instruction given, only a hand motion down a corridor. Harlin ventured down the corridor until he saw someone he recognized. 
Chief Avilo was waiting at a door. When he saw Harlin approach his expression turned to interest and annoyance all at once: a hint of fake sincerity. Welcome to the black hole, he said. Enter here, gear up and exit the other side of the locker room. You will join the other recruits in the briefing hall. Avilo didnt motion or make any other gestures of instruction. 
Harlin took the instructions, discovered the route and continued. The corridors werent washed, or refined. They werent bright, or as spacious as the living quarter corridors, nor were they grand and ornate like the public sectors. The natural metal walls, joined exposed beams, and these joints were occasionally interrupted by pipes and conduits running perpendicular or parallel to the beams. Bulk heads every twenty meters had portal doors that sealed in emergencies. Harlin felt he was on an ancient earth combat star ship rather than the station he grew up on and knew.  He found the locker room amid the corridors. It wasnt particularly attractive, but inside he did find a red tagged locker with his name on a slip of paper above it. Inside was simulation gear. He put it on as fast as possible, and followed the room to the exit opposite of Avilo. By the time he left, another prospective warrant officer entered and began dressing himself. 
Just outside the locker room, Harlin found a door to his left. The door led to a large room sprinkled with a few other suited up soldier candidates waiting for the same event as him. He didnt know any of the others by face. He cautiously stepped inside and attracted the attention of everyone. What little conversation existed vanished as if someone had muted the volume. He didnt let the moment bother him; instead he found an isolated section of wall, stood there, and folded his arms. After he stopped moving, the faint murmur of conversation rematerialized. It was probably a communal reaction to each person that entered.
Two soldiers in a group a few meters away were looking straight at him. It was only a matter of time before they said something to him, so he saved them the trouble and stepped closer. They were surprised and took their eyes away from him the moment he began his approach. When Harlin stood next to them, he remembered how tall he was. Men in his squadron like Dean and Admin made him feel average, but here he was easily several centimeters taller. Im Harlin, he said holding out his hand to one of the men in the group. He only received a stare in reply. The man gave him a simple nod and walked away.
Rude spank isnt he? All he could say to us was how awesome he was, said the female in the group. She was tall, with a shaved head and dark eyes. Kuharangi Watane, Indus Battalion, Yukon Company, Lito Squadron cheetah cavalry. There Im called Crazy Rangi.
Porthos Battalion, Winthrop Company, Tiki Squadron: mobile infantry, Harlin replied. Im called Hopper.
I heard Winthrop got waste deep in gata on P325O, said another soldier of the group. Something about insubordination.
Rogue soldier, said Harlin. Lots of soldiers died.
Tunnel collapse isnt that right? the same man asked.
Ah there is no den in the world to hide a rogue, said the last man standing off the second mans right. Sorry to hear.
Jacque Freiot, said the first man; it was obvious by his girth he had spent longer than regulation time in the mess. Moscow Company Alta Squadron mobile; they call me Ferret because no one can read my name right. This is William Clarkson.
Moscow Company Tora Squadron mobile, Clarkson said; its a pleasure. He reached out and shook Harlin and Watanes hand. I agree with Dr. Johnson when he says, if a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself alone.
We call him Shake, said Freiot.
Shake, asked Harlin. Your hands shake?
No, we call him Shake, because hes always quoting Shakespeare, Freiot replied.
Those last two were not Shakespeare, Clarkson said. That last was Johnson and Emerson before him.
You have an ear for the pre-classic and the post-classical, Harlin said.
Hes got a mouth for more of it, Freiot said.
How my achievements mock me! said Clarkson.
Give every man thy ear, but few thy voice, Harlin replied. Hed read it recently.
Hamlet, act two scene three, replied Clarkson; having new energy that he was now joined by another who was versed in ancient literature. He pointed at Harlin while jeering at the others. Thats Shakespeare.
How did you become so versed? Watane asked.
After literature was introduced freshman year, I was hooked, Clarkson explained. Despite my wishing for linguist, my IPP exam had soldier written all over it; who am I to argue?
A disturbance in the room swept their attentions: the arrival of a new warrant officer. The rank insignia indicated he was a chief warrant officer: the same as Avilo. He was rougher, less tidy in appearance; his hair was nearly gone, and what hair remained pointed in whichever direction happened to be most convenient. The wrinkles on his face twitched and moved; by so doing, anyone could tell the subtlest emotion on his face, and at the moment he was skeptical. His skin looked as though it was stretched and then released to hang. He was probably close to ninety years old; his uniform couldnt be made thin enough to look right. One eye brow rose, I am Chief Warrant Officer McCoy, he said. His voice was like Harlins fathers, deeper but soft. Im your baby-sitter for the next few hours. Because I have commandeered your life until I kicked you in the ass and you run home crying. I dont want to hear any protests, complaints, critiques, suggestions, questions, I dont knows, or can I rests. You are here to do what I tell you, end of story. Wimps and pussies, theres the door; get your gata leaking trit bound hum hump out of my sight. The rest of you, follow me.
No one left, and all followed Chief McCoy. Harlin waited while the rest of the room attempted to squeeze through the door at once. When they all broke up to allow turns to be had, Harlin took the moment and cut into the center of the group making it out the door five people behind McCoy. They hadnt walked far when Harlin recognized the environment. They were on the access walkways surrounding an enormous simulation sector. They were on the observation walkway extended through the middle of the wheel. This was the same type of design as the regular simulation chambers he was trained in and trained the spanks in. All the previous sim wheels he had seen were only designed for a squadron with one hundred and fifty cells, but his was fifty cells long and easily fifty rows or more. Its sheer size dwarfed all other simulation sectors hed ever seen.
McCoy turned on another walk way and led them to the right, between rows of cells. Inside each you could see the soldier in simulation; some were running with an invisible rifle in their arms; some were lying in prone position; some were seated as if in a badger that wasnt there. They passed through the row and came out the others side. It was much darker, but Harlin noticed the figures and shadows of people above him. He looked up and saw warrant officers staring down at them; his curiosity speculated at what they thought of him and the others. McCoy stopped at one of many loading decks. Harlin realized these sim-cells didnt rotate. Every level had a loading deck.
All right you sorry tailed asses; before you stumble into a sim-cell listen hard, McCoy said. You are about to enter a combat zone. This simulation has been operating for over twenty years without interruption. You will find yourself equipped and positioned at an outpost of extreme importance to your allies. Your mission is to hold your outpost position against onslaught and drive attacking forces back.
Sir, what are we equipped with? one soldier in the back asked.
Did I say speak maggot? McCoy said. I said listen, and unless your mother was a pus filled scum sucker, you dont listen with your mouth! McCoy didnt do anything but insult, and Harlin understood the man had years of practice. As I see it, none of you are qualified; none of you have the mental attitude required to do what is necessary. None of you possess the skill required. None of you will know what to do, and you will all wish you hadnt lived to see today. You dont just die here, you suffer! Get to your sim-cells! Go! Go! Go!
Harlin was anticipating fast action and sharp orders. He snatched the sim helmet and slid it over his uniform, snapped it sealed, and dove head first into the HEV; once inside he rotated his arms to put his body into the proper position. He was confident he was ready for deployment long before the others. Before he was situated right side up, the simulation started and he was dropped hard onto the floor. He landed on his knee and thigh, followed hard by his ribs and arm. He bolted to his feet and studied his environment.
The sound of plasma tracers filled the air. Bursts of light and sound echoed from every direction. The ground beneath him trembled. He wasnt on ground. He was in a building. He was standing on an upper floor of a metal structure. One wall was blown away, the ceiling had fallen in, and the two windowsone right and one leftwere shattered. From the light coming in, he knew the left window was south, and the right window was east; the sun was in their faces. Also the surroundings were urban; there were structures everywhere with narrow streets between them all. A few more soldiers materialized in front of him as the simulation put them into place. He recognized the faces from the waiting area, but eventually Clarkson, Watane, and Freiot came into being. There were nine other soldiers including them; Harlin made thirteen.
By this time, the other soldiers were checking their surroundings, and one went to the east window to venture a look. His head jerked back the moment it was exposed. His body dropped limp to the ground; he was dead, or at least his simulation body was dead. The simulation spattered blood into the room; at least the graphics were realistic. Harlin could see the evidence of shock on the faces of his group inside their helmets. As a sniper, Harlin knew better than anyone, never look into the sun. There was a little milling around, and unknown confusion as to what to do. 
The program loaded in their weapons and the room filled with gear and guns: one for each of them. The disorderly dash to grab the best was crazy. Two fought over a MLR 320. Harlin didnt rush for his weapon. He waited until there was only an SMG and a pistol left: one for him, and one that was intended for the dead man. These would do. He looked around and saw the weapons assortment had been random. He walked over to a soldier who had a SR 330. Using hand signals Harlin offered to swap with the soldier, but the soldier declined his request and headed down the stairs at the back of the twenty meter room. He turned and saw Clarkson signaling him a comm frequency. He quickly changed his settings.
We have to group up, Clarkson said, the moment Harlin was tuned in. Ive got an HMG; Im normally a rifleman.
Yeah, Im a sniper, Harlin said. They turned to Watane who carried an SR. Rangi, weapon swap. Im a sniper specialist.
Anything, Watane said. I drive HAAVs all day, get me a Rhino.
Ferret, what do you have? Clarkson asked.
Shot gun, Freiot replied.
Anyone have a secondary? Harlin asked, holding up his pistol.
The structure shook and dust billowed in from the open wall behind them. A soldier ran back up the stairs frantically waving signals at them and no one understood. Finally Harlin signaled him their frequency and he paused long enough to reset his comm. Dont go that way; theyve got us pinned by artillery, he said.
What kind? Clarkson asked.
HAAV, he replied. Anti infantry: Tiger.
Gata! Watane cried. Weve got to fight our own machines.
What were you expecting, cuddly rabbits? the newcomer asked.
Out the back away from the sniper fire, Harlin said. Stay out of the window light, and off the back wall.
The five hurried to the edge, looked over, locked their gel layer and jumped from the building. After they tumbled a few stories below, they regrouped and took watch.
We were told to hold our outpost, Freiot said. We cant leave.
Were also told to halt and push the advancing force, Watane said.
But we cant do either from that building, Harlin said. Snipers watch the windows, and no doubt call in the artillery strikes. We have a few challenges to get passed before were doing either of our objectives. You, Harlin said looking at their new comrade, Name?
James Hui, Quito Company Lima Squadron, mobile infantry, he said.
Im Hopper, this is Ferret, Shake, and Rangi, Harlin said. He turned to Hui. Any eyes on the snipers?
No, theyre in tight, Hui replied.
Where is that HAAV? Freiot asked.
Around that corner, and about fifty meters west on that major street, Hui said. Its camping. I think it took out everyone in the lead. I was last, and theres one still in the bottom floor. 
Ah trit, said Watane. Weve gone from thirteen to five in less than a burk. Thats got to be a new record.
We have to focus, Harlin said. He pointed to the building whose back was facing them, but which had no windows. Lets move to that building. We can use it as cover from the snipers, but still keep a good watch on that east and south direction.
I agree with you, Freiot said.
What about our objectives? asked Watane.
Im not about to try and fight an enemy I cant see or understand, Clarkson said. I say lets do Hoppers plan and do some recon. 
Watane took point with the assault rifle. Harlin detached the SRs scope and used it to check corners before moving from cover. Hui brought up the rear, and Rangi and Clarkson watched the flanks.

Sergeant Levy hadnt said anything about the procedure that followed the testing exercise. Hed heard from Levy and others that this simulation was formidable, impossible, and the best test of a soldiers ability. Perhaps thats because it was human killing human in gore and detail, maybe the intensely dangerous loading location, or possibly the intimidation of fighting against weapons you knew how to use. Unless you were scrimmage drilling, or shot by a drill instructor, there was rarely any friendly fire in the training simulations. The reality of this simulation came from the opponents themselves. These were trained warrant officers turning their skills in a battle against other warrant officers in an ongoing game that was constantly in operation. The test subjects werent up against simulated computer artificial intelligences; they were up against trained combat veterans who knew more about weaponry, and had more specialized weaponry and tactics training. Warrant officers were supposed to be the best soldiers. He didnt mean to be pretentious but Harlin didnt feel the soldiers in the simulation were any more complicated, harder to kill, or more difficult to strategize against. Yes several other soldiers were killed within minutes, but he could see it coming. Most of the simulation experience most soldiers have is experience against less than human intelligent slunks. It was no surprise that some died nearly instantaneously. 
In some little ways he felt set up: almost like they wanted him to succeed, that the early deaths and remaining soldiers werent a chance scenario but one designed to make him improvise. Was this how they rigged every test? Was each test designed for one particular applicant in mind? Kentra wanted him to succeed, so was that the reason he felt it wasnt particularly over complicated? Had the colonel rigged the fight? 
All these ideas occupied his mind on the five hour sled ride back home. When Harlin stepped into his apartment, he took off his uniform, hung it in the closet, showered, and was walking to the refrigerator when he noticed the VAT screen was blinking. He had messages. Computer, play messages, he said from across the room.
Master Sergeant Harlin, Avilos voice said. Harlin was starting to dislike him. He had one of those sickly voices: like he was hiding truth. After reviewing the data from your simulation, you are to report tomorrow for continuing evaluation. Report in at sector thirty-one zero three hours Arthday. Your instructor position at the academy has been filled.
Great, Harlin said to himself. He looked at the time. I have to leave in twenty minutes if I want to make it back in time. Avilo is doing this on purpose I know it. He walked back to his cabinet, pulled out a clean uniform, and started dressing. How much more time do I waste in viscous material working my butt off for a no-win scenario?
Venting out loud was helpful. He didnt mind the work; he wanted this position. But he couldnt abide not knowing what they were thinking, or what they wanted from him. At least in basic training he knew what he had to do. As a warrant officer candidate, he didnt know if he was accepted into the training program or if they were still in evaluation. How many simulations did he have to pass through before he was part of the warrant officer corps?
The computer continued on after Avilos message finished. Message sent from Dr. Jane Courtrights residence, section P, residence R564, suite ten, sent at zero nine forty, Girday, Theta, November, ander 325.
Hey its been a while and I havent heard from you; in fact no one has heard from you, Jane said. Her genuinely interested voice was music compared to Avilos condescension. Gail says youve been unusually scarce, and even Dean doesnt know what you do because he hasnt see you at drill. I know youre teaching, but send out a VAT every now and then so we know youre alive. Im not sure how bad the situation was on that planet, but if you need to talk, Im a few buttons away. Dont be a stranger.
It was no secret to Harlin that Jane liked him. Harlin had struggled with the idea of making that attraction consensual, but he knew he wasnt in much of a position to include someone in his world. His dad reminded him of that often. She was a great friend, and Harlin worried that making her more than that would ruin the comfort they had with each other. He didnt want any awkwardness. He also knew becoming more than friends would make the transition back to friendship difficult if a more serious relationship didnt work.  The last thing he wanted to make was another mourner should he die on some backward planet mopping up for the harvesters. He lay back on his bed for a bit of a breather before leaving. Janes voice bounced around his head for a few moments. He had plenty of travel time to think about his feelings for Jane. She was sweet, pretty, and patient with him. Theyd been friends for so long it was different to see her as a prospect for more serious relationships. 
He stood, grabbed his personal computer for the journey back, and left his apartment. He would have to board the zero hour high speed sled to make it on time. Obviously the rigorous schedule was part of the exercise. Perhaps he could find temporary housing nearer to section thirty one. That would create an even greater absence from the social life he didnt have, but at least he could sleep between simulations.

CHAPTER 12: LIFE IN THE FAST LANE

HES NOT QUALIFIED FOR THIS TRAINING, AVILO SAID, ADAMANT NOT TO HAVE Harlin inducted into the warrant officer ranks. Ill accept him as regular recruit, but I dont want him advanced in rank.
My orders come from Chief Meinken himself, McCoy said. Take your complaints to him. Besides, I agree with him; he is qualified.
He hasnt earned the duty performance points required. He has shown no aptitude for leadership, no ambition, and I havent seen any better than average skill.
He was in trial simulation for twenty minutes, killed two excellent snipers, and halted all oncoming advances, with school girls on his team, McCoy laughed. Frankly Im surprised he showed that much skill, ambition, and leadership. How do you justify that as average?
He didnt lead them.
He formed them into a conglomerate.
He didnt take clear command of the situation!
How could he with all the confusion. He gave them a rally point, a strategy, and he took them through twenty minutes of advanced combat simulation.
What was his strategy?
He took high ground to scope and spot while two scouts went south and east. He calls in coordinates, took suggestions and intel, formed perimeters, and listened to his comrades. He kept them alive for seventy-five percent longer than our average applicant. 
Avilo thought. Can you deduct his reasoning for this strategy?
He eliminated the hardest targets first, said McCoy. Infantry training doesnt teach that strategy; we do, and its something command sergeant majors are supposed to learn, but never do. All they ever learn is to follow the commanders, which is strategy we feed them. This military plays the I do what Im ordered game.
And Harlin doesnt?
His actions speak for themselves.
Explain to me then.
He diverted from orders as a tactic to maintain orders. He didnt attack head on to prevent enemy movement; he set up traps and cross fires: pure defense. We couldnt ask for a better well trained tactician from regular infantry.
And he made our trained warrant officers look incompetent, Avilo said. 
Is there a down side to that? asked McCoy. I want five hundred just like him.
We cant promote him without documentation; he has to earn it.
Im not saying he doesnt put in the time and earn the performance points. Just because you got a problem seeing him break the statistical evidence that proves warrant officers are better trained, more experienced, intelligent, and better tacticiansespecially  by this smug twenty-seven-year-old son of a lab ratdoesnt disqualify the little hum bugger for special operations and command positions. What do you want me to do? Bust his ass back to private for being better than you? Ive got orders from the colonel and master chief to push this through.
Piss off, Avilo said and marched from the room toward sim control. Give him hell! he said on his way out.
Understood, McCoy said. He saw Harlin arrive in the doorway a few moments before Avilo stormed out. Master Sergeant, he said. Welcome to day one of your warrant officer training. Due to special situations, you will not be included with the entry level candidates, but will be under my instruction for the next thousand hours of sim time.
Harlin understood his situation was non-typical. He watched McCoy pace the briefing room. What he was waiting, for Harlin didnt know. 
I hope you know what theyve put you up against. Frankly you need to break records in duty performance point accumulation to earn your position, McCoy said at last. You have one hundred points already if you can pass the thousand hours. Thats one point for ten hours. But that leaves you fifty short, which means youve got to bust your butt and make up points somewhere along the way. Improve your scores, outshoot decade standing records, and who knows what other gata. You also are fighting the clock, because according to sim-cell time regulation. That will slow you down. Im not saying it cant be done, Im just saying this has never been done before. In conjunction with tactics, vehicle, weapons, ordinance, and endurance training in the simulations, you will also relearn every weapon, re-read every tactical manual, retake every exam, and pass flawlessly all areas of evaluation. On some occasions you will have sims with the other candidates, however, you only have three months to achieve first warrant officer status. You have no time to slack off.
McCoy turned to him with a half pleased and half trying to hold in the tough guy routine he needed to maintain master-pupil relationships. He activated a computer monitor and began with the basics: weapons.
These are the basic weapons of the IMF compatible weapons series, and these are their munitions, McCoy flashed images by Harlins eyes. The warrant officer corps expects all officers to know how to operate, modify, repair, load, clean, disassemble, reassemble, and destroy all these weapons. This is assignment one.
Instead of hours of lecture, McCoy opened a large two meter square crate. Inside were random weapons parts; barrels, stocks, actions, muzzle breaks, magazines, ammunition, optics, and accessories. I will give you a mission briefing and a set of objectives, you will construct two weapons for each mission using these parts. You have one burk for each.
Harlin looked at the large bin of random broken hodge-podge weapon parts. He would have to modify, repair, rebuild and assimilate weapons for this task. He got to work. He had a rudimentary knowledge of these weapons from basic training over five anders ago. Hopefully what he remembered was enough to pass this portion of the exam.
Five hours of assembling weapons with random configurations was followed with another hour of instruction and critique from McCoy. Harlin had put sniper barrels on SMG stocks, with drum fed ammunition. Hed disassembled a RPG and used the stock to create a HMG and MLR combo. He rigged an assault rifle with a broken action into a shotguns pump action, with a rapid fire muzzle break. It was a mess, and Harlins fingers and hands were cramped after the task, covered in a mechanical metallic smell. McCoy wasted no time, nor gave him breaks. He moved quickly to the second half of the training session.
McCoy introduced new ammunition and a new weapons system he didnt know about. This is the FBS weapons system or Fly-by-satellite. This uses the SAGO optics, and the SDMR, or self-directed-military-round, he said. This mini smart missile uses heat, GPS, or RF signals to hone in and neutralize the target. This round does not replace the UMR, however, but is the primary round of choice during covert operations. Harlin had a question, but McCoy read his mind. If youre wondering, yes, this bullet will shot around corners, over building, and through obstacles.
Harlin understood the need not to use the SDMR with conventional military units. Most of their hostile interaction was against unintelligent slunks and the need to outsmart the enemy was rudimentary: besides, standard IMF weapons overpowered even the greatest number of slunks. P325O proved that.
The lecture continued as McCoy introduced Harlin to the new software, the optics, rifle, and PDS he would have to utilize to operate the SDMR and other bullet types such as the EMP. Harlin knew there would be more training. Training with vehicle operation, training with only one weapon, training with the wrong weapon for the mission, and training with no weapon were all on the cue. It was only a matter of time. 
After the first week of one on one instruction with McCoy, Harlin was beginning to understand McCoys opening remarks about needing to bust his butt. One thousand hours was a large number. There were ten hours in a day, one hundred hours in a week and a thousand in a month. He spent his off time sleeping on sleds between section thirty one and sixteen where he was expected to teach cadets. Harlin actually missed a few classes, because Avilo told him hes position had been covered. Rather Harlin misunderstood, and a replacement had been found for that single day only. Master Sergeant Levy had left a stern message on his VAT about leaving him alone. He himself was in the running for Sergeant Major and could be promoted any time, so Harlin was really the permanent instructor for the cadets even though he was never around. News from Winthrop Company came when he had time to hear it, and so far much of their next planetary occupations success was on his shoulders. The cadets he was training were to be enlisted into the ranks to replace the gap left by those of Rico killed on P325O.  Between his training and his instruction, Harlin was barely at home, ate when he absolutely had to, and was living in the same clothes for days. His focus and stench were so bad one day, Levy sent him home to clean up. The mark he needed to meet seemed so far away, that he didnt know if he could last long enough to see his rank advancement happen.
So far Harlin had been through just over a hundred simulations with McCoy: all designed to train him in solo operative exercises. The first two hundred hours were combat simulations with new weapons and focused on specialized tactics. Sometimes the new weapons made the simulations easy, but for the majority of the objectives Harlin was forced to be creative. Some missions teamed him with the other warrant officer recruits. He had on occasion met Clarkson, and Watane, from which he learned neither Freiot nor Hui had been accepted despite the excellent group showing at their trial. It was a shame, but the warrant officers were a particularly hardened group of soldiers. The ordinary warrant officer training schedule alone was intense enough to make normally good soldiers abandon their chance at being part of the corps. For the first few days, Watane and Clarkson had a starting schedule like his, but their demands leveled off. Harlin had no such luck. He literally had no life outside the HEV in his sim-cell, and he sled in rode back and forth became a bed and a study library. Despite the arduous circumstances, Harlin enjoyed knowing he was good at his job. He appreciated his knowledge, talents, and skill because he was doing something others mentally and physically couldnt do.
He had several simulations on piloting RSBT Ospreys, operating HAAVs of every make and model, and learning the basics of HSBT Vulture and ASOF Raptor flight and air combat tactics. The AGAG Dragon flight information was similar to the other aircraft, but the size and ability of such a gunship meant two separate simulations just to have a basic operations understanding. But the one craft he spent the most time learning was the OAST phoenix: orbital to atmosphere support transport. This ship, more of a ship than a fighter, was the flagship of the warrant officer corps and carried the functionality of a fighter, transport, and battleship. The ship had three decks on which were sleeping accommodations, medical trauma facilities, weapons and munitions cache, a two badger garage, and a hanger for a drone or an HAAV. It was the highlight of his vehicle training. The OASTs specific design was for transporting troops, equipment, and supplies from Gesore to an atmosphere, or even long range combat missions where a MCP was either too big or unnecessary. Hed seen them on occasion, but everyone regarded them like the officers of the corps: elite. To fly and operate this was a cadets dream come true.
Somewhere in that mix he had over two hundred and fifty hours of solo black operations, which were everything from seek and destroy to recon missions, and survival training that involved tracking, killing wild animals, and living in harsh environments, with and without proper gear. One simulation gave him the sensation of having to survive in a nitrogen rich atmosphere. He had to deal with his bodys rejection of the gases, and still perform tasks necessary for survival. It was brutal, but he survived with good marks. By the time Harlin could see Colonel Kentras three month achievement deadline, he was down to the last of the simulations. With each sim varying in time, Harlin calculated he would have near one hundred and twenty hours over his thousand hour requirement. He had also broke the record high for weapons skill score, so altogether his performance points would be sufficient to earn him the rank needed if he fulfilled his hours on time. He was hoping that would satisfy the personal interest Avilo had taken to his training and quell his desire to flunk him. 
Every now and then he would meet Avilo and receive some back handed complement. Avilo was like Santino, and hated competition that could make him look less grand. Harlin wasnt there to sabotage anyone. Though if not for McCoy being the direct supervisor over his training, Harlin was sure Avilo would have found a way to sabotage him.

In the final and last simulation on the queue, Harlin couldnt tell if the enemy was the giant blood thirsty insect population native to the environment or the soldiers he discovered hunting him. Harlin was running, and out of breath so fast he had to stop every hundred meters to rest. This simulation was a combination of intense military situations coupled with extreme planetary conditions. The gravity was easily triple normal Newtons. There were flowers the size of MTAVs, and trees scraping the sky. It was as if the entire world was enlarged, or they shrunk him to the size of a bug. The terrain was lumpy and filled with incredibly soft ground: looser than sand. In his running up hill and away from his pursuers he hoped to find rocky terrain he wouldnt bog down in. He had found it, but only after kilometers of the most difficult running he had ever done. Harlin was just at the point of resting and taking his next defensive, but he knew he had to take advantage of the good ground. He picked up his pace to climb further up the hill side. He didnt stop until he was in thick cover behind people sized flower stems. He checked his rear, and took more image intel of the compound he was sent to recon. 
This simulation was a problem solving scenario. From the beginning of the simulation he was placed in the center of the compound under surveillance with only a knife and an MLR barrel. In order to fulfill the simulations primary objective, to recon and survive to report on the enemy stronghold, his first task was to escape. In doing so hed taken a shotgun from his first killa guardbut it was without muzzle break or stock. He fitted the barrel onto the weapon. Normally he would have used his PDS as optics, but this simulation was a bare-bones exercise, which meant his technological assistance was whatever he could pick up. He eventually found a usable helmet from his second kill, a security officer at the brigs control board. He also had on him a modified SMG. With the various weapon parts he collected, Harlin was able to put a stock on his shotgun and gain a secondary weapon: a long bodied pistol.
As far as objectives, he had been collecting intel on the fortress during his entire escape. He had recorded several hundred images of the interior, rooms, power stations, computer terminals, and structural junctions. He knew in order to survive and report on the situation he had to escape the fortress. Since his small fire fight and leap from the compound wall, he was engaged in an intricate game of prey and predator. Now he was working on finding a path through the giant forest foliage to a clearing far enough away from the fortress and free of fighting that would enable him to call in a pick-up. As he was taught by McCoy, even in this situation he could be a spy and do reconnaissance, so at intervals and breaks in his escape, he would turn to take whatever images he could of the fortress and his pursuers. 
In the dense jungle, hed been chased up a tree by a spider-like insectoid, strafed by aerial patrols, and pursued for kilometers over the hardest terrain of mud, peat, root strewn forest floor, surprise pits of leaves, and what could have been insect remains. He was running low on calories, sweating like a madman, had no clue where his enemy was. He sat quiet, held behind cover and waited. McCoy warned him prior to the simulation activation, that this was an evolving simulation, and as he progressed, so would the situation; would alter itself to deal with his actions. The dense cover provided shielding from the patrols. He was surprised they hadnt picked him up on infrared; the plant life must mask his body heat. The hill he was running up ensured him a better tactical position against his pursuers, but the topography of the surroundings was against him. They could easily flank him. 
Several minutes passed without a pass over from a patrol, or any sign of his tailing enemies. As a sniper he was trained move and shoot, shoot and move, and never linger in the same place for more than a few minutes. So he was ready to move. He carefully exposed his body to the forested hill side and looked back toward the compound to check his distance and progress. At five kilometers, he was out of effective firing range from the compound, but he knew foot traffic was coming his way. When his heart slowed and his muscles were somewhat rested, he scanned his intended path for footing and left cover. 
 He had been in simulation for nearly two hours; this was one of the shorter exercises. He was looking for some kind of a clue he was succeeding, some signal he had moved far enough away from the enemy patrols that he was now capable of calling in a ride. As he breached the ridge and could see the slope change to his favor, a message appeared across his PDS. Location confirmed: Standby for extraction. 
When the simulation faded into blurred nothing and the visor revealed nothing but HEV Harlin reached up, grabbed the lowered rail and pulled himself out. He stood for a second on the platform as the HEV was pulled off him by the floor vacuums. Usually the vacuums create a few extra Newtons, but after being in an endurance simulation the slightest yank on his structure affected every muscle in his body requisite for standing. When he stepped onto the walkway, he was approached by Chief McCoy.
Sir? Harlin said at attention.
At ease, replied McCoy. He escorted Harlin back to the briefing room. Youve earned a rest. That simulation didnt seem to wear you out.
I beg your pardon sir, but Im happy to have the rest, said Harlin. He could feel his muscles were ready to give up on him. He took the moment to sit at the desk in the corner. 
McCoy looked at a data pad and entered in some information. After a moment of silence he looked up. Well, since youve completed all the required tasks for rank advancement, Im authorized to release statistics from your last one thousand hours. Meinken didnt want information released unless you were going to actually succeed, but here you are. After all the opposition Avilo has been throwing your way, I think hes finally shooting an empty pistol.
Im not sure if I can congratulate myself on that, sir.
You should. Avilo is as mad as a hornet, and he even wanted to alter the sims programming and integrate new opponents, but I McCoy saw Chief Avilo enter the door way to the room. 
McCoy was smug; hed never had a trainee this good, and he relished in his chance to rub it in Avilos face. Of course, by now Harlin knew Avilo was not his biggest fan. Some of Avilos venom was distributed to McCoy because he liked Harlin. Avilos latest attempt to end Harlins career came in the form of altering his simulation statistics. Before he entered training, Harlin was in the top two percent of infantry among his division, therefore Avilo made sure to modify the Harlins data to drop him into the lower thirty percent of the most decorated and accomplished warrant officers. Harlin knew though that he was in a different league of accountability, so despite Avilos efforts to hide his bias, he was sending messages to Harlin that even for a warrant officer he was better than average.
Before you do anything stupid like integrate his scores into the warrant officer pool, you may want to hear what I have to say. Avilo took a few steps toward McCoy. I have been authorized by Master Chief Meinken, to place the sergeant under fifteen more hours of simulation.
What for? McCoy asked. Hes logged his one thousand hours, plus one hundred more because of your irrational prejudice; his eligibility qualifications have been met.
No they havent, said Avilo. He has failed to participate in the basic scenario Coup De Tat, Maquis, and Assimilatus.
Those are speculative scenarios, and not required until his promotion to senior warrant officer.
Im making them required. Besides they are mandatory for any solo operative. 
Those arent solo operative simulations. Those are command simulations. He doesnt need those until attempting to qualify for senior warrant officer.
Because he is going to be advanced in rank, Ive been authorized to administer these simulations.
Youre interfering with my training procedures. I run this facility, you are a bystander. Ive had enough of your input. You can suck my
Sir, Harlin said. Ill do the simulations.
You dont have too, said McCoy.
Chief Meinken has informed me that he does, Avilo said. He handed McCoy a file card, which he read carefully. Harlin was able to follow along because McCoys lips moved as he read.
Well, hes yours Sunday, at zero five hundred, said McCoy. After more than sixty hours inside a hundred hour period, a soldier is required to have a minimum twenty hour rest period.
You made that up, Avilo replied, angry he couldnt submit Harlin while he was weak.
Check regulations, McCoy said. The computer wont allow his sim-cell to activate until the time has expired. Now, get out of my sim chamber.
The last problem Harlin wanted to cause was dissention between fellow officers. However, he was glad McCoy was on his side. Avilo stormed away angry, and the two continued their walk. Harlin was fine with more simulations. It was enjoyable to have challenges; life as infantry became repetitive and easy. After his previous simulation scenario though, he knew his muscles would enjoy the rest.
That stubby hum-gata trit dwellers going to get it from me in my report, McCoy said. Ive never seen anyone so outraged at efficiency.
I have, sir. Harlin said remembering Santinos glares from across the barrack. 
Ive reviewed your history and files, and I cant say Im surprised youre doing so well. Men like Avilo take pride in position, so when a hot shot like you comes along, he tends to puff up like a Daegra fox adder.
Next McCoy showed him the images he recorded from the simulation and told him the intel was usable, but pointed out a few tactics and techniques to acquiring a new and more detailed analyses. Before you are dismissed, I would like you to know, that these next simulations Avilo has you working though are command simulations. You will be in command of nineteen other soldiers in advanced combat scenarios. You may want to brush up on your command tactics from special weapons and tactics training.
Thank you sir, said Harlin. Any help was good help.
Report back Sunday at zero five hundred, and Im sure Avilo will be more than happy to tear you down.
Sir, if you say Im good enough, why not take these simulations and make Avilo look like a idiot.
Excellent attitude, McCoy said. That tiny sun-spot has been a twist to my flank since he was appointed head recruitment officer. Humiliate him if you can, but your primary focus is passing the simulation.
Sir, I meant that by passing the simulation, I would humiliate him.
McCoy laughed and dismissed Harlin for the long break he needed. Twenty hours might not make his muscles feel better, but he was certain it would let his mind unravel, his nerves calm down, and his thoughts reset and focus. He slept on the sled home, and crashed into his apartment, where he slept in his clothes and without covers. 

Weightless suspension took weight off the tired muscles. He was back in the simulation for the last of the three mandatory scenarios Avilo had thrown at him. The first, Coup de Tat, was a simulation on the station itself. As the name suggests, a radical group of IMF took control of the station, and Harlins team, nineteen other warrant officers, had to retake control. Harlin had never been in sections of the station he and his team infiltrated. They were working for the command center, but the resistance was too great. In an effort to pull back and reroute their insurgence, most of his team were flanked and captured. The other eight followed him. They made several key breakthroughs in the enemys defenses, and were able to reroute primary station control to one of the command substations. They held defenses for about five hours, but were eventually forced from their bunker. With the last three hours, Harlin had ordered the abandonment of the battle bridge, and instead focused on securing environmental controls. It was relatively easy, because it wasnt a key tactical position, but as soon as he was able to cut off air supply to the command sector of Gesore, Avilo pulled the simulation and extracted his team. His orders were to take control of the station; he had, but they wanted military control, not life support control. Harlin played the game, but not by Avilos rules. McCoy laughed when he found out.  
The second simulationmarquiswas a hostage situation. It was in an urban building of several hundred levels. Along with the primary objectives of saving the hostages, other objectives were to neutralize a bomb threat and capture the leader of the opposition. Harlin created two assault teams, and engaged his enemy on two fronts. Half his team was distracting the primary opposition by sweeping lower levels in systematic fashion. It was a safe assault option that would take hours to completely work. During this time, his other team and he hosted a covert entry through the air duct system. Once inside the heart of the hostiles, Harlin lured hostages guards and freed them without incident. However, once communication was lost with these terrorists, the distraction provided by other half of Harlins team was useless. So, Harlin ordered this first team to rush the terrorists, while he sent a second group away with the hostages to safety. He concealed himself and a few select troops in the building; with the terrorists running amok, Harlin and his few soldiers were able to ambush several of the hostiles and capture a large number of them. The first teams sudden surge, had won them control over the bomb, but angered Avilo enough to pull the plug on the simulation. Because he had two of the three objectives completed, Harlin passed easily.
This final simulation, assimilatus, was about to start. They had Harlin sitting in the sim-cell for a half a burk waiting. He spoke up, Sim-cell three four three B standing by for simulation assimilatus. 
Understood, standby, the operator said.
The visor went blurry and the scene appeared before him. He was instantly surrounded by weapons fire. Shouts from the other troopers flooded his ears. The information about his squad appeared on his display. He accessed the file to determine who his second in command was. He recognized Clarkson and Watane.
Rangi, status, Harlin called out. He took cover.
Hopper what the trit, Watane replied. We thought youd been
Report, Harlin said firmer. 
Watane came under cover to Harlin. Sir, weve been under fire for five minutes. Odd projectile weapons pinned us down about two seconds after drop in. We lost three instantly and two more before you arrived.
KIA?
All but two, but because of their wounds they wont be alive for much longer. 
Do we have a medic?
Did; he was the first one dead.
Harlin took a survey of the surroundings. They were outside in thick undergrowth. It was night, rainy, foggy, with maybe thirty meters visibility. He ordered all to activate night vision coupled with thermal optics. There was no visible sign of the enemy; they attacked from cover. The projectile weapons Watane mentioned flew like streaks of light. Harlin looked at one of the wounded and could see the projectile sticking in his shoulder. It glowed with a faint yellow green and looked organic. Bursts of gun fire into the bushes distracted him.
Clarkson, you and your battle-mate take point and fall back into that tree cover, Harlin ordered. All units fall back; lets put some distance between us. You five, lay down cover fire, the rest of you help with these wounded.
The team responded quickly. They were out of the ambush within seconds. Harlin snuck over to the dead medic and pulled the trauma kit from his gear harness. The enemy weapon had punctured his neck plate and opened his jugular; he bled out and it was messy. Harlin pulled out the projectile. He retreated with the last of the officers and joined the troop several hundred meters away.
Status on the wounded, asked Harlin.
Sweaty and drowsy, Watane said. The projectiles have punctured their base layer. Ive never seen anything like it.
Harlin opened the med kit, and handed out some antibiotic injections. The response to the treatment was nearly instant, but they were still feverish and weak.
Sir, give me a booster; Ill be fine, one said.
If your wounds are infected, the booster is going to spread the infection through your body, Harlin said. We need to keep you still.
Sir, we need something else, Watane said. She injected the antibiotic into the other soldier, and he immediately began convulsing. When Harlin reached him, he was dead.
Will that happen to me too? the wounded asked.
Not likely, Harlin said. The truth was he didnt know. He needed everyone to keep a clear head. Clarkson, Noor, Krause, Moreno with me, the rest of you hold here; if you get pressured keep falling back.
Ah it is the unknown we fear when we look at death and darkness, nothing more, Clarkson said. 
Who said that? asked Harlin as he entered the mist and fog with his men close behind. Is that Lewis?
Rowling, Clarkson replied, and followed.
Harlin took point. They moved through a gully. There was a small trickle of water tumbling along, and when they stood at its side they were able to look up and down the draw better than through the foliage. Eyes up everyone, report anything not plant-life.
Sir, they all said in unison.
Sir, ground thermals at twenty degrees, Noor said.
Bodies? Harlin asked.
Unknown.
Move in and check. Harlin followed Noor. Thermal optics only worked inside one hundred meters. When they arrived, the ground was covered in heat signatures. Noor, analysis.
Blood sir; human blood, he replied. Im reading five different blood sources. Its been heated.
Gata is spread all over, Krause said.
How can there be this much blood and no bodies? Moreno asked. 
Harlin agreed; Hold it together, we need to find
Gun fire erupted from the location of the rest of their team. 
Watane, report, Harlin said. He waited. Watane? Again there was nothing. Panikos? Decker? Fune?
Sir, Ive got motion at ninety, said Krause.
Suddenly the night filled up with bright flashes. The needle projectiles were flying everywhere. Take cover, Harlin ordered. Move up stream.
They retreated up the small stream, and took cover behind rocks and thick brush. When the needles hit the rocks, they shattered and sparked. Harlin dodged a couple, but he knew he couldnt do that forever.
Follow the needles back to their origin. Noor, grenade twenty meters out. Harlin knew they needed a retreat. They were outnumbered, blind, had no intel, and couldnt run around the forest all night; they needed a place to take cover. The grenade exploded, and neutralized a few attackers.
Hold fire I have a friendly at ten degrees, Moreno called out.
Identify, Harlin ordered.
Sir, it looks like Decker.
Get him under cover. Harlin moved position to fire cover fire for Moreno as he went to retrieve Decker. Harlin looked at his personnel file for Decker and saw he was flat lined dead. He realized what was happening. Moreno, fall back! Everyone fall back.
Before Moreno could enact the new order, Decker held up a hand and from his fingertips he shot several needles into Moreno. Deckers helmet was off, his face was deformed, and his walk was unnatural: as if his knees were hyper extended, and hips out of socket. Moreno, fell dead with his chest looking like a urchin. 
Harlin turned his SMG fire toward Deckers body. The bullets spattered fluids but it wasnt blood. The body shuttered with the impacts. He didnt fall. The four continued to fall back up stream. Harlin hoped the high ground would give them cover and rise them above the fog for greater visibility. The needle concentration in the sky thinned. They were obviously faster than their opponents. However, Harlin knew if the simulation was titled assimulatus, they were outnumbered. 
They found a rocky slope and took cover in the larger cracks and kept their eyes on the downhill side.
Sir, what the trit were those hums? Noor asked.
What was wrong with Decker? asked Krause.
The prey become the predator, Clarkson said.
This simulation is designed to replicate the threat of biological invasion, Harlin said. He held up the projectile he had taken from the medics neck. These needles, theyre a type of biological weapon. Once it penetrates skin, it injects a toxin or a virus, that transforms the wounded into awhatever it is were fighting.
Sir, are talking about zombies? asked Krause.
That sounds like science fiction, Noor said.
What we are closest too, we dont fully understand, replied Clarkson.
Just keep your eyes up, and stay alert, Harlin said. Were here till the sim is over, or were all dead. Live to impress.
They lasted longer than Harlin thought possible. He and the last three, Clarkson, Noor, and Krause, were able to remain uninfected for two hours. Knowing what the enemy was, was half of their struggle; the other half was finding effective ways to kill it. Bullets did minor damage; grenades worked better; but bursting rounds worked best.
Eventually Harlin was hit in the thigh by several needles. He wasnt the last of his team to fall, but he remembered the burning pain, the heat, and slowly he faded from consciousness. Before he lost all motor function he took a grenade from his harness and pulled the pin, just holding it until he was completely gone. That way when his infected body rose to fight against the rest of his team, it would be incinerated.
When the simulation ended, and after he climbed out of the sim-cell, he reported to the briefing room. He watched with McCoy as the others still alive were coping with the situation without Harlins command. Clarkson took command and retreated their formation up over a ridge and straight into a flock of creatures. It wasnt entirely Clarksons fault; it was likely Avilo ended the exercise before they could humiliate him.
Avilo cant gripe or complain about your status or rank now, McCoy said after the simulation feed was over. Your new assignment requires you learn some new protocol. You can expect literature, as well as your skills assessment and official rank advancements to be in a VAT early tomorrow morning.
New assignment? Harlin asked.
You are being assigned to Command Sergeant Major Gloria Kajo as her assistant and personal protection. The colonel told you Im sure.
Yes, sir, Harlin replied. Hed forgotten that conversation several months ago in the colonels office. Instead of assignments like Clarkson and Watane in policing activity and security to a local garrison, he was advanced. The others would have all the same simulation opportunities, but with less intensive training. Instead of a thousand hours in three months, they would have three anders. Most of their regular warrant officer duties would make that demand difficult. 
Thanks to Avilos attempts to fail you, youve logged your first twenty five hours toward your next promotion, McCoy said. You have been assigned to Chief Warrant Officer Rutherford Pikes strike force the Myrmidon. Hell see you have been added to his ranks and most likely want to meet you; no doubt hell send you assignments, statistics, and orders through your VAT. Along with the information youll need to contact him, is all the operations and protocol for any assignment you would have had as a warrant officer as well as your assignment as assistant command. McCoy looked up at him and smiled. Youre one hell of a soldier. Have you considered ISD?
Internal Security Division?
Youd make a excellent agent or operative?
No sir, I prefer not to have to keep secrets.
Everyone keeps secrets, McCoy replied. Its been a pleasure.
The pleasure has been mine, Harlin said. He took the file card, saluted, shook McCoys hand, and walked from the briefing room. 
Harlin made it to the elevator and sled without Avilo trying to catch him and tell him he had more to do. When the sled pulled away and headed back to section sixteen, Harlin hoped this was the last time he would take this sled ride for months to come. However, the new promotion brought new issues. One of his largest concerns was Kajo taking him seriously. He was authorized as a warrant officer to disregard any orders from infantry and even lower ranking members of the officers corps. Would Kajo understand his new authority, and her lack of authority over him, or would she see him as a subordinate as she had for anders previous? As Kajos assistant he was obligated to enforce her commands and represent her when before the company, but he was outside her jurisdiction and wasnt bound by her orders. All the soldiers he had known, served with, and commanded, would now see him as having more authority. Or would they? Usually warrant officers are transferred into a company or army they didnt advance through so reputation wouldnt precede them.  But the soldiers in Winthrop Company knew him; they knew him personally. Dean was one of his best friends. Would that relationship change? 
Thinking of Dean, he remembered Kelly. Kelly was pregnant. Then he remembered the last day hed seen Kelly, Dean, his sister, and Jane: Jane. Shed left him several messages while he was in training. He basically slept when he could and spent the rest in training cadets or in his own simulations. It was time he finally replied, and repaid all her positive attention. However, he had a need at the moment, and that was sleep. Despite his desire to return his body and existence to regular life, he had to rest his body before any other energy, social or military took its place. 
The next morning, Harlin woke stiff and groggy. His computer was flashing the arrival of a new message on the VAT. He curled out of bed as best he could with what little muscle strength he had left to open the file. When it opened, a document attachment appeared as a hologram. McCoy started narrating the document.  
Master Sergeant Grant Harlin, as Chief Warrant officer over training and qualifications, I can congratulate you on your achievements over the course of your training. As of today at zero hour, you are promoted to the rank of warrant officer. Your short and accelerated training program has qualified you for special advancement and placement, and despite certain efforts to delay further promotion, as of today at zero thirty hours you are promoted to the rank of first warrant officer. You have met the required performance points and qualifications of this position, and I submit your name and statistics to Master Chief Warrant Officer Meinken for commendation and review. The VAT ended.
Looking over his statistics he saw his rank listed at the top next to his simulation time and classification. He was in the top one percent. He knew there was half the population of warrant officers compared to the IMF mobile infantry, so the percentages would change dramatically. His new skills score was eighty-three shots over ninety-nine kills out of one hundred targets. His combat proficiency was up to ninety three percent, and his skills efficiency rating was up to ninety five. This was what Avilo hated.
Harlin saw there were plenty of documents in the attached VAT. There were all the assignment protocols, information regarding his new commander, and not to mention access codes, security agreements, and uniform specifications. There were also new intelligence reports that were labeled for Winthrop Company. These were intended for Kajo, and he would have to be the relay between central intelligence and his assigned command. It was a lot to take in. He closed his VAT, drank two full bottles of water, and got one good stretch in. He looked over his new assignments while he woke his body from the blissful hours of slumber.

CHAPTER 13: PASSING THE TIME

HARLIN STEPPED ONTO THE BASE OF A NARROW STAIRWELL LEADING TO AN aluminum cage overlooking the troop deck where Winthrop Company infantry was in the middle of a weapons drill. He was wearing his newly tailored warrant officer uniform: black pants, black jacket, and red under shirt. His silver and red bars adorned his sleeves added to all his commendation ribbons transferred from his previous uniform. This was standard on duty warrant officer attire for assistants to commanders. 
Major Kajo, you called for me, he said.
Hopper, she said looking up from the transparent floor windows. She was pleased to see him. Dont you looked like a stuffed turkey in that get-up. I wondered when youd get your ass out of a sim-cell and join us for some real drills.
Ive been hearing all the changes from Sergeant Levy; I wondered what was really true about Winthrop Company. Harlin took a stance beside her looking over the various groups of soldiers below running physical drills in the large ten kilometer square drill hall; it was currently set up to simulate a rolling hill terrain similar to area of P325O where he and Dean did their recon. Littered about it were obstacles such as walls, trenches, and debris.
Its Major Levy now, Kajo said.
He did tell me that one, Harlin said. And Bjorn too?
Yes, they had the most experience. Kajo leaned down into the microphone. Sergeant Cooper, get your spanks over that barricade. She looked back at Harlin. The spanks you and Levy trained are pretty good. Nothing to boast about, but theyve been integrating well.
I havent been keeping up to speed with their progress, Harlin admitted. Too much to think about for myself Im afraid.
I bet. Kajo pointed out some of the differences they could see from the observation deck. Most of Rico as it was has been spread out among Tiki and Fica, and likewise with the other squadrons. I tried to divide the spanks up between them as  evenly as possible, but that means there are still three or four spanks per platoon.
Who took Tiki second? Harlin asked.
Drummer was promoted to master sergeant, she said. 
He probably didnt like that much.
Everyone holding a command position was jumbled around. Akiona and Prado were given a platoon in Rico, both from Tiki second. Levy got Rico because hes good with the spanks; they know him and already have a loyalty to him. Youd be in Rico too, if you hadnt bailed to warrant officer corps.
You dont know how hard it was for command to do it, Harlin said. Kentra and Meinken were involved, and I had to break records just to get in.
Yeah, they wanted you to stay in Winthrop Company pretty bad. She turned to the comm. Prado, tighter formation, stop dragging your rear. 
What is the company condition? Harlin asked.
Well, with no one in Rico being eligible for promotion, there is some resentment toward those who have stepped into the command position from outside the squadron.  Spanks are slowing the times down, but the hardest part of the job is getting the old commanders and the new commanders to mesh. Mortensen has been demoted and that makes commanding her awkward for Levy. Not to mention other Rico members who are still more loyal to her. Ive had to isolate her in a patrol of spanks just to avoid a power struggle. She sighed. I never realized how complicated Waites job was. I knew being new at this would be rough, but I didnt expect to be barely keeping pace.
I know what you mean, Harlin replied. What is it you would like me to do with the company as warrant officer?
Ive been trying to get these drills down before we do too much sim time, Kajo replied. 
How much sim time are you authorized?
Ten hours a week for my mobile infantry, said Kajo. 
Thats not a lot, Harlin said.
Its more than we would have. I had to trade some of Aplington and Angelos sim time to get my spanks in working order. Im afraid Winthrop wont be as impressive come next planetary occupation.
What kind of simulations do you need them to run?
I need them to get accustomed to the new command structure. We need fight scenarios where they are passionate about winning.
Like a war game scenario?
That could work. Kajo stood silent while she pondered that. I want a three way fight. Either every squadron fighting for their own territory, or a single objective for all squadrons so they have to fight over it. If they can build some squadron loyalty, learn to trust the orders and commanders, I think they will be more orderly and cooperative.
I agree, Harlin said. Ill schedule a program for next drill time.
Any word from command? Kajo said. Waite told me to expect intel from my warrant officer.
Yes, I did get a package of notes from command about navigation errors, Harlin remembered the large document that went on for paragraphs about star chart variances and discrepancies. Apparently, our computers are having a difficult time finding our exact position in the galaxy because where they thought we were is not where we actually are.
So the rumors of us being lost are true? Kajo said. Is this some kind of now that you have command secret youre let in on?
As far as addressing the rumor, there was nothing specific, but command did expect to be reaching the next system in a little less than a month?
That soon? Kajo said. Are we getting faster?
The density of the planet we push off makes the difference. The same nickel that fried our comm underground, has given us an extra five percent speed increase.
 Another way to think of P325O humping Winthrop Company, even after we left. Kajo leaned on the console and wiped her eyes. Less than ten week? I was hoping for more shakedown time with the new privates and specialists. They still need to understand that what they are doing is not a game.
Ill get that sim program scheduled, Harlin said. Ill be in touch. He held up a small comm device on his wrist. I got a package full of goodies with my uniform, which includes this personal comm. Apparently Im supposed to be made available at anytime.
Ill remember that, Kajo said. Harlin was about to walk back up the narrow steps, but she stopped him. I want you to take personal interest in their training and development. Youre one of the best leaders I have. While Im prepping the cavalry, Ill need you on the infantry.
Understood, Harlin said. He finished his exit. 

The sim-cells for the Porthos battalion were shared between the five companies under that name. It was a rotating schedule he learned all about from an over explaining simulation control officer. Harlin was told several times the difficulty of arranging a program that Kajo was looking for and booking all the cells for three squadrons. Finally Harlin just pulled rank and made him prep the system anyway. Harlin knew the programs could be done because he had done them himself in training as a new soldier. Harlin wondered how much of this officers ploy was to push the new guy around, and how much of it was actually his personality. Either way, willing or not, the officer complied to Harlins orders, but he went about the task as if he had been offended. 
While he waited for the programs to be scheduled and queued in the computer, Harlin picked up a file card that had programs listed. He was surprised by some of the simulations he found. There were more than just military operation scenarios. There were all kinds of recreational programs that had no military activity or mission profile.
What are these recreational sims? he asked.
Those? Experimental and not within your clearance level Im afraid. The man reached up to snatch the file from Harlins hand. 
Harlin pulled away retaining the file card. Want to make a bet on that?
Im not allowed to discuss it, he replied. Its part of a new recreational prospect the civilian councils have been working through the military equipment.
Does it work?
Of course it works. Running these programs is easier than running any military operation, or a complicated surgical procedure. Compared to the simulation your command sergeant major is asking for, these are a walk across the plaza.
Can they be accessed through any simulation chamber?
They are scheduled for full program downloads sometime early next month and some sim chambers are already prepped for trials. Ive been so booked and busy by the influx of required training orders for infantry due to the Rico disaster, that I havent had time to clear up any space from the system computers or find civilians willing to test them.
But other chambers will have them available now correct?
Only one chamber has all the programs ready for trials but they wont be allowing civilians in that section, its in the black hole. The man covered his mouth and looked terrified, as if Harlin was there to see how much he knew and was intended to make him talk, and just for telling him turn him in for treason.
Relax, Im not an enforcer, Harlin said. I just need you to arrange the sim time for Winthrop Company. He left the sim control room with a schedule for Kajo and would be able to send that to her the moment he reached his computer.
Harlin had no other business that day, so he went straight home and finished his assignment. After a short briefing with Kajo about the exercises they would they would run during the scheduled simulations, he was ready for some good down time. Once comfortable, showered, and fed, Harlin sent a message to McCoy asking him about the protocol and procedure required for accessing and operating one of these recreational simulations. He didnt expect to have a reply right away so it was a surprise when McCoy answered him an hour later.
Chief Harlin, McCoy saidit was still odd to hear his name said that wayI dont know which leaking hum ass slunk told you about those programs, but since you know I might as well tell you the rest of the story. The sims are of small geographical locations of old Earth and Mars environments to allow civis the chance to experience more than just an image or home viewed hologram. These are full reconstructions of entire cities as near as historical records can create. Because the sims are easy to operate and learn how to use, were opening public sims for recreation. Why the questions anyway? Did you have something in mind? 
Harlin did have something in mind, but for now he was still planning.

Grant? Janes timid voice said as she walked around a corner. She had never been in this part of the station before and didnt know what to do or where to go. She had been following specific instructions left for her by Harlin. Her timidness came from the soldiers who were serious and not helpful in knowing why exactly she was going deeper into noncivilians sectors of Gesore. Harlin? 
A tall, fully suited and helmed soldier appeared. 
Jane took a step back. Hopper?
Harlin removed his helmet. He saw relief fill her face. Im glad you made it; follow me, he said.
No help to you and your cryptic instructions, Jane said. Do you know I thought they were going to throw me in the brig.
They knew you were coming; I arranged it all.
Where are we going? Jane asked. Why are you dressed in that suit and why am I here? Do you have any idea how long it took me to get here?
Harlin knew that seeing him was important to her, because he had asked her to come a great distance. For now he wanted to maintain the surprise. Save your questions, he said. He walked into an empty locker room; she was close behind. He pointed to a combat sim suit. Put that on. Ill be outside when youre finished.
Come on, Hopper really, tell me what Im doing here, Jane said not budging from the doorway. I traveled by express sled for three hours just to
Do you trust me?
With my life, but I dont see what this has got to do with
Put the suit on, and Ill explain everything, I promise.
Jane sighed, and shrugged. Okay, whatever you say. Im going to do something while Im here even if its stupid. Anything is better than riding that sled. 
This was particularly odd. As a field biologist she had been in a sim-cell before. She had to know how to follow and be escorted by military personnel. She had even taken the option of a weapons handling course. But, she wasnt due for another training, and Grant was being elusive. 
Harlin waited outside the locker room. Ten minutes later, Jane walked out in the sim suit and looked as much like a soldier as Kajo or Levy. Does it fit, he asked.
I think someone was optimistic when they asked for this suit size; its a bit tight in places, Jane said. She held the helmet under her right arm. Is it on right?
Harlin checked her compression straps, and buckles, then the seal. He made some minor adjustments. Better?
Yeah, thanks, she said. Now will you please tell me what this is about?
After you put on your helmet, Harlin said.
Are you serious?
Trust?
Fine. Jane put the helmet on. The visor was blank, and she couldnt see or hear anything. Before she had a chance to complain, Harlin latched the rear clip and sealed it. Jane struggled against him and laid a good punch on his arm. She didnt protest much more. Harlin too donned his helmet, led her down a corridor, and onto a simulation loading deck. He communicated to sim control and pushed Jane into the sim-cell. He took the cell beside hers. 
He appeared in an ancient earth city, not on the busy streets, but in a recreation area. He stood on green grass and sloping ground surrounded by deciduous trees and a small pond occupied by swimming water birds. The sky was blue with perfect white clouds; simulated people walked everywhere. He turned to his left and saw a Jane. She was dressed in a simple blue dress; she stood with her mouth wide open and hand on her chest. Harlin looked at himself and noticed he too was wearing casual clothes from the period. I told you to trust me, he said.
Jane turned and smiled at him. You sir, have some explaining to do.
Whats there to explain, he asked. I could have invited you to the most expensive restaurants on Gesore, taken you thousands of kilometers away from your apartment only to look out an observation window at the hypermatter stream, even taken you on a tour of the military installments, but thisI thinkis more worth the trip.
Where are we? she asked, not wanting to outright agree with him.
Were in early twenty first century earth, in a city on the European continent: London England, the name on the file is St. James Park.
Jane knelt down and felt the HEV mimic grass on her hand. This is incredible.
Come on. Harlin held out his arm in a gesture for her to take it.
 I actually feel like Im here.
Well the sim suit is still on you. Harlin tried to touch her face. 
The odd reality of her wearing an actual helmet and him not being able to touch her face, and she feeling the attempt shove her entire head around was a reminder that they were still inside a computer generated environment. Then there were the pressure points of the suit she was wearing, not the gorgeous summer dress she found herself adoring. The worst reality was the odd pressure marks she would have after taking her helmet off at the end of the simulation.
How did you get this? Jane asked as they walked past other computer generated people who said hello.
This is one of a series of new simulations based off of old Earth locations. I stumbled across them, and thought youd like me to share.
So you expect me to just allow you to show me this wonderfulthing, after you ignored me for three months? Dont think I dont remember. I probably sent more messages to you than Gail did.
No, I think Gail has you beat still. 
Thats not the point. I see you at your place and three months later after no contact you expect me to just hang out with you. What were you doing?
Harlin turned his shoulder toward her so she could see the new marks on his sim suit. Im a first warrant officer now, he said with pride. I had to advance in rank the last three months to fulfill a requirement by command.
Oh, so your career got in the way?
What did you think I was doing? Ignoring you on purpose?
I dont know, you just didnt seem like yourself. Jane let go of his arm and knelt down to splash the water. Gail and I usually see you around the plaza, or the markets, and we used to have days out all the time, but lately it was as if you vanished.
A lot has happened in three months, Harlin said. I wasnt ignoring people.
Is your career always going to get in the way? Jane threw a blunt verbal punch from nowhere.
What?
Your career? Will you always use that as a shield for your behavior, your excuse for what you do and the person youve become? When we were in secondary school, I was sure you and I would always be friends, then you signed on as a soldier, and you and your dad have been in constant arguments, you moved out, Gail moved out, and what we had, you and me, its been dissolving. Ive been trying, I really have been, but you become more and more elusive. Is this what your career will do to you, because if it is, then Ill stop trying and just She didnt continue by choice, because she almost slipped. 
Harlin wanted to hear this slip. Stop trying and just?
Just let you go. Jane felt embarrassed, and though the image Harlin saw was a beautifully represented face and body of what Jane was on the inside of a sim suit, he knew it couldnt convey the real emotions that lay beneath the layers of technology.
He stepped in to help avoid some serious friendship let down. Jane, I never intended to vanish, really. I admit my life has been worse than chaotic lately, but I dont make excuses, Im telling the truth. I thought perhaps me, bringing you here, and you actually coming all this way to the middle of nowhere on a giant space station hurtling through space at speeds beyond light, was an indication that we dont have to let each other go, and that in the end, we can still be who we want to be and with who we want to be with.
Jane gave Harlin a sly smile, and he knew she understood what he was trying to do. Oddly enough they were both worrying over the same idea, but from their respective perspectives. Harlin chuckled to himself as he offered again his arm. He was going to take his time, test the water, ease in slowly, and know what he was getting into before he considered any plunge. But what was to come was not on his mind, because here and now he was with one of his best friends touring the ancient city of London Earth. He thought it was a brilliant place to see if he could actually hold onto someone more important. 

After weeks of drilling Winthrop Company, five hours day twice a week, Harlin was relieved to see good competition heating up between the squadrons; it was helping them follow orders and stay one as a unit. As the primary instructor for Kajos squadrons, Harlin had engaged them all in several drills: sometimes as a bystander, and others as an enemy. In todays drill Kajo sent Harlin in to balance the engagements: to keep each unit on the defensive enough to even out their offensive strategies against the other squadrons. This particular simulation was modeled after an abandoned settlement filled with crumbled buildings, gravel roads, plenty of debris to created cover, and some great asymmetrical features that gave each squadron some advantages and disadvantages to the position they were assigned to defend.  The total playing area was about one hundred kilometers squared.
Harlin was loaded into the simulation in a neutral location several hundred marks from Tiki, Rico, and Fica locations on a grassy slope in good view of the entire settlement. Loaded into the scenario with him were an RSBT, MTAV, and HAAV. His first action was to sync with the MTAV. It wasnt the typical MTAV with the badger weapon turret in the back; this was the 013 MTAV with the thirty-five millimeter high velocity cannon. He gave it a few ordinary commands to scout and interfere with the rear of the Tiki position. The HAAV sync took longer and once it was operational, he began artillery fire directed to Tiki and Ricos forward positions to discourage them from advancing towards each other while also simulating battlefield level dangers. Once the HAAV engaged, he hurried to the parked RSBT, stepped in the side door of the osprey, walked into the troop deployment room in the forward compartment, and lowered the pilots chair for entry. Harlin climbed into the seat, and it raised up into its operating position. The cockpit heads-up-display activated as did all the instruments and the engine start-up sequence initiated. As soon as the optimum rpm limit for flight was reached, he took the flight stick and with the throttle in hand lifted the RSBT off the ground. In seconds he was over the battle, surveying troop locations, and monitoring the fighting. 
Rico had been successfully pinned by the HAAV artillery fire, and the MTAV had circled around for its second run on Tikis flank. He switched the osprey to hover, and opened his helmets display for the MTAV. From his altitude he accessed the windscreen monitor and drove the MTAV into some tight places to better infiltrate and annoy Tiki squadron ranks. The repeated cannon blasts from the badgers weapon were severe deterrents for Tiki to move in on Fica. Over the comm, Harlin heard Major Bjorn order a patrol on a seek and destroy mission against the MTAV. Shortly after her order was given, Harlin was alerted to the bullet impacts and ricochets being made on the MTAV armor. He pulled the MTAV out of position and range of Tiki. Once clear of fire, he directed the MTAV to Ricos right flank and refocused the HAAV fire to pin Tiki in their tracks. 
Go easy on them Hopper, Kajo said from sim control. Youve taken out five already. We dont want you wiping them out before they can do it to each other.
Copy that, Harlin said. Ill aim to confuse.
Dont neglect Fica, returned Kajo. It looks like theyre taking advantage of Rico and Tikis distraction.
Understood.
He turned his focus back to flying while the MTAV and the HAAV did as ordered. A red warning appeared on his HUD; there was a weapons lock on him. He pitched the osprey hard left, and cork-screwed his way to a higher altitude. 
Control, Harlin said. Theyre taking a disliking to me.
Good, keep them busy and unfocused, Kajo said. We need to find out what they can do.
Tactical data was pouring in and Harlin was looking over the troop movements. Tiki had deployed a few soldiers to intercept the HAAV and, the MTAV was taking damage. Harlin rolled the RSBT toward the advancing Tiki soldiers. Switching to the HAAV control for a few seconds he postponed artillery fire to concentrate on anti infantry weapons. The MTAV was still on the move, so he drove it to high ground. From altitude Harlin was avoiding most of the shots, but another signal lock forced him to break from his flight plan.
Hopper, watch Fica. Theyre making a move, Kajo said.
I copy, Harlin replied. Lets give them something else to shoot at.
Harlin set up the sync to the RSBT, lowered himself from the cockpit, opened the deployment hatch on the floor of the osprey, dropped a cable, harnessed himself in, and double checked his SR 330 was locked and loaded, and jumped for the ground. The rappel was mostly free fall until the last few meters, when the automatic harness reel slowed him down and dropped him less than a meter from the ground. He remained fully synced to the osprey, and lifted it to a safe distance to cover him while he ran interference on the ground. He dropped himself in what looked like an old power station a safe distance from each squadrons position but still well within his effective sniper range. He worked his way to the roof via the six floor of an adjacent structure. He finished his climb on a crumbling old ladder. On top the roof he hunkered down to spot and snipe what he could.  
From this single position he deterred Ficas advancement on Ricos left flank by using his sniper rifle to pin soldiers. He hit spank Specialist Dantes of Ricos first platoon in the foot just to be sure they knew his threat was real and that he chose to miss. When the team mates of the injured found his nest and returned fire, Harlin opened the controls to the MTAV, drove it up the narrow alley below him and jumped down in. He moved to Tikis rear, got out and climbed to the top of a crumbling brick building. He saw the engagement of Tiki secondSergeant Jungs platoonand Rico thirdAkionas platoon. He marked the location with his sniper scope, and used those coordinates to zero in the HAAV artillery. Harlin didnt stay put. He hurried under cover to where he was sure to meet the ranks of Tiki and Fica interacting. He stopped only a few times to redirect fire from the MTAV or the RSBT. The fight was evening out and the squadrons were learning to attack one front and defend another simultaneously. Each squadron became more aggressive in their attempts to destroy the HAAV. What was most impressive was the camaraderie he was seeing develop between the squadron members. Kajo had offered extra leave to the squadron who had the highest average score. This created a good healthy competition in the sims, and good relationships outside.  This was what Kajo wanted to happen.
Kajo interrupted Harlins next move. Harlin, weve been ordered to end the simulation, she said.
There are still two hours left on the clock, Harlin said.
I know, but command has sent an override order, and we are to report to battle group command briefing in five burks.
Understood, Harlin replied. Something big was happening if they had to report to division command. Ready for extraction.
The battlefield dissolved and the clear HEV surrounded him. He put his arms up, pulled himself out, and stepped onto the loading deck. Several other soldiers were stepping out with him, including Sergeant Major Levy.
I knew you were in there giving us gata, Levy said seeing Harlins updated warrant officer training suit. Kajo, couldnt let us take advantage of Brouds position without some kind of fight.
I was ordered to create interference, Harlin said.
Yeah, well you succeeded, Levy said. Just wait until next time Rico squadron has access to HAAV and an osprey; Ill blast your ass back to last ander.
Hopper, Major Kajos voice called him from the walkway. Chief, follow me.
See ya round, chief, Levy said, and gave him a mock salute.
When Harlin met up with Kajo after putting away his sim suit and redressing himself in uniform, she was not completely pleased at the situation.
Command has ordered all companies to stand-by, Kajo said. You said we had a little less than a month, well I would put my money were ready to move in on the next system.
Its likely, he replied following her down the corridor and into the sled.
They both knew they could use more sim time, but there wasnt much to do about that if they were busy preparing to occupy a planet. Despite all the possible conversations they could be having on their way to briefing, Harlin and Kajo said nothing to each other. Harlin had worked with her as a commanding officer before, and she was concise with orders then. Now as a counterpart, she and Harlin realized they could make the arrangements, instruct and coordinate with hardly any words said. 
The sled stopped and they transferred to an elevator, where they were joined by Porthos Operations Commander Sesi. When the elevator deposited them in the Pacific battle group command center, they werent the first or the last ones to arrive. The room was the typical theater layout: large holographic projection on the far end, and crowds gathered around. Harlin saw the other company commanders from Porthos Battalion, Command Sergeant Major Tarquinii of Northrop Company, as well as the two flight company commanders including Captain Takuma. Among them all were the commanders of the five battalions: Pegasus, Persia, Porthos, Peruses, and Pegasus. Harlins fellow warrant officers were dotted around the room. Their black uniforms were easily seen as opposed to the officer blue and the enlisted green. 
Battle Group Commander Major Yevhen Zakharov took the center of the room. With him stood Harlins garrison commander Senior Warrant Officer Pike. Hed met him once a few weeks ago. He was a nice guy but a bit too serious. Pike had records of simulation time for each of his officers, as did any commander, and he ordered Harlin to discontinue his recreation time. This first impression hadnt been good for Harlin, but as Jane pointed out, his career couldnt rule his life, so Harlin let the issue go even though Pike hadnt.
Major Zakharov started after the final battalion commander walked in. Recent unknown malfunctions in telemetry and stellar cartography have been discovered in our navigation mainframe. While command is analyzing this startling difference weve come to the next star system. While Zakharov was speaking images of the star system appeared as a hologram. The system is occupied by one middle aged yellow star, incorporating seven planets in its orbit, several dwarf planets around its larger gas giants, and outer rim regions, and moons numbering into the forties. Our scans of the system indicate suitable life on three spheres: the second planet from the sun, its moon, and the third sphere. Large amounts of refined mineral deposits have been located on the third planet including aluminum, variations of steal and titanium alloys. That is our primary concern at the moment. If further investigation of this system reveals other essential resources through its numerous bodies, command may be prepared to take more time in extracting and gathering resources.
Harlin caught sight of a lieutenant slipping Chief Pike something in the corner of the room. There was more information coming. This was definitely something IMF Command was not prepared to understand. He knew much of this information was unusual. None of the systems they have encountered had been so richly supplied or had so many planet bodies. In his anders of service he had only known three planets with breathable atmospheres stable enough for life and two of them were in the past two anders. Systems of asteroids and gas giants were common, but having multiple habitable worlds in one system was something nearly unheard of. 
Zakharov was interrupted by Pike who handed him the file card from the lieutenant. The look on his face made him double take the information on the card. He looked around at the different commanders. His new voice was slow and filled with shock. New information taken from stellar cartography suggests this system is within several clicks of the sol system. Theyre skeptical due to the navigational variances, but it is possible were within ten anders of Earth. This information created a stir and commotion from an otherwise stoic audience. Zakharov hushed them quickly. After initial scans are completed, Gesore will prepare to orbit the third planet, and begin standard Alpha stage occupation. Have your battalions prepped and ready for first recon deployment by zero hour Sunday for deployment and operations: dismissed. 
The moment command relinquished their captive audience the conversations erupted. Kajo looked at Harlin for only a moment then went to report to Captain Takuma for more information. Harlin didnt know his exact place or what protocol he had to follow at this point, so he stood back and waited for any information from Takuma to come through Kajo. He had been studious in checking his intelligence reports, but hed read everything, told Kajo the critical intel, and there was nothing about this in the mix.
We round up the company, and report to the Porthos at zero eight hundred, Kajo said interrupting Harlins thoughts.
Thats not a lot of time, Harlin was surprised.
Its as soon as could be expected, Kajo said. From the time command knows their real-space reentry point, the chain of command produces the orders to us and within the hour we have orders sent to every soldier in the army. Youve been a soldier most of your career and so youve always had about six to eight hours to report, but when receive your orders, theyre not much older than a few burks to an hour.
Harlin had never considered the age of an order when he received it, and was surprised in this moment to learn deployments were so young when they reached his ears. It left a lot of the blanks and particular details to be filled in later. He remembered receiving the deployment orders for P325O. It seemed like just last week he was packing his duffle, leaving his apartment, and boarding the Porthos. In a way this deployment wouldnt be much different; it was the same soldiers, the same ship, the same basic orders, except now he had some authority and command. The difference was now he was on the inside, and perhaps it was the wealth of informationor lack thereofthat made him feel less prepared. As a mopper he was only aware of a small portion of the entire plan. Now he was in the middle of the information saturated chain of command, and he was realizing just how many gaps and blanks there were in that chain.
Once the orders were officially sent in form of mass VAT messaging, he returned to his apartment to gather his personal items. The process of sending orders was new to him as well as he only had ever received them. Kajo too had to learn new protocols along with her new responsibility and so it took them an hour just to send the orders. Another four hours was spent making sure needed equipment was ready and available, and that all the logistical work was completed. That left Harlin within less than four hours for himself. One hour of that was spent at the barber waiting in line with the other deploying soldiers who were having their hair cut back to meet the more stringent deployment dress code. Another hour was spent getting to his apartment. Not only was Harlin shorter on personal time after receiving deployment orders, as a warrant officer, and part of the command crew for the Porthos, he was obligated to wear his on duty uniformthe black and red jacket and shirtfor all preliminary boarding and departure operations. He had dressed out of his sim-suit in the locker room, and now at home he would have to do the typical shower, shave, and packing routines. When he arrived, he noticed a message on his computer from Jane. He bypassed all the computer data and directly opened the message. 
Grant, she said. I suppose you know already, but were deploying again. My biology division is board in six hours. Its typically the same time as the IMF, so Ill meet you in the docking area foyer at zero eight hundred.
Before he cleaned up, he sent a quick VAT to Gail to let her know what was happening; she almost always knew before he told her from her own line of authority, so this longer delay would be nothing new. Gail would then pass the courtesy on to their parents. His mom would read a message, but he knew his father would have more than a few words to say about another IMF deployment. 
When all was finished at his apartment and he was cleaned and within deployment standards, he left his apartment with one hour to spare. He welcomed the short half hour journey to the Porthos docking facility; especially after the long journeys taken over the past months. When he arrived in the docking foyer, it was crowded with families saying good bye, and masses of IMF personnel as well as civilian engineers and scientists plodding into the ship via the large gantry. His uniform distinguished him from among the jumpsuit wearing masses. The other difference was this time he had business to attend to. Before he could rendezvous with Jane, he had to check in with the Porthos quartermaster or the quartermasters mate and ensure that all orders regarding supplies and equipment for Winthrop Company were fulfilled. Luckily for him the quartermasters mate approached him and showed him the forms. Hed seen the forms before as a specialist ordering his new weapons. These forms were much more complicated and included requisition and repair records for all one hundred and twenty five soldiers assigned to Winthrop Company. With each rank advancement came a greater variety of gear and accessories available to a soldier. As a warrant officer, he saw the list for all vehicles, MTAVs and HAAVs, Winthrop would be assigned and made accountable for during deployment. What a mess of paperwork it must have been for Chief Aina and Major Waite after losing Kajos MTAV and all the equipment lost with Rico on P325O.
Finally Harlin had some personal time, but really there were minutes left before Gesore would enter real space and the Porthos would detach from its moors and be underway. With the little time left he spotted Jane standing on the gantry halfway to the Porthos primary entrance. She had likely taken the higher ground to be more visible and to have better visibility in her search for him.
Hopper, Jane called out when she saw him. He came in closer. I expected you sooner.
I have a heavier duty before and after deployment now, he said. He made a space for them in the herding crowd. Its warrant officer stuff; completely important but presented in the most un-eventful way possible.
Sounds grueling, she said and took his hand in hers. 
Expect to see any spectacular slunks on P326U? Harlin asked revealing the name most likely assigned to their next occupied planet.
A high possibility, she replied. Well know more when we come closer, but preliminary scans show the atmosphere is breathable, even for us, and there is a fully functional carbon and water cycle, large dense masses of vegetation, and more than fifty percent surface water.
All that water here and we literally killed ourselves over the water hidden inside P325O. If wed waited a few more months, perhaps we wouldnt have had to destroy that last slunk cave for water.
Its not your fault you know that.
Harlin sighed. For a soldier all these planets are the same: shoot it or blow it up.
For scientists every planet is a cultural, geological, biological, and ecological experiment, Jane said. We could find a medicinal plant, or a new naturally occurring polymer which would change the way we see the universe.
Its exciting.
It is. Just because we dont shoot a gun doesnt make it boring.
Im being serious, Harlin said. Just because Im a mopper doesnt mean I dont see the value in life or discovery.
Im sorry, Jane said. I thought you were being sarcastic.
To be honest Id prefer a trip on some rock that didnt require me to fire my weapon. That would be a treasure itself.
Theres always hope. 
Once inside the Porthos they knew they would part ways. 
See ya around, Jane said. She took a step away from him and let his hand drop. She turned and looked over her shoulder to see him still watching her. She came back, went up on her tip-toes, pulled him by the collar, and kissed him. It was short and sweet, but it was the first time their lips had ever touched, and right away she blushed. She stepped down let him go and became her shy and younger self. Watch your ass, she said, and she hurried away. 
Harlin didnt deny his pleasure at the kiss, but realized it was at an awkward moment and her impetuous act had left them both surprised that such a pleasure was in fact a pleasure. I always do, he said loud enough for her to hear. Her only recognition was a short over the shoulder half glance. Harlin watched Jane until she was completely out of sight: swarmed by people and around a corner. She would ride an elevator toward her lab and quarters a few levels up. He would be funneled to the MCPs only transport sled so he could ride the length of the ship toward the command levels where he and Kajo were to report for battalion command briefing. So many meetings meant Harlin was growing tired of holograms and intelligence briefings. In a way he missed the days when he could receive an order, follow it, be told he did good or bad, and move on.
Along his way he found his new room assignment and deposited his duffle. He didnt spend time looking at his new room, but moved along as quickly as possible. The sled ride was a mere fraction of the rides he was accustomed to on Gesore. He was happy they werent long. All of his time spent sleeping on sleds over the past months of training, and psychologically connected sleep and sleds together in his brain. Even this small ride made sleep hard to shake off. 
When he disembarked the sled platform he entered the command sectors of the ship and was united with Kajo. Together they rode the elevator to the secondary briefing room in the ships command tower. It wasnt the same room as the company briefing room where he and Kajo would pass orders on to the sergeant majors. This room was higher in the Porthos. It was just aft of the launch command deck, and a few decks below the bridge. When they entered they saw all the other company commanders were already mingling. Harlin studied the room. In the center of the room was a large halo-graphic table. Captain Takuma was at the head, and Harlin recognized Ground Commander Demke on his right. On Takumas left was the other ground commander: Anton Lomov. The other commanders were the operations and two flight commanders for Porthos Battalion; Harlin recognized Commander Green of Porthos first wing: Winthrop Companys wing counterpart. There were other warrant officers around the room: Chief Menesai was standing against the far wall, and looked straight at Harlin. Harlin noticed all the warrant officers were against the wall: all except him. He took the stare as the message it was intended, and stepped back to an empty space of wall where he would not be in the way. 
He remembered McCoy saying something to the effect of stay out of the way, shut the hell up, and save your COs life. Other than that, its a cushy job.
Can I have your attention please, Takuma said after a few more minutes of mingling and counting to ensure everyone was present. I open this briefing on 19-02-01-326, Saturday of Beta week, Unember, ander three hundred and twenty six. Command has assigned the Porthos and her companies to recon and secure ten thousand square kilometers of the southern hemisphere of the planet designated P326U. Our objective is to clear any hostiles from a low orbit, move in with infantry and cavalry to secure mineral deposits. The holographic imagery changed to identify the area they would cover. The mountains looked moderate, and the vegetation thick. However, when Takuma changed from the topographic scan to a mineral rendering, large clusters of rock were identified as deposits. This planet, for reasons still unknown, has massive deposits of refined steels and other alloys. Geologists tell us we can assume this wasnt a natural occurrence, so tell your units to keep their motion trackers and scanners active. The scans indicate an atmosphere of nitrogen and oxygen, and while the math says its safe to breathe, maintain sterilization protocol at all times. We dont want any epidemics. Ground units, be aware gravity is point three seven Newtons; thats more than point six ens below standard, so watch your motions. Theyre all going to feel like super-soldiers out there. 
Any detection of civilizations? Commander Green asked.
So far we have no signals of any kind, or any indication of life to suggest higher level technology. Pollutants in the atmosphere however, indicate this was or still is a planet in use; at the moment it seems no one is home.
Daegrans sir? asked a company commander.
Still unknown, Takuma replied. Early recon groups wont have intel to report for at least two burks. Gesore will be entering standard orbit around the planet in five burks and well deploy in seven. Alpha stage launch in one hour. Understood?
Most agreed, nodded, or replied with a yes sir. The flight commanders took their leave, and they left the briefing room followed closely by Takuma. Harlin was waiting for Kajo to leave, but she didnt. She lingered with Command Sergeant Major Tarquini, commander of Northrop Company. His warrant officer walked over to Harlin. He was a fellow first warrant officer, and on his shoulder he too wore the Myrmidon patch.
Hopper, he said. Your reputation is as they say preceding you.
I dont know if that is in my favor yet or not, replied Harlin. You are?
Lee Ballard, he said. Or as my call sign, Beach-head: originally of Dumas Company from Draco Battalion. Ive been Tarquinis assistant for two anders.
Anything I should know in my position?
Dont speak until spoken to.
I picked up on that one myself.
Kajo is likely going to watch most of Alpha stage from the launch command observation area, Ballard said: keeps us in the loop.
What about being a Myrmidon. Anything I should expect.
Just be the soldier you already are, said Ballard as they followed Kajo and Tarquini through the forward hatch onto the launch command deck. Not to pry, but I know your scores are better than most of us Myrmidon, so Chief Pike will probably single you out to either put on the pressure, or ignore you to not make others feel stupid. Dont worry about it. If we are called back to our squad, its like an ordinary military op without the incompetence of novice tag-a-longs.
Harlin walked in behind Ballard and had his first look at the launch deck. The large angled windows faced the station and didnt give much of a view. Officers manned stations, and the flight commander stood at the primary console and supervised the soon to be launched ASOF squadrons for Alpha stage operation. Ballard led Harlin to the observation area where Tarquini had taken Kajo. As far as he knew, this was Kajos first visit to the launch deck.
The chatter around the command consoles picked up. Prepare for docking separation, the commander said. 
Harlin didnt turn to look at any of the hustle and motion. This was his first time at a window for any type of space flight that didnt involve interstellar travel. He had small windows in his apartment on Gesore and his parents had larger nicer windows, but the view was always limited by other structures and never faced the direction of travel.
The deck vibration began. Harlin felt it in the soles of his feet and the handle he was holding. The hull made the same pings he had heard several times from the barracks as a soldier. He saw air and other gasses vent from the thrusters lining the dorsal lines of the ship. The mooring clamps broke free, and the ship moved away from the station docking port. Of course the launch deck wasnt the only good view; Captain Takuma was on the bridge a few levels above them giving the flight orders and overseeing the departure with a viewport equally as large if not larger. For now this deck was without too much bustle. Though when Alpha Stage of the occupation was ordered and underway, this would be the hub of all aerial activity and command. It was also the final location of all he and Kajos reports made from the mobile command stations placed in the field.
The Porthos rolled its immense mass once it cleared the station. This roll was to prepare the ship for entering the planets atmosphere. Harlin never felt it as a mopper in the barracks, but he watched mesmerized by the spectacle of such a massive creation being able to pitch and roll and be still articulate and precise in motion. The celestial body P326U appeared first in the top right corner of the windows, and as the ship rotated, the planet migrated across the windows until it settled just below the ships bow. The planets gravity would do the rest. In tandem with the other MCPs around the planet, this rock was about to be claimed by the IMF. 
Commander, begin launching your AGAG and ASOF squadrons, Takumas voice said over the intercom. Initiate alpha stage. Ships crews, prepare for gravitational field mergence.
This flight commanderCommander Greenbegan his delegation of orders and instructions to his crew and officers. Recon units deploy and begin marking targets; AGAG squadrons will follow. It was a routine theyd done for hundreds of planets for hundreds of anders and even more during drill session in between planets.
Harlin was too busy admiring the view to understand any of the orders. The planet was smaller than P325O and gravity was significantly reduced. It had greener continents, and was covered with oceans and seas. He wondered if the terrain and ecosystem would be anything like P324D where Avery and Corvalle were both injured, and what kind of slunks they would find.

CHAPTER 14: P326U

THE DAY WAS WEARING AWAY, AND AS ALPHA STAGE OCCUPATION OF P326U shifted to beta stage and ground operation, Winthrop Company had received three target recon locations. It was unusual for the jimmies to find so few points for recon teams. As a result the recon groups were divided into patrols rather than pairs as they had on P325O. After the last planet, having an easy mop job would be a comforting change.
Harlin boarded the MTAV with Kajo as the osprey came to the drop point. Waite would normally scout and recon with a convoy of Aplingtons grizzlies as escorts, but the dense jungle terrain forced Kajo to leave her cavalry at the mobile outpost. Harlin  activated the MTAV systems and started the engines. The osprey shifted to hover, and the green light gave them the go ahead. Harlin accelerated and jumped the MTAV out of the osprey. RSBT 1096 thanks for the lift, he said.
Affirmative Winthrop Leader, standing by for pickup, the copilot said, and the ospreys engines lifted it above the shallow canopy and out of sight.
Hopper, first stop is Tech Sergeant Akiona in Rico, Kajo said. Five hundred marks at sixty-five degrees.
Harlin entered the bearing into his PDS and through the sync with the badger he saw a complete heads-up-display on the windscreen. Along with the destination information, he saw terrain mapping, and possible obstacles. The lower gravity was making every bump and glitch in the road translate to large course changes. Harlin was shaky at first, but a few minutes of wrestling the steering and compensating the suspension corrected most of the larger issues. He was able to increase speed to about eighty bits.
Tech Sergeant Akiona, do you copy? Kajo said. 
Copy major, go ahead, Akiona replied. Harlins new rank granted him all the com and intelligence Kajo had. He could at any time speak or hear what was happening in the field as well as have statistical data on any one soldier. 
Were approaching your position, Kajo warned.
Understood, standing by.
Compared to the jungle on P324D, this wasnt as thick with underbrush but was certainly as thick in trees and canopy. Between gaps in the tree cover and large open meadows, the sky could be seen; its beautiful blue was in stark contrast against the green canopy and foliage was striking. Long creeping vines stretched by gravity did their best to lick the ground. Branches stretched into the sky as if praying for sunlight. The biggest trees looked as if they were hundreds of smaller trees joined together at the roots and branches, while maintaining several distinct trunks. The millions of greens combined with the browns and greens of tree trunks blended with the rocks and ground. If Harlin didnt have to barrel through it on a machine at speed, he may have taken time to appreciate the aesthetic nature of the world around him.
Akionas squadsome of whom Harlin had commanded as platoon commanderstood in standard perimeter formation around a small clearing in a massive tree root system. The MTAV was able to drive up over some roots and into the space. What Akiona had found was not a target of any of their recon objectives, but something entirely new.
Harlin stopped the badger and joined Kajo. Akiona was standing next to what looked like a rock. However, the unique geometric shape of the visible rock portion was the reason they were there. The protruding stone looked like a mini pyramid about half a meter high. Around its edges were fresh dirt from where Akiona and her squad had dug trying to determine the rocks size.
Hopper what do you make of it? Kajo asked.
Its not natural, he replied. Nature doesnt create geometric shapes.
What is it? Kajo asked more specifically.
Nothing I can identify, he said. Shall I report it?
Ill handle the report, Kajo said. Takuma will most likely send out geologists to take a look, but I have a feeling this is the refined alloys they mentioned in briefing.
There could be more? Akiona asked.
This is the primary reason were on this rock, Kajo said. Command wants material we dont have to spend months refining. If this is naturally reoccurring, we could be here a long time.
Akiona addressed her patrol. Hear that? Make yourselves comfortable.
Hopper, Im calling in another RSBT with the lab rats on it. Follow up with the rest of the company and collect the squad reports even if you have to drive to them. Ill hold here until command determines what to do with this. She kicked the rock with her heel.
Understood, Harlin said.
While Kajo contacted command and made the requests, Harlin went through the files and reports they had received so far. All of Rico had reported in, Fica Squadron had two missing reports, and Tiki squadron hadnt made any.
Tiki Squadron leader do you copy? Harlin said trying to reach Major Bjorn; he received no response. Major Bjorn, do you read? Harlin knew several factors played into communication disruption. He also knew Bjorn would never purposefully ignore leadership command even if she did hold some resentment because Harlin was essentially promoted above her. Harlin tried someone else. Master Sergeant Dean, do you copy? 
Drummer here, Dean said. Hopper?
Affirmative.
I tell you this rock might have great botany, but its biology is close to nothing. Your girlfriend is going to be bored stiff.
Ill pass the word, Harlin said. When was the last time Major Bjorn made contact?
Two burks, just after we touched down.
Understood, have you been in contact with anyone else.
Negative. No friendly or slunk contacts of any kind.
Do you have anything to report?
Nothing.
Understood. Take reports from the rest of Tiki squadron and report back to me. Ill try to resolve the loss of contact with Bjorn.
Understood, Dean said.
Harlin walked back to the MTAV to use its stronger signal to contact Bjorn. Nothing changed. There was still no indication of receiving a signal to or from Major Bjorns patrol. Harlin tried contacting the other soldiers in her squad, but there was no reply.
Hopper, update, Kajo said.
We have had no contact from Major Bjorn or any in her team, replied Harlin.
What about the rest of Tiki?
Drummer is on the comm collecting reports. Well have more information soon.
Ill relay a comm through Gesore and see if we can track the signal, Kajo said. I have a RSBT inbound. While were waiting, get your ass out to Bjorns last known position and find her.
On my way, said Harlin; he climbed into the MTAV driver seat. He accessed the mission itinerary and found the sergeant majors drop point. It was a few tares distance, but would only take a burk or two to arrive. He depressed the throttle and was into the jungle again and in seconds out of sight of Kajo and Akiona. 
Open comm to Sergeant Major Bjorn, do you pick up? Harlin said. He kept the channel between him and Bjorn open as he approached the location so to know the moment he was within comm range. The terrain shifted several times: from the dense trees and undergrowth to marshy fields, and eventually he arrived in a maze of rock patterns with towering trees everywhere. The rocks were oddly placed at what seemed equal distances from each other, but the variety of shape and size contradicted the organization of any pattern. 
Static came through the comm, and Harlin tuned in for a few minutes before he started to hear a voice. me inis Tidron leadorn, came in over the comm.
Repeat Tiki leader, repeat, Harlin said.
Winthrop coandyou copy?
Affirmative, this is Hopper, Harlin said. Im approaching your location, activate your beacon.
Weve fou a structure in thedergrowth, Bjorn said. Every meter closer they came to each other, the clearer the signal became. We detected mulple signals on ourotion trackers. Specialist Orton is MIA.
Understood, standby. The MTAV picked up her beacon, and gave him new bearing and distance. They had moved nearly three  hundred marks since their drop. The rock maze quickly thinned out, but the trees became much heavier. Harlin utilized the MTAVs onboard scanners and plotted a course through the terrain. One burk later, after a long detour, Harlin was close enough to the squad to disembark from the MTAV. Bjorn, status.
Bjorn and the patrol were alert and moving through the brush and tree trunks as if they had been under assault and were taking enemy fire. Admin was in her squadron and two members of Fica squadron and two spanks: Private Gavroche and the now missing Specialist Orton. Both of these spanks Harlin remembered from training. Orton was a solid cadet, did his duty well and had excelled quietly in the back of the room.
Hopper, we found the structure, and were scouting for an entrance, Bjorn said. When we discovered it, we didnt have comm. I sent Orton to higher ground to set up an amplifier, and he never came back. Weve been looking for him ever since.
Who was his battle mate? asked Harlin.
I wasnt sending him beyond sight line.
Then how did he disappear?
We had multiple hits on motion trackers, but during engagement we lost visual.
What did you find?
Find? What do you mean?
Trace, sign, foot prints, drag marks, bullet casings; was there any indication of his direction or presence. Harlin was trying to recall all the details from his training simulation on tracking enemy movements.
Were soldiers not detectives, Bjorn said.
Harlin was surprised, but he wasnt about to argue with a previous superior. Im still reading vitals for Orton on my monitor, Harlin said. Hes alive where ever he is. He pointed to two other of Bjorns team. You two, return to where Orton was when he disappeared and look for anything. Ill join you soon. He turned back to Bjorn. Have you received any word from Kajo?
Negative. Youre the first contact weve had since we lost signal.
Understood, Harlin said. Details on the structure?
Hard to say, said Bjorn. We were assigned a mineral deposit, and we found the structure instead. Its definitely made by some kind of intelligent race. We dont know what its made out of, and we didnt find any variation on its surface. Its like a big brick of metal just sticking out of the ground.
Built recently?
Negative, its half buried in foliage, vines and moss.
Understood. Fall back to the emtav; well locate Orton, and then reestablish contact with Kajo.
Harlin climbed back into the drivers seat and drove the MTAV after the two soldiers hed assigned to check for signs of Orton. On the way, Harlin attempted to open a direct channel to Gesore for sensor support. As a soldier he wouldnt have had the authority to call in ospreys; being a warrant officer came with new privileges. He turned to Bjorn who was sitting in the passenger seat. Id call in an osprey to help in the search, but Ive also lost contact with command: no comm or navigation supports. 
There, Bjorn said pointing to the hillside. Orton was last seen there.
Without more sensitive scans, were limited, said Harlin.
Harlin joined the two hed commanded on the search of the surroundings. He knew one missing soldier was enough to pull more resources, but until communication was established, it was going to be the five of them. Several burks passed while he and Bjorns patrol searched for Orton, but there was little to find. In that time, they had found no evidence of a direction, but had seen a few bullet casings. At the very fringe of their motion trackers they had flashes of movement. In a jungle this dense, motion trackers were set to about two hundred to three hundred meters because that was the farthest anyone could see. Knowing there was something there they couldnt see, made them act paranoid. Harlin and Bjorn had to calm the spanks multiple times and focus them to the task. The entire patrol was soon spread out with a meter between them and walked grid search patterns. After a few rounds of this, an RSBT came in above their location. 
Hopper, this is command, said Commander Demke.
I read you, go ahead, replied Harlin, surprised to hear Commander Demke had left the Porthos.
Weve lost contact with Major Kajo, and the RSBT we sent to her location with the team of scientists, and until now weve had no contact from you or anyone north of Kajos position, said Demke. What is your status?
Ive located Major Bjorn, but were minus one soldier, answered Harlin. Weve done heat sig-searches, grid searches, but theres nothing more than bark scratches. Ive been requesting satellite tracking on his personnel transponder but it seems were in a black out area for RF frequencies.
Understood; that changes some orders, said Demke. Were pulling Winthrop out until we can isolate the cause of our communications disruption; its happening throughout the army in the southern hemisphere. Weve authorized and are broadcasting a general fall back order over all frequencies. Proceed with Bjorn to Kajos location relay the message directly and return to Porthos. Were running a pick up operation for other members of Winthrop, if we have room well join you at Kajos last known position.
Understood, Harlin said. What about Orton?
Ill inform the captain. Most likely well send an RSBTs to run search patterns, said Demke. For now, return to Kajo, protect the scientists, and fall back to the Porthos.
How many scientists to account for?
Three, Dr. Hasegawa a geologist, Dr. Ledesma an anthropologist, and Dr. Courtright our biologist.
Copy that, proceeding to Kajos location. Well report when we can. Harlin turned to Bjorn. Winthrop has a general fallback order. The communications interruption is not isolated.
Some kind of nickel-iron deposit? Admin said. Despite his humorous intent, no one expressed amusement at his sarcasm.
We could have several patrols unaccounted for, Bjorn replied. It could take time before we are able to assemble the rest of Winthrop. 
Winthrop isnt what concerns me right now, said Harlin. 
Harlins mind was not with the group at the moment and their conversations fell off his ears like water off rock. He had a new concern. It wasnt Kajo; it wasnt Orton. Ever since Demke had mentioned scientists, ice had formed in his stomach and his usually calm exterior became razor sharp and even a slight twitchy. He accelerated the MTAV to faster than comfortable speeds for most of his passengers. He ignored Bjorns request to slow down. He felt urgency in reaching Kajoin reaching Janebefore anything happened to them. When the badger broke the tree line, it rumbled hard into the clearing where Harlin had left Kajo and the geological specimen. The soldiers were nowhere to be seen, and the sound of gunfire was several marks off.
Sir, smoke ninety degrees, Gavroche said.
I see it, said Bjorn. Hopper, what do you think?
I dont know but thats where were going, Harlin said. He turned the MTAV hard left. Major Kajo, do you copy, this is Hopper.
Harlin! said Kajos voice through a sea of static. ood, to hear froyou. R..rt.
Sir, Ive located Bjorn, they were attacked by slunks and are missing one man. Were currently on our way to your location. Distance is five hundred marks, ETA is two minutes. Harlin disregarded the rough terrain and tumbled along the planets surface in chaotic abandon. Kajo what is your status?
We had otion tracker alarmsgata swarm of someth she replied. We received a mayday from the RSBT and sawoke trails from its damageand redeployed towardcrash sight.
What is the contact? What is causing the motion tracker alarm? he asked.
Still unknown, weve had no visual firmation. Im activating my becon now.
The beacon appeared on the MTAVs screen and gave Harlin a bearing and route through the jungle foliage. Kajo, were two minutes out, prepare for incoming hot rounds. 
Copy, thato out, Kajo said.
Bjorn pulled her assault rifle up and readied it out the door of the MTAV. Henderson, lock and load; I want that badger on a swivel, she said. 
Watch for friendlies, said Harlin.
The MTAV exploded through the dense growth of roots and vines to soar into a small depression where the RSBT had crashed. At first glance, Harlin saw weapons fire from within the rocks aimed at the canopy, and heard the sound of a pistol being fired from the direction of the downed aircraft. The RSBT crashed through the trees at a fifty degree angle and had caught itself on a small rocky ledge where its belly had run-a-ground. The rotary engines were breaking and bending trees and branches, while its tail was caught inside the jungle canopy. The MTAV it had carrying was half smashed against the rock and half still inside the bay. Harlin slid his badger, grabbed his SMG, and leapt from the vehicle before it stopped. The lower gravity jump propelled him through the air, and toward the RSBT port entry door. He took cover under the mangled landing skid and tried to zero in his weapon on one of the hundreds of specks on his motion tracker. He didnt see any targets. Without firing, he climbed up the side of the RSBT and looked into the passenger door. Jane was bracing herself against the wall and pointing the pistol at the entrance. The opposite entrance was smashed into rock and she had taken the only defensible position. 
Stay here, dont move, Harlin said. Ill be back. He jumped down from the aircraft, took five hard steps, and took cover next to the MTAV where he was joined by Bjorns patrol. Kajo was in cover near a clump of root mazes. 
Sir, what the trit is going on? Bjorn asked.
Kajo came from her cover with the rest of Akionas patrol. The moment we arrived we were swarmed. We had motion tracker action like you would not believe.
Could it be leaves? Bjorn asked.
Leaves dont cut the engines on an RSBT, Kajo replied. The pilot and copilot were shooting at everything, even us.
What did you see? asked Harlin.
Nothing, motion trackers only, Kajo said. We had a difficult time approaching the crash site. The crew was pretty spooked.
Weapons fire still pounded away and the percussion throbbed against their helmets.
Have you had contact from command? Harlin asked.
Touch and go. I dont think they heard our last transmission, said Kajo. You?
Only briefly, Harlin said. Theyre having RF interference; they said to fall back to the Porthos.
How do we do that with only one emtav? Bjorn asked.
Hopper, take the civilians first, Kajo said. We can hold this ground and take cover in the osprey if the hums come back whatever they are. Once on the Porthos, bring a bigger transport for us and the RSBT. If theres nothing available, come back on the badger and well bus out of here.
Understood, Harlin said. A spank, Private Yun, in Akionas patrol was still firing and Harlin walked over to him. Hold your fire spank. Dont waste your ammunition on something you cant kill.
When the trigger happy private stopped, there was a creepy calm in the jungle. Bullet marks on the tree trunks and a cascade of falling leaves surrounded their position. Harlin walked casually back to the RSBT with Akionas patrol to help with the civilians. He utilized the low gravity and jumped into the side door where he came face to face with Janes pistol. He held out his hand for it, and she surrendered it willing.
You okay? Harlin asked. 
Hopper, Jane said, brushing off the previous moment to join him in the present. Dr. Ledesma was injured in the crash. He may have broken his ankle; its pretty bad.
Okay, Ill take him. Harlin threw the SMG over his shoulder. He climbed over Jane to look into the passenger area where the other two doctors were huddled. Doctors, up and out to the emtav.
Jane peaked out the door and met Akiona at the top ready to assistance her to the ground. Dr. Hasegawa clamored up next. Harlin took Ledesma in his arms. The two thirds gravity reduction made lifting him easy. He put him over his shoulder and ran up the floor to the door. He lowered the doctor down to one of Akionas squad members. Jane was already in the passenger side of the MTAV, and Hasegawa was awkwardly trying to climb into the rear passenger seat. Harlin went to the other side of the badger, and placed Ledesma in the rig, and made ready to load himself.
Commander Demke, this is Hopper do you copy? He waited, but there was nothing: not even static. Harlin climbed in the drivers seat. Kajo, with comm unreliable we may not be able to contact you again. Demke may come by if his osprey has room for more. Use the flares if you see air support. If not, Ill be back in an hour with my own osprey.
Understood, Kajo said. Okay, everyone stay sharp and stand by.
Can you spare a man for my gunner? Harlin asked.
Henderson load up, Bjorn said.
Sir, said Henderson and he ran to the MTAV and boarded the gunners position.
When all was secure, Harlin accelerated so quickly the tires spun dirt, and once the MTAV gained traction, they bolted out of the small depression. Harlin checked the distance from Porthos and the direction and set a compass bearing. The ride was bumpy and the terrain smoothed out with speed. 
How far until were back at the Porthos? Dr. Hasegawa asked. 
Were seventy five tares and two-hundred and seventy degrees off, Harlin said.  If the terrain remains level and clear we can be there in less than an hour.
Cant we call in for a ride? asked Ledesma after a particularly hard jolt to the suspension.
Communication is being interfered with, and until we can discover whats causing it, we cant rely on it, Harlin said. Besides, with the amount of contacts we picked up, Id say were better on the move.
The MTAV jolted again, and the front tipped up and came down hard. The lower gravity increased hang time, and caused greater recoil after each jolt. The softer suspension to cope with the jolts didnt soften the landings. The ride was going to be a fast and rough seventy-five kilometers, but Harlin was confident they would make it eventless.
Harlin and the MTAV made it almost half way to the Porthos when RSBT 0855 tracked his signal, made contact, and picked them up. After a brief rendezvous on the landing deck of the Porthos, and the unloading of Jane and her team, Commander Demke sent him back for Major Kajo along with an HSBT vulture to recover the downed osprey. Now sitting on RSBT 0855s side rail Harlin scanned the area for any sign of the RSBTs crash site. They were within a thousand meters of the GPS coordinates he last had for Kajos beacon, but seeing anything under the dense jungle canopy was going to be hard. Even the tail of the crashed RSBT wasnt obvious. 
Major Kajo, do you copy? Harlin said looking out over the port side of the RSBT osprey. Major Kajo, do you copy?
Sir, Ive got a flare at five degrees, the pilot said.
Harlin stepped to the starboard side to see the mentioned flare. At about five hundred meters was the unmistakable green streak of the flare rising above the canopy. Kajo do you copy? Harlin asked again.
Hopper you lucky son of hum your ass downand pick us up, said Kajo.
Harlin stepped into the deployment deck in the passenger compartment and opened the osprey. When the pilot came to a hover over Kajo and the others, Harlin dropped the ten lines for their ascent. Harlin ushered the soldiers aboard. Last to come up were Kajo, Bjorn and Akiona.
That was some boring gata, let me tell you, Kajo said.
You had no contacts? Harlin asked.
None, she replied. After you took off with the civis, there was nothing on motion trackers until you showed up.
Thanks but no thanks for the rush Hopper, Bjorn said.
Im glad to be out of that jungle gata, said Kajo. Pilot, takes us out of here.
The ride back was only deterred long enough to provide cover support for the HSBT Vulture crew who were ordered to pull the osprey from the jungle floor, and tow it back to the Porthos. Total time of deployment had only been five hours, but all Winthrop was accounted for, except Specialist Orton. When the osprey came to rest on the loading deck of the Porthos, Major Kajo was met by commander Demke, Captain Takuma, and Command Sergeant Major Tarquinii. Harlin had never seen either Demke or Takuma in their combat gear, and for their command positions it was more for sterilization than it was for battle, though Demke did sport some impressive command communication features built into his armor.
Kajo welcome home, Demke said. 
Good to be back sir, she replied.
Report? Takuma asked.
Nothing to report that Hopper hasnt already given you, she replied. After he took the MTAV we sat waiting for contacts or the osprey whichever came first.
Still no visual on the slunks? Tarquinii asked.
None: no trace at all. Kajo turned to Takuma. Any intel on the comms?
At first we thought we were experiencing equipment malfunctions, Takuma said. We went in and out of contact with several ASOFs during their first passes, but the period of no contact was so minimal we didnt think anything of it. A raptor moving at mach three is in and out of the dark zones so fast we hardly considered it a threat. No pilots or crews ever reported any malfunctions on their end, so we thought it was a planetary perk related to the magnetosphere.  However, with slow moving ground teams we soon discovered the communication interruptions were much more severe and almost immediately after our discovery command contacted us with a general fall back order. There are complete dark zones and range issues reported from several battalions in the north and southern hemispheres.
 We only had communication within a tare, Kajo said. Anything further out and we were completely cut off.
You had twenty five squads spread out over five kilometers to more accurately pin-point the mineral deposits, Tarquinii said. Who was the farthest away?
Tiki squadron, Harlin said. I had to contact Major Bjorn in person. I didnt gain a comm signal on her until I was within five hundred marks.
They were farthest north, Kajo added. 
Command has informed us that after their solid analysis the metals in the surface and deeper within the planet are not responsible for the interference, Takuma said. And with their being no break with command, the APCU is unaffected.
That rules out an unknown radiation, Kajo said. What has command said about the planet itself; is it the magnetosphere?
Magnetosphere or not, the interference has to be electromagnetic, Harlin said. RF bands are the only thing not working.
And were looking at a limited distance comm issue, Takuma said. If it were the magnetosphere, battalions all over the planet have this issue, not to mention the problem would increase closer to the poles. Instead the anomaly is focused on areas closer to the planets equator?
And weve encountered magnetosphere disruptions in the past, Demke said. Air corps simulations have a few programs that cover hiding in the planets magnetic poles.  This doesnt fit the profile of that type of anomaly.
There is the possibility that it may not have anything to do with electromagnetic radiation as much as it could be other forms of radiation, said Harlin after considering the specific traits of situation.
What do you mean? Takuma asked.
Atomic forms of radiation would have an effect on the APCU, but electromagnetic isnt the only radiation to interfere with RF bands. Harlin said.
Go on, Demke said.
Plasma discharges can emit a low level particle radiation that is hard to detect. My father has worked on plasma discharges as a means of disabling electric circuitry in the fission cores to make repairs to damaged cores safer for crew. Harlin was concerned his long explanation was filled with far too much information. But if we looked for a specific type of plasma radiation we may find the source faster than looking and doing grid searches.
It does explain the problem, said Demke.
And explains why the Athos, Dumas, and Kenya battalions are experience the same issues with the comm. Takuma looked Harlin. Ill need you with me when we contact command so you can explain to them what youve just explained to me. Can you offer solutions on ways around the interference?
For that youll need to talk to my father, Harlin said.
Understood, Takuma said, and was about to walk away.
Sir what about Specialist Orton? Kajo asked.
I know MIA issues are time sensitive, but command ordered a general fall back order and they dont know of his disappearance yet. Ill mention it when I make my report, and then I can authorize a search for him. Until then, we hold position.

CHAPTER 15: EXTRAORDINARY TERRESTIRALS

ONCE AGAIN HARLIN FOUND HIMSELF LOOKING OUT THE SIDE OF RSBT 0855 flying a hundred meters above the canopy. Ever since the RSBT had gone down, the pilots were ordered to fly higher. The terrains odd formations were clearer to him at altitude than on the ground. He was certain there was a pattern to the rock formations, the trees, and foliage, but each rock cluster was different in shape and size and so any discernable pattern would take time to discover. After his discussion with Major Zakharov, he was asked to contact his father on Gesore, at his laboratory and request their cooperation with the search for the source by focusing their instruments for detecting the rare plasma radiations. That conversation was awkward with Takuma watching. Dr. Harlin made Harlin feel foolish by telling him that without knowing the type of plasma, or the properties of its atomic composition, detecting the radiation was near impossible. With that, though, Dr. Harlin suggested a better use of their time would be spent modifying their frequencies to cut through the radiation. Takuma requested efforts be split to accomplish both tasks. Harlin ended the conversation feeling even more beneath his father, though among his commanding officers he was probably viewed as even more valuable. He didnt know which opinion he cared about most.
Until more information from the scans could be complied, he was ordered to search and locate Specialist Orton, or what was left of him, while Chief Ballard operated a simple sweep search pattern looking for potential communication disruption sources. Chief Menasai was given orders also, and that was to locate and discover the source of the motion tracker anomaly. Everyone had slunk recovery as a secondary order, but Chief was hunting them specifically.  
To find Orton, he had instructed the pilot, Master Sergeant Javier to take scans of the topography. Harlins sync connection to the RSBT allowed him to download the terrain to his navigation computer for easier mapping and tracking once he was on the ground. 
Coming up on Major Bjorns drop point, said the copilot, Staff Sergeant Fisker. Prepare for deployment in five.
Harlin thisDemke, the commander said.
Copy, go ahead, Harlin replied.
Weve...ad unreliable hits on SpecialiOrtons transder from when itlast active. Wereending you the two coordates now.
Understood, standing by, said Harlin. He stepped back inside and to the personal attack vehicle: a.k.a the PAV wolf. He straddled the vehicle, fired up the engine, and prepared the single manned craft for launch. Pilot adjust heading, to these coordinates.
Affirmative, adjusting course to one point three five, said Javier. In a few more minutes, they were hovering over the location. 
Thank you for flying air Porthos, Loading officer Dallas said, and gave Harlin the green light. 
Well stay in the area and monitor the comm. Command wants to keep within contact if possible, Javier said.
Ill be in touch, said Harlin. Command, Im at the first transponder coordinate and leaving the osprey, I may be out of contact. 
Untoodceed with cautionood luck, Demke said. The comm was already breaking down even with the RSBT as a relay.
Harlin fired the afterburners and the PAV rocketed from the back of the RSBT. Harlin went straight at the jungle and once clear of the canopy pulled up and angled his trajectory in the direction of the first coordinate. The ground in this area was mostly an intricate maze of roots. There was little if any real dirt and solid ground. Harlin wondered where the trees were taking root. The tangled floor of the jungle was also covered in vine and small grass foliage. Moss grew faithfully on the dark side of the trees, and mushroom like fungus grew as neighbors. Vines hung down low and prevented sight lines to be greater than fifty meters. Harlin dismounted the PAV, and began to sweep the area for signs of Orton. He remembered the area from the search that he and Bjorns patrol had done during their last few hours here. There was so little sign, no weapons, no fallen gear, or any evidence of a human presence. Harlin may have to give up before he started. 
The motion tracking alarm signaled. Harlin saw the location blink on his monitor. He pulled his pistol from his thigh took aim. He waited for target confirmation. Vines hung like comets frozen across space, the wind was held back by the towering tree-scape, and there was silence. The jungle here was eerie and still. 
Command I have possible contacts, he said.
Harlin didnt have any reply, but wasnt expecting one. He activated his PDSs infrared but nothing new appeared. Motion tracker system was linked to the network which transmitted personal GPS signals to Gesore; if the motion was Orton, it would show up as a green icon on his motion tracking screen. Everything else moving would show up red. Harlin lowered his weapon and returned to his sweep. Whatever the blip on his motion tracker was it was real. There were too many reported ghosts on this planet to think his visor was malfunctioning again.
The ground here was soft. He knew it wasnt rock or hard dirt; it was formed by a collection of tree roots: each sank slightly with his weight. He completed a twenty meter circle and still found no trace of Orton, weapons fire, or any activity. He turned back to his PAV. Before he reached the vehicle he had another alarm on his motion tracker. He turned toward the motion and without hesitation took two shots. There was more than the usual stillness. A few leaves were falling from the canopy were the bullet had traveled. Harlin stood his ground and watched them drift and flutter. He looked up at the leaves point of origin. Another leaf fell. Harlin shot the space just above it. The motion tracker alarm sounded again, and the red indicator signaled a slunk was indeed near.
I have confirmed motion contacts, he said. With no sign or evidence of Orton, Im proceeding to the second transponder coordinate.
We read you Chief, Javier replied. Standing by to assist.
Harlin knew he needed to exhaust all possibilities of Ortons disappearance before he worried about slunks, so he let the motion tracker go silent, mounted the PAV and took off in the northwesterly direction. Flying through the canopy was not something he wanted to do quickly. There could be untold injury should he smash his PAV into a tree, or clip a branch. With the jungle variation of different densities, he could find himself running out of room fast. The slower speed allowed him the ability to check for signs of human presence. It was unlikely Orton would have been taken in as straight a line as Harlin was flying, but there was still an opportunity to find something.
RSBT Im at the second coordinate. Stand by, Harlin said slowing the PAV for dismount. 
The area was much the same as far as plant life and foliage was concerned. Right away Harlin noticed there was evidence that something had moved through the brush. There were smashed and bent blades of grass, and a few broken brush limbs created a clear trail through the jungle. Harlin went back to the PAV to hover slow and close to the ground over the brush trail. The slunks traveled by tree, so this had to be a human trail. Orton could have become easily disoriented in a firefight, and when he found himself lost and separated, he could have started hiking in the direction he thought he would find the Porthos. Harlin stopped the PAV at the sound of rustling in the canopy. Oddly there was no alarm from the motion tracker. He put his hand down on his pistol and waited for the noise again. There it was.
He spun off the PAV and jumped toward the sound with his pistol aimed and ready. This single motion triggered a panic in the slunk because it darted and created a motion alarm and a red dot appeared on his visor: multiple red dots. He jumped back on the PAV and took off. The motion tracker stopped giving him a signal, but he used the pursuit guns of the PAV and spattered the trees with bullets. The motion tracker again gave him scattered red indications of slunks. 
Multiple contacts, Harlin said. If no one heard him a detailed log of activity would assist anyone viewing his visor footage for information, or in case something happened to him. 
Using the PAV as his weapons support he crept over the brush trail a meter at a time and continued to spatter the trees to keep the slunks at a distance, and if he was lucky get one. The motion tracker showed the various slunks were split up and scattering in the canopy. The motion of the slunks here, reminded him of a particular slunk in simulation that would lay quiet and still while the soldiers were passing by. It blended so well with the rocks he was hardly distinguishable. The slunk would jump or run only when the soldiers held still long enough to make it think it had been seen. Perhaps he could use their retreat to locate their hive or nest, and if Orton was taken by them, that would be where he would be found. Harlin realized that shooting into a jungle without knowledge of his target was a perfect way to shoot Orton. He eased of the trigger to consider the possibilities. If Orton was among these moving creatures self propelled or taken hostage, Harlin would see a green indicator on his motion tracker rather than the red which indicated an unknown object in motion; that might be an easy way of finding him. If by chance Orton was lying low somewhere in the jungle, a stray bullet from the PAV would give his suit a good endurance test, a nice bruise, and maybe a broken bone, but no lethal injury. On top of that, hitting Orton may actually help Harlin find him quicker.
The red blips on the tracker disappeared, and Harlin fired a few more shots to continue prodding the invisible entities. After a few hundred meters of shooting and scooting, the red disappeared from the motion tracker. The eerie calm he felt when he stormed in on Janes down osprey returned. Harlin wondered if he was caught in a slunk trap. Were these slunks smart enough to create a trap? Where had they gone? They were only a few meters away at last location. He strafed the tree tops with bullets, but he had no success in regaining a signal. After abandoning the slunk movement, he looked back to the brush trail he was following and saw some moss scraps on roots spanning a distance across the rooted jungle floor. Rocks peeked out of the roots choke hold in random spots. After disembarking, Harlin unstrapped his SMG from the side of the PAV to use it rather than his pistol or SR should he find himself chest deep in slunks. He swept the area for more sign of Orton. 
The scuffs Harlin followed ended on one side of the clearing, at the base of a particularly gnarly root tangle; Harlin found an opening into the ground with enough space for a body to squeeze through. He stopped to consider the likelihood of the slunks having ducked underground and disappeared from the motion trackers. He also considered the possibility of Orton having gone inside if hed made it this far. Would Orton have gone in here if hed been surrounded by slunks? So far no evidence supported his encountering the slunks. There was no weapons fire in the area or any sign of it. At the moment the motion tracker was blank, the comm was blank, and there was no other indication of Specialist Orton to prevent him from investigating the opening. He didnt feel comfortable going into a hole in the ground without someone at the rear, but he felt compelled to be thorough.
RSBT 0855, do you copy? Harlin said.
Copy, said  Fisker.
Im transmitting my coordinates to you now. Ive found what may be a tunnel, and Im going in to investigate for signs of Orton.
Understood, good luck, Fisker replied.
He pulled a grenade from his harness, twisted the top clockwise, and pushed the cap in to activate the timer. He tossed the explosive into the hole. He ducked to the right for cover. The explosion shook the roots, and smoke slowly billowed out of the opening. Harlin came in close, looked inside, went down on his hands and knees, and slid through the hole. Once inside, the root system was more spacious than he expected. Light broke down through the space between the roots, and the smoke from the grenade created a mist. Larger roots created tunnels through the smaller roots: tunnels large enough Harlin could walk through. Before he journeyed deeper, he turned around and took out another grenade. He twisted the top counter clockwise, pulled the cap up, and activated the proximity detonation setting. He saw the grenade signal was transmitting its location to his visor, and set the grenade down near the entrance. Anything registered with the IMF command frequency would know this grenade was there and the grenade wouldnt explode. To any slunk, it would incinerate them.
With his rear guard in place, Harlin turned his attention to going down the tunnel. He traveled easily for twenty five meters. He wasnt going much deeper according to elevation, but he was finding rock. He was still walking on roots, but he was seeing more and more solid earth around him. The rock had an oddly composite look to them: like sedimentary rock.
The visors automatic updates activated a new menu Harlin hadnt had during the mission. His comm linked with another soldier either because of proximity or the signal was finally fully restored. He opened the menu. Specialist Orton was listed in his unit. Harlin must have came close enough to Orton to have received a signal from his PDS, or gone deep enough to evade the communication disruption. Specialist Orton do you copy? he asked hoping to have a reply. The visor updated again, and Harlin knew why there was no response. Ortons health monitors were flat; he was dead.
The root he was following came up against a rock wall, and turned to the right. He noticed a solid stone surface a few meters below his feet. Following the roots he found his way down to this lower ledge of rock. The rock ledge was level as far as he could tell, as if it was carved or cast. The joining rock walls were a perfect ninety degrees. He turned to check the surroundings and saw an IMF uniform laid over a root.
Command do you copy? Harlin asked. RSBT 0855 to you read?
With no response from anyone, Harlin approached with caution. He knew it was Orton, but he checked for booby traps and snares that may have been prepared by slunks. When it was clear he put away his SMG and checked Orton for a cause of death. The vest and gear harness he was wearing was shredded and torn, as if someone was trying to strip it from him with a knife. His various pockets were emptied and there was no gear or weapons lying near him. Looking over his armor, Harlin noticed impact marks that looked like bullet marks, but there was no way he would have been shot. The back of his helmet was showing incredible damage, there were dents, and scraps like he had never seen before. Carefully Harlin arranged Ortons body so he could with one hand, place him on his shoulder, and climbed back up the root path toward the surface. 
Nearly half way up the tunnel, the grenade placed at the entrance exploded. Harlin put Orton down and stopped with his weapon pointing up the tunnel. It was possible the slunks could move though the tunnels at great speeds. It was also possible that even though he was confined to the larger rooted tunnels, they may have other avenues not humanly accessible. Nothing appeared on the motion trackers, and nothing was visible up or down the tunnel so Harlin picked Orton back up and continued. 
At the entrance, Harlin saw a much larger hole had been blasted away by his booby-trap grenade. He had set the grenade closer to the entrance than the one he threw in. The nearby roots were shredded. He placed Orton down and slowly approached the opening. He kept his back against the thickest wall of roots and centimeter at a time, peeked his head above the opening to scan the area. Once his shoulders were exposed, he did a full three-hundred and sixty degree sweep of the area. The PAV was still sitting as he had left it: silent and unscathed. 
Harlin didnt see any other sign of slunks, but did see an odd lump of uncharacteristic foliage close to the entrance. He stepped out of the hole and approached the mass. It looked like a moss covered log with grass growing from its back, but it had odd looking branches. The closer he came the more he realized he wasnt looking at local botany. There was a clearly discernable hand with fingers and a thumb. The other hand, and most of the limb, been severed in the grenade explosion. The wound dripped a milky brown fluid. There were two legs protruding from the bottom of a much damaged torso. It looked as if it had spent its life in a swamp and allowed itself to be grown over with vegetation. When Harlin found what would have been the head on any biped creature, he noticed it had two eyes, and a mouth. Any other facial features it had were hidden by flora. The eyes were a dark yellow on a backdrop of light green; they resembled human eyes at first glance. The mouth was also open, from which more of the same fluid was dripping. Harlin left it be for the moment and returned for Ortons body.
Command this is Harlin do you copy? Harlin said. No response from command. RSBT 0855 do you copy?
Copylin. Good toer from you Javier said. picked upblast. You all right?
Affirmative, Harlin said. I have Orton, and a slunk to bring in.
Ill have Dallas prepare the trauma kit, Fisker said.
No need, replied Harlin, gently draping Ortons body across the back of the PAV.
UnderstOn our way. Javiers voice was low and regretful. 
With Orton on the PAV, Harlin went back for the slunk carcass and dragged it toward the vehicle. Its stiff and woody body wouldnt bend enough to place across the PAV, and made Harlin wish he had rope or straps of some kind. Finally Harlin mounted the PAV, and pulled the carcass over his lap. The fluid seeping from the slunk dripped all over his legs. He was doomed for juicing during his next de-con.
The extra weight on the PAV wasnt a problem in the lower gravity. Once he was above the canopy, RSBT 0855 was there waiting for loading. When Dallas secured the PAV, Harlin shoved the slunk carcass off his lap and let it lay on the deck. The limb still near him, he kicked it as he dismounted. He and Dallas lifted Ortons body off the PAV, and gently lay him down in the passenger compartment for the medics to retrieve him. 
During the ride back to the Porthos, Harlin used his command override to sync to Ortons visor and activate the image recording from his mission. Harlins visor became the screen as Ortons first mission played out. At double speed Major Bjorns motions and orders were all exaggerated. Once Orton was ordered to set up the signal amplifier Harlin returned it to real time. Orton was setting up the equipment when he reacted to several alarms on his motion tracker. He fired a few shots but was pushed to the ground from behind. He struggled to roll over. Harlin could hear him grunt and fight against something which continued to press him down. He managed to roll over. When he did, a human sized slunk slashed and clawed at his chest. The armor and base armor would withstand hours of such abuse. The creature savagely gnawed and cut at Orton. The specialist took out his knife and managed to injure the slunk enough to put it on the defensive. The slunk reared back and hissed at him. The helmet shook violently and then went back to the ground. Another slunk had ambushed him from behind, and was holding a large rock and continued to pound it against Ortons now limp body. The PDS damage indicator in the top right corner showed severe damage was done to the helmet, and Harlin also noticed his personal health monitors went red. 
Harlin knew by the vitals on the PDS that Orton wasnt killed yet, but a blow to the head could still knock him out. Harlin reversed the video until he came back to the hissing slunk. Its face was covered in short green grass breaching through what looked like gray tree bark. The eyes were intense and rednot the same slunk he had killedand the shoulders, chest and back were also covered with similar grassy hairs. The mouth was like a human mouth and jaw, but revealed needle pointed teeth on top and bottom. These slunks had the perfect camouflage, the perfect terrain to hide and move in, and if they burrowed for shelter, the perfect escape.
Once the RSBT was within range, Harlin reported to Demke what he had found and the success of his mission. When he landed, a medical was there team to take Orton,  Jane with her biology team waiting for the slunk, and Demke to retrieve the information from Ortons video feed and Harlins full report. Harlin wanted to report to Jane what he had seen in the field, but he was trapped reporting to Demke. After a juicing in the de-con chamber, Harlin received a notification he was to report to the science lab for questions regarding the slunk. There he was able to watch from an observation room as Jane and other biologists did their work and examined the slunk. Once the biopsy was completed, Jane turned over the lab and the remains to the botanists who took their turn examining the slunks features and asking Harlin their questions. There was just as much botany on this creature as there was biology. Samples were taken of various tissues and sent to neighboring labs for analysis. In an hour they would know all there was to know about the slunks diet, chemical make-up, genetic profile, reproductive system, age, gender, and most important, the best way to kill it.
After only a few minutes of down time in the mess hall, Takuma used the ships intercom to call Harlin to his office for debriefing: full battle gear on and all. When he arrived, the captain was already being briefed on Ortons cause of death by a medical examiner: Doctor Quinton.  An autopsy of Orton revealed he died from repeated blunt force trauma to the back of the head. Harlin knew the helmet was designed to take a bullet shot from a personal weapon, but repeated abuse to the helmet eventually translated to skull and brain injury. Quinton continued. The body suffered impact trauma in several areas and there were both pre-mortem and postmortem bruising. Most of the impacts were caused by a large blunt object: most likely candidate is the rocks like those recorded in the images recorded in his helmet. The base armor protected his body from much of this beating, but because of one early blow to his head, Orton was knocked out during most of this attack. The repetition of this head bashing was probably due to Orton coming back to consciousness several time. The final death blow was given approximately two hours and fifteen minutes ago.
Thank you doctor, Takuma said. Ill need a copy of your report for command within the hour.
You can expect the VAT, said Quinton and he left the room.
Takuma looked at Harlin. I wanted you here while I watched Ortons visor diagnostic from the tech groups.
Without delay Takuma played the hologram that displayed Ortons video and the corresponding commentary by the tech crew who analyzed and had images sent to all teams working on Orton or slunk remains. They watched him being dragged for several hundred meters until he was pulled underground. The visor had periodical glitches in image quality and analysts said this could be caused by rock to helmet impact which was evident in both Dr. Quintons report and the examination of the helmet. While they were in the middle of the recording, Jane came in with the biopsy report. When the video finished, Takuma gave Jane the floor.
After analyzing the body we can tell you its mammal like. Its not cold blooded, but its not really warm-blooded either, she began. Its so much like a plant we cant determine what kind of thermal variance it will have. Dr. Yancy, our resident botanist, said most of the plant samples she removed were similar to temperate climate plants.
Is there a chance at modifying any of our current detection devices for biological recognition? Takuma said.
I dont know of any specialized equipment that would be able to distinguish this creature from local plant life. Motion trackers are your best option in my opinion, Jane said.
Sir, linking the motion tracker to our PDS targeting link may give us a more pinpoint location at which to aim, Harlin said. It shouldnt be that hard to work up for the techs; all the command codes are there, it just needs to be programmed to work and activate simultaneously and automatically.
Excellent, Ill send the report to the quartermaster for the updates to begin, said Takuma. He looked back at Jane. Sorry to interrupt. Continue doctor. 
Underneath the bark and tissue the slunk has several human like organs, and even a remarkably similar bone structure to ours. It has two lungs, one heart, liver and kidneys. Unlike us, the stomach, intestines, and bladder, are significantly smaller. This suggests that ingestion isnt primary food digestion method.
What is? Takuma asked.
From the blood work weve done, the slunk has high concentrations of hemoglobin and chlorophyll. The leaf formations which cover the body feeds the creature, much like a plant does with photosynthesis. The slunk also requires hemoglobin to operate some of its basic mammal organs, so there is a need for other food sources rather than light and minerals. Since it can obtain these vitamins from soil and other sources, ingestion is primarily for protein. Theyre carnivorous.
That explains the needle sharp teeth, Takuma said holding up a still image from Ortons visors video. Specialist Orton was next on the menu apparently.
It also explains the tree mobility and tunnel access, Harlin said. Like any plant they need soil for nutrients, and sunlight for photosynthesis. Its a plant animal hybrid of some kind.
As far as we can tell, Jane affirmed. It has every function of a mammal, with the added functions of a plant. Reproductive organs, brain size, body structure, limbs, joints, optical and sensory organs are all typical of the few bipeds weve encountered before. The good news is, the battalions in less temperate climates wont be encountering them. Their ecological requirements are quite specific. 
Seems like were always in the right place, said Takuma. There was a signal at Takumas desk; he reached down and answered. 
Sir, Dr. Weatherby is hear with his report; he says its urgent, said the desk lieutenant.
Send him in, Takuma said, and looked at Jane for help. What does Weatherby do?
Genetics, Jane replied. Hes our genetics specialist.
The door opened and a darker man past prime walked in out of breath and with an excited expression. Sirweve just gotthe firstDNA results.
And? Takuma said. 
Weve found base pairsin the DNA strandthat are an identical match to human DNA, Weatherby said still breathing hard.
What does that mean? asked Takuma.
Its not just a hybrid mammal-plant, sir, Harlin spoke up. Its a hybrid human-plant.
How is that possible? Takuma asked.
Have there been any human activity out this far from the Sol system? Jane asked.
Not that Im aware of, answered Takuma.
There may have beensome other expeditions after Gesoreleft, Weatherby said. It may be a sudden evolutionary change caused by bacteriaor a virus they encountered on the planet.
So youre saying there are other human groups travelling throughout the galaxy, and they found this place and became mutated? Takuma asked.
That probability is low, Jane said. Mutations this severe would take thousands of generations at least.
It has been over three hundred anders since Gesore left the Sol system, and over one hundred and fifty since our APCU lost contact, Harlin said. They could have several intergalactic teams by now; wed never know.
The DNA pair matching is unmistakable, captain, said Weatherby breathing like a human being finally. Either were looking at a species that by chance is sixty percent identical to humans, or humanity somehow has a connection with this planet. And a deep enough connection to have somehow influenced these creatures or became them.
Harlin, I want you to take an osprey to find and bring back Beach-head, I mean Ballard. Im calling back Chief Menesai and his sample team, Takuma said. Im reporting theseplant people to command.
Chloro-sapiens, Weatherby said. 
Chloro what? Takuma asked.
Chloro sapiens, he repeated. Dr. Rudkidles idea sir.
Whatever. Last I spoke to command they were debating the mobilization of the warrant officer corps. This information, along with what Ballard and Menesai have, may change their minds. Thank you Chief, doctors; keep the research going, Takuma said. Dismissed.
Dr. Weatherby left first, followed by Jane and Harlin. The small office had been crowded. The three were silent until the elevator. Dr. Weatherby stepped in and waited for the others but Harlin pressed the close button for the doors and sent him down without them.
Hows Dr. Ledesma? Harlin asked.
He was released after a few minutes of bone treatment. It wasnt a broken ankle, so it repaired quickly, said Jane.
Good to hear, Harlin said. How are you doing?
Ive never had to fire a weapon at anything until this morning.
Sorry it happened at all.
It wasnt your fault. Command sent us out, timing was bad.
Do you remember what happened to the RSBT or why it went down?
Not really, said Jane. The pilot didnt say much; only that they were crashing, and we needed to hold on to something.
The elevator came back up, and they stepped in.
I went over the Pilots report, but he said they never saw anything like the chloro-sapiens, Harlin said. He and his copilot, felt a sudden lurch in the controls, cavitations in the hull, and reported a triple warning light indication on their starboard turbine. Slunks are the only known party in the jungle to blame, unless we investigate our own crews for sabotage.
Triple light? What does that mean?
Three failures in the turbine: rotation, speed, stabilization, power, damage, or several others; an RSBT turbine doesnt have triple failures on accident. This was deliberate.
You think we were attacked?
Well the video of Orton shows these sapiens are not above using force to capture their prey. He was smashed in the back of the head with a rock. I wouldnt be surprised if the RSBT looked like a giant meal in the sky.
They thought it was food? Jane laughed at the idea, but realized Harlin was serious.
They havent attacked any vehicle since then, nor have they taken any other personnel like they did Orton. Whatever they originally attacked for, they havent tried it again. I think they know were not easy food.
Well, their attacks may have been a defensive reaction. We can easily be seen as threats. They dont know we just want rocks in the ground.
Which I dont understand either. Every rock formation Ive seen is geometrically perfect, smooth, and refined. Its not natural.
Maybe that explains why the sapiens are here, she said. If other humans found this place and were interested enough to come all this way, they may have come for the mineral and alloy deposits.
Then they mistakenly get transformed into meat eating plants?
Infections are possible, Jane said.
Its an idea, Harlin said. The elevator reached Harlins level. Keep your nose in the report from the geologist. Any results may be worth knowing if this planet has galactic interests.
I will. And dont think you cant come back because no one cares about you. Jane said as Harlin stepped off the elevator.  Be careful. 
I always am, Harlin said. He walked away. 

CHAPTER 16: ORIGINS

NEITHER BALLARD, NOR THE OSPREY WHICH TRANSPORTED HIM, HAD MADE contact, but under the current conditions there was no way of knowing if their lack of contact was equipment oriented or because of danger. Harlin didnt want to assume the worst. At best they were still flying or at worst, they were ditched somewhere in the jungle. If they ditched, Ballard and the RSBT crew might look like a banquette to the slunks. From the video feed of Ortons helmet, though, it looked as if the slunk was trying to scratch and kill, even disembowel him, but the titanium-ceramic armor and HEV gel layer were too sturdy to give in. If the slunks found a way through, humans may be moved from the banquette line to the buffet.    
Harlin received the intel package from command, and was prepared to do another PAV drop onto Ballards original LZ. He and the RSBT crew had been on duty for a little more than a day. Harlin was starting his twelfth straight hour of deployment. This type of scenario was what the lengthy training simulations were designed for. 
Chief, were almost to the drop point, Fisker said. Well stay in comm the entire time youre on the ground. Command wants regular check-ins every burk.
Understood, I may need aerial fire to scare off the natives. 
Copy that, said Javier
Dallas looked at Harlin.. Ready to drop, sir? Have fun.
The PAV launched from the rear of the osprey and Harlin took a wide sweep around to the drop point. He opened his visors setting menu, and accessed the motion tracker options. He modified the range to one hundred meters to better suit the jungle: only close range motion was needed. He also activated the motion lock targeting. This would feed motion from the tracking device into the computer assisted targeting optics on his SMG. Hopefully it would pin-point the slunks even when they held still. It was a long shot, but worth trying.
Harlin dropped in below the canopy and began similar circles to identify any ground activity or sign Ballard left behind. RSBT 0855, do have eyes on the other osprey?
Negative chief; we cant see anything under the canopy.
Understood; Im widening my circle.
Keeping within communications range would be difficult because no one yet knew how far away the comm had to be before the connection was broken. Harlin had been within a couple hundred meters of Bjorn and Kajo when he gained contact, but he was also a few kilometers away when he reached Dean. If the communication interference was a natural phenomena, it could explain part of Janes mutation theory. Colonists may not have realized there was an electromagnetic interference and so the closer they were to the equator the more isolated they became. Believing them dead they were abandoned by other colonies and over time they evolved. The humans who originally came might have suffered from some toxicity of some unknown radiation, or in some way triggered a biological mutation to accelerate. Harlin shuddered to think of this planet as a quarantine zone for contaminated humans; it was a possibility. Janes mutated theory had one small flaw; most evolution happened over millennia, so it was unlikely the source of these chloro-sapiens was any relation to the population of Gesore.  
Harlin made two circles at each distance to look once for visual confirmation of activity, and second to check the thermal images. During the middle of his third circle while looking at thermal readings he saw several odd dots in some moss. He slowed down and looked closer. There were bullet casings resting on the moss, and giving off a different heat. They werent fresh: an hour or more, but it was a start.
0855, I have evidence of Ballard, Harlin said. Stand by.
Copy that.
Harlin brought the PAV to a halt, dismounted, and wished hed had more time in his warrant officer training simulation that had taught him tracking and sign analysis. He stepped over the patch of moss where the casing lay. He looked at possible trajectories or direction of bullet fire. He saw scrapes in the tree bark: small pressure marks from weight being pushed into the trunk. Harlin crouched for a closer look. From the new position, the marks were shoulder height. He looked at the scar pattern then looked at his shoulder. They matched the shoulder armor plate. Harlin put his arms up as if in firing position and placed his shoulder against the trunk. Now limited by body position Harlin narrowed the direction of bullet travel.
Thirty meters away, on the side of another tree trunk were black bullet impact marks. He walked over. At arms reach from the ground, were several fist sized blasts in the tree bark where the bullets had expanded on impact. One of the impact marks had debris inside; leaves, and a different color bark glued together by milky brown goo: congealing slunk blood. It wasnt recent enough to be close to Ballards time frame.
Report, Ballard was engaged by slunks, Harlin said.
Understood, Javier said from over head. Any sign of humans?
Im determining direction of ground motion, standby. 
There wasnt any human sign other than the bullet casings. The root covering ground was as efficient at leaving foot prints behind as rock. Harlin went back to the casings. Harlin checked the surrounding area for more. It was the proverbial bread crumb trail in the woods. He went back to the PAV, mounted, and flew slow over the ground and followed the trail. Soon, he came across an empty magazine. The trail would weave right and left, but it was clear that Ballard was moving toward something. He modified his GPS and tracked his progress, and then calculated the forward motion of the soldiers. 
RSBT 0855 do you see anything bearing forty degrees?
Negative, the copilot said.
I have a general direction of travel, scout the area forward of my position and Ill continue on this general heading.
Copy that.
Harlin looked up and saw the RSBT boost its engines and gain ground. He didnt want to lose contact with the osprey, so he accelerated to stay closer. He also wanted to maintain good visual on any sign that might be lying behind. He saw destroyed pockets of foliage which were grenade blast zones. The detonations were large enough to create a blast radius affecting trees as far as fifty meters away. Still no slunk remains, no human sign other than damage to the jungle, and no activity on the comm or within motion tracking range.
Hopper, said the pilot. We have heat signature forty-six degrees.
Ballard?
Negative, it may be the osprey. There is no response to any of our comm requests.
Understood, Im on my way.
Harlin abandoned the trail, boosted his engines, broke canopy and made the quick flight to the RSBT location. The terrain changed to look the same as those areas of the planet hed already been, which had odd rock formations hed seen in other areas. The trees still dominated the rock features, but there was more open space and more clearings. 
Chief I have eyes on the osprey, the copilot said. Its ditched in the trees and covered, but I can see the tail.
Understood; Im almost at your position, Harlin said. Keep altitude and standby.
Harlin came under RSBT 0855 and dropped into the canopy. At the same time he had several hits on the motion trackers. He fired a few rounds from the pursuit guns and plowed a road should any slunks be in the way. On approach to the crash site he noticed that the downed ospreys starboard turbine was nearly severed from the fuselage. The craft hadnt stabbed the ground as the previous RSBT crash, but the damage was much more severe. Its armor was smashed in several places along the sides, trees were flattened and battered by its decent and broken branches and leaves were scattered everywhere. 
0855, fire a perimeter line and keep the slunks at bay. I need time to examine the crash site. Harlin pulled the PAV to a halt for dismount.
Understood, said Javier.
Harlin approached the downed craft while the twenty millimeter Vulcan cannons on the RSBT overhead spat cover fire into the forest. As he got closer, he saw shattered cockpit glass on the jungle floor, and no sign of the pilot or copilot. He jumped in the side entrance. The forward passenger compartment was ransacked. The spare ammunition canisters were all opened, and the weapons locker was empty. Ballard must have come to resupply. The medical kits were missing as was the emergency pack. Ballard, or the RSBT crew, looked desperate to get out and away. The rear main hold still had the MTAV inside. Ballard probably would have driven that had he some way of getting it out, but the rear of the osprey was smashed into the ground having taken the brunt of the initial impact. The MTAV looked damaged anyway.
0855, contact command if you can, and report. They may want to send in a vulture to pick it up, Harlin said. I have evidence that the crew and or Ballard may still be alive. They have taken gear from the RSBT. Im going to try and find a trail.
Understood.
Harlin walked back outside and scanned the ground for bullet casings, magazines, any foot prints, or sign. He switched to infrared. Whoa, he said startled at seeing an entirely new terrain.
Heat signatures dotted the entire area around the RSBT. There had been heavy activity here recently. Heat lines looked drawn across tree trunks, across roots, bushes, and exposed rock. Switching out of infrared, he took closer looks at some of these lines. In visible light it was blood: human and red. 
0855, report to command that we have injured, said Harlin.
Negative sir, we are out of contact with command, Fisker said. Gesore too, is not responding.
Understood, I may be close to Ballard; stand by.
The blood trail increased in volume and soon, Hopper was standing above a human body. It was one of the RSBT crew. He was face down in the mud with his head turned to the side. The helmet had been torn off, beaten and damaged, and the back of his base armor was unzipped and bloody. The eyes were eaten out, and down his open back were claw marks and evidence of bit and ripped flesh. It was fresh. Harlin may have frightened off the dinner party.
RSBT 0855, I have a body. Looks the like the slunks found a way around the armor, said Harlin. Im marking the location and continuing. 
Copy that, we have your location tagged; carry on.
Harlin found evidence of ground movement through the foliage; branches were snapped and the grass was disturbed. He knew he was closer; infrared still showed high thermals in the disturbed foliage. Ballard may not be far away; he could be attempting to continue with the mission, or he might be looking for high ground for defense against the slunks. This scenario reminded Harlin of the assimilatus simulation. 
RSBT take heading two-fifty and check for any rocky or elevated terrain, said Harlin, rushing back to the PAV for faster travel.
Chief, we have a small rocky gorge twenty marks from your current position on bearing two-five-zero.
I copy, good work. 
Be advised we have motion all over.
Any contacts?
Negative, Javier said. No comm chatter.
He was within motion tracking of the location the RSBT relayed, the PDS, and the PAV displays looked more like a light show. The motion locking system was honing in on several locations, and as Harlin moved past, he couldnt see the difference between slunk and scenery. The rocks emerged from the jungle floor, and continued to climb until they challenged the canopy. Harlin saw the same geometric angles and formations as he had before. Their tall and weathered surfaces were scared with missing chunks, grown over with vines, and topped with towering trees.
Ballard do you copy, Harlin said, hoping he was finally close enough to make contact. RSBT 0855, maintain a perimeter and watch for slunk activity.
Understood.
Harlin searched the rocky gorge. He flew into tributaries; some led to rock wall collapses or overgrown jungle. He spent so much time watching for clues, he almost missed the new life signs appear on his PDS. A second later he heard a familiar sound: the clacking of weapons fire. 
Chief, weve picked up weapons fire due east north east, Fisker said. 
From his position between the rocks Harlin saw the RSBT fly in the direction of the sound. Harlin followed and was lead to a narrow side gorge that had a large rock pile covered in foliage and overgrowth. For a few seconds there was motion, but on approach the motion vanished into the trees. Harlin shot the tree line with a burst to hopefully keep the slunks at bay. He stopped the PAV, dismounted, and brought his SMG to bear. There was no visual on targets, so he looked around the area and found bullet scars on the rocks and burn marks from grenades. The surrounding area was spattered with red and brown blood stains.
Ballard come in, Harlin said, sweeping the area with the SMG. There were no visible threats; but that didnt mean slunks werent watching him. Harlin realized the comm may still be inoperable even this close, so he activated his external speaker and yelled. Ballard do you copy?
His voice echoed off the rock wall canyons. He turned a corner and peered down one of several human sized rectangle gaps in the rock wall. These caves had to have been made by tools. He stepped closer and examined them. Before he could make any conclusions, he heard a few metallic clicks and saw a fist sized object bounce from the caves into the light. It was a grenade. Harlin didnt have time or anywhere to duck, he scrambled to the grenade, picked it up, and threw it as hard as he could. He ducked for cover, and prayed his armor was good enough. The percussion of the grenade hit Harlin hard enough to take the wind out of him. He managed to throw it about ten or fifteen meters before it detonated. The shrapnel and debris caused minor damage to his back plate. Harlin got back on his feet and came toward the hole again.
Hold your fire! Harlin said as loud as he could. I am First Warrant Officer Harlin.
He stepped inside the cave, and the ceiling opened up two meters above him. The floor was littered with rock debris, roots, and leaves. The interior wall was four meters from the exterior. Harlin held his SMG up, and switched to infrared optics. Harlin noticed markings on the wall just above the largest entrance. He had to take a second look. He knew the symbols. He knew them as real and as sure as any symbols or markings. They were letters: letters of the human alphabet. Letters he had learned years ago before his first year of primary school: e, x, i, t.
What the trit is this place. He didnt think communication was miraculously back, but he thought it was worth a try. RSBT 0855 do you copy?
Without a response, Harlin walked further into the cavern; he wasnt sure it was a cavern any more. There was dust, rocks, blown in leaves, and chunks of ceiling covering everything. The farther in he went the more recognizable objects became. Walls, doorways, arches, remains of furniture, and dcor. He felt hed wandered into a random simulation or a dream.
In this state of awe, being taken by surprise was easy; a figure darted from a corner and fired its weapon. Harlin was hit in the shoulder armor plate, and ducked into a door way. Hold your fire! Ballard is that you?
The bullets stopped, and Harlin heard the familiar click that accompanied an empty magazine. He knew he had to move now before the attacker had a chance to reload. He came out running at the direction the bullets came. His charge on the figure startled it into submission, and when Harlin came to the point of tackling it, and wrestling him into submission the figure coward in a terrified crumple. Harlin abandoned his aggressive approach, and took time to examine who he had found. It was one of the RSBT crewman not Chief Ballard. The man huddled in the corner like a wounded animal. He had dropped the assault rifle and was weeping inside his helmet. His base armor was holding together but the weave had been torn in a few places. His helmet visor was cracked and probably malfunctioning. He was shaking from head to foot as if he was suffering from hypothermia. 
Harlin flung his SMG over his shoulder and knelt beside him to look in his eyes. Pilot, are you injured? he asked. The man groped at the wall as if to get away from him. He grabbed his arms and pulled him to look him in the eye? Pilot!
The man calmed down from convulsions to trembling. He saw Harlins eyes and face through his visor. The conformation to the pilot that he was not a slunk was probably the most relief the man had received in the past hours. 
Pilot, can you hear me? Harlin asked. 
His nod was subtle. 
Are you injured?
He shook his head with more vigor than his nod, but he didnt stop.
Okay, okay, relax, your helmet is damaged, I cant get your comm back online; Im sorry I dont know your name, Harlin said. But I am going to get you out of here. Do you know where Ballard is?
The man looked horrified with the name and with trembling finger pointed at the AR lying next to him.
Thats Ballard weapon, said Harlin. Okay, okay, take it easy. Follow me.
Harlin picked up the rifle, stood, and pulled the man to his feet. He placed his left hand on his right shoulder. The pilot gripped it tight and Harlin was certain he wouldnt let go. Harlin checked the assault rifle. It was functional, even though the sights were smashed. He unclipped the optics and left them, dropped the empty magazine, pulled a spare clip from his vest pocket, and reloaded the gun. Once the action was pulled back, he placed it at firing position and walked for the entrance. 
On the way out, Harlin noticed several more features of the building. This could be the settlement where the slunks, or humans, originally lived. The structure could have been carved out of the rock, or could have been grown over by hundreds of anders of jungle infestation. Harlin was curious to explore the rest of the building but he had priorities.  
Once in the open air, Harlin placed the pilot by the rock wall on their right and loaded his pistol with flares. When RSBT 0855 saw the streak of red in the sky, it came down on his position. Injured or not, this pilot needed serious psychiatric therapy. Despite the mental skittishness the pilot displayed, he saw the osprey and relaxed his grip on Harlins shoulder. When in position Sergeant Dallasthe load officerdropped two lines from the deployment chute, and rappelled to the ground. He helped the pilot to the rope, hooked him up, and together they went up. Harlin mounted the PAV and was ready to continue the slunk trail to Ballard. 
Command has ordered a regrouping, Javier said. Theyre pulling us back.
What for, we still need to find Ballard, Harlin replied.
They said something about new orders, answered Javier.
Understood, said Harlin and flew his PAV up into the ospreys rear entrance. In less than two minutes, He and Sergeant Dallas secured PAV to the deck. Harlin didnt want to abandon Ballards body to the slunks, but if they had learned how to open their suits and bypass the armor, there was little he could do to prevent Ballard from being eaten. On the short flight back Sergeant Dallas told Harlin the pilots name was Daniel Carter, a Master Sergeant and wing commander for their same squadron, and the body, Carters copilot was Tech Sergeant Zagorinsky. Harlin knew what it was like to have a comrade killed in action. He knew that more than many soldiers in the IMF. 
Once onboard the Porthos, Harlin had no protocol for a not injured mentally  traumatized soldier so the medics didnt come, and Carter couldnt go back to the barracks in his condition. So Harlin escorted him through decontamination. Despite the paranoid state, Carter was improving. These were all solid and memorable duties for any soldier or pilot; he was safe here, and he sensed that. When both were cleared for ship entry, Harlin took him to the infirmary where the doctors were briefed on Carters condition and they began working through his PTSD and physical side effects.
To Harlins surprise, Takuma joined him in the infirmary to see and speak with Carter. For some reason Carter opened up to Takuma: something with which Harlin and the other doctors had failed. Takuma walked out of the recovery room where Carter was being looked after. Carter said he and Ballard found something in the rocks, he said. Do you know what hes talking about?
Yes sir, said Harlin. I tracked Carter to a cavern. I noticed the cavern walls had writing.
What kind of writing?
Human sir.
Like ancient human, a foreign language?
No, I saw it read it and understood it.
What did it say?
It was an exit sign.
What do you make of it?
It supports Courtrights theory of other human colonies before they became chloro-sapiens sir.
Could you take a team back there?
Yes sir, the RSBT logged the coordinates. But that area is swarming with slunks. Wed have to go in force.
Understood, Ill make that known when I speak with command.
Sir, I dont think you understand; these slunks know how to take down an RSBT. Theyve done it twice. They know how to disarm a soldier, strip them of their armor, and they will eat them alive. I saw Chief Ballards record, he was a good soldier, but I found no trace of him. Theyve tasted human flesh, and as far as we know theyre the only species on the planet. If there are other animals they are either been invisible or these slunks have eaten them all. Now that there is a new item on the menu, theyll stop eating each other and start eating us.
I understand, Takuma said, considering the information. Tech Sergeant Zagorinsky and Ballards death are not going to come easy to command: especially because Porthos Battalion cannot afford to lose more than we already have.
Any success on the detection of the plasma radiation yet? Harlin asked.
None, Takuma said. And no success in modifying our gear either.
How are the other battle groups doing? asked Harlin.
Theyve had minor communication problems, but nowhere near the slunk problems. Weve apparently landed in a hive or something.
Lucky us.
We can expect the slunks to come at us thicker and more aggressive. From what Dr. Courtright and her team have told me, these slunks have great range, are culturally minded, and could be spreading their knowledge to other social groups.
Have the PDS modifications been made yet?
We have a few techs working on that. We should have results by tomorrow. Takuma said stepping onto the waiting elevator. Coming?
Where?
Command briefing, Takuma said. Weve have new orders from command and we need to make assignments.
Sir, Id like to continue searching for Ballard. I know the odds are against him with the evidence Ive seen, but
Negative, Takuma said. Ive been ordered to give the assignment of finding Ballard to Chief Pike, and hell organize the force necessary for finding him. I have other places I need you, so Ive asked Pike to excuse you for my use. Contact him if you have any objections.
I have no objections, replied Harlin. I just dont want to leave Ballard or his body left to the slunks for appetizers.
I understand, Takuma said activating the elevator. So far, no one has had any luck, but you. Youre about the luckiest hum in IMF right now.
Harlin would have appreciated a break, however, at rare and difficult times such as these, he expected to be busy. The two third cut in gravity made moving across the planet surface easier, but after eighteen hoursa day and eight hourson an alien world fighting lightning fast and perfectly camouflaged slunks that had a taste for human flesh and a nasty habit of being smarter than the average species while dressed in the same suit without a wash or a meal was starting to take its toll. He would have loved a bite to eat, and he would have relished a shower, but at least his suit kept the smell away. So far hed brought in two bodies for autopsy, been shot at, grenaded, covered hundreds of kilometers of jungle and rock, discovered an abandoned slunk cave, and added another first slunk kill to his belt. How much more would he have to do to earn that shower?

CHAPTER 17: ONCE MORE UNTO THE BREACH

ATTENTION EVERYONE, TAKUMA SAID TO START THE BRIEFING. HE HAD TAKEN Harlin to a secondary briefing room without delay, and there were several officers already waiting for them. Takuma was who they waited.   Command has been updated on our situation, and Ive been updated on the situation of the entire army. Our events are relatively unique to us and only the handful of battle groups deployed around the planets equatorial regions. So far fifteen MCPs have reported comm disruption and eight have had interactions with the near invisible slunk population. Odyssey Battalion has lost an RSBT in similar fashion as ours. Since our time here has only increased slunk aggression, we can expect the danger to increase; and because of the flight danger, command has issued an altitude restriction of a hundred meters and all landing craft must have first cleared LZ by ground teams.
This new announcement caused a small stir in the ranks, and Commander Green nodded his approval.   
The trend discovered with our communication anomalies is as Officer Harlin suggested, Kentra continued. That the communication disruption is coming from near or around the planets equatorial axis. Since none of the MCPs deployed to the Polar Regionsnorth or southare reporting no communication interferences and no slunk contacts, our orders and actions have been deemed unit specific. How we handle the situation from here on out is ours to determine.
Sir, what about the structures? Tarquinii asked.
Command believes there will be many more early human settlements upon further investigation of our mineral deposit sites. One of our directives from command is to provide personnel protection for anthropologists coming from Gesore to join with ours in doing research. They strongly believe in our biologist theories that these slunks may offer some connection to the human structures.
Sir, why does command have so much interest in these slunks?  Green asked.
DNA analysis shows they are a near match to humans, Takuma revealed. They want a further study done to know exactly how that happened. Takuma also activated the projector and showed them images none of them had seen before. Also, reconnaissance drones have mapped the large portions of P326Us surface, and also the neighboring planet being designated P326B, and they have found some interesting mineral deposits.
The projection showed a topographic map of isolated areas in of both planets. The curious part of this image was the odd mineral deposits that ran criss-cross in a grid pattern. It was a pattern Harlin was trying to make out while limited to the surface and only a few hundred meters altitude. Now from orbit the image were clearer and he knew exactly what he wanted to see before.
What are these lines? asked Major Tarquini.
Streets and buildings, Harlin said. He realized only after they looked at him that his thinking had been vocalized. 
The long narrow lines have been identified as large deposits of calcium, silicon, aluminum, sulfates, and other trace elements; its similar to the older form of rock composite known as concrete. Takuma waited for the murmuring to pass. They speculate that the refined mineral deposits are structures. As wild as it sounds, command is under the impressionor assumptionthese grids and the geometric shapes weve found all over the surface of P326U have, some kind of origin significance.
Origin significance? Kajo asked.
There are three theories on the table, Takuma said to end any doubt or confusion before it spread beyond the command staff of the Porthos. First and most improbable, is that were at a birth place of humanity prior to Sol system habitation: an origin type location from which humans and perhaps a number of other species have evolved. It supports the DNA and a few other pieces, but personally I dont know what to think of that idea. Another even more radical proposition made was that weve made a complete circle and were seeing the Sol system and our faster than light travel, in conjunction to other factors has brought us home several millennia after the primary human race went extinct. Given the planets configuration, no remaining technology, lack of ruins and other space installations, not to mention the high percentage of stellar position error, that hypothesis is by farthest from the truth. The final theory, and the one most likely to be accurate, was suggested by Dr. Courtright our field biologist; that is this could be a former Earth colony system. Its likely that in our absence, other missions for colonization were in effect. This colony could have suffered from a plague or epidemic; thus the colonies were abandoned. It explains the structural patterns as well as human hybrid slunk population, and the lettering Hopper found within the structures. This is also the primary theory to which command has patterned their directives.  
Harlin heard comments and murmurs originate from the ideas that Takuma unveiled before them. He had nothing to say, but was surprised the reaction this was having on others. The conversations among the officers ended abruptly when Takuma continued. 
Listen, Takuma said. I dont have time to debate with any of you the validity of any of the claims made by command as to the true purpose or use of this planet. That is their problem to solve and we have our own. Our first priority is to locate and determine the origin of our communication interference. Officer Harlin has been working this with the tech groups, and will be given charge over any outbound mission in regards to this objective. Our second directive is to investigate the remains of the structures hidden beneath the surface. Tarquinii, deploy Lima Squadron and your cavalry with Chief Menesai to the sight Chief Harlin found in the ruins two-hundred and thirty-five kilometers to the east south east. Create a perimeter to discourage any slunks from wanting second helpings. When the area is secure, Senior Warrant Officer Pike will land his Phoenix and drop off the scientists from Gesore and continue with his mission to locate Ballard.
Kajo, Winthrop had the scouting op, so well hold off on your deployment. However, have soldiers ready for deployment should Chief Harlin request assistance. Takuma turned back to the general staff. We are not going to run any unnecessary op until we can ensure flawless communication and protection against the slunks. Understood? There was no question or commentary. Carry on.
Kajo walked to the elevator with Harlin. As they walked, she put her arm over his suits back plate armor. Youre fitting in nicely with the big players. Have any ideas of how youre going to put Porthos Battalion back in the good graces of the colonel? I know Takuma likes having you make him look good.
Im going to need two patrols from Winthrop to assist in my orders, Harlin said. I cant use my warrant officer patrols, because I dont know them and Chief Pike has them all employed doing his operations. Besides, there has to be some unlucky hums who would rather be tromping around a jungle than sitting eating mashed cyntato all day.
You have big plans for my soldiers? Kajo asked, but with a sarcastic and speculative sideways glance. 
More eyes and heads will make it easier. Harlin said. Ill have to revert to old school hand signals but I think I can figure out how to locate the source of our problems. Do you know anyone who wants to risk their guts for glory?
I think I can find some willing unlucky bastards to volunteer. Kajo smiled. The elevator stopped for Kajo. Do you want me to round them up for you?
have them report to me on the Tiki First Platoon loading platform in three burks, Harlin said. 
Theyll meet you there.
Kajo left him and walked toward the barracks. Harlin continued to ride the elevator until it would deposit him at the nearest airlock access to the flight deck. When he arrived he stepped up to the weapons lockers and entered his name and code. The lockers jostled positions until his locker arrived. It took him a few minutes to retrieve his gear, but after donning his weapons, he stepped through the air lock, fitted and sealed his helmet, and waited while the airlock depressurized. While he waited, he accessed his warrant officer functions through his PDS and under the command function titled inventory listings. He pulled up the request forms and began scrolling through the gear and weapons lists for what he would need. So far, all he needed were two ospreys and the basic troop resupply package. When the airlock finished its cycle, he had finished his order.
Walking onto the launch deck via the smaller airlock gave Harlin a view as impressive as his first look at P321D: his first planetary deployment. Outside the great open launch tunnel, he saw the jungle stretching out like an ocean of green over the distant mountains and the horizon. His momentary relaxation was interrupted with the reply to his request for vehicles and gear notification on his PDS. Had been assigned RSBTs 4011 and 4412. RSBT 4011 was the same osprey that transported Tiki Squadron First Platoon piloted by Shan and Perez with their load master Staff Sergeant Sorensen; the same crew that would have the now promoted Major Bjorn. The other RSBT, 4412, was Tiki Squadron Second Platoon manned by Hartford, Vicencio, and Cabrerra. They had been his old shuttle crew, but now flew Master Sergeant Dean now that he was Tiki Second Platoon.
Harlin was able to access a comm system link to the pilots and he relayed his orders and his plan to the pilots Hartford and Shan while they waited for the infantry Kajo was sending.  When the elevator arrived from the company briefing room, Harlin turned to see who had accepted the mission. It was no surprise when Harlin saw members of Tiki and Rico soldiers walking toward him. First to off load was Master Sergeant Akiona and her soldiers from Rico Squadron: Admin, Labdouni, Gorn, and ONeil: all but unfortunate Orton. Behind her was Dean with his old patrol: Levy and Juhxin and two spanks. Harlin wasnt surprised actually. Kajo probably asked for volunteers. 
Sir, Akiona said walking up.
Hopper, said Dean. These two spanks are Privates Durtschi and Markle.
Load the RSBTs, Harlin said. Akionas patrol load RSBT 4011, and Drummers on RSBT 4412.  Harlin ensured the RSBT crews could hear him. Harford, Shan, once were on, were in the air.
Copy that, Hartford said. 
Understood, said Shan.
Weve got some distance to cover today, Harlin said. He loaded with Akiona on RSBT 4011.
As soon as the load officers gave the clear for takeoff, the RSBTs lifted off the deck, and flew out the gapping launch doors. Harlin double checked his PDS to verify every member of Winthrop Company, both Tiki and Rico Squadron were listed in the personnel file under his command. He double checked that the comms were working properly and all health monitors were relaying accurate information. With all the trouble hed had with visor malfunctions and anomalies, he didnt want to start out on a silent mission with operational errors. He did some quick reading of the spanks, and review of the team. He was happy to have soldiers he knew. 
Okay everyone, listen up before we lose our comm, Harlin said. He made sure to include the RSBT crews who had already heard his plan, but were now hearing the review. Command has given me authorization to employ whatever means to discover the source of the comm disruption and make it stop by either figuring away around it, disabling it, or destroy it.
How? Drummer asked. We dont even know what were looking for.
The communication problem increases the farther we are from each other, and the farther toward the planets equator we travel. Eventually the comm will be completely disrupted. If we travel due south and pass through the thickest part of the dark zone we will eventually regain comm. Were going to measure the time and distance between comm disruptions to pin point the exact latitude of the disruption source. Once latitude has been established well switch our tactics to determine longitude.
Thats going to take time, Corporal Levy said. 
You have somewhere to be Corporal? asked Harlin. 
Why not use drones or fighters?
When the AOSF squadrons were overhead, they were moving too fast to be affected by the comm interference for more than a few seconds, said Harlin. Same is true for the drones. In the RSBT we have more accuracy. Harlin hoped that answered her question. To help narrow our search, the ospreys will fly five hundred meters apart, and when we have disrupted comms well fly fifty meters closer together: continuing this process until we lose comms altogether. When that happens, well use hand signals between craft and external speakers between each other. If for any reason were separated, we use signal flares to notify each other of our location. Understood?
Yes, sir, came in from several people.
Pilots begin your flight pattern. It may take us a few hours, but Ill trade a couple of hours for clean comms for the rest of the occupation. 
Sir what do we do when we find the source? Akiona asked.
Well find out when we get there, he said. Harlin looked at the soldiers in the group. Admin, I want you to test comms clarity every five minutes, he ordered. Cabrerra and Sorensen, I want you directly hooked into the RSBT wired comm so you can relay instruction and commands to flight as we gain intel. The rest of you be glassing the jungle for any structure or anomaly obviously suspicious.
What kind of suspicious? asked Juhxin sitting on the port side of the RSBT.
Technology, non-natural structures, broadcasting towers, or signal arrays, Harlin said. Command says the APCU is not affected so the interference is electromagnetic, or possibly plasma radiation.

The orders and flight pattern were followed as Harlin outlined, and for five hours they flew over the jungle running sweeps and crossing their paths. Eventually the two RSBTs came so close they were as close as they could without bumping into each other. Dean and Akiona were transferring orders and information via hand signals between the ospreys, and the other members of the patrol were sitting and spotting from the RSBT entrances. Harlin was in the passenger area using his external speaker to talk with the copilot, Perez, who had lowered his chair to the entry position. The cockpit comms were wired to the RSBT so there was no interference between Perez and the pilot, Master Sergeant Shan. So far, they had passed over the same area three times, and had a good idea of the size of this darkest comm zone. 
Harlin heard the static of Admins comm check. ef do yopy? This meant helmet comms were coming back online. Akiona, he said and gave the signal to Akiona to turn around so she would signal Deans osprey. Vicencio turn us around, Harlin said. Make ready to drop. Once were deployed, continue to circle the area, and wait for our signal or flare to come and pick us up.
Akiona communicated the drop order to Dean, and Harlin and Sorenson prepped the passenger compartment for deployment. Within a burk they were hovering over an LZ in the center of the dark zone. Harlin hoped the slunk activity was thin in this region. They were hundreds of kilometers away from where he had recovered Sergeant Carter, and so far from the Porthos. They might as well be from another MCP at their distance. Out here at this distance, any flaw or mishap was bad news even with working comms. Regardless of what possibility they had of being swarmed by slunks, Harlin dropped a few grenades out of the RSBT deployment doors to clear the ground for them to land. 
Sir, Akiona said stepping in, Dean reports that he is ready for the drop.
Signal to go, Harlin said, Prep your team. Ill see you on the ground.
Harlin retrieved his SR from the weapons rack on the RSBT where hed stored it for the flight and latched his harness to the rope. He drew his SMG and jumped: bound for jungle terrain.  Once on the ground, Harlin swept the LZ for any sign of movement, but the motion tracker was clear. The debris and destruction from the two grenades was noticeable, but the jungle was much more impressive here. The blast damage wasnt as severe. The trees were taller and thicker, the roots as well. The cathedral like arches which supported the canopy stretched above him. The canopy was twice as high here as the other areas hed explored. Beams of light decorated the jungle foliage and floor with patches of bright green. This section of the jungle was significantly older than other areas Harlin had roamed. 
One hundred meters to his right, Harlin saw Dean and his patrol break through the canopy. On his motion tracker he saw their motion as green markers.  A few seconds later, Akiona and her team descended around Harlin. 
External speakers were still in use. Everyone make double time to Drummers location, Harlin said. On me.
The jungle here gave them more ground to stand on. It was still littered and lined with roots, but more debris, moss, and dirt created a more solid surface to move on. They quickly intercepted Deans patrol moving toward them.
Where to? asked Dean.
The dark zone center is south of our position, Harlin said. Keep everyone within sight, and look out for anything that might be unnatural. We can probably sweep this area within the day.
Anyone have contacts, call them out, Akiona said.
What do they look like? Private Markle asked, one of Deans spanks.
Theyre the only sticks with eyes, Dean replied. Deans patrol hadnt been into the slunks yet. Akionas had, Harlin was there when it happened.
Lets move, Harlin said and he took point.
After traveling near a kilometer, Harlins motion tracker pinged a slunk at two-hundred and eighty degrees and two hundred meters. He held up his fist and the entire train halted. He took out his sniper rifle and used the scope to zoom in on the jungle. Dean came forward and stood off Harlins left shoulder.
See anything, Dean whispered.
Got a hit, Harlin said.
How many?
Only one, and its still moving?
Which direction?
South, parallel to us.
I see it.
Yeah, said Harlin. He thought about what to do. Lets keep moving. Even if it knows were here, we cant risk splitting up.
Ill keep an eye on it, Dean said.
Harlin moved the group forward and kept leading. Levy joined him at the lead, holding a hand held device Harlin recognized as a palm scanner. Scanning for something?
Sir, Bjorn made me tech and reconnaissance, she said. I qualify to operate most of the field equipment anyway from being a former mole driver.
What have you found? he asked.
 Ive got an electromagnetic  reading at five degrees.
Can you tell what it is?
 Its an energy source, but Im not sure I believe what Im seeing.
Spit it out corporal.
You were right in your initial assumption that there was some kind of a plasma radiation, she said. The spectrum analysis indicates this is similar to radiation caused by a solar flare, but it is much weaker. Its fairly weak, so I know were close to the source.
Lets have a look, Harlin said and she held the hand computer so he could see. It was definitely a plasma pattern; hed seen these types of images and analysis growing up when his father would bring home work. What other intel can you give me about the area? Can you give me a bearing?
Best I can give you is that way, Levy said, pointing just to the right of their current course. I could give you terrain scans, if I could link with the RSBTs topographic scans.
Harlin looked to the entire group. Okay, lets modify our heading to five degrees, he said. Drummer, slunk update?
Nothing, motion stopped, Dean replied. Either lost interest or had other plans.
Move out, Harlin said. Levy on me.
The team moved quieter and swifter knowing they were close to the source. The jungle grew denser, and the trees grew three times taller than other areas. Lanes in the trees appeared: as if they were planted designated distances apart from each other. Once inside one of these lanes, they saw up and down the line several hundred meters in each direction. In front of them was a rock, or metal structure about two hundred meters south.
Levy? Harlin asked.
Thats got to be the source, she said.
Copy that. Move in, Akionas patrol take the lead, Harlin said. Double time.
With a burst of speed, the entire group surged forward on the structure. They moved in with weapons bared and ready for a fight at the slightest hint of trouble. At fifty meters, Harlin took several images of the structure. It was a cylinder building, perhaps thirty meters in diameter. The composition of the metal was similar to aluminum or titanium composite. Harlins first impression was like a spearhead stabbed up through the ground from some place below. There was definitely more to it under the surface of roots, but it didnt breach the canopy of the trees. Something told Harlin it was designed not to be visible from above. From the outside, they could see no discernable doors or entrances. 
Drummer the perimeter, Harlin said. Akiona find a way inside.
Dean ordered his group to sweep and scan the tree line a full three hundred and sixty degrees around the structure. Akiona and ONeil circled the structure looking for an entrance. Harlin stood by Levy who was experiencing difficulty with her palm-scanner. The structure looked hundreds of anders old. There was weathering on the surface metal, moss, and vines growing at its base, and even a scratch or two here and there. 
Sir, weve found what looks to be a weakened section of wall, but well have to blast our way in, Akiona said.
Make it just enough, Harlin ordered. We dont want to detonate anything sensitive inside.
While Akiona and ONeil rigged some blasting agent to the wall, Harlin waited with the others at a safe distance. The sharp burst ruptured the side wall of the structure and ONeil kicked in the metal door they had made for Akiona to charge through. ONeil followed behind, and Harlin ordered Durtschi and Markle to follow them in. Admin and Dean held the exterior. Harlin swapped his sniper rifle for his SMG, looked at Levy, and Labdouni and entered the building. Once inside the view changed dramatically.
Sir, are you seeing this? Akiona asked.
Im seeing it, Harlin said the moment he realized what he was looking at. 
The structure looked bigger on the inside. Down the center of the room was a column of light. It was a blue glow and looked as if it were water; except instead of flowing down, it flowed up. It disappeared into the ceiling: some kind of conductor. There was a spiral stairway built to the left of their made entrance leading into deeper sectors of the structure. Whatever they were in, they were at the top. Opposite the entrance of the door was a control board. There were human sized chairs, and familiar technology gleaming and activating. Monitors and hologram displays appeared. The script was written in the same language Harlin had discovered in the cavern.
Definitely some kind of plasma, Levy said, placing her scanner as close to the stream of energy as possible.
My father should be here, said Harlin almost inaudibly. 
Plasma burns at intense temperatures, Akiona said. Why are we safe this close?
Levy stepped closer. Its cold plasma: barely reaching three hundred degrees.
Cold plasma? Labdouni asked. I thought cold plasma was something for food processing.
This is very different, Harlin said. Biologic compounds known as plasma are very different than the state of matter known as plasma. Cold plasma is a state of matter; more specifically a form of matter that doesnt require intense temperatures or containment fields to produce.
I still dont get it, said Labdouni.
Youre parents arent scientists are they? Levy asked.
My dads a chef, he replied.
Matter exists in four states, Levy explained. Solid, liquid, gas, or plasma. Plasma is created when gas reaches such a pressure it fuses; usually this corresponds with extreme temperatures. Cold plasma occurs when certain elements reach high density to be plasmatic, but not at such extreme temperatures. Its still hot, just not nuclear.
Levy you can verify this is the source of our comms disruption? Harlin asked.
Absolutely, she said. This plasma stream is like a solar flare and is causing all types of electromagnetic radiation. If intensified, it could even fool the scanners.
Can you shut it down? he asked.
She stepped to the computer controls at the far side of the room. Okay this is just creepy.
What is it? Akiona asked stepping toward her. 
This script isnt alien, Levy said. Or else I can read alien.
Look at this monitor, said ONeil pointing to the control board. This looks like the planet were on.
Hopper why can we read this? Akiona asked.
He realized they hadnt been briefed on the intel he and the leaders had received from Takuma. Command thinks were on an abandoned Earth colony. I have no doubt well be searching this facility for evidence to help us contact other colonies near this system. 
Levy and the others looked as if they were slapped across the face, just as Takuma looked when Jane pitched him this idea in the captains briefing. Levy? Harlin asked. I want my comms working.
 She snapped out of her thoughts. Wont take me long to
Hopper, we have multiple contacts on the motion tracker and their closing, Dean said from the doorway. Id like more guns out here.
How many?
My screen is bleeding pretty bad.
Understood. Harlin looked at the others. Labdouni, and ONeil assist the master sergeant. Akiona and Levy, get that machine shut down or blow it up. I want my comm back online.
Harlin was last outside. When he arrived he saw spouts of yellow light shooting from the jungle and spraying the roots and trees Deans soldiers were using for cover. Dean had opened fire at the jungle with his heavy machine gunIrmabut had not visible target.
What the trit is all this? Harlin asked taking cover behind a tree trunk near Deans location.
I asked for assistance, and then this yellow gata came flying, Dean said.
Okay, focus a controlled burst in the direction of fire? Harlin ordered.
Its coming from everywhere sir, Admin said.
Pick one point of origin, said Harlin. Weapons free!
Dean was pushing rounds through the barrel at several a second. Admin was on his right and doing the same. 
Markle came to Harlins left behind brush. Sir, Levy says she cant access the plasma streams function from inside, he had to go down several levels where there is another terminal.
Tell her to forget it, Harlin said over the sound of automatic weapons fire. I dont want us splitting up. Tell Akiona to put a charge at the base of that plasma column and destroy it. We need comms more than we need that control room.
Understood, said Labdouni, and he was off for the structure to relay the orders. 
Harlin turned from his cover to analyze the direction of their attack. Durtschi and Markle were spouting shots off to the jungle on the right flank. Juhxin and Gorn were manning the left flank; he hated to admit they were surrounded. He didnt see any attackers, or any sign of them in the brush, trees, or even at the point their weapons fire became visible. One shot came in perfectly aimed and hit Markle in the chest. This yellow energy weapon spread around his chest, and sent him into convulsions. Finally he lost muscle control and fell to the ground.
Man down, Durtschi cried.
There were no medics in the group, but Harlin accessed the unit health monitors on his PDS. Markles heart was beating, and his vitals looked normal. The weapons werent lethal.
I thought you said these slunks werent technological? Dean yelled.
Dont ask me questions you know I cant answer, Harlin replied. He ducked from behind cover and burst a few rounds off. One bullet, or perhaps several, looked as if it hit a solid object. He ducked back into cover. Labdouni was hit in the shoulder and the same reaction took him. Sudden flanking came at the left and Admin was hit in the head. After the convulsions his helmet smoked. The burst probably fried his helmets systems. 
Levy came from the structure with Markle and joined the fight with some good controlled burst from her long rifle. Akiona is setting the charges now.
How big of a blast can we expect?
The structure should contain most of it, but I dont want to be close just the same.
Akiona burst from the door. Ive set a charge. It will blow in five minutes.
Fall back, Harlin ordered. Drag the wounded.
Harlin and Levy provided cover fire at the right flank while the others took the wounded to cover. Harlin reloaded and pulled two grenades from his vest. He twisted their caps clockwise and tossed one to the left and one straight ahead. Their detonation gave the team more cover. He finally joined the rest of the team as they were rushing into dense jungle. Dean was hit in the back by a blast and he collapsed to the ground dropping the already stunned Admin.
Cover fire, Harlin said. He ran back to each, grabbed their arms, and pulled them into the tree line. 
The team huddled against roots, and were taking turns shooting at the origins of their attackers. 
Sir, these arent the same slunks, Levy said.
How do you know? Harlin asked.
Im just saying, perhaps we tinkered with the wrong technology. That control room could be more than a signal jammer; it could be a shield generator, or any type of EM field generator. Who knows? She popped up and took more shots, then hunkered back down to reload. These slunks didnt attack until we got inside. This is obviously something important to them.
They dont mind us landing our ships and taking
The charge in the structure detonated, and the secondary plasma blast blew out the door and the roof. The remaining active soldiers ducked for cover from debris. The canopy took the damage and protected them. The yellow blasts halted for a minute. Harlin was about to call another fall back order while they werent under fire, but that was short lived.
Levy, we have comms? Harlin asked. 
Affirmative.
Then get those ospreys back down here for support. Harlin took more shots at the jungle from where their attackers were coming. He switched his optics to infrared just to see if these slunks were different.
Among the colder trees and jungle brush were bright red blotches. He didnt have time to accurately break down their anatomy, but these were definitely not the same slunks. He tossed his SMG to the side, pulled out his SR and with his scope sync working, started from his left and moved inward. He aimed for what he assumed would be the head, and fired one shot at each red blob on the infrared. Each shot was a hit. Durtschi was hit in the shoulder and fell unconscious. The slunks had learned they were visible and took cover.
Command this is First Warrant Officer Harlin do you copy? Harlin said. He had to report this before he couldnt.
Go ahead Harlin, this is Demke, he said. 
Before he could reply to Demke, Harlin felt his entire body go numb, his head filled with a tingly sensation, and his joints and muscles gave up. He heard Demkes voice in his ear yelling his name. His voice slowly slipped into a sound similar to underwater gibberish gently drifting away. He saw Levys mouth moving inside her helmet, but he couldnt hear her either. She looked over at him, and then took a few more shots. His eyes felt as if they were seeing through fog and the last sight to pass before him was a flash of yellow where Levy had been.
To be continued

A full copy of The Linchpin (all three parts) in paperback including appendixes is available online at www.lulu.com.

More titles in the Future of the Earth series coming soon

The Derelict

The Warmonger

The Harbinger

