


The Alien Spacecraft
by Stephen Brandon

Copyright 2014 Stephen Brandon 
Smashwords Edition

* * * * * * * * * *

Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer.  Thank you for your support.  

* * * * * * * * * *


Author's Note 

This book is a work of fiction.  All characters, organizations, incidents, and dialogue are from the authors imagination or used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or other persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.  Real and fictional locations are used for background only.  

* * * * * * * * * *



Table of Contents (ToC)

Chapter 1  The Modular Spacecraft 
Chapter 2  The Anomaly 
Chapter 3  Where are we? 
Chapter 4  Hanna Hope Hill
Chapter 5  Venu letters
Chapter 6  Alien Data File 
Chapter 7  The Briefing 
Chapter 8  Shemeka's Squadron 
Chapter 9  The Contractor 
  Miner 2 logs 
  Miner 1 log 
About Stephen Brandon 
Other books by this author 
Connect with Stephen Brandon 

* * * * * * * * * *



Chapter 1  The Modular Spacecraft

Captain, it's been spotted.  It's at the edge of our radar.  It's going to take us at least a day to get to it, but it's a solid reflection. 
Navigator, do you have a visual on the target yet.  
No Sir, since the first view it's been hidden by asteroids.  The radar plots from Mars should give us the exact location.  All we got to do is keep from getting squashed by an asteroid.  The instability of this section of the belt is what got them looking in the first place.  
Navigator to Captain,  I've got a visual, lock on it, 2000 yards and it's definitely a spacecraft of some sort, but not one of ours.  
Pilot, circle the target so we can get pictures and as soon as communications verify data transmission bring us to 0 relative at 200 yards. 
Sir, the scientist detected oxygen, hydrogen, and water vapor venting from the rear section just forward of where the rocket exhaust nozzles are.  They recommend we move further away until it all vents.  
Negative.  Get the rescue crew suited up along with two from the engineering section.  I want that spacecraft boarded and those leaks plugged.  Tell them to be extra careful, I want it intact!  What else can the scientist tell me from the visual.  
Well Sir, they think it is built from modules.  They say that hull pitting is different from front to rear.  The center section is the most pitted and the framework built out from the nosecone is least pitted.  There appears to be a sharp division in pitting levels.  
Sir the maintenance crew is ready to enter.  
Put them on speaker.
John, what does this hatch look like?  
Damn, it looks like a dogged hatch off of a sub.  I just can't figure out why it is sticking out from the hull ten feet.  I'm going to fasten off to the loop beside the hatch before giving the wheel a twist.  I suggest you tie off to the next loop forward of that seam.  Toss me your other line so I can double up.  
Al to Captain, we're secure and starting to open the hatch.  There is a seam running all the way around the ship just forward of the hatch.  I'm assuming that this is the hatch to the engineering section.  
As Al gave the hatch wheel a turn one of the lugs broke.  The hatch started venting so he unclipped his line and hollered, John pull me in.
John jerked on the safety line and then the hatch blew open.  It pivoted on its hinge and slammed into the hull an then bounced back toward the gasses venting from the airlock.  They were jerked to the end of the safety lines and started drifting back toward the hull just as the rescue crew radioed.  Is anyone hurt back there.  The whole ship just jumped up and slammed into us.  We have some injures, but can help before returning to the ship.  
We're good, but we can help.  Do you require assistance.  
No, just stop the gasses venting before it blows.  
Gee, thanks for reminding us that were sitting on a bomb.  Out.  
Al, reel me in slowly, I don't want to use my jets.  OK, I'm going to jump up to the hatch, put a little tension on the line.  Got the edge, fastening off.  No gas pressure against my hand over the open hatch.  Give me some slack, I'm going to work my way around and secure the hatch so it doesn't close on us.  Hatch secure, but the airlock is partially blocked by what looks like the interior hatch.  It may have been open and the pressure release jammed it through its frame.  It looks like it cracked and then bent.  
Captain to maintenance crew, if you can't get in that way we spotted a hatch on the opposite side about fifty feet forward.  Be careful when you open it.  Leave all hatches open for any gasses to vent.  
John to Captain, This is a living module, there are three bodies floating and they look human.  We are going to secure them before opening the hatch going back toward the engine compartment.  Since there was no atmosphere in here and what looks like dark ice floating, I guess they died of explosive decompression.  Headed toward the rear inside hatch.  
John, look at this.  This hatch is surrounded by storage compartments that are about five feet deep.  Bet you a biscuit to a bucket of donuts that this is also an airlock.  
No one would put an airlock in the middle of a spacecraft.  You're on!  
OK, Al, you win. Get that bottom hatch open.  John to Captain, we have partial confirmation that the this spacecraft is built in modules.  Half way down the interior airlock was what looked like a rubber seal all the way around.  Entering engine section now.  
John, look at the color codes and symbols on these tanks.  That hydrogen, those are oxygen, and that one that's split has water written on it.  I'll start with this one.  It has a valve handle right up against the tank.  Hopefully if we close all the valves we'll solve the leaks.  
John to Captain, we think we have all the leaks shut off.  We're going to check the hull before returning to the ship.  
John, look here, These are bolts and they run through this spacer.  I'll bet a biscuit to another bucket of donuts that if we unbolted them all the way around the ship we could detach the engine compartment.  
I'm not going to loose another bet, I think I'll check forward and then head back.  
Spoil sport.  Inside those storage compartments inside I think I saw wrenches.  Lets check forward and then get out of these suits.  I need a shower and some coffee to go with the donuts I've won today.  
Captain, this is Al.  We've found another spacer and bolts going around the ship.  John is checking the most forward spacer where the beams bolt onto the forward module.  He just gave me a thumbs up confirming it.  Returning to ship now.  
At the debriefing John showed the Captain some pictures he took of the spacers and bolts.  He pointed out the markings on the bolts and nuts.  These are all 1 1/2 inch bolts with six lines on the head.  The nuts that I could identify all had six dots stamped in them.  I found two bolts and nuts that had 8 stamped on them.  From what I remember numbers were stamped on bolts and nuts used in Europe before the nuclear war back in the fifty's.  I'm going to make a wild ass guess that this spacecraft was a joint venture between two countries or corporations.  
John, the Captain said, Your wild ass guess may be closer to the truth than you know.  Six months ago there was a radiation wave that originated from the asteroid belt.  After triangulating the location the radio telescope on the moon picked up a faint transmission in English.  They were calling a base called Wonderland.  They mentioned a nuclear explosion in the belt that originated from a UN spacecraft.  The report I was given stated that the voice was weak and they assume it was on a loop because it kept repeating until it died out.  You have confirmed that the spacecraft was built in modular form.  There have not been any spacecraft built in this modular form launched from Earth.  The other strange fact is that two asteroids exiting the belt were identified and they are still in their original orbits.  The astrophysicist from every major university positively identified two of the asteroids.  The astronomers from five countries and the moon theorize that there was a tear in the fabric of space that let those asteroids through.  Since this spacecraft isn't from our Earth and the language was English and you have pictures verifying English language labeling and the bolts and nuts are marked in the manner of our Earths manufacturing standards the only possible conclusion is science fiction.  Somehow this spacecraft and those asteroids entered our space or dimension from another dimension.  After a rest period, you two will take a crew and supervise unbolting the engineering section from that spacecraft so we can move it to a safer location.  Then I want a 100% inventory and in your report I want that engineering section described down to the scuff marks on the deck.  If you have to dissemble anything make sure you have enough data to build another one from scratch.  There may be another ship out to recover it, but it will be reproduced back on Mars.  
Sir, I saw several items floating loose with the bodies.  I suggest that you send someone over to retrieve in immediately.  I think it might have been a portable computer.  It was open about 90 degrees and had what looked like a monitor and the other half had a keyboard.  If it is a portable computer it is more advanced than the ones we have because each section was about an inch thick.  
Captain to navigator, get down to the briefing room now and bring someone from communications with you.  
Yes Sir.  
You two will suit up and go over to the alien spacecraft and retrieve something for me.  John will describe it.  After you secure it take as many pictures as you can of the interior including the bodies.  I am especially interested in any electronic equipment in the middle section of the spacecraft.  Do not enter either the forward or rear sections.  The rear engineering section still has propellant leaks and the front section hasn't been cleared yet.  

* ToC *

Chapter 2  The Anomaly

It took a whole day for the scientist in collaboration with the chief engineer to figure out the exact voltages that the battery from the portable computer generated.  After rigging a power supply to it they tried several configurations of cabling before finding the correct configuration to access its hard drive.  
The Captain decided to hold the data downloaded from the portable computer until the front module was analyzed.  There were several more computers there and they were all downloaded to disk. 
On the 23 day at the target the Captain received a message from the moon.  They described the loss of view of several stars.  Also the fact that the asteroids they'd been tracking had disappeared.  One was under direct observation by a science ship that had plans to land on it.  They described a UV corona abound the asteroid just before it disappeared.  
The Captain immediately called the science lab and told them to check all items brought over from the alien spacecraft for UV radiation and take UV photographs immediately.  
After he got a report back from them he ordered all items brought over returned to the alien spacecraft immediately.  The doctor demanded that he be allowed to keep the autopsy samples he'd removed from the bodies.  Then the captain announced over the ship-wide intercom and radio system that the moon and a science ship observed the asteroids vanish after exhibiting a UV corona.  There theory was that the objects that entered our dimension were being sucked back to where they originated from.  If that is true then any object from that spacecraft on our ship presents a danger to our ship and lives.  Immediately transfer all items and samples back to that ship and place them inside it.  Anything that might have been contaminated by items from that spacecraft will be jettisoned.  Doctor that means the fluids you put your samples in.  
Three hours later the Captain ordered two data rockets launched containing all the discovered data, reports, and pictures on different trajectories back to Mars.  Four hours later the Captain ordered the pilot to get the ship underway.  He then told the communications section to establish contact with Earth and Mars and any ship within communications range.  They were to request that all radar and telescopes be aimed in his direction and any anomalies to the asteroid belt or space reported immediately.  
Less than 30 minutes later Phobos telescope reported that the ship had a UV corona on one side.  
After consulting with the chief engineer they came to the conclusion that the gasses that escaped from the alien spacecraft must have attached to the hull of his ship.  
On the ship wide intercom the Captain told the crew the situation.  He then instructed everyone to put on their spacesuits.  They could carry their helmets and gloves, but they must be prepared to put on their helmets at a moments notice.  Now if the anomaly they've spotted starts approaching, engineering will pump all the atmosphere out of the ship if time permits.  If not they will vent it.  I don't want anyone sucked out of the ship if the hull ruptures.  Everyone will have their suits checked by the science team to ensure they don't show UV radiation.  Anyone's suit that does must report to the lifeboat and leave their suit outside in the corridor.  He then ordered the scientist after they had suited up to check every compartment for any UV radiation concentrations and report all to the bridge.  If any object in the ship exhibited UV concentration inform that compartments occupants or engineering to prepare to jettison it.  Anyone that wanted to pray could do so as soon as they were suited up.  
They coasted along their trajectory for another 47 hours before Phobos reported an anomaly forming ahead of them.  The Captain ordered the atmosphere pumped out of the ship and when that was completed he ordered all the airlock doors opened.  
Phobos reported that they would enter the anomaly within 30 minutes.  The Captain ordered everyone to the central corridor and fasten their safety straps to the main ladder.  
When the ship entered the anomaly they could feel it groan through the walls.  Everyone lost consciousness. 

* ToC *

Chapter 3  Where are we?

Steve, the youngest navigator was the first to regain his senses.  He immediately checked and plotted their location and when the communications personnel started waking up he told them to start checking for any signals.  When the Captain woke up they had their report ready for him.  They knew he wouldn't be happy.  They were above the solar plane, the asteroid belt was a mess with asteroids headed out of their correct orbits.  Communications were picked up between an organization calling itself the Earth United Nations and Belt Community Assembly.  Also some of the transmissions were coming from a point on the star side of the asteroid belt.
Engineering reported that the reactor was dead.  They'd started deploying solar cell panels for power to keep the batteries charged.  As soon as that was done they would start ensuring the life support system was operational and examine the hull for damage.  
Two days later everyone was relieved when the announcement came that they could take their spacesuits off.  They were also instructed to preform a full check and recharge their suits.  Then the Captain informed them that the hull had a corona around it in the infrared frequency range and the frequency recordings in the last two days indicated a slow shift upward toward visible light.  If the scientist were correct in their assumptions and the frequency shift continued in about a month it would be entering the UV range and hopefully they would shift back to their own dimension.  
Five days later everyone noticed the dark red glow emanating from every object and the ship.  The colors emanating from the walls changed over the next thirteen days to blue.  Then it faded and the scientist started reporting UV radiation and the frequency increasing.  
The Captain ordered most of the solar panels removed and stored back in the ship.  Only one panel array was to be left out and aimed at the sun that looked more like a large star than the sun they were used to.  Two days later the Captain ordered the atmosphere pumped out of the ship and everyone back into their spacesuits and to secure themselves to the central ladder.  
Four days in a spacesuit could be considered cruel and unusual punishment, but everyone was hoping that they'd shift back to their own space and could then go home. The groaning of the ship started on the fourth day and then they were all knocked unconscious.  
An unknown number of hours later everyone was awake and checking their parts of the ship.  Communications was searching the communications frequencies and logging all transmissions.  Finally they reported to the Captain that it appeared that they were in their own dimension 43 days after they left.  
The Captain announced a meeting of the section chiefs on the bridge in fifteen minutes.  He then turned to his communications chief and said, Do a quick check and see if the data we recorded in the other dimension is still on the computer and what shape it is in.
When each section chief reported to the bridge he led them into his briefing room and sat down. I need a quick rundown on each section, lets start with communications.  
The communications chief started out by saying, the data we recorded in the other dimension appears OK from half a dozen sample I checked.  We are presently picking up communications from over a dozen known stations and some spacecraft that we think are from our own dimension.  From the time signals we've been gone for 43 days.  We have not broadcast our location yet.  
The science section chief simply stated, our section has one casualty.  My team has started checking the ship for any unusual radiation on all the frequencies that our equipment will detect.  
The rescue and exploration team chief simply stated, all personnel present and accounted for and prepared for assignments.  
The engineering section chief started by stating, the reactor is dead as a door nail.  The nuclear fuel is not radioactive any more, but I had the reactor resealed just in case it somehow regenerates.  The one solar array we have mounted on the outside of the ship is operating at 15%.  That is within specified parameters due to our distance from the sun.  I could use a crew to remount the arrays in the cargo hold ASAP.  Batteries are at 60%.  Life support computers indicate it is operational, but power will be a factor within 24 hours.  The environmental computer reported hull ruptures in two compartments when we started re-pressurization.  Those are sealed.  No report on propulsion systems until we have more power.  
The ship management chief then reported, mess section operational with approximately one year of food left, both members of the general maintenance crew are available for work, and both members of the cargo crew are available.  
Then the Captain stated, we will remain on communications watch until we have absolute confirmation that we are in the right dimension.  Priorities should be, power, hull integrity, life support, propulsion, and then complete analysis of our location.  If we are in our own dimension then we will contact headquarters and head in system.  If we aren't in our own dimension we'll make a decision then.  Progress reports due in every 8 hours starting now.  
Navigation reported to the Captain that the ship was just inside the Oort Shell and once the propulsion system was operational a short burn would allow them to drift closer to the sun.  At present they were drifting away from the sun and would loose more power from the solar arrays.  Engineering reported that the solar arrays were barely capable of recharging the ships batteries at present.  He also stated that engineering reported that the bracing on the solar arrays would withstand up to 60% thrust from the ion rocket.  
The Captain called the chief engineer to the briefing room and asked him if he could run the ion rocket at 50% power to change their orbit.  The Engineering Chief simply stated, at present I'm having the arrays double checked for structural integrity.  The ion drive crew calculate that using only the power from the array we can at present generate 25% thrust for 34 minutes.  That will cause some problems with the ion rockets but that can be minimized by limiting the duration of burn and maintenance between burns.  
How long will it take to set it up and when it's ready call everyone back inside.  Have one of the ion rocket crew report to the bridge and brief the pilots and navigation.  
Yes Sir, we should be ready within the hour if no problems are found with the solar array.

A week later the section chiefs all reported to the captains briefing room and reported.  
The navigation section reported that their orbit was adjusted and they were now approaching the sun at 40 miles per minute.  They had sixteen weeks to change their orbit before delta-V would approach ion rocket thrust limits.  
The engineering chief reported the ion rocket operational within specifications.  The hull was patched, but three more leaks had been detected and patched.  He recommended that the ship be air pressure be reduced to 10 pounds per square inch for safety.  The solar array was generating power at 16% and the batteries were holding at 95% charge.  The reactor was still dead.  The chemical rockets propellants were at 50%.  Life support was at 100%.  
The rescue & exploration crew chief reported no problems.  
The Science section chief reported no unusual radiation, in fact the radiation levels in and around the ship were below expected levels.  They were doing a computer analysis of a file that communications gave them.
The Ship management section chief reported everything within expected levels except one of the electric stoves in the mess section had burned out.  
Finally the communication chief, CPO Weiss, reported.  First, the asteroid belt reference points are where they should be.  Second, the space stations are where they should be in orbit from our calculations.  Third, we've picked up some traffic from a rescue mission launched from Earth to rescue us at our last location in the asteroid belt.  Fourth, all other radio traffic appears normal.  Fifth, with the science computer expert we've analyzed 40% of the data recorded since our first contact with the alien spacecraft.  We've discovered several unsettling facts.  While we traversed between dimensions the ship's sensors recorded two contacts.  One each time.  These contacts were from really alien spacecraft.  The first was a long range radar contact.  The second was a close range contact.  They breached our security protocols and downloaded all the data on our computers, yet it appears that they didn't attempt to hide the fact or change any data we recorded as far as we can detect.  The first transition of dimensions lasted 6 hours.  We think that they held us between dimensions the second time because the duration was 26 hours and the internal navigation system recorded a change in direction.  None of the airlock sensors indicate that they were opened or cycled on the second transition.  Then we found a large file uploaded from the alien spacecraft to our computer.  It is in binary format and appears to be purely mathematical.  At present the science section is analyzing it on one of their portable computers isolated from all on-board computer systems.  At present I would recommend no contact with anyone until we complete analysis of all computer files on every computer aboard this ship.  I've pulled the circuit controls for all transmission systems including the automatic telemetry and disconnected all antenna array leads.  Over 40 hours of automatic telemetry was transmitted before discovery of this file.  I also tasked my section to monitor every frequency our equipment will receive and record any transmission either to or from our ship.  The radiation specialist from the science section is also attempting to do the same.  Now the data we downloaded from the alien spacecraft in the asteroid belt seems to be copies of journals.  I've printed up several and anyone that wants to read them can contact me on the bridge.  That is all I have for the present and I'll inform the Captain of any changes.  
The Captain then stated that the ship would be under communications silence until all analysis was completed.  Chief engineer and management chief, I want you to get all the schematics for the ship and have a joint crew check everything to insure no modifications have been made to my ship inside or out.  You two have the authority to draw on any of the ships crew except those analyzing the computer files or monitoring communications.  Any questions, if not lets get this done.  
Lt. Levi asked for a few of the log printouts as he left the meeting.
Major Jones replied, I'll give you two, but don't share them.  The individual named has the same name as one of our crew members in the life support section.  I'm going out on a limb here, I assume that they are the same person, but in different dimensions.  I've got to check her records to see how similar her history is.  

* ToC *

Chapter 4  HHH

Hannah Hope Hill
The ambulance screamed into the emergency room parking lot, and slid sideways into the blue sedan illegally parked blocking in two other cars.  The driver glanced back over her shoulder, and saw a flash of light that wasn't from her lights.  The gurney had broken free and her partner was pinned, but the yellowish light licking up the rear windows panicked her.  She jammed the shift lever DR2 and stomped on the gas.  
She'd been so proud when she and Greg had earned the privilege to drive the new front wheel drive ambulance.  
The front wheels squealed on the pavement.  She realized she had no traction.  Shoving the shift lever in R she tromped the gas again and heard the squeal of rending metal. She felt the right rear of the ambulance start to lift as it started climbing something.  Quickly pulling the shift lever back down to DR2 she applied the gas and thought Thank God as the rear right corner of the ambulance dropped off whatever it had climbed and the powerful engine dragged the ambulance toward the ER doors.  As she watched some idiot pulling a gurney flipped it on its side right in the middle of the drive.  They scrambled to their feet and ran leaving the gurney directly in her path.  As she hit the horn, she felt the rear of the ambulance lift slightly and the rear windows explode inward.  As a wave of heat hit the back of her neck she shoved the accelerator to the floor.  Over the gurney and straight into one of the pillars supporting the overhead cover.  As the radiator wrapped itself around the pillar the engine died.  As she fell out the drivers door she cried my patient, My patient!  
One of the other ambulance drivers after trying to open the rear doors grabbed the Jaws-of-life from his ambulance and cracked the rear doors.  As he stepped back he watched one young nurse bend over and throw up.  Her complexion was the same pale green as her scrubs.  After two other ambulance drivers up-righted the gurney and pulled it out the ER Crew took over and transferred the patient to another gurney while the ambulance crews removed Greg.  His stomach felt like joining the young nurse and loosing its contents as he looked at Greg's glass pocked face.  Stunned he walked around to check on Sam.  They'd taken her and all that was left was a pool of blood on the pavement.  Retrieving his equipment he sat on the rear bumper of his ambulance and bowed his head in prayer.  In the distance he could hear more sirens.  

Inside the ER it was a madhouse.  A young nurse with tears in her eyes took two tries to insert an IV needle into Greg's arm.  Finally she made it on the third.  Sam was under the care of her supervisor and a doctor was stitching up the side of her neck to stop the spurting blood.  The ambulance patient was screaming, Don't let my baby die!  Please don't let my baby die!  Oh Lord, I surrender my life to save her!  Finally the sedative must have taken hold because suddenly she was quiet.  The only sound she heard behind her was a doctor calmly say, scalpel and call maternity.  

Her Chronicle

For years Hannah Hope Hill's grandmother had fielded questions from her granddaughter.  It wasn't until her husband died that she finally told Hannah that tomorrow she'd tell her about her mother and father.  
As Hannah entered the kitchen the next morning and saw two strangers sitting with G'ma at the table.  
Sit down Hannah, the man said, so she took her usual seat.  Your life story is unusual.  It isn't pretty like you are.  Your grandmother asked us to come because we promised thirteen and a half years ago that we'd help explain your existence should the question ever come to the point that you had to know.  Doctor Hanson will take over the story after I finish the first part.  I also brought some pictures, if you feel you can stand them, they are bad and show a lot of blood.  It started with a call that Samantha and I took about an auto accident.  From what I saw at the scene a car lost control and plunged off an overpass.  It landed right in front of your parents car.  The resulting crash killed your father and pinned your mother inside the car.  When we arrived we put your mother in the ambulance.  I was in the back with her.  Do you want to know her injuries?  
After a pause Hannah whispered, Yes.  
Her face and upper torso was cut up from flying glass.  Her left leg had a compression amputation.  We didn't know that until we used the jaws-of-life to rip the dash out of the car.  We almost lost her there.  Luckily we had a fully equipped new ambulance.  Her right leg was mangled below the knee and had so many breaks that we just splinted it as it was with one of the new air splints.  As we loaded her on the gurney she told Sam, my driver, do anything to save my baby even if it means I die.  
Hannah saw tears in his eyes as he told about the illegally parked car in the ER drive and that accident.
Doctor Hanson then continued the story.  Calmly he stated how he'd rushed down from the surgery floor.  They assigned him to a very pregnant woman being wheeled in.  It was your mother.  Greg didn't know and tell you all her injuries.  She also had internal injuries that were life threatening.  As I started checking her, the thing I have never forgotten was the look she gave me as she calmly proclaimed, Don't let my baby die!  Please don't let my baby die!  Oh Lord, I surrender my life to save her!  Then the light went out of her eyes and they told me later that all I said was, Scalpel and call maternity.  I don't remember anything until I woke up in a hospital bed several days later with an IV in my arm.  From what the nurses in ER told me later as soon as the scalpel was slapped into my hand I preformed a perfect C-section so fast that I had you in my hands before they even completed the call to maternity.  They said I arrived in maternity as they were wheeling a crib into the hall.  The maternity nurses claim that as I laid you in the crib they heard a loud whistle.  As they wheeled you away from where I stood you started screaming.  They were so startled that one of them shoved the crib back toward me and you quieted down.  They said they tried several times and then called and orderly to help me in into a wheelchair.  For 48 hours I sat at your side until your grandmother arrived and put her hand on you.  The nurses told me that your grandmother thanked me and took my place.  This isn't the end of my part in the story of your life.  
Hannah's grandmother with a tear in her eye said, No it's not.  They kept you a week and then released you to me and your grandfather.  As we were leaving the hospital you started screaming and pointing your arms down a hall we passed.  Your grandfather took one look at you and then had me follow your arms.  Two floors up a nurse at the surgery desk told us that we could not enter.  As we turned away you started screaming so loud that it hurt our ears.  Then I saw him running down the hall toward us.  You reached for him and I gave you up.  All he said was, 'My miracle baby, I'll be around if your grandparents ever need my help.  Now go home.'  You gurgled and then reached for me and we took you home.  You were slow to start crawling.  You never said a word.  The pediatrician claimed that you were brain damaged from oxygen deprivation due to your delivery.  I invited Doctor Hanson to attend your third birthday.  Before the doorbell even rang you crawled out of the kitchen and were headed for the front door.  When your grandfather opened the door you were still in the dining room.  I watched you pulled yourself up using one of the chairs and after a few wobbling steps started running toward the front door.  I was so shocked that I sat down on the floor.  Your grandfather claimed he felt like he was having a heart attack when you ran and grabbed Dr Hanson's leg and started chattering like a magpie.  It wasn't until later that evening after we put you to bed and we explained your physical progress that Dr. Hanson told us about his failed marriage and the research that he was involved in.   Around midnight when he said he had to leave you walked in and cried please don't go.  He explained that he had to go to work and would keep in contact with you and us.  You said OK and went back to bed.  You looked for him every time you had a birthday and as you may remember he's only missed two until you were eight and we moved to Fort Worth.  What we didn't realize was that he'd been transferred to Fort Worth also.  
Remember your grandfather had his first heart attack less than six months after we moved.  The first time I took you in to see him after kissing him on the cheek you started asking the nurse to call Dr. Hanson.  She told you she didn't know any Dr Hanson working at the medical center.  You raised a stink and only after she promised to page him over the PA system that you quieted down and calmly told her that he just got to work.  She was laughing all the way to the nurses station and we could even hear the laughter in her voice over the PA system.  She wasn't laughing when she came back into the room and told you that Dr Hanson was the new head of one of the research departments and would be over in about fifteen minutes.  I'll never forget that shit eating grin on your face when you answered her by saying, SEE.  Your grandfather was moved to a VIP room and had better care than I've ever seen from any hospital.  He told me later that the hospital administrator visited him several times and all the nurses he saw after that were older and knew what he needed before he even asked.  
A month after he came home he decided that we'd ask James to become your godfather and should anything happen to us he would raise you.  At the time we didn't know how fortunate our decision would be for you.  
Early last year when that boy knocked you off the balcony at the mall, and you were rushed to the hospital, we thought we'd loose you like your mother.  With your type head injury they said you'd never regain consciousness, and if by some chance you did you'd never be more than a vegetable.  They wanted us to pull the plug.  James arranged your transfer to the researcher center and the experimental procedure that implanted the computer in your brain.  You know that's why you have to go in to see him every month.  What you don't know is that you are the only patient to survive over a year.  
Clearing his throat James interrupted Hannah's grandmother and stated, It's more than just a computer to regulate brain and body systems.  It also has an interface so you can directly access other computers through WiFi or that connector patch under your left arm.  It was the only way we could save you, but as you know it came with a price.  You are now a guinea pig and research object.  More eyes than you can imagine watch every move you make and will continue to do so until we get more survivors.  The administrators think our relationship is to close for objectivity, so I'm being transferred to Bethesda.  A doctor that I consider reliable will take over your case at the research center.  His name is Doctor Anand Venu.  His major specialty is organic chemistry with several other areas of knowledge including computers.  Now, he doesn't have the best manner or compatibility with other researchers, but I believe he'll take good care of you with your interest in mind, and not just consider you a lab rat to examine.  And don't try running away because what I didn't know until last week was that they'd implanted a tracking transmitter in your body during one of your operations.  They consider you an investment and want to keep you under their thumb.  

Her future?

After Dr. Hanson was transferred her grades in school dropped almost to failing.  The counselors that the research institute and school had no effect.  They finally gave her to Dr. Venu after almost a year.  His secretary called security because of the screaming she heard through the closed door on Hannah's first visit.  When security arrived they found both of them sitting staring at each other.  Security left and closed the door.  Hannah quietly asked what level of grades he demanded.  She watched him raise one arm over his head and say A, then with the other arm in front of his face he made a C with his hand and said, You should be capable of A+ work with the computer in your brain, but I want you to use your brain to learn.  The computer is just a tool to keep you alive because of the brain damage.  It will not make you any smarter than you should be.  It can't be upgraded, or make you any smarter.  However your brain is an organic computer that is more capable and smarter than any computer ever built, use it!  Now get hell out of my office and think about what I've told you, and be on time next month.  She realized what he insinuated and never forgot.  
She learned with her brain and practiced with the computer.  It took over a year for her to discover the interface and be able to influence it.  Several more years before she felt knowledgeable enough to change some of the instructions built in by using her own computer at home.  By time she was seventeen she'd transferred many of her brain computer routines to her brain and then corrupted the brain computer memory routines.  Of the three five year survivors they couldn't explain how she stayed alive, because when they reprogrammed her brain computer she went into convulsions.  They deleted those instructions and she regained consciousness and started speaking Nahuatl.  A language her grandmother had taught her in secret.  Deliberately she refused to understand or react to English.  Acting frustrated she started writing in pictograms and then in pictographs that blew the researcher minds.  It took four more months for them to wash her out of the program and then they told her grandmother that she was on her own, no more monthly research money.  With her grandmother acting as a translator she completed her high school requirements and graduated.  
Hannah knew that the research institute had wired their home so she and her grandmother planned carefully.  She'd built a small transmitter to duplicate the signal from her inserted transmitter and activated it the day she got her certificate, after deactivating her inserted transmitter.  She disappeared.  She learned her lessons well.  After two months on the road invisible to the government she arrived in Phoenix and walked into the lobby of the Wilcox Law Firm.  
She told the receptionist that she needed to see Liz Wilcox or Mike Warren.  The receptionist told her that tramps weren't allowed into the building.  Hannah's reply was, Relay my request for a meeting, and add I know about a certain cavern and board that shouldn't be talked about.  Now do it or I'll rip your head off using an old Apache Method.  
Needless to say by the time Liz arrived in the lobby Hannah was surrounded by building security with their guns out.  All Hannah told Liz was that she needed a clean isolated laptop to plug into.  That would be her proof.  After a minute with the laptop she handed it to Liz and told her to boot it up and check the main menu.  Then she told her that the password was Alice's Indian name.  
After checking a few items on the laptop, Liz looked at Hannah and said, I could have you thrown into traffic.  
Hannah looked at her and replied, Five seconds after I die every computer here and containing any data about the Wilcox Law Firm, The Board, and the Cave will be transferred to the internet and then erased from the original computers.  You saw me load data on that laptop without turning it on so that should give you an idea what I can do with computers.  And fire doesn't scare me.  
Later that evening at the estate Hannah told her story and told them to call Doctor Venu at the Cave for verification.  She was kept in isolation while the family made their inquires and decision.  
In the morning, Mike confronted Hannah and demanded to know why she was blackmailing them.  
She told him that it wasn't blackmail to want to be free and he was the most direct and easiest way for her to gain her freedom.  You are the pivot person for two space programs and I don't want to be looking over my shoulder hiding from the government the rest of my life.  You're an ice killer so you have three choices in a few hours when the computer babies dissemble.  
* * *
Hannah was smuggled to the earth space station.  After training as a pilot she was assigned as the pilot of T-52.  She became one of Joanna's two favorite pilots.   She flew many special covert missions before finally heading to the belt.  

T-52  Hanna Hope Hill, pilot

Well the construction crews finally completed and cleared T-52 for its test flight on 1225 DFE.  I've got an experienced pilot as shotgun because I've only completed training and only have 41 hours solo flight time on my ticket.  
T-52 passed with flying colors.  We made the moon in a little over 25 hours.  He claimed that that wasn't a record, but close.  Landing was the most scary part of the flight for me.  He got off and I picked up six passengers to return to the space station.  
Took it easy, fifty two hours from lift off to docking port 5.  

Was introduced to Joanna this morning.  The rumors were that she ate mechanics and construction workers for breakfast and then would use their bones to beat anyone that disagreed with her to death.  She didn't seem that tough.  I could tell by the bowing and scraping from the male workers that either her reputation or her smile got her anything she wanted.  Her ship was T-51, but she quickly informed me that she was The Captain of any of the T-ships she set foot on.  Other than that she was as sweet as sugar.  
Well my first cargo is run back to the moon solo.  At least I'll be away from Frederick Cole and his damn cats for awhile.  It took ten days to add all the modules I'm transporting along with loading the internal cargo and then 6 easy days transit.  
Those twerps want me to land with all the modules.  My orders were to put them in orbit and then land the internal cargo.  They say it will be four days before they can get a crew up to me.  The option they gave me was to deliver it to earth L4.  I calculated the orbit and fuel and found that I didn't have enough fuel and I'd have to wait 23 days for a favorable delta-V trajectory.  After a call back Frederick, he told the moon crew that they had 48 hours to get up and unload the internal cargo before I returned to the space station.  After two hours of listening to them raise hell I turned my radio down and took a sleep period.  
Four hours and nineteen minutes into my sleep period I was awaken by a jolt that would have thrown me out of my sleep bag if it had been unzipped.  When I turned my radio on all I heard was voices demanding that I open the hatch.  I released the outer cargo hatch locks and then they demanded access to the main ship. I informed them that they would only get access to the cargo.  Any attempt to enter any other portion of the ship and I would break orbit and head back to the station whether they were unloaded or not.  I watched them on the internal and external cameras.  Everything went well until they were almost done and then two of the loading crew headed back toward the module 4 hatch for the engine room.  I told them to get back and when they failed to stop I fired the thruster rockets and started moving away from their ship.  One of the tethers from their ship to mine broke and then they reacted by firing their suit jets to move back to their ship.  Their ship captain started cursing me and when he took a breath I replied, I told you the rules, release your tethers or I'll drag you all the way back to the space station orbit.  I'm firing main rocket in two minutes.  Out!  
He replied, You can't travel with your cargo hatch open.
My reply was, I'm the Captain of this ship and I can do what the hell I want.  The cargo hatch can always be repaired back in earth orbit.  72 seconds until main rocket ignition.  I watched his crew scramble to release the tethers and jump for his ship as I warmed up the main rocket.  It was touch and go as I started forward.  The main cargo hatch slowly swung into the hull and then I fired the thruster rockets on one side and it started swing in the other direction to close.  I crossed my fingers and pressed the lock button.  All but one latch engaged.  I watched the cargo hatch vibrate as I cut all rockets and then released the latches.  The hatch didn't move.  Then I hit the button again and all the latch indicators went green.  Uncrossing my fingers I fired the thrusters to set my trajectory orientation and the latch indicators remained green.  I fired the main rocket for a seven minute burn and watched the moon slowly recede.  
I listened to him reporting back to his HQ on the moon and then to them making a report to the earth station.  Then to my surprise I recognized Joanna's voice override Fredericks reply by telling them that her ships would not be boarded by anyone.  If there was any damage to T-52 the repair cost would come out of the moon budget.  That shut them up quick.  Then all I heard was apologies from the moon HQ and a promise to punish the ship captain.  I then keyed my transmitter and told Joanna that I thought that the ship captain was following orders from the moon HQ and not trying to disable my ship on his own.  
Fredericks voice came back with orders for me to report to maintenance upon return because all airlocks would be wired with locks as well as latches that could be unlocked only by the pilot and anti-piracy equipment would be installed.  Then he signed off.  
Fifty nine hours later I docked. As I was shutting everything down I heard over my radio, Permission to come aboard.
I opened the inner hatch to module 1 and watched Joanna and Frederick enter.  He was yelling until the inner hatch closed.  Then he simply said, Well done, but you could have killed a couple of the loaders out there.  Next time they'll not screw around.  
Then Joanna said, Now get some rest because as soon as maintenance can get the extra fuel modules mounted you're going to L4.  You will also be carrying 4 passengers so make sure you have enough supplies.  Report to operations as soon as you have your request list.  
I calculated my needs and then doubled them because I didn't know if I would have return passengers.  73 hours later everything was loaded, passengers were aboard, and they put a hold on my launch.  A minute later there was a bang on the hatch and I opened the intercom.  Joanna told me to open up.  As she dogged the hatches I got clearance to launch.  As I drifted clear of the station I was recalculating to make sure I would be clear for my main burn to leave orbit.  My original burn would take me right across the stations orbit at one mile distance.  With the three minute delay I would be cutting it to close so I gave the forward thrusters a shot to kill some speed and maneuvered sideways to pass behind the station.  The computer was recalculating my launch window as I maneuvered.  As I maneuvered around the station I used the thrusters to enter the moving launch window.  As I entered it I fired the main rocket.  The computer indicated I was on trajectory and would arrive within the target window at L4.  I had a hard time for a minute but after the burn was completed the computer indicated that I would not need the original mid-course correction burn.  Then Joanna piped up with an, Oh shit, I forgot my makeup case.  
I started laughing and then she said, Mike and Liz said you were adaptable and could make computers dance to your tune.  I just wanted to make sure.  This is the first time I've seen anyone hit a moving launch window.  I know I can't, and the instructors said it couldn't be done without a dedicated team effort and the failure rate during test was over 50%.
By the way you're probably on Fredericks shit list because he just lost six months salary to me.  He bet that you couldn't do it  without recalculations furnished by the station computer.  
23 days later I let everyone know that we were approaching L4 and to secure all loose items.  As we entered the L4 area I brought the ship to relative zero velocity.  The construction crew chief requested to come forward.  I OK'd the request and unlocked the interior hatch.  He complemented me on the flight and then briefed me on what I needed to do for him to do his job efficiently.  I could see his crew exiting the passenger compartment airlock.  They headed strait for one of the modules that had been bolted on.  It didn't take them long to start bringing out tools and short beams and tethers.  
Within 30 hours the chief asked me to give a short burn and back my ship out of the conglomeration of modules that surrounded it.  A short thruster burn and I was clear in ten minutes.  Then he told me to come alongside and they'd tether my ship what he now called L4 station.  I informed him that I had an approaching object on radar.  It would be arriving in 20 hours unless it started decelerating.  
A few minutes later he asked me to monitor its trajectory because it should have started deceleration already.  A minute later he reported that it had started deceleration, but I might be required to catch it.  His tug wouldn't be ready in time.  His comment just before he signed off was that he hated unmanned spacecraft.
It came to zero relative at a distance of 200 miles then started drifting.  Two of his crew were aboard and we went after it.  As we approached the rocket it looked a mess.  We could see where one module had been damaged by something.  On the other side there were gashes where something had gone between two modules.  While I was taking pictures the crew went across and deactivated the computers and engine controls.  After fastening tethers and winching it tight against my ship I slowly maneuvered it back to the station.  That was a nerve racking 31 hours.  When we tethered it to the station the chief informed us that there was another inbound rocket and we could watch the tug retrieve it.  
A month later additional personnel and a dozen more equipment rockets had arrived.  Joanna and I headed back to the station.  22 days later we docked at the station.  Frederick wanted to assign me to the next moon supply run, but Joanna agreed with me that I needed to check my ship from one end to the other.  
On May 23, 2013 Joanna called me and told me to prepare for a three year emergency run at maximum acceleration.  I would be transporting 5 passengers with two earth tons of cargo.  After my rough calculations I ordered four fuel modules, one water module, one pressurized cargo module and one gas module.  
Within ten hours the modules were being attached.  A special ship from Montserrat arrived and they transferred its cargo directly to my ship.  When I examined the cargo hold I ordered extra braces welded and doubled the webbing and straps.  My launch window was 0530 GMT 1328 DFE.  I only had two more days to prepare.  
Operations gave me a flight plan with two Oberth maneuvers, the first to low earth orbit and the second around the moon, both at 4 G acceleration.  That meant that I would be at 115% burn during both maneuvers.  After looking over the trajectories I went back and told them the first maneuver was to dangerous to contemplate and the second was actually a gravity assist slingshot.  
They argued that I wouldn't be in any danger from the satellites in lower orbit.  I told them bullshit and picked up a phone and requested to be connected to Joanna.  After all they didn't even give me a target window to aim for.  
Joanna simply told them to give me the target and access to their computer and I would calculate my own trajectories.  
They huffed and puffed and called Frederick and he told them the same thing or they would be replaced.  
It took me two hours to pull a flight plan out of the computer that only used one gravity assist maneuver and I had an extra 5 hours before launch.  It also saved on fuel by 1%.  
At 1043 GMT 1328 DFE we departed on a nice smooth 1.2 G acceleration.  After a two hour burn I shut down the rocket and had Joshua go back and check the module 4 and all the fuel connections from the external tanks.  He found one leak and fixed it.  I checked all the cargo and then on my passengers and explained that in 22 hours we would be accelerating again and then maybe one more correction before the heavy acceleration past the moon.  I enforced the fact that any loose objects in the cabin when accelerated past the moon would be moving like a bullet and could kill them if they got hit.  The mid-course maneuvers went off without a hitch and then I had to make minor adjustment to my approach trajectory.  At least I only had to accelerate at 3.75 G past the moon.  Shortly after the burn was completed the computer told me our travel time was 103 days to the target window.  Then I would have to decelerate at 1 G for three hours to achieve zero relative velocity.  I made a quick report to the station and cut off the transmitter.  The receiver picked up one more message that indicated we would be met at the target window.  
Joshua only found one more small problem with the rockets.  He put a temporary fix on it and then started training the passengers.  In less than two months they were taking apart my ship and reassembling it.  Then he started them on the rockets.  All I could do was watch and hope they didn't blow us up.  When he was satisfied he had them do a complete rebuild of the fuel system that he'd patched.  When he was satisfied he then told them that they had the basics and that would help them survive in the asteroid belt.  
Day 1429 DFE I got a message to cut deceleration, because my rendezvous was changed.  After getting the new target window I adjusted my course.  Ten ours later I spotted something on radar.  The next day I could make out a small banged up rocket on an intercept course.  I'd heard that the belt miners built their own ships out of modules brought out, but this looked like a roman candle with extra tanks and antennas slapped on.  
The pilot inquired about my fuel status and when I informed him I had enough to return to earth orbit he exclaimed, They told me that you'd be just about empty.  How did you manage that?   
My reply was, They gave me a flight plan that was sure to kill me and crash my ship, so I raised hell until they let me calculate my own.  Am I to follow you in or transfer cargo and passengers out here?  
If you got the balls to follow me in, we'll go all the way in. he replied.  
I replied, Give me a target and I'll lead you in!  
He started laughing so hard that I could hear him choking over the radio.  When he recovered, You got a bigger pair than I do if you want to try that on your first trip here.  
Then Joshua keyed his suit radio and demanded, Give me time to get these newbies back inside before you go gallivanting through an asteroid field.  We'll have the last panel on in about 10 minutes.
Then the other pilot exclaimed, You've been maneuvering with men outside!  
Joshua then calmly replied, Well, I trained these desk jockeys on the way out.  Hannah don't stop for nothing!  I haven't lost any trainees in over a year.   
He then introduced himself as John Ironstone.  
When we arrived at Wonderland a bunch of space monkeys swarmed my ship.  I had to send Joshua and the passengers out to supervise the disassembling of the extra modules with the cargo and other supplies.  My only order to them was to make sure that I had a ship that I could get back to earth in.  Then I got a call from John to report to Stephen on Wonderland.  
When I arrived he started chewing me out about maneuvering with my passengers outside the ship doing repairs.  
I jumped right back telling him that my mechanic trained them and he was an expert.  If he didn't think they could handle it, he'd have told me.  Now as soon as my ship is unloaded I'm headed back.  
Smiling he commented, I have a special cargo for you to carry back.  It will be here in 20 or so hours.  In the mean time, enjoy yourself, I'll get Snowfeather to show you around.  Anything you see or hear here is need to know only, so only Frederick or Joanna may be briefed by you upon return.  Is your mechanic trustworthy or do I need to limit his access.  
I lost my smile as I replied, He is trustworthy, and won't talk out of turn!  Now, what's so secret that he can't see it?  
Chuckling Stephen replied, You'll see.  Now I need some coffee so follow me, the mess is just down the corridor.  
I can't put in my ships log what I saw and heard, so I won't even hint.  

John followed me back out and topped off my remaining two fuel modules.  Joshua and I said goodbye and waited the three hours for my launch window.  The trip back was dull, nothing happened for 129 days until we approached the moon. (1566 DFE)  We were instructed to land on the moon.  I told them that I didn't have enough fuel to land, just enough to make orbit at the space station.  Then I was told that orders from the board were to be followed, I was to go into orbit around the moon and they'd refuel me.  Then I was to land.  
I then informed them that I wasn't under the jurisdiction of the board until I arrived back at the space station and was released from my current mission.  
I told Joshua to pump all remaining fuel into the internal tanks and rig the attached fuel tanks so I could jettison them.  With a grin he suited up and went outside.  
Twenty seven hours later I acquired a radar contact coming from the moon.  By my calculations it was on a collision course.  When they hailed me I replied that I was going to continue to the earth space station.  
They threatened to fire upon my ship unless I changed course.  I changed my trajectory until I was aimed at the dark side with them in the middle.  Then I fired up the main rocket at 110% and told Joshua to jettison the two fuel tanks.  As they separated I rotated my ship using the thrusters and the main rocket still at 110% thrust.  The fuel tanks were now on an intercept course for the moon ship.  I radioed them and told them that I was breaking up, they needed to take evasive action.  
It took about five minutes for them to realize that two modules were headed toward them.  By then my delta-V was enough that they couldn't catch me.  The first fuel tank impacted the moon just before we went over the horizon.  I think Joshua must have mixed some oxygen and hydrogen together because it made quite a flash upon impact.  
It took three orbits of the earth to kill enough speed so I could rendezvous with the space station.  I think that everyone in the vicinity of the airlock thought that Frederick was going to kill me he was hollering so loud as he entered my ship and slammed the airlock.  Then he fell into the navigators seat and burst out laughing about the fact that the moon reported my ship breaking up and parts of it crashing into the moon.  
Then Joshua commented, Hannah, will you ever arrive back here without an ass chewing.  
Then we all were laughing until I got the hiccups.  1574 DFE   
Over the next next two years Joshua and I made many trips to the L4 station.  Every time we got there we were treated like royalty.

Then in the middle of July 2016 Joanna called me in and told me that I was going to the moon.  I protested because I knew that they would still remember my last flyby.  She told me that we were preparing to leave and I was to first go to the earth work station and pick up everything that I could get loaded including filling out all my crew slots.  
When I arrived they started bolting on modules until my beautiful sleek ship looked like a flying junkyard.  I even got six more module 4's.  The fuel tanks they bolted around the rear of my ship and the cargo modules around the middle made it look more like a pyramid.  They gave me enough fuel to reach the moon and sent me on my way.  I took an economy trajectory and arrived the day after Joanna's other ships arrived.  She had one running shuttle from the surface up to her convoy.  I was the last refueled.  
Then in August the UN declared the moon and earth space stations under their protection and government control.  That evening we launched out of our lunar orbit headed toward the asteroid belt.  
Nineteen and a half months later we arrived.  My poor ship handled like a tractor trailer truck.  I was so glad when they started removing the extra modules.  
After they completed rebuilding it on 3105 I started having problems with my interface.  Albert finished fixing it on 3141 and it worked better than ever.
Joanna loaned me to Stephen effective 3090 and he had me running all over the belt for the next several years.  

* ToC *

Chapter 5

The next day the Captain called Dr. Venu to his briefing room.  He then instructed him to retrieve medical records for Miss Hill, Lt. Levi, Lt. Albertson, CPO Albertson, and also his records.  
After bringing the records they had Dr. Venu check them for previous injuries and medical treatments.  Then they had him check for current medical complaints and treatments.  
They had him repeat the procedure for Lt. Levi and chief Albertson.  
Then they asked him to analyze his medical records from about 2000 to present.  After conferring and checking their notes they informed the doctor that he had the same name as two of the log entries they'd downloaded from the alien ship.  Not everyone's records that they'd checked had corresponding names.  Then the Captain surprised Dr. Venu by asking him if he wanted to read the logs with his name on them.  
He replied, yes. 
The captain handed him letter one.
3239 DFE
Dear Ladies of the Assembly, 
As you know Tim originally task me with the responsibility of medical security.  That was to insure that his pioneers would have the best health possible for their trip to the asteroid belt, and continued good health for the rest of their lives.  Well I succeeded and failed at the same time.  My team came up with the modular concept of the spacecraft.  This was to enable the pioneers to disassemble them here in the belt an reassemble some of them as habitats.  Knowing some of the problems 0 G caused, designs were incorporated for a rotating habitat constructed from module 2, 3, and 5 sections.  With the effects of 0 G compensated for we then turned to the purely medical side.  
Diets were compiled to compensate for micro-gravity conditions.  Everything from seed to dirt components was planned for.  Most of it worked.  
Medical kits and surgical suits with equipment and instructions were included. Some are still packed because they weren't needed.  
One problem that we noticed first at the main earth space station and then on the moon was the fact that the body's immune system was attempting to cope with conditions that it wasn't designed for.  Micro-gravity affects it differently than other body systems.  Our only conclusion was that nanobots designed to act like white blood cells would assist the bodies immune system.  Being purely mechanical a high level of technology would be required to build them and maintain them.  We puzzle over how to accomplish this for weeks until one day we were all sitting in the space station main cafeteria and a construction crew member walked over and said, Why don't you grow them.    Well we dismissed the idea, but it kept coming back.  A theoretical biologist was assigned to my team through a computer error.  Papers on microbiology started appearing in our mail boxes.  Information reports on DNA, RNA, and other subjects started getting routed to our team.  Even a classified study on the white blood cell.  My karma wasn't that good.  Finally I made a decision to pursue, growing white blood cells with specific features.  
Just after our break with earth, the last challenge was solved and we had a working nanobot white blood cell with built in instructions that would allow it to assist the immune system in maintaining calcium in the bones.  It would also balance the hormonal system and bring the bodies immune system to a high state automatically whenever a foreign pathogen penetrated the body.  
Looking back, I now realize that, as brilliant as my team was, none of us had the theoretical knowledge or expertise to accomplish what we'd done.  Extensive interviews and debriefings have confirmed this.  I can only conclude that there was a higher intelligence guiding us.  
Problems were solved by suggestions from personnel that did not have the expertise to in our field.  We have uncovered hundreds of hours of recordings made both on the main space station and the work space station to verify this.  Coincidences like this don't just happen!  
Needed equipment was found when it was needed to facilitate our work.  I requested a small team be put together to trace some of this equipment.  They found certain critical items were never ordered from our end of the system.  They just appeared, were loaded, and shipped up to the stations.  
Now back to the main points of this letter.  We succeeded where we should not have.  We failed to understand all of the ramifications and side effects of our constructed artificial white blood cells.  
First, we've documented the deaths of two men from them.  Further investigation revealed that they were engaging in immoral acts with women that were married.  Autopsies revealed that the women and husbands nanobots destroyed their immune systems.  
Second, we found another man with a similar death, however he had engaged in sexual activities not connected with reproduction.  His partner was also found dead two days later.  
Third, children were being born with the nanobots active in their systems.  We thought and came to the conclusion that we would have to introduce the nanobots into the body of all children born, because there is a blood barrier in the womb that prevents blood cells from crossing over to the baby.  This third fact is what started my investigation in earnest.  I arranged for an independent investigator, Dr. Madeline Ramirez, to review my work and write up a report.
Fourth, outside workers and miners nanobots were discovered to be different than those of personnel that remained shielded on the stations.  Exhaustive blood testing and experiments by volunteers have demonstrated that the nanobots change in both directions over a period of a 360 days.  
Fifth, married couples nanobots exhibit shared characteristics, even if only one works outside on a regular basis.  Offspring of those unions also have those shared characteristics.  
Sixth, I was requested to perform a complete physical by a certain unnamed individual on two wives not related by blood.  The only common factor was that one wife was married to the brother of the other wife.  Both wives and the non-related husband shared certain nanobot characteristics.  The unborn children had these same nanobot characteristics.  
Since conceptions were at different locations and times I am requesting a leave of absence to investigate further.  I shall need transportation.  Equipment requirements will be minimal or available at most locations.  
I shall also be traveling with my wife and children to several of the belt habitats and stations.  
Sincerely,
Dr. Anand Katka Venu
After reading it he asked for the second letter.
3239 DFE
Dear Alexis, 
As you know Tim originally task me with the responsibility of medical security.  That was to insure that his pioneers would have the best health possible for their trip to the asteroid belt, and continued good health for the rest of their lives.  Well I succeeded and failed at the same time.  My team came up with the modular concept of the spacecraft.  This was to enable the pioneers to disassemble them here in the belt an reassemble some of them as habitats.  Knowing some of the problems 0 G caused, designs were incorporated for a rotating habitat constructed from module 2, 3, and 5 sections.  With the effects of 0 G compensated for we then turned to the purely medical side.  
Diets were compiled to compensate for micro-gravity conditions.  Everything from seed to dirt components was planned for.  Most of it worked.  
Medical kits and surgical suits with equipment and instructions were included. Some are still packed because they weren't needed.  
One problem that we noticed first at the main earth space station and then on the moon was the fact that the body's immune system was attempting to cope with conditions that it wasn't designed for.  Micro-gravity affects it differently than other body systems.  Our only conclusion was that nanobots designed to act like white blood cells would assist the bodies immune system.  Being purely mechanical a high level of technology would be required to build them and maintain them.  We puzzle over how to accomplish this for weeks until one day we were all sitting in the space station main cafeteria and a construction crew member walked over and said, Why don't you grow them.    Well we dismissed the idea, but it kept coming back.  A theoretical biologist was assigned to my team through a computer error.  Papers on microbiology started appearing in our mail boxes.  Information reports on DNA, RNA, and other subjects started getting routed to our team.  Even a classified study on the white blood cell.  My karma wasn't that good.  Finally I made a decision to pursue, growing white blood cells with specific features.  
Just after our break with earth, the last challenge was solved and we had a working nanobot white blood cell with built in instructions that would allow it to assist the immune system in maintaining calcium in the bones.  It would also balance the hormonal system and bring the bodies immune system to a high state automatically whenever a foreign pathogen penetrated the body.  
Looking back, I now realize that, as brilliant as my team was, none of us had the theoretical knowledge or expertise to accomplish what we'd done.  Extensive interviews and debriefings have confirmed this.  I can only conclude that there was a higher intelligence guiding us.  
Problems were solved by suggestions from personnel that did not have the expertise in our field.  We have uncovered hundreds of hours of recordings made both on the main space station and the work space station to verify this.  Coincidences like this don't just happen!  
Needed equipment was found when it was needed to facilitate our work.  I requested a small team be put together to trace some of this equipment.  They found certain critical items were never ordered from our end of the system.  They just appeared, were loaded, and shipped up to the stations.  
Now back to the main points of this letter.  We succeeded where we should not have.  We failed to understand all of the ramifications and side effects of our constructed artificial white blood cells.  
As my report to you indicate, children were being born with the nanobots active in their systems.  We thought and had come to the conclusion that we would have to introduce the nanobots into the body of all children born, because there is a blood barrier in the womb that prevents blood cells from crossing over to the baby.  This third fact is what started my investigation in earnest.  I arranged for an independent investigator, Dr. Madeline Ramirez, to review my work and write up a report.
Outside workers and miners nanobots were discovered to be different than those of personnel that remained shielded on the stations.  Exhaustive blood testing and experiments by volunteers have demonstrated that the nanobots change in both directions over a period of a 360 days.  
Married couples nanobots exhibit shared characteristics, even if only one works outside on a regular basis.  Offspring of those unions also have those shared characteristics.  
When you requested I perform a complete physical of your wife and sister I found both women and your sisters husband shared certain nanobot characteristics.  The unborn children had these same nanobot characteristics.  
Since the conceptions were at different locations and times I am requesting a leave of absence to investigate further from the Assembly.  I also sent a note to Sissy R and Stephen.  I shall need transportation and your assistance.  Equipment requirements will be minimal or available at most locations.  
I shall also be traveling with my wife and children to several of the belt habitats and stations.  
Sincerely,
Dr. Anand Katka Venu
After completing the second letter Dr. Venu leaned back in his chair and put his head in his hands.  This goes toward explaining some of the things that have happened in my life.  The nagging feeling that I should have developed a way to make the immune system stronger.  The fact that I've felt married, even before I met my wife.  Also, it you check my personnel file you'll see that I excelled in several difficult areas that a man of my age shouldn't have been able to complete without extensive training and conditioning.  
I remember one instructor telling me I must have been an astronaut in a past life.  We had a good laugh over that.  I'll check all the medical records against the personnel jackets to see if I can spot any anomalies and report directly to you.  I'll also instruct Dr. Walker to talk to all the crew, his secondary is psychology.  

* ToC *

Chapter 6  Alien data file

Science section finally report on alien file found on main computer after ten days of analysis.  The binary file consist of four main programs if we have identified the end of file markers correctly.  
The original problem was that the files were recorded end to beginning, instead of the normal beginning to end.  Once the files were recorded in the proper beginning to end format on our portable computer the first turned out to be an operating system that completely rewrote our systems operating system.  The second portion or file is an  interactive translation program.  The third is what you could call a briefing program similar to a news report and then an interview that also request input that is rerouted back through the interactive translation program and then to the last section or file that is a data base.  The call routines are extremely complex.  
The first news report stated that the nuclear explosions, first on earth, caused history to split.  After each nuclear explosion a new time line was created and only a few re-converged.  In our time-line the nuclear war in Europe in 1951 was caused by terrorist that managed to steal nuclear warheads from the French military, but accidentally detonated them early while still in Europe.  
In the time-line of the modular spacecraft we went to investigate the Russians had warned the French that terrorist were going to attempt to steal the warheads, but were ignored.  However, the Russians discovered a splinter group that was going to attempt to steal Russian warheads, so they wiped out both the main and splinter terrorist group along with most of their leadership.  Collateral damage was three villages of men, women, and children in two middle eastern countries.  Both fusion and fission can cause a time-line to split unless it is within an extremely strong gravitational field.
The nuclear explosion in the asteroid belt was of such magnitude that it terminated five time-lines and caused two to converge.  
The second portion of the news briefing stated that the anomaly that sucked the modular spacecraft back to its time-line is a natural occurring event.  Our being sucked into the other time-line was due to an accumulation of gasses on our hull, so when the gasses were sucked back to their time-line we were the collateral damage.  When the gasses evaporated off our hull we were out of our proper time-line and they intercepted us in what they call null-space between time-lines.  After recording all the information about our ship, on our computers, and our biology the inserted us into the correct time-line.  Their report claims that we are in our proper time-line.  
The original quarantine zone was two light years until the nuclear explosion in the asteroid belt.  Then they had to expand it to a 50 light year quarantine zone around our sun because of the number of twisted time-lines.  These twisted time-lines also affected several nearby stars and their planetary systems.  They expect all the time-lines to re-converge or terminate within approximately 1000 of our years.  
The interactive portion of the briefing program answered about half the questions we put to it.  One question that it refused to answer and gave us a warning about was interstellar travel to another star.  As a species we are quarantined until our time-lines re-converge.  They have already terminated several manned and unmanned interstellar spacecraft from other time-lines.  The decision has been reached that all of our time-lines will be contacted and told the problem that we created, and told that we are quarantined to our star system until all the time-lines re-converge or terminate.  Only then will humans be allowed to make our own way to the nearby stars.  The program also stated that our mission is to inform our governments of the quarantine and facts surrounding it.  This program is for us to use and pass along.  
After this question was answered several of the crew submitted questions.  The most interesting answer was to Lt. Levi's question.  He asked how this could happen and be allowed by God?  The figure on the screen changed to one with wings that stated, the creator had his son, THE WORD, create the universe and he comes to each sentient species created and leaves instructions specific to them.  Each sentient species and creature in that species is designed and created for a specific purpose and task.  It is not our task to question the THE WORD.  He set the laws that govern the universe just as he set the laws to govern every creature created.  It is our task to obey!  
Then Lt. Levi asked another question that surprised even me.  He asked about the human soul and its destination?  The answer almost knocked us off our feet.  The computer replied, Uziah, your people are only using half the instructions THE WORD left.  The other half is available, read and obey.  Lt. Levi staggered out of the science section like he was drunk and when I checked later he was still in his quarters.  
No one has dared to ask it any questions for the last two hours.  

* ToC *

Chapter 7  The Briefing

The Captain, after reading the report on the alien computer program ordered the Navigation section to plot an economy course to Mars.  
Miss Smith immediately replied, we've been continually updating our location and trajectories to Earth and Mars. In exactly 4 hours and 3 minutes when my shift ends the optimum location and time for a short burn will bring us to a zero velocity orbit it relation to Mars.  Thirty six minutes later the same situation will present itself for a rendezvous with Earth.  Both destinations are 61 days travel time.  
During the trip back to Mars every member of the crew was called to the Captain's briefing room where the portable computer from the science section was set up.  Each watched the alien briefing and then the Captain gave them a copy of the alien file.  Then he left them alone and told them they had up to an hour to ask the alien program any question they wanted, but then he reminded them that it would refuse to answer some questions and they may not like the answers to other questions.  
Every one of the crew looked shocked as they exited the briefing room.  
Arrival at Mars orbit was met with jubilation and the news media demanded immediate access.  However the Captain refused and called the Mars president to bring the Mars military commander and come up to the ship.  He then called the Earth ambassador and told him to bring the senior earth military commander and come to the ship for a meeting.  Four days later he met them in his briefing room and briefed them about the mission to the asteroid belt and their return.  Then he told them to watch the computer.  The first part of the alien computer briefing was the same and then he told them that it would answer most questions put to it.  After a few questions he told them that the best way was for them to question the computer alone.  He got up and left them to decide who would be first.  
The Earth ambassador, a seasoned and hard politician demanded to be first.  An hour later he came out crying.  Everyone demanded he tell.  All he said was that he now knew things that no man had the right to know about history.  His questions about politics were also answered.  The senior earth military commander was next.  He simply stumbled our after thirty seven minutes and sat down and put his head in his hands.  Then the Mars commander asked him what he was told, he simply replied, ask that alien computer any question you wish.  Those it will answer will give you more insight into your job than you will want.  
He went next and spent over an hour before he came out and told the president of Mars that he should only ask questions that he really wanted the answer to. Then he and the Earth commander left the bridge and went to the mess to talk.  
The president of Mars asked the Captain if the alien program had any access to other computers.  The Captain called Chief Weiss over to brief him on what steps were taken to prevent the computer for having access to any other computer.  She simply stated the before the program was loaded on the portable computer more memory was added and the printer port, and all communication ports were physically removed along with the internal transmitters for the keyboard, speakers, and modem.  The only hard wired connections active to the computer were the monitor and keyboard.  The computer still had the built in microphone and speaker active.  The only power source was two battery packs that they kept charged.  The science section was monitoring the computer on all frequencies used for any type of communications transmissions.  It was isolated every way that they could think of.  
He then went in with a list of questions he'd jotted down.  When he came out he simply stated to the Captain, my faith is not shaken, but I now realize that our Bible is humans only.  I want a copy of the alien program before you go to Earth.  Also all of your crew will be replaced prior to departure.  After I talk to the ambassador and the senior government officials you will receive orders.  
The Captain started calling the crew in to give them individual debriefings after the VIP's left.  Certain members of the crew were given the chance to read the files with their names on them.  

* ToC *

Chapter 8  Shemeka's Squadron

No matter how civilized we are, we still have a dark side.  While reviewing some reports I found another example.  Four spacecraft from the fleet sent to negotiate the rules of war between the earth and asteroid belt defected.  
The commander of this fleet was Rear Admiral Shemeka, she normally commanded a squadron of space warships.  At the last minute the UN added three more ships to her squadron making it a flotilla or small fleet.  The loyalty to her of the additional spacecraft Captains was uncertain.  
Two were previously assigned to the moon fleet.  The oddball ship had just completed it's shakedown cruise.  A simple flight from earth orbit to the moon and back, usually takes about two weeks, it took them about four months.   The rumor mill reported they had navigational and mechanical failures due to command incompetency.  
Shortly after the fleet arrived at the meeting coordinates one of the Admiral Shemeka's warships fired upon the asteroid belt fleet without authorization.  After ordering them to cease firing, the Captain refused, and tried to make a run for it.  Admiral Shemeka realizing she had a possible mutiny situation by the other two additional warships chose to ask the asteroid fleet commander to assist her by stopping the mutinous warship. 
Any chance to gather intelligence about the military capabilities of an enemy is something that any commander would give their eyeteeth for.  When she agreed she had no idea what the results would be.   
The fighter pilot he sent demonstrated extreme skill at using a weapon unfamiliar to her.  At the end she had to call off the help, and launch a ship-to-ship missile to destroy her mutinous ship.  She also realized that her fleet was at a major disadvantage, weapon wise.  Then the commander of the asteroid fleet suggested a demonstration that would insure that the earth's military commanders would know their chances if they continued to target civilian habitats containing women and children in the asteroid belt.  
Because of the demonstration on mars and the fact that she didn't complete the illegal immoral secret order she'd been given, she was tried in absentia, and convicted of treason.  Included was an order for her immediate execution without appeal.  The Captain of her flagship realized that this was an illegal order and informed her.  As a result her squadron followed her.  One of the two remaining warships followed her after realizing that her squadron was defecting to the asteroid belt.  That left one ship returning to the earth from her former fleet.  
* * * 
UN Warship 5444 
Due to the fact that she could not vouch for the fourth warships Captain or crew attached are computer entries from two of her personnel.  All military information and other files except for recent navigation files logs were deleted:  
* * * 
These are the logs and letters from the XO's personal computer.  Initial evaluation seems to indicate that he will be a worthwhile member of the Belt community and possible recruit to the BMDF.  After launch his journal seems spotty, but did a superb job as XO. 
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 207 
Date:  Monday 6/28/2021 
Yesterday I received orders to report to UN Warship 5444.  Looking up it's history I realized that it is one of the ships built by China.  Three of the five built had catastrophic failures with all crew lost.  
Us Jews are not a popular race in the UN, but their own charter demanded that we be included with all the other national groups.  I have the uneasy feeling that I'm targeted for accidental death.  Being a Chaplin doesn't help my state of mind.   
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 208 
Date:  Tuesday, 6/29/2021 
Today I received personnel assignment list for UN 5444.  Every crew member is a Jew, but only one is an Israeli.  My uneasy feeling in my stomach isn't just from the jet transport I'm on. 
On top of that ninety percent of the crew have never been in space.  They are drawn from all over the UN military forces.  The most glaring example is the fact, that in the engineering section only one member has any experience with rocket engines, and he isn't even the senior engineer.  The senior engineer is a Chief Petty Officer Abraham Wilde that was a motor pool sergeant stationed in Antarctica.  
Whatever command put this crew together has planned on our failure and probable death.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 209 
Date:  Wednesday, 6/30/2021 
I reported in today and met the Captain.  He was a destroyer XO for three years in the pacific.  
The engineering chief, CPO Wilde announced that he could retire any day he chose, but he'd see to it that his section was trained to survive before he retired.  He requested and received permission from the Captain to take his engineering section downtown prior to starting training.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 213 
Date:  Sunday, 7/4/2021 
Submitted another request and inquiry for the personnel to bring the ship up to 100% strength.  We still only have 60% of the required personnel.  At least our mail and pay finally caught up with us.  
Also the chief engineer wants me to talk to the quartermaster.  Upon reviewing his personnel file I discovered that he was the supply sergeant for an infantry company.  Maybe that's the reason he is giving higher priority to ammunition than repair parts.  
The chief engineer found several fuel valves that didn't meet the specifications listed in the manual.  I haven't heard of any complaints from the engineering crew even though they've been working 14 hour shifts and have half the engine room disassembled.  I can only assume the chief put a fire up their butts.  He also requested another trip to town for his crew.  
When I returned to the ship this evening the head cook brought me a list of the food supplies.  Almost a third of the food wasn't kosher.  I told him that I'd look into it, but if he knew any of the cooks on any of the other spacecraft or any in the dining facilities I would try to get authorization to transfer the food for kosher replacements.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 214 
Date:  Monday, 7/5/2021 
We have 30 days to get the kinks out of the crew before launching on our shakedown cruise.  
At 1300 we had all the section chiefs in for a complete briefing on-board.  The Captain had a friend aboard to check for listening devices before the briefing.  
Normally the crew briefings are held in the training section of the spaceport.  He had me outline the crew assigned to all sections.  Then I mentioned that the only fully qualified crew members were the clerks and cooks.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 215 
Date:  Tuesday, 7/6/2021 
This morning I had to go get 2 members of the engineering crew out of the guard house.  They were charged with drunk and disorderly conduct.  Strangely enough there were no charges from downtown.  Charges were from the Provost Marshall and gate guards and punishment was deferred to the ships captain.  I confined the offenders to the ship pending UNUMCJ proceedings.  
When the engineering chief marched his crew aboard they carried much more equipment and many more personal computers than they'd possessed when they left yesterday.  
I don't know how the information got out but I received 6 more request from the men to hold Sabbatical services.  The only room in the ship that is big enough is the #2 cargo hold.  I put on the bulletin board that services would be held at 10AM Saturday.  Also after the service and lunch everyone would to go back to work.  I'm sure that will go over well.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 217 
Date:  Thursday, 7/8/2021 
Last night in the officers club I was enjoying a good meal.  I overheard parts of a discussion about how to get rid of the Jews.  
Also two ships captains were complementing each other on not getting assigned the moon militarization mission.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 219 
Date:  Saturday, 7/10/2021 
I was surprised, almost every person aboard including the Captain was present.  
The Chief Engineer marched his whole crew into cargo hold 2 and then dismissed them.  I only saw one woman slip out.  
The chief engineer answered my inquiry later about why one of his female engineers ducked out of Sabbatical services today.  It seems that she is ultra orthodox and isn't allowed to worship in mixed company.  I'll have to see about getting a screen to separate the men and women at services.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 220 
Date:  Sunday, 7/11/2021 
This morning the environmental specialists arrived.  One was previously a mechanic and the other was a driver.  Both were rushed through a training course and after talking to them they both admitted that they didn't know enough to keep the system up to specifications.  I instructed them to contact anyone that they knew in their field and get all the manuals and information they could.  Also review the environmental files for this class spacecraft.  
The quartermaster came to me after lunch and informed me that he'd run into a problem ordering the chief engineers parts.  He was told that the delivery date would be 60 days out.  The Captain authorized me to visit the Supply depot and make any deals I could.  
Before I left for the Supply Depot I called the Chief Engineer to my office and told him what I was going to do.  The information I needed from him was a list of compatible replacement parts that would work.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 221 
Date: Monday, 7/12/2021 
Yesterdays meeting with the Supply Depot Commander was fruitful.  Three truck loads of repair parts arrived this morning at 0945.  Also the sergeant that was in charge of the delivery gave me a list of parts not in supply, with a list of alternate repair parts and a list of equipment that was compatible to replace the unrepairable equipment.  
All the ship quartermaster said was he couldn't handle all the supplies at one time and requested I get the section chiefs to report to him in cargo hold 1 with work crews. 
The chief engineer took one look at the list and claimed that he'd make this pile of junk fly if he had to rent a lifter.  He wouldn't tell me what a lifter was, but I believe if anyone can get this ship ready, he can!  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 222 
Date:  Tuesday, 7/13/2021 
The Captain returned this morning looking like he'd been up all night.  After updating him on my progress and ship status he informed me that we'd be getting 44 replacements in a week and the Personnel Chief claimed that the crew would be brought up to full strength when we docked at low orbit station 2 on our way out.  
The first shipment of our personal gear has started arriving.  If I hadn't packed 3 dress uniforms in my hand carry bags I would have been in bad shape.  The spaceport cleaner still hasn't returned the first two I turned in to them for cleaning.  
The cook approached me at lunch and handed me a list of food stuffs that he wanted to transfer along with replacement kosher food to pick up from different locations.  I called in the quartermaster and gave him a copy of the list and told him to do the proper paperwork.  Then I informed the Captain.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 226  
Date:  Saturday, 7/17/2021 
This morning there were cushions on both sides of the separation wall of cargo boxes.  However as more cargo arrives the cargo hold will be filled and then we won't have any place to hold services.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 229  
Date:  Tuesday,7/20/2021 
More of the crew arrived this morning.  As I looked over their personnel records my stomach sank down around my ankles.  Most of them were disciplinary problems and none were trained for the job  specialty they were assigned. 
After a brief talk with the Captain we went down to the crew mess where I had them waiting.  The section chiefs were already there looking them over and questioning them.  After a welcome briefing by the Captain, he left.  Then it was my turn. 
Looking at them I informed them of the history of this model spacecraft and who made it.  Then I let the section chiefs give them a brief talk about what they had found wrong, what they had managed to fix, and what they still needed to fix.  I then told everyone of them that if they returned after their only free night in town they would have their butts worked off.  First the section chiefs will teach you your jobs, then you will get hands on training by tearing down what equipment hasn't been checked and finally you will rebuild that equipment.  We have five days to launch and everyone of you will be responsible for the lives of your fellow crew members.  Am I understood.  
When they all answered affirmative, I dismissed them to their assigned section chiefs.  I instructed the section chiefs to pick up their overnight passes and issue them after the new crew members put their gear in their assigned bunks.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 230  
Date:  Wednesday, 7/21/2021 
At 0800 I looked at the morning report.  Out of 44 new crew that arrived yesterday, 29 reported for work this morning.  I hope the other 15 are long gone, we don't need their type of coward.  
At 1100 hours an ambulance pulled up to the loading dock and one of the new crew members was delivered.  His injuries were, a dislocated shoulder, mild concussion, and various cuts and abrasions.  The SP report indicated he was jumped by thugs downtown and put three in the hospital.  It wasn't until he regained consciousness this morning that they found out he was assigned to our spacecraft.  He demanded that he be brought back, over the recommendation of the doctor that treated him at the spaceport hospital.  
The Captain had me take him to the ship doctor for return to duty evaluation.  I listened as the ship doctor tell him that he would get no pain killers stronger than aspirin.  He just grinned and said, "Fair enough, just don't leave me behind."  
I reviewed his record when I returned to my office.  Three UNUMCJ punishments including a reduction in rank for fighting and AWOL.  He was pending courts martial for striking an NCO when he was reassigned to our ship.  Not a good record.  I wondered if it was the units he had been in, or something else.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 233  
Date:  Saturday, 7/24/2021 
This morning there were cushions on both sides of the separation wall of cargo boxes.  There was even a podium set up with backdrop for me.  It's looking better, but it won't last.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 236 
Date:  Tuesday, 7/27/2021  
The crew mess is now the official temple on Saturdays.  
It turned out that one of the cooks was a rabbi's assistant and is familiar with the purification procedures.  He will supervise the purification prior to each Sabbatical service.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 238 
Date:  Thursday, 7/29/2021  
Our orders are to launch at 1125 hours.  Rendezvous with low orbit station 2 at 1925 hours.  
After refueling we are to proceed to the moon, orbit twice and return to low orbit station 2.  This is to be accomplished using internal navigation calculations.  Both of the female navigators assigned used to be personnel clerks and both of them have a haunted look.  They both realize they aren't completely trained.  This is to be our fifteen day shakedown cruise.  
After returning to low orbit station 2 we will be given assignment orders.  From what I read in the protocol files, all spacecraft are supposed to be inspected and then certified prior to assignment.  This step has been omitted in our ships orders.  
All I've seen from the Captain today is a pained frown.  He appears no happier than I am with the orders received this morning.  My gut feeling of doom is stronger than ever.  
 * * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 239 
Date:  Friday, 7/30/2021  
0130 hours we fired the main rocket to change orbit in preparation for the trajectory to the moon.  After one partial orbit the main rocket burn started.  We accelerated for three hours and eight minutes and then went to free fall.  We'll be in free fall for four days before next scheduled burn.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 240 
Date:  Saturday, 7/31/2021  
I walked into the Captains ready room this morning and he had his head buried in space navigation manuals.  He didn't even notice as I set his coffee down.  When he came up for air and noticed me. He simply said, Uziah, those girls put us in a retrograde hyperbolic polar orbit around the moon.  Their burn program calls for a burn on the backside of the moon that will change the orbit enough so we'll have escape velocity after completing our second orbit.  Those words burned themselves into my brain because I knew just enough to realize we had a major problem.  He continued, If we are ordered to land on the moon we'll need half the remaining fuel just to achieve a stable orbit.  
I spent six hours checking their calculations before departure from station 2 to insure we'd get to the moon.  It wasn't until this morning that I had time to check the rest of the trajectory, burn times, and locations.  That was because the chief engineer informed me that we'd used 65% of our fuel on the first main burn.  I think that it might be best if we can't get clear reception once we approach the moon.  Is that possible? 
I told him that I'd get with communications and see what I could do.  
Over the intercom I announced that all services would be held at 11AM instead of 10AM.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 242 
Date:  Monday, 8/2/2021 
During our daily report today an amplifier shorted out.  I heard the panic in the communications clerks voice as smoke started pouring out of the equipment.  The transmitter was still keyed and transmitting as I ordered her to cut power to the receiver and grab a fire extinguisher.  
Over the intercom I heard a clam voice order all airtight doors sealed and all power cut to the bridge.  
Two minutes after the emergency lights came on the bridge hatch was cycled and the chief engineer entered with a two woman crew to disassemble the communications station.  After removing the cover panel and half the circuit boards he turned grinning and whispered, sure scared her!  Also these two boards don't belong here.  If they are what Weiss thinks they are, we've been transmitting every word spoken on the bridge and maybe in few other compartments to someone.  Weiss couldn't be sure until it was activated.  I'll have these circuits traced before reassembly.  
Then the Captain entered and told him that every station would be checked again against the schematics prior to re-powering the bridge.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.   Entry 245 
Date:  Thursday, 8/5/2021  
The Navigators came in this morning and declared that we could do a manual burn for 3 minutes after aiming the nose of the ship at the moon.  We were now far enough out so the moons gravity was negligible.  This would allow the earths gravity to slowly change our trajectory and further calculations could be made as the bridge computers came back online. 
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 248 
Date:  Sunday, 8/8/2021  
All work stations on the bridge reassembled and operational.  Navigation computer rebuilt and checked.  Navigation crew now transferring all calculation files from personal computers to bridge computers.  
We have almost a years supplies aboard, but only 32% of our fuel left.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 252 
Date:  Thur, 8/12/2021  
Navigation crew briefed the Captain and me on their revised burn plan.  Two more burns over the next two weeks using 3% of our fuel would put us on a trajectory that will bring us to earth orbit in 99 days.  Then a final main engine burn using an additional 11% of our fuel would put us in an orbit near earth station 2.  The 15 day shake down cruise would last 118 days, but we'd get back alive.  
The Captain called in the chief engineer and asked him if he could build a communications amplifier board built from components.  It must look like it is handmade and must work.  
Then he called in the rest of the section chiefs and informed them that our flight time was now about a 100 days.  He wanted every member of the crew fully trained and the smart ones cross trained before we regained earth orbit.  I also want every square meter on this ship inspected for sabotage.  More spy devices were found in the communications station.  An override circuit board was found in the pilots station.  Last but not least a sabotage circuit was found in the navigation section computer.  We'd probably already be dead if CPO Wilde hadn't made his crew disassemble and rebuild every valve, manifold, and other piece equipment in the engineering section prior to lift off.  SP6 Weiss is to be congratulated also because she and her crew found not just spy devices but two sabotage circuits built into the ship electronics.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 365 
Date:  Friday, 12/3/2021 
Final main engine burn shut down.  We are in parallel orbit with the low earth station 2 at the distance of 2 kilometers.  
The Captain was ordered over to the station for debriefing. 
While he was over there we were ordered to prepare for docking with a fuel tender.  They filled our fuel tanks and a supply ship docked and offloaded four years worth of rations.  Only a few of the repair parts we'd ordered after reestablishing communications were delivered.  One thing we didn't expect was the personal hold baggage that we didn't get before launch.  I hope my scrolls are undamaged.  My box was half crushed.  
The Captain returned and announced to the crew that due to circumstances beyond his control we are ordered to join Rear Admiral Shemeka's fleet to the asteroid belt.  Everyone would be given a chance to send messages to earth today after launch.  
Rendezvous with the fleet is today in high orbit.  Mission briefing will be after all personal communications are sent.  
A communications repair crew arrived and started tearing apart the communications station.  Their chief took one look at the two empty slots and demanded the old boards.  He wasn't happy when he saw the cannibalization.  Then he looked at the hand built board and exclaimed that it was impossible for this board to work.  Our chief engineer was telling him what had happened when I told them that we'd be launching in ten minutes.  Unless they wanted to go to the asteroid belt with us, just leave the chief all their repair parts and get off the ship.  Their chief was still complaining when they entered the airlock.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 368 
Date:  Monday, 12/6/2021  
Arrived at fleet location in high orbit. 
The Captain was ordered over to command ship for briefing.  When he returned he indicated that Fleet Commander Shemeka was not happy about the three additional UN warships that were attached to her fleet. 
She informed all the ships captains that once the fleet launched she was the absolute authority and judge for all actions the fleet participated in.  She had her orders and any orders she issued would be complied with or she would execute the offender.  This fleet was now operating under the rules of war.  None were happy with her.  
The Captain informed the crew that they needed to get all personal messages approved by the XO (me) by 1800 hours ship time.  Any not turned in before then will not be accepted or transmitted.  Fleet communications protocol allows no personal messages after 2400 hours.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry 369 
Date:  Tuesday, 12/7/2021  
The fleet launched 16 hours ago.  The fuel ships finally finished topping off all six ships and departed.  
The Captain briefed the crew.  I could see the mixed emotions of bridge crew and could imagine what others around the ship were thinking.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry  427 
Date:  Thursday, 2/3/2022, 4010 DFE 
The fleet arrived yesterday at the agreed upon conference area.  
This morning, ship time, she was contacted by a so called fleet commander from the asteroid belt.  Our weapons crew has every spacecraft of theirs located and targeting information locked into the computer.  
As per suggestion from Fleet Commander Shemeka the Captain pulled the firing circuit switch.  This modification was suggested 10 days after we departed earth orbit.  She said she didn't want any accidental launches prior to her orders.  
We are the poor boy on the block because all we have is 200 chemical warhead ship to ship missiles.  
The weapons crew notified me of the latest event with an OH SHIT!  One of the fleet started launching ballistic projectiles using their rail gun.  Fleet Commander Shemeka requested the asteroid belt Commander to dispatch one of his fighters to stop them after their ship turned and tried to run for it.  
If a single fighter can slice one of our fleet ships to pieces we are outclassed as far as weapons go.  After the fighter sliced the rocket engines off and they refused to cut power she had her ship launch 2 missiles and the renegade fleet ship was turned into a radioactive fireball.  
She evidently made some agreement with the asteroid belt commander because we've been ordered to calculate a low energy trajectory to Mars.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry  472 
Date:  Sunday, 20 March 2022, 4870 DFE  
The fleet arrived and we took station around Mars and were instructed to aim all recording devices at the planet.  We were also instructed to transmit live with no editing.  
We all watched as an asteroid was accelerated and launched at Mars.  The results were devastating.  I'm glad we are as far out as we are.  The devastation on mars with its less dense atmosphere would have much greater on the earth.  Whoever this asteroid fleet commander is he sure knows how to make a point.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry  474 
Date:  Tuesday, 22 March 2022, 4872 DFE 
Received orders to stop recording and transmitting images of Mars and set low energy course for earth.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry  483 
Date:  Thursday, 31 March 2022, 4881 DFE 
Commo brought me an intercepted message from UN Earth High Command last night just at 2056 hours.  After reading it I told the communications person that this message was to be kept secret.  She simply asked what we were going to do.  I told her that the Captain and I would decide.  
After 5 hours sealed in the Captains quarters the communications clerk started pounding on the hatch.  The Captain had left orders that we were not to be disturbed unless the safety of the ship was in jeopardy.  
She handed me a stack of messages when I answered the door and said she'd put her relief in charge of communications and she was sworn to silence.  
The dispatches were encrypted and were between the three original ships of the fleet.  Not 20 minutes later she started knocking on the hatch again.  However this time it was the navigator that had news.  The original squadron had changed course without notification.  The Captain told me to take the bridge and we were now on full alert status, watch the other close ship and Fleet Commander Shemeka's group of ships.  
I ordered the navigator to plot the trajectories of all ships and have her relief plot an intercept courses and fuel consumption projections for each.  
At 0600 the Captain made an announcement.  It was his opinion that the UN High Command had been infiltrated with persons that were only after power, and didn't care about the survive-ability of main body of the human race.  In his professional opinion returning to earth would be hazardous to the ship and crew.  Therefore I am ordering the XO to plot an intercept course with Fleet Admiral Shemeka's original 3 warships and we will follow her lead.  
I immediate hit the klaxon and announced that we'd be changing course in 5 minutes.  Then I told the pilot to get new trajectory data from navigation and the weapons station to monitor the remaining ship.  The last thing we need is to be surprised by them firing on us.  
Communications announced that the last ship was calling us.  After having the feed transferred to my station I told them that we were following the Fleet Commander.  She hadn't issued orders, but had set the example.  I then informed their captain that we were on full alert and anyone firing on us would not survive.  
He then informed me that traitors like the Fleet Commander and us would be dealt with by the UN High Command.  He had full information on our and the asteroid ships that would make it easy to destroy us all.  He had a duty to return that information to earth.  
I instructed commo to set up a narrow beam transmission to Fleet Admiral Shemeka's group of ships as soon as we were out of missile range from ship 2173.  
You could have cut the atmosphere on the bridge with a knife for the next two hours.  Then we made contact with the fleet.  Admiral Shemeka apologized to the Captain for keeping him in the dark about her plan, but as a last minute addition to her fleet she didn't completely trust any of the captains except her own.  
Communications then intercepted a message from Fleet Commander Shemeka to Fleet Commander Brandon of the asteroid fleet.  It was an unconditional surrender of her fleet to him personally.  
* * *
LT Levi's personal Journal.  Entry  487 
Date:  4885 DFE, Monday 4/4/2022  
Received orders from Fleet Admiral Shemeka to proceed to Ceres, land and secure the ship to the asteroid.  We were to maintain radio listening silence.  
Then I gave our destination to navigation to plot the course.  An hour later they came back and said we were on a better trajectory than the other ships.  We can almost catch up with them if you want to expend the extra fuel, otherwise we'll be 9 hours behind them at Ceres.  
* * *
These are the logs and letters located on CPO Abraham Wilde's personal computer.  These should be helpful in determining his probable loyalty and suitability to assignment within the BMDF.  Initial evaluation is extremely positive.  Also mentioned several places is a SP6 Weiss.  She maintained personal log, but comments here put her in a positive position also.  
* * *
3 May 2020 
Shalom Shulamit, 
Today is another day in this frozen land that I don't look forward to.  Last week my counterpart in the air motor pool was promoted and received reassignment orders.  As the only Petty Officer left assigned to this frozen base I've been assigned an additional position.  My ground motor pool is now secondary and I have the air motor pool as a primary position.  
Helicopters are a lot different than snow cats.  I have one sergeant, 3 specialist fourth class, and 3 privates as workers.  The air section is as under strength as my ground section is.  As of yesterday of the five choppers assigned only two were airworthy.  
At least I can retire in two years.  However I remember what Ab used to pound into my head.  Do your best all your life to honor your family.  
Shalom 
Abraham 
* * *
9 June 2021 
Shalom Shulamit, 
Today is another day in this frozen land that I don't look forward to.  I've been reassigned from one frozen land to another frozen land.  I don't know whether this will be a better position or not.  At least they promoted me to Chief Petty Officer again.  
However this time I'm assigned to a Chinese built spacecraft.  After looking up the type spacecraft I discovered that there were only five built.  Three of them have crashed or exploded in the last five years.  At least according to what I've found out the two left are used as training sites, so I'll find out what my duties will be when I get there.  
My replacement will arrive by plane in the morning and I have to be ready because it is scheduled to only be on the ground for thirty minutes.  I got permission for my ground motor pool corporal to pack up all my gear and ship it out on the next transport. 
Shalom, 
Abraham 
* * *
25 June 2021 
Shalom Shulamit, 
I traveled directly to Siberia, since I had no reason to stop anywhere for more than a couple of days relaxation.  I was warmly received and even started making a few friends among the single NCO's.  
Shalom, 
Abraham 
* * *
30 June 2021 
Shalom Shulamit, 
Today I met the executive officer and captain of the Chinese spacecraft.  They are as qualified as I am.  The Captain was the executive officer on a destroyer.  The XO seems to be very silent about his last posting, but I get the feeling that he is a rabbi.  
Let me tell you what happened last night.  I was at the NCO club with a couple of my new friends when the group a the next table mentioned the Jew ship.  This individual was bragging that he knew that the powers that be had decided to get rid of a bunch of them at one time and it would look like an unfortunate accident.  I hoped that it was the liquor talking.  
It didn't connect until I met the XO this morning with his haunted look and I got a look at the personnel assigned to my engineering section.  Only one of my section has received any training on rockets.  Most are just mechanics and have never been in a spacecraft.  
Shalom, 
Abraham 
* * *
3 July 2021 
Shalom Shulamit, 
I'm sorry to hear that you're not feeling well.  Don't worry about me.  You need to put all your strength into getting well.  
Three quarters of my engineering section has reported.  I'm having them disassemble the engineering section, bolt by bolt.  Half the fuel control valves don't come up to specifications.  Most weren't even torqued to specification.  I think the dream I had about this ship may have been a warning, and I'm going to work my crew until launch date to insure everything that comes under my control is properly prepared to work at maximum efficiency.  
So don't worry, I have more of a chance at getting injured crossing the street.  The drivers here are worse than those in Paris.  
I don't know how much it helped, but I led a prayer service in the engineering section followed by reading from the Torah this morning.  The crews morale seemed to be better afterwards.  I know today is the Sabbath, but we need all the time we can get to fix this ship. 
Shalom, 
Abraham 
* * *
personal engineering log of CPO Wilde. 
Date:  Sunday, 4 July 2021 
Talked to the XO early this morning.  The quartermaster doesn't seem concerned with the repair parts I've requisitioned.  He was an infantry company supply sergeant and only seems concerned with the weapon systems.  
* * *
6 July 2021 
Shalom Shulamit, 
I'm glad to hear that you're feeling better.  
Sunday morning an officer showed up with our pay and mail.  Personally I think he was taking a headcount and using our pay as reason.  Strangely everyone's direct deposit to our cards were canceled when we were transferred here.  He paid us in local currency.  
I've worked my engineering crew about fourteen hours a day since they got here.  Yesterday after briefing them on what they could and couldn't do I took them all downtown again.  It isn't much of a city.  They all realize the gravity of our situation and since we will be launching at the end of July they spent like wild men.  
A trip in space takes months.  The toys they bought would keep every man in a small town happy for a year.  I think that the biggest problem the power crew will have is resetting circuit breakers if everyone plugs in their new computers at one time.  
Shalom, 
Abraham 
* * *
personal engineering log of CPO Wilde. 
Date:  Wednesday, 7 July 2021 
A SP6 cornered me in the mess this morning.  She simply said she knew one of the commo guys from Antarctica and he'd told her that if she needed help she could count on me.  
When I said 'what?', she handed me a disk.  
She explained that on it was a complete list of tools and repair parts that commo was short.  
I informed her that the Chinese junk on the ships table of equipment wasn't quality equipment. 
She just smiled and stated that she knew that and everything was cross referenced to quality parts with stock numbers.  She'd already turned the requisitions into supply but the quartermaster seemed apathetic.  
* * *
personal engineering log of CPO Wilde. 
Date:  Sunday, 11 July 2021 
The XO called me in this morning and informed me that he was going to see the post quartermaster in person.  He wanted me to make up a list of everything the engineering section needed along with a list of parts that could be used as replacements.  
I went and got my computer and made a disk with every part and compatible replacement part cross referenced.  
He looked surprised when I handed him a disk in less than 5 minutes.  He was really surprised as he looked over the list at the number of electronics included.  
I answered his questioning look by informing him that the ranking commo gal had asked my assistance.  She knew one of the commo guys from Antarctica where I was assigned. 
His only comment was 'Well done chief!'  
* * *
personal engineering log of CPO Wilde. 
Date:  Monday, 12 July 2021 
Got a call from the XO to report to cargo bay 1 with a work crew.  When I objected he simply said it would be worth my while to get a crew up there ASAP.  Well after looking over the packing list I called for more of my crew and also commo.  
Not only did half my requisitioned parts arrive but quite a few adapters not on my list.  Also there were cases of gaskets, nuts and bolts.  
Commo had all their parts plus several cases of raw electronic parts and specialty tools not listed on any TO&E I'd ever seen.  SP6 Weiss looked like she was going to have an orgasm as she drooled over the tool kits and parts.  When I questioned her she just mumbled, 'depot level, depot level.'  
* * *
personal engineering log of CPO Wilde. 
Date:  Wednesday, 14 July 2021 
My hold baggage arrived with the baggage of most of the other assigned personnel yesterday afternoon.  
Finally got it unpacked around midnight.  I don't know how he did it but all my personal tools and one of the special modified radio's were in there along with notes from the guys in both motor pools and commo.  
Their notes indicated that my replacement immediately endeared himself to the ground motor pool personnel and cat drivers by going in and trashing half the repair parts, especially those modified to work in the frozen climate.  In a week, readiness dropped 25%.  He ignored the air motor pool claiming it wasn't part of his assigned duties.  The pilots are already talking about getting him replaced.  They had to go out and rescue a cat crew that broke down on a rescue mission and then go pull the original rescue mission with no ground backup.  
They said they'd keep me informed and one of the commo guys asked if I'm met the commo fox that he knew.  If I met her in Siberia, she could do wonders with anything that had a circuit board.  
* * *
personal engineering log of CPO Wilde. 
Date:  Thursday, 15 July 2021 
Requested the XO have SP6 Weiss report to engineering section.  He informed me that commo temporarily came under engineering for now and there was to be no hanky-panky between us.  It was her request for the change in command structure.  
When she arrived 2 hours later, I chewed her out for requesting a command structure change and then leaned back and smiled as she stuttered an apology.  Then I informed her that her friend in Antarctica had called her a commo fox and I expected her and her section to live up to accolade she had been burdened with.  
She looked at me like a lover and then firmly stated that her section would exceed any expectations and standards that I could come up with.  She had already started a list of defective equipment that needed to be repaired or replaced before take off.  When I handed her my radio she simply said, he improved it?  Whats the clear range now?  
I told her that I hadn't used it past 308KM.  I need 3 with built in encryption for use within the ship so they can't interfere with any of the spacecraft electronics.  Also I want to know where every spy device is and where the officers can talk without being overheard.  I could see the awareness blossom as she looked around the engineering section and listened to the background noise and radio playing.  She simply said wilco and left.  
One of my mechanics came over and commented that I shouldn't be so hard on her, after-all she was only a commo geek.  
Looking at him I informed him that she was tougher than he was.  He could be polishing the insides of the combustion chambers instead of trying to eavesdrop.  
* * *
21 July 2021 
Shalom Shulamit, 
Forty four new crew reported yesterday escorted by a detachment of SP's. Ten were mine, however after the briefing given by the XO none of them looked real happy.  I don't understand completely, but he instructed us section chiefs to brief them on the condition of the ship and then introduce them around the sections.  Then we were to give them an overnight pass and cut them free with the order to report for work this morning.  
Only eight of my ten reported this morning.  All the XO said when I turned in my report this morning was 'good'.  Then about 1500 hours I was called to sick bay.  Another of my engineering section crew was back and he looked like he'd been beaten to a pulp.  
I found out after talking to the doctor that the post hospital didn't want to release him back to the ship, but he'd insisted.  The doctor told him that the strongest pain medication he would get was aspirin.  Strangely he just smiled.  
Outside the XO simply said 'watch him and work his butt off'. 
Shalom, 
Abraham 
* * *
personal engineering log of CPO Wilde. 
Date:  Saturday, 24 July 2021 
One of the commo girls passed me a note after service to meet the fox in her quarters an hour after 3rd shift started.  
I received several sideways looks and overheard a few comments as I traversed the corridors this evening.  She met me at her door wearing pajamas and pulled me in quickly.  Then she commented to the woman across the hall that this was personal business and to keep her mouth shut.  
In a second I knew that it would be all over the ship before the end of the shift.  She then commented, that should give us cover.  I've debugged the female quarters and commo, but the bridge, captains quarters and all the senior NCO's and officers quarters as well as the work stations are still bugged.  
I commented, to bad you didn't arrange for the Captain and XO to meet us here for this information.  
She then said, I'll need your help to debug the engineering section.  A small fire would do perfectly.  Can you arrange that tomorrow on 2nd shift.  All I need is enough smoke to set off the fire alarms in the ship.  Then I can also check the engineering computer.  
* * *
personal engineering log of CPO Wilde. 
Date:  Sunday, 25 July 2021 
Three hours into 2nd shift she walked in and handed me a note and it read, I need five minutes with the computer.  We got several looks from my female mechanics as we worked on the computer and then she left.  
About ten minutes later I got a call from the bridge that they were going to test the engineering computer for fuel control, make sure all manual fuel valves were cut off and the ignition chamber was buttoned up.  
After verbally telling my crew to button up the ignition chamber and double check all fuel valves I called the bridge and told them to go ahead.  Less than a minute later smoke started pouring out of the computer and the fire alarms went off.  I yelled to pull all the power circuit breakers and get the fire equipment.  As the ship powered off I could hear the yelling from other compartments to abandon ship.  I sent all but two of my crew out with instructions to assemble anyone that left the ship just outside the main airlock.  Then I sent one of them to get the Captain, XO, and commo chief.  While we were waiting for them to arrive I had her help me remove all the cover panels from the computer.  
As we removed the top covers she pointed and started to say something.  
I put my fingers to my lips and said spray down those boards that are still smoking.  
SP6 Weiss arrived first with the Captain a step behind her.  I held up my card with the words this compartment is bugged while giving him a situation report about the computer malfunction and pointing to the two obvious microphones attached to the computer top and bottom.  
Weiss meanwhile was tracing the circuits back from the microphones and pulling out the cards they went to.  She gave us the all clear then said several of these boards shorted and I'll have to replace them.  It should be safe to power back up now.  
Then the Captain whispered, did you set this up?  
My reply that we thought that we had all the spy bugs out of engineering now didn't shock him as much as when I told him almost every compartment in the ship was bugged.  After we power everything back up she'll check for safe conversation areas and then we'll discuss when and where we remove the rest of the spy devices.  
Shortly the XO walked in with the base fire marshal.  He wanted to know what caught fire and how much damage there was.  He volunteered a repair crew to help with the repairs.  
The Captain just told him that if he wanted to help he could get the fire equipment that we were short delivered and replace the equipment we'd used to put out this fire.  Our commo section would handle the computer repairs and they'd have a list of damaged parts by the end of the shift or else, and gave me a look that should have frozen my blood.  
I turned to Weiss and gruffly told her that the Captain wanted a list of everything that was broke by the end of the shift.  Get her crew down here and get to work fixing it.  She gave me an appropriately terrified look and scampered out.  I could tell that my female mechanic was about to bust out laughing so I told her to get the shift crew back in here, and I wanted the deck and walls clean enough to eat off of before the end of the shift.  
As the Captain escorted the fire marshal out I overheard him saying, that chief petty officer, I bust him down a grade or two if he worked for me.  He doesn't know how to handle subordinates.  
Weiss sundered back in with her commo crew and simply said, I want this computer rebuilt to these specifications.  She had two rolled up blueprints and I could tell from a glance that they weren't the Chinese specifications that I had.  Then she handed me a note saying, we're still transmitting even with the main power cut off.  I've got a lot more checking to do.  You need to check for alternate power sources not listed on the ship specs.  
* * *
personal engineering log of CPO Wilde. 
Date:  Tuesday, 27 July 2021 
The fire marshal was as good as his word.  We received all the shipboard fire fighting equipment that was authorized.  The communications repair parts list was expedited and arrived last night.  
Also last night my power crew finally located the circuits that were powering several parts of the ship that weren't in the ship schematics.  By now everyone on the ship knew that there were spy devices aboard and when my crew interrupted the alternate power supply Weiss was able to determine that it was the the only alternate power source.  The Captain has decided to leave it in place until we were on our way to the moon. 
* * *
28 July 2021 
Rabbi Lewis, 
Tomorrow we launch.  Thank you for informing me of my mothers death.  I will not be able to attend her funeral.  Please make sure that everything is handled properly.  She never informed me how sick she was. 
If there are any expenses not covered, send me a message.  I'll be in space for less than a month and should be able to reimburse you when we get back from the moon.  
Thank you again for your friendship to her in her last days.  
Shalom, 
Abraham 
* * *
personal engineering log of CPO Wilde. 
Date:  Saturday, 31 July 2021 
SP6 Weiss and her commo crew informed me that they were sure they'd located every spy microphone and disconnected them.  We could now connect the alternate power source to the main buss and use it as a backup.  
However she found what she thought was another spy circuit on the bridge in the communications panel and wired it to burn as soon as it was activated.  

* ToC *

Chapter 9  The Contractor

Orders came in reassigning all the crew except the Captain, the bridge crew, and Chief Albertson.  We were to pick up an engineering section crew for the ion drives and then proceed to Ceres Station in the asteroid belt.  
The trip was easy.  Then we found out who the contractor was.  Chief Weiss told the Captain she wanted to resign her commission and retire.  When he asked her where, she replied here on Ceres station if they will take me.  Then she walked off the ship and returned in less than an hour with the civilian station owner, Joanna Warren.  She asked the Captain for permission to use the alien program computer and give Joanna a copy of the journal with her name on it.  The Captain agreed. 
* * *
Excerpts from Joanna Flame Warren's diary/journal by Joanna, remainder of diary destroyed by Joanna.  
Mom and Dad insisted that I start technical training.  They sent me to Tim's Cave.  
[2004] After spending 2 years learning about ships environmental systems they let me come home to Phoenix and then shipped me off to the reservation.  
[2008] The old woman they had me living with was a bitch and a medicine woman. Talk about crawling around like a baby.  She had me collecting plants and herbs for almost a year and then started me on making herbal medicines.  
[2010] After that I was sent to Jones Security and given to one of their personnel for a six month medical training.  She kept me busy helping, I had my hands in everything from common colds to field surgery.  Talk about an eye opener.  
[2011] Then they gave me to a survivalist in the mountains of Tennessee.  After about a week I figured out that he was the unofficial doctor in that area.  We did everything from setting bones to removing bullets.  He mainly used herbs, but he knew when to grab the modern medicine.  My herb collection almost doubled.  He also made me collect, prepare the remedies, and preserve the seeds for all the herbs we used.  
[2012]  Mom called me home and told me that I had to go help Alexis.  They shipped me to the space station.  Dutch, Lin, and Kit were on the ship.  After two months we left for the moon.  
[2016]  At the moon we picked up more ship modules and 3 more ships.  Then I was given command of all 4 ships and we departed for the Asteroid belt.  
[2018]  After 19 months trip time in this tin can we finally arrived.  It was great to see Alexis.  He was not the older brother I remembered.  He didn't swagger any more, he seemed almost a old as Dad.  My first impression of his wife was that she was another Liz.  His wife was tough as nails until we got to the J5 area and I got to know her.  I guess, I'd grown up myself because not only my crews but his listened to me.  Oh I got corrected, but they were all very respectful.  Only one young man told me off and when I started flicking fire between my fingers, he simply told me to think about it and flew off.  I went to see Glenda and all she said was You've met your match!  
Alexis got back the next day, and the first thing he asked me was if I was in love because he'd never seen me looking so weird.  I shoved him back into the airlock and went to my room and cried for the rest of the morning.  
[Day 2869]  Glenda cornered me this morning and told me that a three foot square of the garden had been marked off for me.  She wanted me to pick a few herbs and grow them there.  After looking at the vegetables they had planted I picked a few that doubled as spices.  When I checked my collection I found out that Mom and added two footlockers of seed packs with a letter.  In it she outlined the powers that each of them had and cautioned me to practice in private until I could control them completely.  She told me things about Dad that I'd never even guessed and warned me about his power that Sunflower had accidentally picked up and had her terrified until she had to use it to save us one time.  
[Day 2871]  Finally caught Alexis alone and asked him how much he knew about the family history and powers they had.  It was the first time I'd ever seen fear on his face.  When his pipe shape birthmark faded he told me to sit down and after several hours of talking I realized that all my brothers and sisters were as dangerous as I was.  
I'd only had to protect myself one time and then I had to call Dutch to get rid of the bodies.  
Now I know why the old Indian medicine woman had given me a secret power name and told me to repeat it to no one except my life mate.  She said it was for his protection.  
Alexis told me that he would get a safe area set up for me to train in.  Until then if I felt myself slipping I was to suit up and go outside until he could get there.  I wasn't even to practice my self defense exercises or gymnastics when anyone else was around.  Strong physical activity with competition could bring out the powers until I had complete control.  Then he confided in me that he'd almost lost control with one of the trainers after he got to the belt.  
[Day 2875]  I was introduce to Gulab.  I asked her if I could look at her swagger stick claiming that I never held one.  She whipped it around and stopped an inch from my ear and quietly asked if I was going to burn it also.  I laughed and told her that one charcoal end was all that a swagger stick should have.  A flicker of fear crossed her face and then she told me that my temper could kill and I needed to become an iron-maiden until the right man came along.  Turning to Alexis she quietly informed him that he would personally train all members of his family and any husbands or wives they had.  Then she asked him how many of his sibling had power.  When he answered her, All do, she simply said, I have some friends on the moon that will need training if they ever get here.  You'll get them too.  
[Day 2891]  Alex had stripped module 3 set up with nitrogen atmosphere.  He informed me that all training was to be done in spacesuit with gloves and helmet removed.  
[Day 2892]  Alex started me off burning holes in a chunk of asteroid they'd somehow gotten in through the cargo hatch.  
[Day 2953]  Getting good enough that I can mimic a laser engraver.  When I showed Alexis he had William Lashel bring over several metal plates with the schematics.  
[Day 2955]  Finally got the one good plate etched.  Now William wants me to fill the etching with melted gold. 
[Day 2968]  Had to start over several times after messing up and finally got one complete.  Then William took one look at it and told me that it was a piece of crap and started pointing out imperfections.  Damn it, I wanted to give him a hot foot.  Instead I just threatened to burn a hole in his spacesuit.  He backed into the airlock and slammed the hatch, the only problem was his gloves were still on the shelf by the door.  After a few minutes I floated over and opened the hatch to toss in his gloves and found him with his helmet off laughing.  Looking at the expression on my face he stated that I was almost ready to marry.  
[Day 2970]  William caught me in the dining area and asked me to become his wife because we were a match made in the belt, and he had already fallen in love with me.  Then he kicked off and out the door.  
That afternoon I asked Glenda what I should do.  She answered that if I loved him she would arrange the wedding.  She and Alexis had already talked about us and approved because of our interaction.  Alexis had noticed the sparks flying whenever both of us were in the same area.  
That evening Glenda published the information and set the date for Day 2981.
[Day 2980]  Star and her husband arrived with cargo from main base.  
[Day 2981]  Star stood with me at the altar and Alexis gave Bill away.  They wouldn't allow me to kiss him.  Star and Glenda took me over to the practice module and talked to me for over an hour explaining precautions I had to take and remember.  When Alexis brought Bill over he gave us a briefing that was military in design before they left.  I then told Bill my secret name and made him repeat it until he began to show signs like that of my birthmark.  During our first kiss the module pressure alarm went off and we had to patch two holes in the hull.  I'd burned them right through the hull with my eyes closed.  We had an interesting first night.  I damn near killed us both several times.  We even had to suit up one time until the environmental system could correct the module atmosphere.  
[Day 2982]  When we entered the main habitat we were met at the airlock by Star and Alexis.  They looked at us and congratulated us on surviving our first night and said that Bill might live to be an old man.  However we needed to move our honeymoon module further away from J5 before any more damage was done to the area.  The main habitat and several ships had been holed during the night period and there was a large hole in one of the asteroids that made up the wall.  
[Day 2985]  Our module is now four light seconds from J5 and out of direct line of sight.  Alexis gave us a week for our honeymoon before we have to report back to work.  
[Day 2991]  This morning we're headed back to J5.  It's a good thing that we parked our ship on the other side of a large asteroid.  Even so there was a one inch hole completely through the asteroid and ship.  It didn't take long to patch, but we spent ten hours inspecting everything before we fired up the electronics and main rocket.  My subconscious is learning to control my powers even while I'm having fun.  
[Day 2992]  We were challenged when we approached J5.  Our ship set off the radiation alarms.  Upon closer inspection it wasn't the ship, it was the ionization surrounding us.  Once we became aware of it, it was easy to dissipate.  
[Day 3000]  When cleaning up this morning I caught a glimpse of my right arm.  I've got a faint mark there and it looks like the tattoo that Bill has on his arm.  Got to remember to ask him where he got it.  
[Day 3072]  Alexis gave Bill and me the strangest instructions.  He said use our intuition to go out and get a load of radioactive ore.  We shoved off after the evening meal.  
[Day 3073]  After breakfast I asked Bill which way he wanted to go and he pointed back toward the engine compartment, so we rotated the ship and accelerated for about half an hour.  
[Day 3075]  Bill wanted to stop and investigate a few asteroids that the radar showed at extreme range.  
[Day 3076]  One of them was almost pure lead.  We used the laser to slice it into three foot thick slices and then rounded 6 of the slices to fit inside the Module 5 cargo frame.  I insisted that we also cut a few spacers to keep the disk apart.  
[Day 3077]  We now have them all secured.  I started off in the direction we were originally headed and Bill changed our course out of the belt.  
[Day 3113]  Bill decelerated the ship and started checking every asteroid we passed this morning.  
[Day 3115]  I guess Bill finally found what he was looking for.  The alarm on the  spectrograph finally went off.  
[Day 3116]  We backed off from the asteroid he says is the one and started cutting it into sections.  
[Day 3120]  We finally got all we figured we could safely carry loaded.  Our instruments indicate that we're more radioactive than our cargo, but that's impossible.  Using every data program in the computer, we should not have any safety problems with our load.  I've checked and checked.  I'm still worried because I think I've missed my second month in a row.  
[Day 3158]  Arrived J5 with as much radioactive ore that we thought we could safely carry.  Told Bill to get some help and separate the mod 5 from our ship and park it someplace, because I had to go to the main habitat.  Told Glenda my problem and she immediately took me to the medical section.  I'm going to be a mother.  The damn doctor put me on bed rest and says he has a dozen more test that he has to run because I've been around radioactive ores.  Alexis is worried all to hell and says he feels guilty about sending me out in my delicate condition.  
[Day 3175]  I don't know what's gotten into Alexis.  He looks more and more worried every time I see him.  At noon meal today he told Bill to prepare the ship, he had a dispatch for me to carry to the Assembly and he suggested that while I was there I get a through medical exam.  He also said that I should see a certain doctor and the results should be sealed until I get back here.  
[Day 3176]  This morning just before we were going to depart Glenda boarded our ship and said he told her to go with us and get a full medical.  
[Day 3203]  Doctor Venu started on us this afternoon after I met with the Assembly yesterday.  He was very thorough with both of us. I was never poked and prodded in so many places.  I think he took enough pictures to do a documentary.  He even ran me back through the ID machine and drew lots of blood to check.  The computer disk and papers he sealed in an envelope weren't to be opened until we were back in J5 in the presence of Alexis.  Glenda had an envelope just like mine.  Bill took the envelopes and taped them to the wall.  All he would say was that he hoped that Alexis knew what he was doing.  
[Day 3240]  Arrived back this morning and Alexis told us to take it easy and he'd see us after 2nd shift meal.  He tossed Bill my envelope and told him to read the results, and if there was anything he didn't want him to see, he could cover the data.  Then he started on Glenda's envelope.  I watched both their faces go through the full spectrum of emotions.  After they finished the papers they started looking at the data disk.  When they called the Doc in Glenda and I got worried.  
Doc after checking several of the data disk told them to buck up and left laughing his head off.  
Then they conferred for a few minutes and told us that we'd better get prepared for a large family.  I was carrying twins and so was Glenda.  The really disturbing physical trait that both sets had wasn't outlined in his letter, but several concerns were.  
* * *
Joanna knew the Melbourne family so I printed up their logs also.  Then I questioned Joanna and found out that another friend had plans for modular spacecraft years ago, but couldn't get the funding.  With a smile I handed her the Miner 2 logs.  
* * *
Friday, day 780.  Completed reassembling Crew ship 2 into Miner 2 yesterday, configuration 5, 1, 2, 4.  We decided that Alice would be the Captain and I would be the crew (James Melbourne).  The first assignment Steve gave us was to survey spin-ward for usable asteroids.  We leave after the meal & conference period today.  
[2035 hrs.]  Alice acted just like a captain, she pointed in a direction and said lets go that-away.  I gave the ship 1 minute at 1/2 power from the main rocket.  Instruments indicated we were departing the main base at 186 m/s.  
Saturday, day 781.  Nothing interesting on radar.  The computer is mapping an area of about a thousand miles in all directions.  The radar display shows relative speed and size of all objects.  Any asteroids we tag get a laser shot and the spectrograph records the spectrum of that asteroid.  Damn this is boring work and Alice just sits there with a smug grin on her face teasing me.  
Sunday, Day 782.  Same routine all day, only one asteroid gave an unusual spectrum reading.  
Monday, day 783.  All day long Alice wandered around the ship with a blanket wrapped around her.  Several times I had trouble concentrating on my work.  We finally settled down to 8 hours on and 8 off.  
Tuesday, day 784.  After relieving Alice at the controls this morning, I watched her float around for about an hour.  I snatched the blanket away from her and discovered that she wasn't wearing anything under it.  I set the controls on full automatic, shed my shorts and chased her around the cabin until I caught her.  A certain physical activity is extremely hard in zero gravity.  
Wednesday, day 785.  Only interesting asteroid we located was one consisting of ammonia ice.  Put a radio beacon on it.  
Thursday, day 786.  Another boring day.
Friday, day 787.  Alice and I discussed changing course and going more toward the outer edge of the belt.  
Saturday, day 788.  Put radio beacons on two more ice asteroids. 
Sunday, day 789.  Thruster number 6 malfunctioned.  Cut all power and Alice went out to replace it.  
Monday, day 790.  Started turn and now mapping back towards main base.  
Tuesday, day 791.  Alice having to much fun teasing me.  We finally figured out that bungee cords fastened to the edges of a blanket will hold us together.  
Wednesday, day 792.  Put beacons on three more ice asteroids and one ferrous one.  
Thursday, day 793.   Changed course again toward outer side of belt.  
Friday, day 794.  When I started shift this afternoon Alice pointed toward the left side of the ship and told me that that was the direction she wanted me to go.  
Saturday, day 795.  Hit a pocket where there were no asteroids within radar range for about 3 hours.  Then we started getting hard reflections from the radar.  Changed course to parallel the reflections.  
Sunday, day 796.  Took the day off after picking 3 asteroids and bring ship to almost zero movement in relation to them.  
Monday, day 797.  Alice had first shift this morning.  After moving the ship closer to the wall of asteroids she started taking spectrograph reading from them.  
Tuesday, day 798.  This afternoon I awoke to hear her screaming and waiving her arms.  It took almost 10 minutes to quiet her down and then after reading the spectrograph I joined her in celebration.  
Wednesday, day 799.  Tied off to the asteroid.  It's almost as big as the ship.  We spent 4 hours trying to figure out how to transport it and finally decided to partially disassemble the module 5 and weld the asteroid to it.  
Wednesday, day 806.  Finally got the basket (module 5) solidly welded and bolted to the asteroid and started back under minimum power.  
Friday, day 815.  We've had to trim the asteroid several times and finally got it in a configuration that allows us to accelerate and see where we're going.  Alice claims that we've set the record for time in a spacesuit.  I know we've set a record for largest or heaviest load moved by rocket power. 
Thursday, day 828.  Arrived back at main base.  First comment by several of the others was, What the hell did you do to your ship?  
Filed by James Melbourne, Thursday day 828.
* * *
Friday, day 829.  We have the bragging rights for now.  It's been decided that with a few more minor modifications we'll use the ship to transport the asteroid back to earth orbit.  Alice and I both want to see earth one more time, so we are going to crew the ship back.  
Sunday, day 831.  1st shift today we launched and Crew ship 3 followed us out of belt to clear space and then refueled us for the trip.  
Tuesday, day 833.  Received message from the Space Station wanting to know what 1st shipment was.  We replied that they would need a big hammer to break it.  We heard Steve comment from the main base that he hoped that they had the manufacturing station operational because they would be very surprised.  The reply from the station was that they would be waiting.  Then Steve sent them a request for supplies that made me wonder how much this cargo was really worth.  
Thursday, day 849.  Trajectory and speed set for earth intercept orbit.  All systems functioning normally.  No problems detected after full inspection of ship.  
Saturday, day 865.  Exercises are driving us up the walls of the cabin.  I'm going to radio the station and check on the ship structure to see if our plan will work.  My idea is to use the thrusters to rotate the ship around the center of gravity in the load to give us a little artificial gravity and how fast we'll have to spin.  Also if it will affect our trajectory.  
Wednesday, day 869.  Received message that our plan was risky, but could be accomplished.  They suggested that we close all fuel valves to main engine, pump all fuel into rear tanks, transfer all liquids into lower tanks, reconfigure the supplies in module 4 and reconfigure module 2 prior to any rotation.
Tuesday, day 875.  All preparations made.  Using tail thruster started 1 rotation  minute.  We forgot to secure some small items in module 1 and were pelted with pencils and papers.  Took us about 10 hours to accustom ourselves to the artificial gravity.  
Wednesday, day 876.  Finished double checking everything.  After conference with station we are going to increase to 2 revolutions per minute.  They estimate 4 revolutions per minute would be maximum that the ship can structurally withstand.  
Friday, day 878.  1st shift, Alice decided to increase to 3 revolutions per minute.  
Saturday, day 879.  The only problem we've had at 3 revolutions per minute is that the bunk collapsed under the weight of both our bodies.  
Wednesday, day 897.  We are able to spend more and more time back in the lower portion of module 4.  It still seems that we weight a ton back there by the main rocket, but the benefits are good.  
Monday, day 1063.  Something hit us today.  It slowed our rotation to 2.3 revolutions per minute, and gave us a spin.  We stopped the spin and rotation abound our cargo.  Nose of ship is now pointed toward the Sun.  
Tuesday, day 1064.  Patched 3 holes in hull.  Plan on going outside for complete inspection after we get some rest and food. 
Thursday, day 1066.  Complete exterior inspection completed.  Main rocket nozzle has a crack in it running half way from the chip in the end toward the fuel mixer.  Found an external leak in the number 3 hydrogen tank.  Patched.  
Friday, day 1067.  Still venting atmosphere somewhere in module 2.  Set up airlocks on both ends of module and triple checked the spacesuits.  Informed belt main station and earth space station that we are moving into module 4.  
Wednesday, day 1087.  Spending more and more time in suits and module 1.  Module 4 smells like a pigpen.  We don't have enough oxygen left to pressurize module 2 and have fuel to make earth orbit.  
Saturday, day 1089.  Completed first series of trajectory adjustments.  We're both praying a lot because even at 1/4 thrust the we can feel things crumpling in the ship frame.  
Sunday, day 1097.  Main engine quit working.  
Tuesday, day 1099.  Only two thrusters still working.  We spotted the ship from space station on intercept.  ETA 9 hours.  
Wednesday, day 1100.  Arrived vicinity earth space station.  Obits matched and we transferred to another station shuttle.  All Alice wants to do is get a hot shower and crawl into a clean bunk.  
Friday, day 1102.  Fredericks informed us that we were in good enough physical condition for a trip to earth.  Alice refused to even go to the airlock or get on any spacecraft.  I concurred.  
Friday, day 1109.  Fredericks informed us this morning at breakfast that our ship would not be repaired.  It would be turned into a training device.  He also informed us that a resupply rocket headed for the belt would launch in nine days and we should be on it because there was some pressure from earth to send us down for debriefing and physicals.  He told Alice that several specialist were on the next scheduled ship that would arrive tomorrow.  
Sunday, day 1111.  Alice is back to her old self.  She's even getting a little bossy about the resupply ship we're going back in.  I'm glad that they picked a strong willed woman as captain.  
Tuesday, day 1113.  Angela Zulawski, resupply 4 captain, caught us at breakfast and gave Alice an ultimatum.  Quit bothering her or she'd have a brig built into the ship for her to travel in.  When Alice quit laughing, Angela showed her the email from June.  After spluttering for a few minutes, Alice said she was going to give June a piece of her mind and kick her ass as soon as she got out to the belt.  That I believe.  
Saturday, day 1117.  We ducked over to the ship to avoid a last day of crap from the specialist that came up to dissect us.  Launch is scheduled for tomorrow morning and Alice wants to sleep in.  Can't blame her.  
* * *
Miner 1 log, Lee & Artemis Merryweather
Sunday, day 824.  Reconfiguration complete.  Log started.  We will start loading supplies and equipment after dinner this evening.  
Monday, day 825.  Supplies loaded, can't get to some of the equipment because it was loaded into Wonderland.  
Thursday, day 828.  Equipment now loaded.  Will depart after 3rd shift meal.  Plan is to follow miner 2 route for 8 hours then veer off at a 10 degree angle toward the inside border of the asteroid belt.  30 days out and 30 days back unless we find something good like they did.  Number one item listed is a water asteroid, then ammonia or methane asteroid.  
Friday, day 829.  Got our 8 hours along Miner 2's course.  Now that we have a duplicate radar survey fix our new trajectory will give a fixed start point.  Nothing of interest spotted during the next shift. 
Saturday, day 830.  No interesting asteroids spotted.  
Tuesday, day 833.  First interesting spectrographic reading.  The asteroid is metal and ice.  An unusual combination and not listed in the book.  
Wednesday, day 834.  After slowing down and circling back we tied off.  Gold, iron, and water ice are the main three components.  Installed a passive radio beacon and radioed the location back to the main base.  After a rest period we resumed our survey trajectory.  
Friday, day 836.  Boring is the operative word for an asteroid survey.  
Thursday, day 842.  Finally something to break the boredom.  However it wasn't something I wanted to happen.  We had a minor collision with a small rock.  It hit hard enough to ding the hull and rip off the radar mount.  1/3rd of our radar array is dead.  Artemis is really worried about the blind spot and insist that one of us be suited up at all times.
Friday, day 843.  I set the course for a 24 hour jag and then will set a course back toward the base.  
Saturday, day 844.  Course set for station.  Traveling at 3/4 our previous speed.  
Wednesday, day 848.  Dinged again.  Changed course again away from the inner edge of the asteroid belt.  
Friday, day 850.  Crossed our original survey course 10 hours ago.  Changing course again toward base.  
Thursday, day 863.  Picked up a faint passive radio beacon.  Must be one of Miner 2's.  Haven't seen anything worth stopping for in the last 2 weeks.
Thursday, day 870.  Our limited radar array spotted something and when we got a spectrographic reading I decided that we'd stop and load it up.  
Friday, day 871.  Took two shifts to break the asteroid in half and load the water ice part in the mod 5 frame after installing the cargo net.  Well we got something for our trip!  
Friday, day 878.  Found another ice asteroid.  However this one is mainly methane ice.  Used the laser to cut a good size chunk out to load, and then placed a beacon.  
Monday, day 895.  Within sight of base, however we aren't where our internal guidance system says we should be.  
Tuesday, day 896.  Maintenance inspection found more damage than we expected.  The hull had been holed, however a seal balloon had covered the hole and reduced leakage to a point that the computer didn't activate the alarms.  
Tuesday, day 903.  All repairs completed except for replacing the main rocket nozzle.  Artemis requested that after the nozzle and mixing chamber are replace that a skirt be installed to shield them.  
Steve started teasing her, claiming that she was unlucky and shouldn't be allowed near a spacecraft again.  It was almost 1/2 an hour before she realized that there were nothing but spacecraft out here.  When she caught up with him she squirted a whole water bottle on him.  Everyone enjoyed both sides of the joke, except Artemis.  For the rest of the day she gave anyone that even smiled in her direction a small squirt of water.  

# # #
* ToC *


About the Author

I've loved westerns and science fiction since I picked up my first book at the public library. 
I've been writing on my computer for years. I never planned on any of my stories being published, just to be read by myself, family, and friends. The base journal is on forty spreadsheets with links to over a thousand files of short one day paragraphs plus other stories. 
Now my nephew George is published and he encouraged me to publish also. I've to a lot of work to do. As you know family either loves or hates what you do, so any criticism will be appreciated, either at my mail to address or on my Smashwords page. 

* ToC *




Other books by this author

Grandpa's Hot Sauce
Scout Expedition
Az 
Pacific 41 
The Plan and other short stories 
The Impossible Ambition
From Texas to New York (3 short stories)
Just My Opinion: Some Old and New Ideas

* ToC *


Connect with Stephen Brandon

Favorite me on Smashwords: Saturn2020 
My other website: Saturn Stories 
Write me a note: criticism or accolades 

* ToC *
