Double Play
Paul Hina

Published by Paul Hina at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 by Paul Hina

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
The characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.

Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten

Double Play

One

He reaches over onto the nightstand, grabs his ringing alarm clock, and looks at it through sleepy eyes. It rings again. He sits up, stares at the clock face. It's not the clock that's ringingtoo early. It's his phone.
He pushes his way out of the tangled sheets of bed and moves toward the phone on the other side of the room. He's falling more than walking, limping more with every step.
"Yeah?" he says into the phone, rubbing the ball of him palm into his eye.
"Clay?"
"That's me."
"Did I wake you?"
"Who is this?"
"It's Wayne. Wayne Parker. Sorry if I woke you. I guess I thought"
"Don't worry about it, Wayne. I'm up now."
"I was hoping we could get together."
"Sure, when?"
"Now."
"That important, huh?"
"Yeah, it feels pretty urgent."
"So, this isn't a social call."
"No, there's something I need you to look into for me."
"I can be at the ballpark in about half an hour," Clay says, looking over at his clock again.
"The ballpark?"
"That's what I said."
"Sounds fine. I'll see you"
Clay sits the phone down while Wayne is still talking and limps back to the edge of his bed. He sits down, leans back, and places his hand on her side of the bed. She's gone again. He wonders what time she left this time. She always seems to escape before he's up, and she does it without ever disturbing him. Just imagining her sneaking out of his bed this morning makes him smile. She's a strange, wonderful woman.
He stares up at the ceiling and massages his left thigh with both hands. He leans over on one hip and grabs a pack of cigarettes from his nightstand. It's empty. Good thing too. It's been two weeks since he's had one, and if the pack had anything left in it, he would've smoked it. Just feels like one of those mornings. He squeezes the pack into a ball and throws it at the trash can, misses it off the lip of the can. A glass on the nightstand still has a swallow of booze at the bottom. He raises an eyebrow at the sight of it. Must've been a rough night last night if he left something at the bottom of a glass. He grabs it, runs the juice down his throat. When he leans down to set the glass on the floor, he winces. He grabs his thigh and starts rubbing at it again. Then he stands, tries to put some weight on the leggingerly at first. His face is tight as he increases the weight he puts on it. He's anticipating pain, but it's not too bad this morning. Maybe jumping up and running to the phone gave his muscles the jolt they needed.
Wearing only his shorts and undershirt, Clay limps into the bathroom. He hits the light, then squints at the naked bulb on the ceiling as if he were mad at it for being bright. He leans over the sink, resting his hands on the edges, and stares at his face in the mirror. His eyes are still thick and red from sleep. His face looks tired, and makes him appear ten years older than his thirty-four years. A shave might help to clear up the clutter, but he'll have to skip it this morning. No time.
He turns the water up high and lets it gather in the basin before he dips his hands in it. He rushes the cool stuff over his face and combs his wet fingers through his hair. Now, the mirror shows a slightly wetter man who's still tired and aging beyond his years.
The alarm starts to ring.
"Alright, I'm up!" he yells. He grabs a towel from the floor by his feet, drapes it over his head and rubs at his face. Then he throws the towel at the ringing clock. The towel knocks the alarm quiet. He smiles.
"Hot damn, Clay. Nice throw," he says.

"What in the hell would Wayne Parker want from me?" Clay asks himself as he grabs his jacket and tie from the chair by the door. He looks at the tie for a moment, and then throws it back over the chair.
Wayne is a local attorney. He and Clay know each other a bit, casually. They see each other at ball games from time to time, or might run into each other at Eddie's Bar after a game, but Clay's never thought of Wayne as someone who surrounded himself with trouble. In fact, he's always seemed pretty unremarkable to Clay. And since Wayne's unmarried, Clay's normal bread and butter casecatching cheating spousesis off the table.
Clay walks out the front door of his upstairs apartment still wrestling his jacket over his shoulders. He's a private detective by default. It's not the work he would've chosen to do, but circumstances have a way of pushing people into unplanned corners.
He started out as a ballplayer, and he was a damn good one too. Even made it to the bigs briefly at the end of the 1941 season, before the war. He still thinks of himself as more of a ballplayer than a detective. It's been three years since he's played professionally, but he still can't shake the identification. He wonders if he'll ever feel more like a detective than a ballplayer. Probably not.
He opens the passenger door of his '46 Fleetmaster, leans in, grabs a baseball from a floorboard covered with baseballs, and shuts the heavy door. It's a nice July morning, still cool before the heat has had a chance to descend over the valley. It's a good morning for a walk. And, since he lives less than a mile from the ballpark, he walks there just about every morning to have a stroll around the field, and to kick at the perfect morning grass before Gus the groundskeeper has his way with the place.
On the way to the park, Clay tosses the ball up and down, thinks more about Wayne, and wonders what's coming his way. There's no question that he needs some work. It's been over a week since his last call, and he doesn't have a single open case to work right now. He closed his only remaining case last Friday. So, he's in no position to be picky. Of course, he has no intention of letting Wayne know that.
As he approaches the ballpark, he can see Wayne standing outside the box office talking to Maggie. Maggie runs the park, and has ben running it since her dad passed away a couple years ago. 
"Wayne! Heads up!" Clay shouts as he throws the baseball to Wayne.
Wayne reaches up to catch the ball, but drops it as soon as it hits his hands.
"That's hard."
"Right, it's a baseball," Clay says, picking up the ball as it rolls back in his direction.
"No, I know what it is, but I'm usually wearing a mitt when I catch a baseball."
"Nah. Soft hands, Wayne. That's all you need."
"Didn't you know that's how Clay got his nickname?" Maggie says to Wayne.
"What's your nickname?"
"Clay."
"I didn't know that Clay was a nickname." Wayne says.
"It doesn't feel like one. That's what people have been calling me for almost twenty years."
"How'd you get it?"
"My high school shortstop started calling me Clay because I used to field double play balls barehanded. He used to say I had hands of clay, and the name stuck."
"I always thought Clay Hart sounded like a peculiar name."
"No, it's just right. His heart is as soft as his hands," Maggie says as she leans in to kiss Clay.
"Yeah, I'm as soft as can be," he says with a crooked half-smile.
"Not today," Maggie says, rubbing his cheek. "You need a shave."
"Didn't have time this morning."
"So, what's your real name?" Wayne asks.
"Ernest, but I went by Ernie before I was Clay."
"Does anybody still call you Ernie?"
"Not if they want me to answer they don't," Clay says, and then turns to Maggie. "You mind if we go in and stomp on the grass for a bit?"
"No, just mind the lines. You know how Gus gets." Maggie says, referring to the groundskeeper.
"He'll get over it," Clay says. 
Wayne follows Clay through the box office doors, across Maggie's office, and into the Braves' clubhouse. When they move out to the dugout, Clay walks up the two concrete steps and stares out at the field.
"I've never seen this place empty before," Wayne says.
"It's something, isn't it? I try to come here every morning of ball season. Even when the Braves are on a road trip, I'm out here every morning walking the grass."
"Do you miss it?"
"Playing?"
"Yeah."
"Sure I do. Everyday," Clay says, throwing the ball up in the air. Catching it. Grasping tightly at its skin.
"You were quite a hitter as I remember it."
"Still am too. Just can't run."
"Yeah, it's too bad about your"
"What'd you want to see me about Wayne?"
"Straight to business, eh?"
"That's what we're here for, right?"
"Right. I wanted to see you about Brett and Emma."
"About the accident?"
"Right."
"What about it?"
"There are some lingering questions I have that keep nagging at me."
"And you want me to answer those questions?"
"I'd like you to try. For all I know, it could all be a wild goose chase, but I'd like to know for sure."
"It'd help if I knew the questions."
"Sure. It's just that some of what I want to say is indelicate. And, even as a contract lawyer, I don't like betraying the confidence of my clients."
"And you want to know if you can trust me?"
"Can I?"
"You'll have to."
"I suppose I will."
"Let's cut across the outfield here," Clay says. "Careful not to step on the foul line."
"Emma came to see me several months ago," Wayne says as they walk on the grass by the warning track. "She wanted to get some information on drawing up a Last Will and Testament for Brett. So, I gave her some info, answered some questions, and she brought Brett in the next day. He basically told me to leave the details to Emma. He only wanted to have a quick look at the thing before he signed off on whatever we drew up."
"Is it normal for a guy at Brett's age to want a Last Will and Testament?"
"No, not at all. But there were special circumstances in Brett's case."
"Like what?"
"For one, he was extremely wealthy."
"Brett?"
"Yeah, he was flush. His father was big in the oil business, and, when he died, he left Brett a good chunk of his fortune."
"But why would Emma need a will to be drawn up? As his wife, she would've gotten everything anyway, right?"
"If they were married, yes. But they weren't married."
"What?"
"That's the indelicate part of all this. They played it like they were married. He always introduced her as his wife, and she took his name in public, but that's as official as it ever got. And you can imagine how sheepish Emma was about it. She was ashamed, really. She knew what it would mean to her reputation if it came out that they were shacking up. That's just not done around here, and she was adamant that it stay private. They were engaged, but he was determined to wait until he got to the bigs before they were married."
"That seems random."
"That's what I thought too. Emma said he was superstitious or something. I just thought she was making excuses for him. He was probably just not ready to get married. Everyone knew how reckless he was with women, not to mention how rowdy he was in general. He didn't live his life like the kind of guy who was in a rush to settle down."
"Thus the need for a will."
"Right, you could go down the line in the dugout here and, to a man, not a single guy would tell you they were surprised that Brett was in an accident."
"But how does the will help Emma if she's in the car with him?"
"I'm getting to that," Wayne says. "Two days before the accident, Emma came in to see me about the will. She wanted to amend it. She wanted to add her brother as the sole beneficiary if something were to happen to both her and Brett."
"And Brett signed off on that?"
"He did. I took the amended will to him that night. I met him here at the box office."
"And he understood what he was signing?"
"Who knows? He barely listened to me when I explained the change, and he signed it without ever really reviewing it. He didn't seem particularly concerned about it. It was about an hour before a game, and he seemed distracted. Maybe I should've waited until he could meet me in the office, but Emma said she wanted it signed right away."
"Are those things usually handled with that kind of urgency?"
"Not in my office." 
"So, what do you think she was planning?"
"I don't know, but it is out of the ordinary. And when you consider the circumstances"
"It's certainly a pretty convenient coincidence."
"But there was something else."
"There always is."
"I saw Emma that night."
"The night of the accident?"
"Yeah."
"So? Lots of people did. She was at the game."
"No, I saw her after the accident."
Clay stops, plants a foot on either side of the left field foul line. "How do you know it was after the accident?"
"I didn't until I read about it in the paper over the next couple days. The sheriff's department said that the accident happened just after eleven."
"But that was just an estimate. From what I heard, the fire had been burning for awhile before they even got the call."
"Well, I saw her after eleven."
"And you're positive it was Emma?"
"Almost certain."
"Almost?"
"Ninety-nine percent sure it was her."
"And she was alone?"
"Yep."
"What was she doing?"
"Just walking."
"What time was it?"
"I don't know. Almost midnight. Maybe even a little after," Wayne says. "And, since the accident happened almost ten miles away, outside of Milpitas, the police couldn't be that far off on their timeline, could they?"
"It's unlikely. The sheriff isn't supposed to be in the business of making any guesses at all," Clay says, and starts walking again down the foul line toward third base.
"I wouldn't think so."
"So, who do you think was in the car with Brett if it wasn't Emma?" Clay asks, looking away from Wayne, almost as if he were talking to himself.
"I don't know who it was, but I'm reasonably sure it wasn't Emma."
"And you think that, since the bodies were so badly burned, it would've been easy for the sheriff's department to misidentify her."
"I have no idea how they go about identifying bodies. You'd probably know more about that than I would."
"Let's think about it. You show up at the scene of an accident. There are marks on the road that show that the driver lost control of the car. Then the car went off the road and rolled downhill. You can tell this by the car's location, the crushed shell of the car, and the destruction of the ground cover down the hillside. The car catches fire and burns for God only knows how long. The bodies inside are completely burnedburned damn near to bone. You identify the car from the plate, assuming you can. Then, if the driver fits the body type of the owner of the car, and the passenger fits the body type of the owner's spouse, or, in this case, his partner, then you make the obvious assumptions. You might do a little sleuthing if you see any evidence of foul play: make sure that neither the driver or the passenger have been seen since the accident, check their house, do some routine questioning of their neighbors or people they were with that night. Really, it seems like an open-and-shut case to me. My guess is that the most frustrating part of the whole case would be filling out the paperwork."
"You think that's how it's done?"
"Beats me. I'm not a cop. But, it seems to me, they're not going to use their resources to dig into a case if it doesn't look to warrant the cost and energy of digging."
"I suppose you're right."
"But they certainly would've spent more time on the case if someone had come forward to say they saw Emma walking around town late that night."
"Like I said, I didn't even know about the accident until the next day, and, even then, I wasn't sure of the time. It wasn't until the story started to trickle out that I started to think I should say something. But I wanted to be sure it was her I saw. I really didn't want to cause any trouble."
"So you called me."
Wayne nods.
"What took you so long?"
"I tried to just forget it. I've been resisting doing anything about it at all. But I just couldn't stop thinking about her. And, look, I have no idea what happened. I could speculate, but I'd hate to think that something unthinkable happened and I just sat on my hands."
"Something unthinkable did happen."
"Worse than unthinkable then."
Clay stops again. They're both standing about ten feet from home plate. Clay is rubbing the hide of the ball, running his thumb up and down the seams, and looking into the visitor's dugout.
"You wouldn't happen to have a cigarette, would you?"
"Sorry. Don't smoke."
"Yeah, me too, I guess," Clay says. "So, you want me to find out if that was Emma you saw that night?"
"Yes," Wayne says. "Among other things."
"You want to know if the accident was actually an accident."
Wayne nods.
"And you want to know who was in the car that night with Brett if it wasn't Emma."
"And I want to know about the money."
"The money?" Clay asks. "Oh, the will. Emma's brother What's his name again?"
"Kevin Dunham."
"And he's a mechanic, right? I think I've met him before."
"Yeah, he works over at Gene's Garage off Main, on Fourth, I think."
"I know the place," Clay says, and then looks back toward the outfield, focuses on the scoreboard. "One last question, though."
"Yeah?"
"Why are you willing to pay me to find all this out? What's in it for you?"
"Well, I won't pretend to have unlimited funds, but I'm certainly willing to pay for a little peace of mind. And, believe me, I haven't had any since the accident. I haven't been able to sleep, and I can't concentrate on my work. I just can't stop thinking about it."
"I get twenty-five dollars a day plus expenses," Clay says as he turns and walks over home plate.
"What do you mean by expenses? I mean, what do the expenses normally come to?"
"Depends on the job, and what I'm doing on any given day. It's mostly travel costs: gas, phone calls, lodging, that sort of thing. For the most part, though, this seems like a local case. So, I wouldn't expect expenses to get too high. Anyway, I'll itemize everything for youkeep the receipts and all that."
"And you'll be in contact with me?"
"Sure, I'll call you with a progress report everyday if you want."
"You guys done kicking up the dust on my field?" Gus says from the dugout.
"We had to give you something to do, Gus. Field looks too good."
"Always something to clean up, Clay," Gus says. "Nothing's ever too good."
"Thus is life," Clay says."Clay Hart, baseball philosopher," Maggie says, emerging from the shadows of the dugout.
"You look prettier every time I see you," Clay says.
"I hadn't put on my face yet when you got here."
"Who said I was looking at your face?" he asks, smiling at her. "Face or no face, you look great."
"I can take the compliments as fast as you can throw 'em. So, keep 'em coming."
"Speaking of throwing, you got time for a catch?"
"I make time every morning."
"So, we're done?" Wayne asks.
"I've got all I need to know, right?"
"I think so," Wayne says, and then leans closer to Clay. "You will be discreet, I hope?"
"That's the name of the game, 'ol boy."
"And you'll call me?"
"That I will."
Wayne walks away from Clay, nods to Maggie, and disappears into the shadow of the dugout. 
Maggie grabs a glove from the bench in the dugout, and looks toward Clay. He throws her the ball. She catches it awkwardly.
"You might want to wait until I have the glove on all the way."
"Sorry, just got excited. That's what you do to me."
"You're a lot of talk, Clay. Not a lot of action," Maggie says. "Some day you're going to have to put up and make an honest woman out of me."
"Sure, but what do you think your dad would've thought of that?"
"He didn't say anything to you that he didn't say to every ballplayer that made their way through here. Besides, he just didn't want me to end up with a ballplayer, and you're not a ballplayer anymore."
"Who says I'm done playing ball?"
"Your leg says it just about every time you put any weight on it."
"Don't pull any punches for my sake," he says, catching her throw with his bare hands.
"I'm not going to be single forever you know."
"You're not single now."
"Sure I am. There's no ring on my finger."
"I just always figured you'd wait for me."
"Not forever."
"Whenever I think about getting serious, I just think about your dad and how he would feel about it. I don't think he'd approve."
"Are you kidding, Clay? He loved you."
"And I loved him."
"I know you did," she says, catching Clay's throw.
"Do you miss him?"
"Everyday I walk into his office."
"It's your office now."
"It'll always be his office to me."
"How have things been around here lately?"
"Fine, I guess."
"Since Brett, I mean."
"Oh, you know, it's been pretty somber, but these guys are resilient. They lived through the war. Death isn't new to them. So, things are getting back to normal."
"What'd you think of him?"
"Brett?"
Clay nods as he catches a high one from her.
"He was a great hitter, and a serviceable fielder. He was on the fast track for sure. We were expecting the call from double-A at any moment before the accident," she says. "He probably would've been playing in the show by this time next year."
"He was good. No question about that. But I'm not asking how he was as a player."
"Oh, well, he was a lout. I don't know if I ever saw the man sober, even on the field. And he never walked by an attractive woman without making a pass at her."
"Including you?"
"All the time."
"Should I be jealous?"
"Of a dead man?"
"Dead or not, I still feel jealous."
"Good," she says, and smiles at him.
"And Emma? Did you know her very well?"
"What's this about, Clay?"
"Just curious."
"Does this have anything to do with what you and Wayne were just talking about?"
"Can't I ask some questions without there being some hidden motive?'
"I don't know. Can you?"
"Sure I can. But this isn't one of those times."
"What's up? What are you trying to find out?"
"Right now, I'm trying to find out what you knew about Emma."
"What? You don't trust me? You can't tell me what's going on?""I don't know what's going on."
"You know something."
"Honestly, Maggie, I don't know the difference between what I know and what I don't know right now. I'm just asking questions."
"I didn't know her very well," she says, throwing him a fast one. "I never really saw her much at games. Not that she didn't come, but we never really crossed paths. I did see her when she would pop in to watch practices, or to watch Brett take batting practice. She never said much, though."
"How'd they get along?"
"They seemed fine when I saw them here, but I know he had a tendency to smack her around."
"What makes you think that?"
"I hear things. Also, I could see the usual signs.
"Like what?"
"Bruises on the arms. A black eye barely hidden by make-up."
"I had no idea."
"Does it surprise you?"
"I guess not."
"He was a happy drunk once he had a few drinks, but he could get really mean if he'd had too much. You should hear some of the stories the guys tell. I know Red had to bail him out of jail on a few occasions."
"What happened?"
"Bar fights. Fights at poker games."
"Poker games?"
"That's what I said."
"Where'd he play poker?"
"I'm not sure. You'd have to ask Red."
"I'd like to pop in at today's practice, if you don't mind," he says, throwing her the ball.
Maggie drops her arms as she catches the throw, exasperated. "Clay, things are just getting back to normal around here. If you come in here and start asking everyone questions about Brett, it'll"
"It'll what?"
"It'll stir things up," she says, throwing the ball back to him.
Clay catches the ball and starts walking toward her. "You know how I like to stir things up," he says, and embraces her around the waist.
"Are you trying to charm me?"
"Is it working?"
"I don't know. What else you got?"
He kisses her softly on the mouth.
"Is that all you got?"
"There's plenty more where that came from," he says, and kisses her again.
"Hey, come on, not on the field," Gus yells from the first base line. "Take it inside."

Two

Clay pulls into the sheriff's office parking lot in his Fleetmaster, and keeps it running while he sips a lukewarm cup of coffee he'd grabbed before leaving Maggie's office.
The county sheriff is Sam Denton. Clay and Sam were old war buddies. Both were wounded in battle. Sam had found the better part of a mortar shell in his shoulder, and Clay was shot in the thigh at Normandy. They spent several weeks convalescing in neighboring beds at an Army hospital in Bristol, England, and they became fast friends during their recovery. It was difficult to find ways of passing the time in the hospitals then, and they were generally pretty miserable places. So, people talked or played cards. And, since Sam's shoulder made it difficult for him to play cards, he and Clay did their fair share of talking.
Once Clay told Sam that he had spent a couple weeks playing second base for the Cleveland Indians, you'd have thought Sam had met a bonafide celebrity. After that, they're conversations revolved mostly around baseball. This had the positive side effect of keeping them from talking too much about home, which was good since talking about home only made them miss it more. But God knows they had to talk about something. Anything to keep their minds off the war, though there were reminders of it all around them. 
After Clay came home from the war, his prospects in baseball quickly dwindled. He practiced for many teams, exhausting just about every connection he still had in the game. But his leg, with its nerve damage and remaining bullet fragments, just wouldn't cooperate. Though it was painful, he could still run, but his speed was highly compromised. And no matter how much he gritted his teeth and tried to push through the pain of it, he was never fast enough to ease the minds of skeptical coaches. 
He could still hit though. But he was a left-hander, and since his wounded left thigh was the leg he planted his swing on, it hurt to swing with the same old snap he'd had before. He could still do it, but it never felt as clean and fluid as it once did. 
His fielding was the hardest loss to accept. He knew his reflexes were still there. He could still hear the voice of his body anticipating the direction of the ball off the bat, still knew with precision the spot where the ball would bounce once it was hit, and where and when to best eat it up with his glove or his bare hand. If he had both legs underneath him, and the same old flexibility he used to own, he could field balls on muscle memory alone. But squatting down or diving for grounders was just too painful. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't pretend away the pain.
But, overall, he knew he could still play the gamejust at a diminished level. He'd have happily played left field, or, better yet, he thought he could cut it at first base if someone would've given him a chance. But no one would bite. He offered to play deep in the farm system to prove his worth again. Some teams were receptive at first, but once they understood the true extent of his injury, they all passed.
Then, out of the blue, he got a call from Sam. It was great to hear from him again. They hadn't spoken since they'd gotten back to the states. And it was like their conversations in that England hospital had never stopped. He told Clay about his life in California, his job at the sheriff's department(he wasn't the sheriff back then), and his new fiance. That's why he was calling, he was inviting Clay to the wedding. 
When Sam asked Clay about playing ball, Clay told him how he was having trouble getting anyone to let him back on the field. Sam told him about Henry, Maggie's dad. Henry owned the single-A San Jose Braves. Sam offered to introduce Clay to Henry when he came out to California for the wedding.
And, when they met, Henry couldn't have been nicer, or more gracious to Clay. They had lunch as soon as Clay got to San Jose and got on together right away. Henry never even asked to see Sam play. He told Clay that he had just sent a first baseman up to double-A, and he needed a guy to fill the spot right away. So, Clay started the next day at first base for the Braves on a short term contract. 
After the short-term contract was up, Henry was pleased enough with Clay that he signed him for the remainder of the 1946 season. And he deserved it. He batted over three hundred that season and was only charged two errors on the field during his time at first base. And, though his leg was causing him more and more pain during those playing days, he had similar results during the 1947 season.
During the off-seasons, Clay had started work as an apprentice for a P.I. out of San Franciscoanother job he got through Sam. The P.I., Jack Clayborne, had once worked as an agent for the Prohibition Bureau. But, as it became clear that prohibition's days were numbered, he decided to start his own private firm. Clay started working for Jack in the autumn of 1946, and spent the next two years, when he wasn't playing baseball, learning what he could about the P.I. game from Jack. Then in the spring of 1948, with Jack's blessing, Clay started his own P.I. business in San Jose and took a leave of absence from the game of baseball.

Clay's startled by a knock on his driver's side window. It's Sam.
"What are you waiting for in there? An invitation?" Sam asks.
Clay rolls down the window. "No, just got here a little early, that's all."
"Well, it's time now," Sam says. He turns his wrist to look at his watch, causing some coffee to spill from one of the two cups he has in his hand. "Damn, that's hot!"
Clay gets out of the car. "You alright?"
"Yeah, just made a little mess on my hand," Sam says. "I got you a cup of coffee. You want it?" Sam asks Clay, holding out the coffee, even though Clay is already holding a cup.
"Sure, this one's gone cold anyway," he says, grabbing the new cup from Sam, and dumping the old coffee on the ground before throwing the empty cup in his car's open window.
"So, what have you been up to lately?" Sam asks, as they walk into the county sheriff's office.
"The usual," Clay says as they walk through the station.
"Have a seat," Sam says, entering his office. He grabs a pile of folders and papers from a chair and throws them on a desk already swamped with other piles of folders and papers. 
"I should be asking you what you've been up to. I don't see you around much anymore."
"This job keeps me too damn busy to do anything else."
"Guess so," Clay says, nodding at the stacks of files on Sam's desk.
"Paperwork, Clay. I swear they'll bury me in it."
"It doesn't look like it'll take 'em much longer."
"Yeah, it looks bad, I know," Sam says, surveying the stacks. "So, what'd you want to see me about?"
"I wanted to see if you might be able to help me get some information about the accident a few weeks back?"
"Brett?" 
"That's the one."
"What do you want to know about that for?" Sam asks, leaning back in his chair like someone who's grown too comfortable in his position, but, as he goes to put his feet up, he knocks over a stack of folders. He looks down at the mess of papers that have fallen from the folders, but quickly turns back to Clay.
"You want to get those?"
"Don't worry about it," Sam says, looking straight at Clay. "Why do you want to know about the accident?"
"It might have a connection to a case I'm working."
"Are you subcontracting in the life insurance game or something?"
"No, it's a private case."
"Someone came to you about the accident?"
"Something like that."
"Who?" Sam asks.
"I can't tell you that."
"I've never known you to be secretive before."
"We've never talked about a case of mine before."
"That's true. And you've never asked me about a case I've worked either, a closed case at that."
"You've closed the case?"
"A couple days ago."
"Is there anyway I can look at your report?'
"I can show the initial accident report, but there's not much there that you probably haven't seen already in the newspaper."
"And the report on the investigation, what about that?"
"Can't let you look at that."
"Never known you to be so secretive, Sam," Clay says, letting his crooked half-smile bend across his face.
"Look, I'm not trying to withhold anything. It's a pretty standard report. I don't mind answering some questions for you, if I can. But I can't let you look at the file yet."
"But I thought the case was closed."
"It is, but there's a process a report like that has to go through before it becomes public record."
"Okay, what happened? How'd the accident happen?"
"Going too fast for his own good. Didn't help matters that he was three sheets to the wind."
"How do you know he was drunk?"
"Because he was at Eddie's after the game that night with some of the boys."
"He was at Eddie's?"
"That's right, and according to everyone that saw him there that night, he threw back more than his fair share."
"Where was he headed after he left the bar?"
"Nobody knew for sure, but most say he was probably going up to Fremont to play some cards."
"Cards? What kind of cards?"
"Poker game, I think."
"You know who he played with."
"Does it matter?"
"Was it Ramsey?"
"I suppose it could've been."
"That's interesting."
"It might sound like it, but it's got no connection to the accident."
"Maybe, maybe not."
"Now, wait a second"
"You say he was going too fast. How do you know?"
"From the rubber he left on the road."
"How much?"
"Nearly a hundred feet. It's in the file, but You could go outside Milpitas and have a look. I reckon you know where it happened?"
"I know whereabouts."
"Just look for the never ending skid marks that lead to the enormous patch of burned up countryside."
"How badly were the bodies burned?"
"To a crisp. Never seen anything like it. We were on the scene in a timely manner, but, with it being so dry, and with the wind blowing the way it was that night, that fire was one of the meanest I'd seen. It was over an hour before the firemen were able to give us the all-clear to even examine the car."
"No kidding?"
"Kid you not."
"So, how'd you end up identifying the bodies?"
"It doesn't take a rocket scientist to surmise who it was. Best not to complicate these things. Once we had the license number from the car, we knew who it was."
"So, you couldn't tell from the bodies?"
"Oh, no. They were burned up real bad. In fact, the state had to send up a dental forensics guy to try and identify them by their teeth."
"Really?"
"Yeah, it's amazing what they can do these days."
"And you were able to identify them by old dental records?"
"We were able to positively identify Brett from his dental records."
"So, how'd you ID her?"
"Body type, heightstandard stuff."
"That's it."
"What else could we do, Clay? We couldn't find any trace of her dental records anywhere. They just didn't exist. Besides, just think about it for a minute. Who else would've been with Brett in his car? It's just the logical conclusion to make. Best not to complicate these things."
"You said that already."
"It's worth repeating."
"So, no positive ID then?"
"No. No positive dental ID, but we had an eyewitness that saw them leave Eddie's Bar together before the accident."
"Who was that?"
"Emma's brother."
"Kevin?"
"That's him," Sam says. "Then we had him come in to identify the body."
"The burned up body?"
"That's what we had."
"That must've been tough for him to see."
"We were out of options."
"And he gave you your positive ID?"
"That's right."
Clay sits for a minute, stares off into space.
"What's going on, Clay?"
Clay looks at Sam. "I don't know. Maybe something. Maybe nothing. Who knows?"
"You wanna fill me in?"
"On what?"
"Clay?"
"There's nothing to fill in. If I find anything, I'll fill you in."
"Do I need to re-open this case?"
"I'm not sure you should've closed it in the first place."

Driving to the scene of the accident, Clay was still running over his conversation with Sam in his head. There were a couple things that Sam said that were still needling at him. 
The Ramsey poker game that Brett was headed to in Fremont was Clay's first real clue that there may actually be something to Wayne's concerns, and he didn't like how defensive Sam was about the whole thing. 
Clay knew about Ramsey from his San Francisco days. Ramsey often hired Jack, Clay's old boss, to have people followed. As an apprentice for Jack, Clay was often given the job of following guys for Ramsey. And, though Clay never met him personally, he'd heard plenty of stories about Ramsey from Jack. Clay wasn't ever sure if Jack ever actually met Ramsey in person. Apparently, this level of secrecy was so Jack could maintain some plausible deniability about Ramsey and his activities. And Jack never seemed to ask too many questions about why Ramsey wanted so many of his associates followed. No one even needed to ask questions. Everyone knew why. It was always about money with Ramsey. He was famously paranoid that gamblers were going to try and skip town without paying him. And it wasn't just gamblers that worried Ramsey. He often had his own guys followed out of fear that they might be siphoning from the top, or trying to start new card games on the side. So, he was constantly having people followed, and wanted detailed reports of where they went, and where they spent their money.
If you spend your life around criminals the way Ramsey did, you serve yourself well by being paranoid. But Ramsey was taking it to a pathological level. Clay always wondered why Ramsey never seemed to realize that he was probably losing more money paying Jack to follow his associates than he was from any thievery. Besides, anyone who owed money to Ramsey never skipped town. They never made it. Ramsey was ruthless with people who owed him money, and even worse to employees who stole from him. The mythology ran the gamut from teeth yanked with pliers, to fingers and hands lost to power equipment, to men left to freeze to death in butcher shop meat lockers. Clay had no idea if any of it was true, but the mythology created a genuine terror of Ramsey as a heartless thug that would go to any lengths to get paid.
He went by Ramsey, or Bay Ramsey. Clay was never sure if Ramsey was his real surname, but Bay was a nickname. He started out as a foot soldier for a big San Francisco bootlegger during prohibition. But when it was becoming clear that prohibition was going to be overturned, he, like a lot of other guys who worked in the bootlegging racket, started looking for another way to make money. Some guys started dealing drugs. Other guys dealt girls or started burlesque houses. Ramsey dealt cards. 
He started with small card games in speakeasies, but when word started to spread about the kind of money that was being wagered at his games, the games got bigger. Ramsey's card games became famous for going from evening to daylight the next day, and for the huge cash payouts that were being won. Word on the street was that if you were playing poker in the Bay Area at a table that wasn't run by Ramsey, you were just practicing so that you'd be ready if you ever got his call.
When it came to cards, Ramsey quickly became King of the Bay. Thus, the nickname Bay Ramsey. Still, Clay never heard anyone refer to him as anything other than just Ramsey.
But being King wasn't enough. Ramsey was never one to rest on his laurels, and it wasn't long before he moved from running private tables in hotel rooms to starting underground gaming rooms all over the Bay Area, including one in Fremont. So, when Sam said Brett was going to a card game in Fremont, Clay knew exactly where he was going. There was no other game worth playing in town. 
Still, Sam could be right. The accident could've just been an accident, and Ramsey might only be a distraction. As Sam said, 'It's best not to complicate these things.' But this is the kind of curiosity that Clay would never ignore just because it was complicated. Clay enjoys the complicated things. He enjoys the scattered puzzle. That's why he stays in this business.
If Wayne was right about Brett's financial situation, though, what motive would Ramsey have to harm him? Sure, Ramsey's paranoid, but mostly he's paranoid about losing money. So, if Brett was spending his money at Ramsey's tables, then why would he risk losing Brett's revenue?
And then there is the matter of the other woman.
Wayne told Clay that Emma had come into his office to change the will only days before the accident, leaving all of Brett's money to her brother Kevin. Then, conveniently, Kevin is the sole witness that saw Brett and Emma leaving Eddie's Bar the night of the accident, and he also identifies Emma's badly burned body. And, according to Sam, Kevin was the only solid ID source the police were able to get, even though he had the most to benefit from both Brett and Emma being pronounced dead. 
However, since Wayne never told to the police that he saw Emma that night, they don't have any idea about the business of the will, or Kevin's potential benefit. But, again, this is the kind of curiosity that would complicate an otherwise open-and-shut casethe kind of complication that creates a lot of paperwork for a Sheriff who doesn't like paperwork, and who looks just a little too comfy in his big chair to go through a complicated investigation. 
When Clay approaches the area of the accident, he slows the Fleetmaster down to a crawl and starts looking for the telltale tire marks. He drives for half a mile or so before he spots a set of dark black skid marks that pull hard to the left. Clay pulls off onto the road's shoulderwhat little there is of oneand stops the car. He grabs a baseball from the floor by the passenger seat and gets out of the car. He stands over the black skid marks, goes to crouch down so that he can get a closer look, but a sharp pain jolts over his thigh. So, he stands, and just bends over the mark to get as close a look as he can. Sam wasn't kidding when he said that Brett left evidence of his speed on the road. It's a pretty dark tire mark, especially when you consider its been on the road for two weeks now. As Clay looks up the road, he can see the marks zig from left to right and back again before it stops at the edge of the road. From these marks, it's clear that Brett lost control of the car. And there's no question he was going too fast, but that's not particularly surprising. Brett was a young, hotshot ballplayera star, really. He was the exact kind of guy who thinks he's indestructibleuntil he's not. Clay was that kind of guy once too. But if Brett had gone to poker games in Fremont before, and there's no reason to believe he hadn't, then he would've known how treacherous and curvy the road gets as you leave Milpitas.
There are many reasons why a driver might lose control of their vehicle. The two main reasons are mechanical error and driver error. One of the most common mechanical errors that causes someone to lose control is a tire blowout, but that's not what this is at all. Besides, a blowout would've been an easy thing for the sheriff's department to spot at the scene during their initial investigation. And if it took them as long as Sam says it did to get to the car because of the fire, then Clay imagines they spent a hell of a long time looking at these skid marks while they waited. They would've noticed anything out of the ordinary. 
As far as driver error is concerned, Brett could've been distracted by something that was going on in the car, or just not paying attention to the road for whatever reason. Maybe he was just showing off. He did, after all, have a girl in the car with him.
Or, it could have been a simple act of God. Maybe an animal jumped into the road, and Brett swerved to miss it. Or maybe he had a close call with another car that caused him to swerve and lose control. There are too many variables when you start to unravel the threads, and it's easy to see why Sam wouldn't have wanted to pull the threads. Particularly when the most likely scenario is staring you right in the face, and pulling any of those disparate threads is more likely than not to get you nowhere but where you were when you started.
Clay follows the tire marks all the way to the edge of the road, and looks down the hill. According to the newspaper reports, the car turned over and started to flip as it went off the road, and it continued to roll as it went further down the hill. Who knows when the fire started, but it looks as though it was able to spread over a pretty large swath of real estate before it was contained. It must've been quite a fire.
Clay would've been able to see more if he had gotten here before they cleaned up the hill. It's already been reseeded and covered with straw. But it's easy to get an idea of the size of the fire by the area they've reseeded. Still, Clay wants to get a view from the bottom of the hill, or at least to the place where the fire stopped.
He clutches his baseball tight in his hand, and takes a step down onto the hill. The hill isn't steep enough for him to worry about losing his footing on, but it is steep enough for him to know that it's going to give his leg fits. And it does. He tries to keep his steps slow and deliberate, but every step sends a new agony over his body. But he keeps walking, keeps digging into the hide of that ball with the tips of his fingers.
When he gets to the bottom of the hill, he turns and stares back up at the road. He's not certain that this is where the car stopped, or if this is just where the fire stopped, but if this is where the car stopped, it would've made for quite a fall. It had to have been a massive wreck, particularly when you consider their velocity before they went off the road. Hell, he's probably standing about fifty yards from the road. The crash itself most likely killed themfire or no fire. But, from downhill, looking up, Clay can definitely understand why it took so long for the cops to get to the car: treacherous ground, blazing fire in dry summer conditions. The whole scene must've been a terrible mess.
And, if someone wanted to orchestrate a horrible mess of an accident, this is exactly where you'd want to do it.
But Clay sees zero evidence of foul play here. The only thing he sees at the moment is an uphill climb that's going to be twice as painful as coming downhill. He tosses his ball high in the air, catches it, takes a deep breath and digs in.

Three

Maggie's left the front gate by the box officethe one that goes straight out to the fieldunlocked for Clay. He goes through the gate and stops to listen to the sounds of baseball being played. He can hear Red, the Braves' manager, yelling out to the infielders. He can hear the crack of the bat and immediately identify how the ball was hit, where on the bat it was struck. It's a grounder, and, since Red's a right handed hitter, Clay guesses that it's going to the shortstop. He takes a few steps forward until he can see the field. The shortstop has already scooped up the grounder and sent it to first. Clay looks out at the field, and, even though it's only been a couple hours since he was there that morning, he still marvels at the sight of the place. When the sun is shining on the ball field, that sweet piece of manicured grass really sings. Even the dirt around the diamond is so meticulously cared for that you hardly want it to be touched, but, when the position players decorate the field, it's like watching skilled actors on a stage. You just trust that they respect the theater as much as you do, and that they are good stewards of the place they work. 
Clay watches the second baseman backhand a hard grounder from Red. He underhands it to the shortstop that's covering second, and then the shortstop zips the ball over to the first baseman. You can clearly hear the ball hit the leather of each player's glove. Bang. Bang. Double play.
"Nice grab, kid," Red yells out to the second baseman.
The double play was always Clay's favorite play to make. Sure, diving for a ball, feeling that unmistakable knock into the sweet spot of the glove, then hopping up and nailing a guy out who only seconds before was sure he'd had a single, is unquestionably great. And jumping to snag a high line drive, catching it at your apex in the tip of your mitt, though rare, is a magnificent feeling. But the 4-6-3 double play was when Clay felt the most in tune with the game's machine. Of course, he's not successfully initiated a double play since his short stint with the Indians in '41.
After the war, as a first baseman, he caught his fair share of double play completions, but it was never the same as starting one. And doing it in the big leagues, which he was able to do a total of nine times before he enlisted, were the sweetest, most clear memories he has of his pre-war baseball days.
"You're late," Maggie says, approaching Clay from the home dugout.
"You been waiting for me?"
"Feels like I'm always waiting for you to do something or other."
"I had something to do."
"Right," she says. "Listen, these guys have been through a lot the past few weeks. I don't care if you ask them a few questions, but you might want to say something to Red first."
"Sure, Maggie. But I'm not planning on grilling anybody. I'm just going to ask a few guys a question or two. Nothing too serious."
"I know. I'm just looking out for them. Like I said earlier, the mood in the clubhouse is only now starting to get back to where it was before the accident."
He looks at her, smiles his crooked half-smile, and just nods. 
"You sure are cute when you're trying to charm me," she says. "I shouldn't be letting you talk to anybody, but I can't say no to that damn face of yours."
"I didn't know I was trying to charm you," he says. "Has it worked?"
"You're here aren't you?"
"Guess I am."
"I've got work to do," she says, smiling at him. "Could you come see me before you leave?" 
"Why? You need something?"
"No, I just don't like it when you leave without saying goodbye," she says, and walks back into the dugout.
He's watched Maggie grow into quite a woman over the past seven years. When he first got here, she was a young, damaged girl, widowed by the war. She was always hanging around the ballpark, looking busy, trying hard to appear as if she wasn't always thinking about how much of her life, or what she thought her life was going to be, had been lost in the war. It was a look a lot of people carried in those days. 
Her dad, Henry, had convinced her to come to work with him at the ballpark, to force her out of the house, to keep her social. She spent her time doing odd jobs around the park: helping Gus tend the field, selling tickets, working concessions. She did whatever was asked of her, but she mostly just seemed to be going through the motions. She always looked demoralized, like she would never meet anyone again. Henry told Clay once that she thought no man would ever want a used woman. 
Of course, this was ridiculous. She was young, not yet in her mid-twenties, and, despite her gloomy demeanor, she radiated sex appeal. No one in San Jose wore a dress that fit her body quite like Maggie did. Her figurethose hips have always been the metronome of many a man's heartlooked as if her skin were built right around an hourglass. 
And she caught Clay's attention right away.
After only a few days in town, he coaxed her to have a catch with him one morning. And one morning quickly turned into every morning. He had successfully convinced her that having a catch helped to focus his mind, reminded him of the simple things he loved about the game. And it just so happened to be true. For her part, she just seemed happy to have something, anything, to do. 
He still remembers the first time he made her laugh. It was infectious. Her laugh made him want to laugh. And since neither of them had had a lot to laugh about since the war, they became quite easygoing with one another, and started to grow close. And it wasn't long before he started to realize how easy it would be to spend the rest of his life trying to make her laugh.
But Maggie's dad knew how ballplayers could be, and, though he loved the game, he didn't trust the men who played it. He didn't want Maggie to fall for a jock. Clay never quite understood his reasoning, especially considering how close he and Henry became over time. Henry genuinely seemed to like Clay. Still, without exception, he made all of his ballplayers stay clear of Maggie romantically, and Maggie knew the rules as well as the players did. And, like the other players, Clay made Henry a promise, and it was a promise Clay intended on keeping.
But, as Maggie is always very fond of pointing out, Clay isn't a ballplayer anymore. This is something that seems obvious to every one other than Clay. It's easier for her to say his playing days are over than it is for him to accept it. And, somehow, committing himself to Maggie would be as good as admitting his playing days are over. But it's the only way he could commit to her and still honor the promise he made to her dad. But Clay is fully aware that he's honored Henry's wishes in name only. The only way that he hasn't committed himself to Maggie is in a social way, meaning they've never made things official. Otherwise, they've been together for nearly five years. But, at thirty-two, it's still too hard to say goodbye to a game he was once so great at playing.
"You look like you're ready to put on a uniform," Red says, approaching Clay.
"Put me in the lineup."
"Already have a first baseman."
"Just my luck, I guess."
"What are you doing down here?"
"Maggie didn't tell you I was coming?"
"Nope."
"I was hoping I could talk to a couple of the guys."
"If they're sitting in the dugout, you can talk to 'em all you want. If they're out in the field, they're mine."
"Got ya," Clay says, and starts toward the dugout.
"You here to talk about Brett?" Red asks, stopping Clay in his tracks.
"What gave you that idea?"
"I know what line of work you're in now. Besides, I figured it was coming. I just expected it would be the sheriff that would be asking the questions."
"No one from the sheriff's department came to talk to the team?"
"Not here they didn't, but you'd have to ask the guys to find out if anyone was asked any questions elsewhere."
"That's what I'll do," Clay says. "I won't be badgering anybody though."
"Badger away. You know how these boys are. They aren't going to tell you nothing they don't want you to know."
"But you think they're okay to talk about Brett? They're not too broken up about it?"
"Hell, Clay, this ain't the Ladies Auxiliary. These boys can handle a couple of questions," Red says, turning his head toward the field, and pulling out a cigarette. "Get in front of that ball, Sal!"
"What'd you think of Brett?"
"You want one?" Red says, holding the pack of cigarettes out to Clay.
"No thanks. Just gave 'em up," Clay says, resisting the urge.
"Suit yourself," Red says, lighting the cigarette. "He was a great player. But you know that already." 
"I did."
"You want to know what I thought of him as a man."
"That's right."
"I don't fraternize much with the players, as you know, but I hear what's going on," Red says, surveying the field. "I could see that boy was trouble the moment he got here."
"How do you mean?"
"He knew he wasn't going to be here long, and he acted like it. He was ready to burn any bridge that got in his way. I suspect he would've been called up by now if he hadn't Well, you know." Red looks away from Clay, takes a long drag from his cigarette. "I was already getting a weekly call from double-A asking if I thought he was ready."
"What'd you tell them?"
"Always the same thing. He was ready to play ball, but he lacked the maturity to be a pro."
"What'd he do to make you think that?"
"He drank like a fish, for one. But he was also a gambling man. And baseball don't want any gamblers in the game."
"Did you ever talk to him about that?"
"Sure I did. He would tell me that he was just a poker man. He didn't bet sports. 'Not even the horses,' he would say."
"Maybe he was telling the truth."
"I think he was, but it wasn't the cards I was worried about. It was the crowd that came with the cards that worried me."
"Anybody in particular?"
"You know the type."
"Yeah, I know the type, but I was wondering if you had any names."
"He was in with Ramsey and his boys, and those are the types of guys that would place bets on the date of their own Mother's death. They'd be more than happy to take information from Brett that could help them win a bet on a baseball game."
"Right."
"Then there were the women," Red says.
"With Brett?"
"Yeah, he had a couple girls on the side. Usually, that's none of my business. I stay out of the boys' affairs as long as it doesn't show up on the field. But I had to straighten him out a couple of times when he had girls hovering outside the clubhouse."
"You recognize any of the girls?"
"No, can't say that I did."
"Well, I'm going to" Clay says, motioning to the dugout. 
"Come to my office after practice if you have any more questions."
"I'll do that," Clay says, and hobbles toward the dugout, still sore after his battle with the hillside earlier.
"When you going to get a cane?" Red asks, stopping him again.
Clay turns around and stares at Red. "If anyone else said that to me, I'd put a fist in their face."
"I don't like seeing you limp like that."
"And limping with a cane would be better?"
"You'd look a lot less likely to topple over."
"I had a fight with a hill before I got here."
"Looks like the hill won."
"It did," Clay says, half-smiling. "But if I get a cane, that'll mark the end of my comeback."
"Not going to be a comeback, Clay," Red says, a stern look on his face.
"You don't mince words. Never have."
"Don't have the time. Besides, you already knew you weren't coming back. It's been What's it been? Four years since you played?"
"But I was good."
"You're damn right you were. You were one of the most skillful second basemen I ever saw. You could've been a great one. But the war It just"
"It chewed me up."
"Spit you out."
"But I hit .306 for you right here on this field."
"Yeah, but it's single-A ball, and you'd known pro pitchers. And, still, you weren't going anywhere. Double-A wasn't even calling," Red says, and takes a long drag off his cigarette. "Besides, you couldn't run worth a damn."
"It was tough, but I tried."
"You did. You left more out on the field than most ballplayers will ever be able to say they did. And, here, in this clubhouse, you're still a hero to these guys."
"Yeah?"
"Sure you are. You made it to the show."
"That I did."
"They look up to you. Keep that in mind when you talk to 'em."
"I will," Clay says, and turns toward the dugout.
Clay has had a special connection with Red from the first day he came here to play. Red is the only guy around these parts who ever saw Clay play before the war. He was the third base coach for the Triple-A Baltimore club when Clay played there before he was called up to the Indians. And they both had experienced a fall of sorts: Clay with his injury, Red with his booze. And they've both had their comebacks. They were both given second chances here in San Jose by Henry and the Braves. Still, they can see the damage in one another like no one else around. They know where the other has been and what they've come from. It affords them the freedom to talk frankly to one another. 
Not that Red ever needed a reason to talk frankly. That's what makes him such a good coach.
Clay clumsily descends the three steps of the dugout, clutching the handrail for dear life. Johnny, the first base coach, is sitting on the end of the bench reading the newspaper. Sidney Bois, the third baseman, who's down toward the end of the dugout, is leaning over the rail, watching the rest of the team practice. 
Sid was the second best player on the team before Brett died. Now, he's the star of the club. He was also Brett's best friend on the team.
"What are you doing down here?" Clay asks, leaning into the dugout rail about six feet away from Sid.
"Hey, didn't see you come in," Sid says, seeming genuinely happy to see him.
"You feeling all right?"
"No, I'm fine. Just a little twinge in my thigh. Red saw me limping, and wants to keep me out of practice a few days."
"Red doesn't seem to like seeing anyone limp," Clay says. "You still going to play tonight?"
"Wouldn't miss it. It's probably just a little hamstring thing. No big deal."
"That's good."
"Hey, you mind if I ask you something?" Sid asks as he spits over the rail.
"Shoot."
"How long were you in single-A before they called you up?"
"My first go-around in single-A was the summer after my junior year in high school. I wasn't there long, maybe a couple weeks, before I was called up. And I think I was playing triple-A by the end of July.
"No kidding," Sid says, looking dejected.
"Look, kid, I got lucky. The right people saw me at the right time, that's all," Clay says. "Besides, it was a long time ago. Things are probably done differently compared to when I was starting out. Your time will come."
"You think?"
"Sure, I do. You've got a rifle for an arm, you're throwing bull's-eyes to first every time, and you're hitting What are you hitting now?"
"About .320."
"Well, hell, you'll be in double-A before the season's out if you keep hitting like that."
"Yeah, but my homers are down."
"Homers get attention here at the ballpark, but the guys that matter, the scouts who decide who goes to the show, they notice who gets on base. A hit is a hit no matter where you play."
"I guess you're right," Sid says, turning back to the action on the field.
"You think what happened to Brett has affected your play?"
"Nah," Sid says. "Well, maybe a little for the first few games after, but not anymore."
"And the other guys?"
"Everyone seems to be okay."
"It does show you though."
"What's that?"
"You've got to stay focussed on the game."
"You got that right."
Clay leans into the rail, scratches his face a little, reminds himself he needs a shave. "You mind if I ask you something about Brett?"
"What for?" Sid asks, turning to look at Clay. The friendliness that was there just a second earlier barely exists now. He's looking at Clay with suspicious eyes, and Clay's getting the distinct feeling that he's not going to be helpful for long if Clay can't think of a way to loosen the conversation up.
"The brass for the Braves asked me to look into what happened over here and report back to them. They're real upset about losing a hot prospect like Brett, and they want to see if there's anything they can do to prevent something like this from happening in the future."
"No kidding? So, Boston had their eyes on Brett already?"
"Sure they did," Clay says, and, though he felt bad for lying about the Braves contacting him, he also knew that sometimes a lie was the fastest way to get to the truth.
"What do they want to know?"
"Were you with him that night?"
"Yeah. A bunch of us went over to Eddie's Bar after the game."
"He drink a lot?"
"Brett always drank a lot, but he could hold his liquor better than anyone I ever saw."
"So, last you saw him, he seemed fine?"
"He was lit, no doubt about it, but nothing out of the ordinary for Brett."
"And you all left together?"
"No. He was the first to leave that night."
"You know where he was going?"
"A card game up in Fremont."
"He played cards a lot?"
"Oh, yeah, a couple days a week, I'd say."
"Always in Fremont?"
"Not sure, but lately it seemed like that was about the only place he was going. There was a girl up that way he was sweet on."
"He see lots of girls on the side?"
"Some, sure. Nothing serious though. He and Emma were real tight."
"But the girl up near Fremont, you know anything about her?"
"Just that he had a thing for her."
"How long?"
"I don't know. A couple weeks."
"Did he often take Emma to his card games?"
"Until that night, I don't think he ever did. She couldn't stand to watch him gamble."
"But, on that night, she went. What do you make of that?"
"Just bad luck, I guess."
"And she was with him at Eddie's that night?"
"Nope, just us guys."
"So, she didn't leave with him?"
"I'm not saying that. I'm just saying I never saw her."
"Did he mention that he was going to pick her up?"
"No, but I guess that's what he did."
"I suppose so."
Clay leans into the bar, stretches his leg behind him a bit, watches Red hit a short pop fly to the center fielder.
"You know, she was no angel either," Sid says.
"Who? Emma?"
"Yeah. I don't want you to think that Brett was the only one who had things going on. They loved each other, that was plain to see, but their relationship was It was loose. They had an understanding."
"Yeah? She had other men on the side?"
"Brett never said anything, but I saw her with other guys."
"Anyone in particular?"
"I don't want to speak out of turn and get anyone in trouble," Sid says, looking at Clay.
"Don't worry about it. My report to the Braves will be private, completely anonymous."
"Well, there's a lawyer in town I've seen her with a few times."
"Wayne Parker?"
"I think that's the guy. His office is over by the drugstore."
"Yeah, that's Wayne alright," Clay says. "And you're sure they were together?"
"Looked that way to me," Sid says, and spits over the rail again.
"You ever hear of a guy named Ramsey?"
"Sure. He's the guy who ran the tables Brett played."
"You ever sit in on any of those games?"
"Too rich for my blood."
"Any of the other guys ever go?"
"No, just Brett."
"He always go alone?"
"No. If he wasn't with a girl, he was usually with Kevin."
"Emma's brother?"
"That's right."
"Brett ever talk to you about what went on at these card games?"
"Only to brag if he'd had a good night at the table, which didn't seem to happen very often," Sid says smiling. "Otherwise, he kept pretty quiet about it."
"Sid," Clay says, holding out his hand to him. "You've given me just about all I need, I think. You've been a great help." 
Sid grabs his hand, grips it real tight. "You'll put in a good word for me with Boston?"
"Sure will," Clay says, and turns around and starts toward the steps of the dugout. Johnny, the first base coach, is standing on the steps now, his newspaper folded under his arm.
"What's in the news, Johnny?"
"No surprises."
"Yeah?"
"That's right," Johnny says. "What's new with you?"
"Nothing but surprises."

Four

Eddie's Bar is the closest bar to the ballpark in town. It's a big place at the end of the downtown strip. Everybody in town knows about Eddie's, and it seems like everyone, other than the temperance stragglers and holy rollers, find their way inside on one occasion or another. And, though the bar makes a killing on game nights, it mostly has the feel of a smalltime pub during the days and on nights when the Braves aren't playing.
The characters that decorate the place on a weekday afternoon are the same sad characters that are here everyday, and they'll be sitting in the same spots they're sitting in now for the remainder of the day. But in another two hoursjust before the gamethe bar will be completely packed. Then, outside of the regulars, the entire place will clear out for two hours while almost everyone takes their temporary leave from Eddie's to watch the Braves. After the game, a good portion of them will find their way back to Eddie's to celebrate a win, or to drink to 'getting 'em next time.' Win or lose, though, they always come back to Eddie's. It's the city's home base.
And one thing you can always count on at Eddie's is that Eddie himself will be inside tending bar. He was tending bar the first time Clay came here in 1946, and he's been there every night Clay's been inside since. He's standing there right now, under the dim lights behind the bar, wiping the wet off a glass, staring into space.
"Scotch and soda, Eddie."
"Sure thing," he says, never once looking in Clay's direction.
"Ready for the game day rush?"
"Never ready, always prepared," Eddie says as he pours scotch into the glass he was wiping only a moment before.
"Could I get some change for the phone when you get a second?" Clay says, sitting a dollar on the bar.
"The one behind the bar is free if you need it," Eddie says, motioning toward a phone at the far end of the bar, near the bathrooms.
"Thanks, I'll be quick," Clay says, walking to the end of the bar to the phone. He picks up the receiver, and asks the operator to connect him to Wayne's office. He waits, looking into the mirror that sits behind the bar. It's covered in wipe marks, and it adds some age to Clay's face. Clay looks away from it.
"Parker Law Office," Wayne's receptionist says.
"Is Wayne in?"
"May I ask who's calling?"
"Tell him it's Clay."
"One moment, please."
A couple seconds pass where Clay can hear some quiet muttering in the background, and then he hears some fumbling with the receiver.
"Clay?" Wayne asks.
"I've got some news for you."
"Already? I didn't expect to hear from you so soon."
"Don't get too excited. I haven't solved anything yet. If anything, I've got more questions than I'd bargained for."
"But you have news?"
"I do."
"Well?"
"I'd rather not talk about it over the phone."
"You wanna arrange for a place to meet," Wayne says, and then his voice goes quiet. "There's a place over by the scrapyard we could go. I don't think anyone will see us over there."
"That's not necessary," Clay says, shaking his head. "There's no reason to be clandestine about it. We're not exchanging nuclear secrets herejust talking."
"Right, but I'd rather people didn't know that I've hired you," Wayne whispers.
"You're giving folks around here too much credit."
"Well, where are you now?"
"I'm at Eddie's."
"You want me to meet you over there?"
"That's what I had in mind."
"Now?"
"Now or later. I'll be here until game time. Just come in and have a seat next to me at the bar, and we'll talk over drinks. No one will suspect a thing."
"Okay. I'll be there as soon as I can get out of here. I might be a bit longer, though."
"Take your time," Clay says and sits the receiver down. He walks back to his stool at the bar, sits down in front of his scotch, and takes a long, steady drink.
Eddie starts wiping the bar near Clay. 
"Looks like you needed to take the edge off," Eddie says.
"You could say that."
"Tough day?"
"Tough enough. They sure don't seem to be getting any easier," Clay says, and takes another big drink. "You mind filling me up?"
"That's why I'm here," Eddie says, and grabs Clay's glass.
"Terrible what happened to Brett Lattimore, huh?"
"Awful. Just awful. Couldn't believe it when I heard the news."
"He was in here that night, right?"
"Yeah, he and the rest of the guys," Eddie says, sitting a fresh scotch and soda in front of Clay.
"I hear he tied one on."
"I don't know. That boy could really put it away. And he did that night too. But I'd certainly seen him worse."
"How do you mean?"
"Different guys have different stages of drink. He'd been coming in here long enough that I started to learn his stages. He'd start off happy and loosea jolly drunk. He'd be boisterous and friendly, the-life-of-the-party kind of guy. When he was like that, he could be very generous. He often bought a round of drinks for the other players, and sometimes, on rare occasions, he would buy a round for the bar. But once he came out of the jolly drunk stage, he'd get obnoxious and mean. It was night and day too, and you could hardly see it coming until it was too late."
"No kidding?"
"Oh, yeah. I had to throw that boy out of here on more than a few occasions."
"What'd he do?"
"He'd start fights."
"Over what?"
"You know, standard schoolboy stuff. Maybe somebody looked at him the wrong way or something."
"I didn't know that."
"Yeah, and it's none of my business, but I saw him get pretty rough with Emma in here one night too."
"How do you mean?"
"Pushed her against the wall over by the bathroom and gave her a good, hard slap across the face," Eddie says, motioning toward the bathrooms.
"When was this?"
"I don't know. I guess it would've been about a month or two ago."
"You say anything?"
"Sure I did. I told him to get lost or I was going to call the police."
"What'd he do?"
"He said something nasty to me, got all puffed up, but then they just left," Eddie says. 
"She left with him."
"Sure did. I was surprised to see it after the shot he gave her, but, like I said, it was none of my business."
"Do you think he'd reached that violent line the night of the accident?"
"Not that I saw. He was still in the jolly drunk stage."
"Emma with him that night?"
"Nope, just him and the other guys."
"And when he left that night, he left alone?
"As far as I could tell."
"Was Kevin Dunham in here with him?
"Nope. Not that night."
"Brett ever bring any girls in here?"
"No, just Emma."
"You ever hear anything about him being with other women."
"Sure, I heard stuff, but I never saw anything."
"He ever say anything to you about playing in any card games?"
"Yeah, the night of the accident he said he was headed up to Fremont to play some cards," Eddie says, and then he stops wiping the bar. He looks up at nothing in particular, and then turns to Clay. "Come to think of it, he said he was going up to Fremont, and I remember saying something about the drive, just making conversation. Then he said something about having to stop off in Milpitas to pick someone up."
"Did he say who?"
"Nope. He paid his bill, and, after a few goodbyes to the other guys, he was off. That was the last time I saw him."
"That's strange. The accident was only a few miles outside of Milpitas."
"That's right," Eddie says, and goes back to wiping the bar.
Clay takes another slow drink of his scotch and soda. 
"About those stages of drink?" Clay asks.
"Yeah?"
"You figured out my stages?"
"Sure. You're the kind of guy who seems to get smaller and smaller the more you drink, and you drink until you just about disappear."
"Good. That's just what I've been aiming for."
Eddie smiles and walks down to the other side of the bar.
As Clay takes another drink, he looks into the mirror that lines the wall behind the bar. He watches the sunlight from the front door pour in from the mirror's reflection, and sees what looks like Wayne's silhouette enter the bar.
When he hears Wayne's footsteps approach him from behind, Clay says, "That was fast."
"I got here as soon as I could. I just had to rearrange a couple things," Wayne says, taking the stool to Clay's right at the bar.
"I meant what I said. There was no rush."
"I know, but I was curious."
"You do seem mighty curious," Clay says, taking a quick drink of his scotch.
"Can I buy you another drink?"
"Why not? You've bought me two already."
"Your drinks count as expenses?"
"I'm working, aren't I?"
"If you say so."
"I'd say I've done enough for one day's pay and a couple drinks."
"Well, let's hear it."
"Let's get those drinks first," Clay says, motioning for Eddie at the other end of the bar. Eddie wastes no time getting back, bottle of scotch in hand. "I'll have another, and Wayne will have"
"I'll have whatever he's drinking."
"And just put that on my tab, Eddie," Clay says.
"So, what'd you find out?"
"You might want to wait on that drink," Clay says.
"That bad?"
"Depends on how you take it?" Clay says as Eddie places the two drinks on the bar. "Remember, though, a lot of what I have is just background. I'm still fleshing things out."
"I'll keep that in mind."
"I went to see the sheriff this morning."
"You what?" Wayne asks, clearly upset. "Why'd you go and do that?"
"You sound alarmed."
"I didn't want anyone to know you were even looking into this."
"No, you said you didn't want anybody to know that I was looking into this for you. You said to be discrete. And I was. Besides, it's pretty hard to get anywhere on a case if you can't ask anyone anything about it."
"I should've been more specific."
"Relax. Have a drink," Clay says, and Wayne does what he's told and takes a drink. "Anyway, the sheriff says they got a positive dental identification on Brett, but the only positive ID they could get on the passenger was from Kevin. And, from what you've told me about the changes to the will before the accident, that presents some Curiosities.
"Also, I found out while I was drinking your dollars here at the bar that Brett was picking someone up in Milpitas before the card game that night, and, since the accident happened just outside Milpitas, I'll assume that whoever he picked up was the passenger in the car. And since Emma wasn't even in the habit of watching Brett play poker And if it's true that you saw her later that night It is true that you saw her walking that night?"
"That's what I said."
"I know what you said, but is it true?"
"Why would I lie about that?"
"Because you were sleeping with her," Clay says, looking directly at Wayne for the first time since he arrived.
"Who told you that?"
"It's more believable than you paying an investigator to look into a nagging curiosity you've been carrying."
"I said it was a guilty conscience, not a curiosity."
"Whatever you said, it was a stretch."
"I didn't think our relationship had any relevance to the"
"You're paying me to get to the truth of this thing, and if you're withholding anything from me, you're making it more difficult for me to arrive at the truth you want. So, from here on out, I'll decide what's relevant and what's not."
"But it's very important to me that nobody finds out that Emma and I were"
"Nobody cares," Clay says, a little too loudly. 
Wayne visibly winces, and leans back on his stool to see if anyone else at the bar is looking at them. No one's looking. 
"Clay, please."
"Nobody cares," Clay says, lowering his voice. "Nobody gives a damn about you and Emma. And you're crazy if you think I'm going to reveal delicate facts about you like some bored, chatty busybody. It may not end up being relevant to the case, but it's relevant to me if it gives me any insight into Brett, Emma, or the accident. You have to be upfront with me, delicate or not."
"What do you want to know?"
"All of it."
"From the beginning?"
"Everything," Clay says.
"How we met?"
"Seems as good a place to start as any."
"Alright," Wayne says, taking a quick drink. "I had seen Emma at the ball games, and I saw her sometimes around town with Brett. I never took any special notice of her, really. She was a pretty, young girl, sure, but she was taken. I'm not even sure I could've told you her name then. She was just Brett's girl.
"But, one day, as I was closing up shop, I heard what sounded like crying in the alley between my storefront and the drugstore. At first, I thought it was best to ignore it. 'It's none of your business,' I thought. But, as I started to walk away, I just couldn't let it go. I knew it would needle at me if I walked away. So, I turned into the alley, and there she was, lying on the ground with a bloody tissue covering her mouth."
"What was wrong?" 
"Her and Brett had a fight, and he'd hit her."
"Sounds like he made a habit of it."
"You knew?"
"Not 'til today."
"It's strange, isn't it? He seemed like such a nice guy on the ball field, and, even in public, when I saw him out, he seemed like a pretty jovial guya big kid, really. But he was a bad guy, Clay. Seriously. He was no good."
"You don't have to convince me."
"Sorry, it's just"
"He hit her a lot?"
"Once is too often."
"Sure, but I'm trying to get at the root of how violent he was."
"I obviously only knew their relationship from what she told me, and only for the three months that I was Close to her. But he was a mean drunk, particularly if he came home late and had a bad night at the card table."
"Is that why she didn't like to watch him play cards?"
"That's right," Wayne says, looking over at Clay. "You have been putting your ear to the ground."
"That's why you're paying me."
"Anyway, I brought her into my office that day. My secretary had already gone home by then, and we just talked. She told me about Brett, and how frightened she'd become of him, how he only seemed to be getting worse. I asked her to go to the police, but she wouldn't even entertain the possibility."
"Why not?"
"She didn't want to do anything to jeopardize his ball career. She was as attached to him getting to the big leagues as he was."
"When did you start sleeping with her?"
"The next daythe day after she was crying in the alley. I had told her that if she ever felt scared, or in danger, she was welcome to call me anytime day or night. And, the next day, she showed up at my doorstep."
"Is that a service you'd offer all your clients, or just the pretty twenty year olds?"
"There's no question I was sweet on her, and I made no secret of that to her. But I didn't force myself on her either."
"But if they weren't married, and he was hitting her, why'd she stay with him at all?"
"Like I said, she was attached to the dream as much as he was. Also, I think she had grown accustomed to the lifestyle he provided her."
"So, it was his money she was attached to?"
"Could be. I don't know. But it wouldn't have been surprising. As she tells it, she grew up dirt poor. Her family worked land in Kansas before the dust bowl. After the crops were gone, her family moved here in the mid-thirties with nothing but the clothes on their backs. Her mother was not a healthy woman, and didn't survive long after they got here. And her dad was a hard worker, but a drinkerno kind of a father. So, as far as I know, she was stuck raising her brother from an early age. If you were to spend any time with her, it's clear she's struggled all her life to get anything. Brett rescued her from all that. It's safe to say that she might've been scared to lose the security he offered her."
"But he wouldn't marry her?"
"Nope."
"Thus the will."
"The will was my idea. I thought since they weren't married, she needed to protect herself. Besides, everyone knew how reckless Brett was off the field. She owed it to herself to be insured against that recklessness."
"Whose idea was it to add Kevin to the will? Was that her idea?"
"Yeah, I had nothing to do with that."
 "And the night of the accident, when you saw her, were you together?"
"Yeah, we were together, but that wasn't unusual. We were always together on nights when Brett left town to play cards."
"She was with you the whole night?"
"No, she would usually slip out before I got up. She didn't want anyone to see her, obviously."
"You have any idea when she left?"
"No idea. I was sound asleep."
"When was the last time you saw her?"
"It was late. After midnight."
"And she usually walked home from your place?"
"Yeah, their house was less than a mile down the road."
"And you never tried to persuade her to leave him?"
"Of course I did. All the time. I hated the idea of her being with him. I was scared for her."
"She must have slipped town pretty soon after she left your place."
"Seems likely."
"Any idea where she might have gone?"
"That's what I'm paying you to find out."
"How would she have known to leave town? How would she have known about the accident? And, even if she knew about the accident, how could she have been sure he was dead?"
"I don't know."
"No, I don't suppose you would," Clay says, and takes another drink of his scotch. "You think her brother helped get her out of town?"
"I don't know how. He doesn't have a car."
"How'd she get out of town?" Clay asks, looking away from Wayne, clearly talking to himself.
"These are the questions I've been asking myself for two weeks."
"If you want answers, I'm going to need some money up front."
"What for?"
"I'm going to need something for todayabout thirty-five bucks, twenty-five for the day and ten for expenses. These drinks aren't going to pay for themselves, after all. And I'll need at least that much for tomorrow too."
"That's seventy dollars."
"That's the math."
"Boy, I don't know how long I'll be able to keep this up," Wayne says, pulling out his wallet.
"If you want me to find her, I'm going to have to travel."
"Where to?" Wayne asks, placing cash on the bar for Clay.
"I'll need to go to San Francisco tomorrow."
"You think she's in San Francisco?"
"Not necessarily, but I think that's where our questions start to find answers," Clay says, grabbing Wayne's money, tucking it inside his jacket.
He drinks the last of his scotch and motions for Eddie.

It's the top of the third inning by the time Clay arrives at the Braves' game. He hobbles down the steps to his seat, a couple rows behind the home dugout. His thigh is bothering him even more than normal. It hasn't stopped throbbing since he climbed the hill at the site of the accident earlier. He stretches his hand over the muscle and considers what Red said about getting a cane. Would it really be so terrible to have to walk with a cane? It's not like his thigh is getting any better. It used to be that a few drinks would at least help him forget the pain, but his time at Eddie's hasn't seemed to have done the trick. 
As he takes his seat, he takes a second to survey the field in front of him. It's a beautiful day for a ball gamesunny and in the mid-seventies. It's not too hot, and the crowd is robust for a four o'clock game on a weekday. He looks at the scoreboard. The Braves scored two runs in the bottom of the second. They're playing pretty well this season, and Clay's thankful that he can take the next few hours to decompress before what's sure to be a long day tomorrow.
Before he left Eddie's, he called Jack, his old boss in San Francisco, and arranged to meet him tomorrow afternoon. Clay's convinced that the answer to what happened to Brett, and, then, what happened with Emma, will somehow go through Ramsey and his Fremont card games. And, if anybody knows what's going on with Ramsey, it'll be Jack.
The seat next to Clay is empty. It's Maggie's seat. She's always pretty busy in the box office for the first several innings of the game. She doesn't usually get to her seat until the third or fourth inning. He turns around to see if he can see her hovering in the stands, talking to the stray fan as she makes her way to her seat, as she usually does. But, as Clay surveys the seats behind him, any hope he had that the game might take his mind off Brett and Emma disappears when he spots Kevin, Emma's brother, in the next section over.
If Maggie were here, she'd convince him to stay put and watch the game, to forget about Kevin. She'd appeal to him to let Kevin enjoy the game and wait to interrogate him afterwards. So, Clay decides to get to him before Maggie has a chance to talk him out of it.
He gets up from his seat, struggles back up the stairs, and sits on the step next to the aisle seat where Kevin is sitting. 
Kevin doesn't acknowledge him.
"You Kevin Dunham?"
"Who's asking?"
"I'm Clay. I was a friend of your brother-in-law."
"Is that right?" Kevin says, still not looking in Clay's direction.
"That's right," Clay says. "I was sorry to hear about your sister."
"You friends with her too?"
"I knew her, yeah."
Kevin looks at him now. "Look, pal, I just want to watch the game. You mind?"
"Yeah, sorry, I just had a couple quick questions for you."
"Yeah?" Kevin says, turning back to the game.
"I hear you used to go up to Fremont with Brett to play poker, and I"
"Hey, aren't you that P.I. that used to play ball?"
"That's right."
"Why are you asking questions about Brett and my sister?"
"The usual reasons."
"You working a case?"
"Might be. Depends on the answers you give me."
"I've got no answers for you. I'm just here to watch the game."
"What about after the game?"
"I'm busy."
"Tomorrow? You work at that garage off Fourth, right?"
"I do."
"I'll come and visit you tomorrow."
"If you say so," Kevin says, staring straight ahead again.
Clay rises and struggles back down the steps toward his Maggie, who has found her way to her seat.
"You're late," she says.
"No, I've been here five minutes already."
"Where were you?"
"I was just up there talking to Kevin," Clay says, turning to motion toward Kevin, but Kevin's no longer there. "That's strange."
"What?"
"Nothing," Clay says. "Let's just watch the game."

Five

"You were gone when I got up this morning," Clay says, catching Maggie's throw.
"You noticed."
"I always notice," he says, throwing the ball back to her.
"Does it bother you?" she asks. "You've never said anything about it before."
"I'm saying something now," he says. "What time did you leave?"
"About six or so."
"Why?"
"I was up."
"Seriously, Maggie."
"Until you make an honest woman of me, I don't exactly want people to see me coming out of your apartment in the morning."
"Come on. Everyone already knows we're together."
"Some do, maybe. But not like that. People are still pretty innocent around here."
"But they have to know."
"There's still a lot of people in town that wouldn't like to see a single girl walking out of a bachelor's apartment in the morning."
"Well, they need to grow up."
"They're not the only ones," she says, throwing him the ball.
"What's that?" he asks, catching the ball, turning his head a bit as if he didn't hear her right.
"Nothing."
"What's that supposed to mean?" he asks, holding the ball up, frozen in mid-throw.
"Just forget it."
"I won't forget it," he says, still holding the ball.
"Clay, you already know my feelings about this. There's really no point in rehashing it."
"Whatever you say, princess," Clay says, throwing the ball back to her.
"Don't call me that. You know I don't like it."
Maggie's dad used to call her princess, and the only time Clay ever called her that was when he was referring to her wealth in a passive-aggressive way. She had money. He didn't. This is where a good deal of the tension in their relationship came from. He knew that she believed her money was the principle reason he hadn't made a more serious commitment to their relationship, and she might be partially right. He certainly isn't comfortable with the idea of her supporting him. And he suspects that the social disparity was a big reason why her dad was so uncomfortable with her being with an athlete. After a certain age, a professional jock has less and less to offer, and that's certainly true with Clay. He has nothing to offer her. But, regardless of their legitimate social disparity, she was right, he did need to grow upin more ways than one. 
"So you left my place at six, and then what? You went home, cleaned up, and came here?"
"No, I just came here and cleaned up," she says, throwing the ball back to him.
"You keep clothes here."
"Since you and I've been together, I have."
"Where do you shower?"
"The locker room."
"You shower in the locker room? What if someone came in?"
"How? I have the keys, remember?"
"Right," he says, throwing her the ball.
"How's things going on this Brett thing you're working?" she asks, clearly trying to change the subject.
"It's coming along faster than I thought."
"Yeah? Anything interesting?"
"More interesting than I would've imagined this time yesterday."
"How so?"
"I don't want to come to any broad conclusions yet, but the car accident isn't looking as cut and dry as it did a couple weeks ago."
"How do you mean?" 
"I'd rather not say until I have more information."
"Damn it, Clay. Why'd you tell me anything if you weren't going to tell me everything? Now, I'm curious."
"You asked."
"I hope its nothing too serious. Brett is a hero around here, you know. The fans loved him before the accident, and they revere him even more now. I hope you're not planning on tearing that down."
"No, I don't think anything I'll find will disabuse anyone of his hero status."
"And Emma?"
"I'm not saying anything else about it," he says, catching the ball and moving toward the dugout.
"Clay, come on."
"I have to go."
"Where to?" she asks, leaning over the rail of the dugout toward him.
"I've got to stop at a service station here in town, and then I'm off to San Francisco."
"San Francisco, huh? Will you be back tonight?"
"Why? You want to get together?" he asks, walking closer to her, placing his hands on the rail near her breasts.
"Always," she says as she leans in to kiss him.

Clay parks his Fleetmaster about half a block from Gene's Garage and just watches the place for a minute. There is a single, solitary figure in the garage bent over the underside of a car's hood. Clay can't tell from this distance if it's Kevin or not. 
He reaches down and grabs a baseball from the floor of the passenger seat and grips it in his left hand, rubs at the hide of the ball with his right.
Interviewing people who have no desire to be interviewed is Clay's least favorite part of the job. And there's no doubt that Kevin has no desire to talk to him, and, due to the nature of the questions, he could hardly blame the guy. Still, Clay has a bad feeling that things could get combative quickly, and he's not quite feeling up to a fight this morning. It might help if he had a few drinks in him, but it's too early in the morning for that. At least yesterday at the ballpark, he'd had a fair share of scotch in him before he approached Kevin. A belly full of scotch is always good for a healthy dose of bravado.
But bravado or not, he has to find out what Kevin was doing the night of the accident. He has to find out about Kevin's relationship with Brett and the Ramsey card games.
 Clay throws the ball back down on the floor, and gets out of the car. He just stands there by the car for a minute looking up and down the street. He reflexively reaches into his pocket for a cigarette. There aren't any cigarettes, of course. This is why he'd put off quitting for so long. Smoking calmed his nerves, gave him something to focus on, other than the task at hand. A cigarette is a handy distraction, an easy tool for social deflection. Usually, though, a baseball in the hand serves as a nice enough substitute for Clay, relieves a bit of the tension. He likes to have something to do with his hands when he's asking difficult questions in a possibly volatile situation. And asking someone if their sister is really dead is not an ideal question, and invites an immediate level of volatility. Still, carrying a baseball into the garage might give the impression that he's carrying it as a weapon, and he certainly doesn't want to encourage a fight.
Clay walks toward the garage. His limp is less pronounced than it was yesterday, but it's still feeling pretty sore. He tries to hold the pain at arm's length, tries not to dwell on it. As he gets closer to the garage, it becomes clear to him that the guy under the hood is not Kevin. 
"Excuse me," Clay says. 
The guy under the hood stands upright. He's an older fellow, probably in his fifties. He's wearing a dirty pair of gray coveralls with 'Gene' embroidered in cursive over the left breast.
"What can I do for you?" he asks, wiping his hands on a dirty rag he took from the front pocket of his coveralls.
"I'm looking for Kevin Dunham."
"He's not in yet," the man says, walking over to a tool bench off to the side of the open garage door. "Anything I can help you with?"
Clay takes a step toward the guy, and reaches his hand out. "I'm Clay, by the way."
"Gene. Nice to meet you," the guy says, squeezing Clay's hand with his blackened, calloused hand.
"This your garage?"
"It is."
"Do you mind if I ask when Kevin usually gets here?"
"Who knows? Sometimes he's here before me. Other days, he'll saunter in here around lunch like he owns the place."
"But you are expecting him today?"
"Yeah, he'll be here. Just can't say when."
"Could you tell him I stopped by?" Clay asks, and turns away from Gene.
"You one of Ramsey's boys?" Gene asks.
"No, I'm not." Clay says, turning back toward Gene. "Have Ramsey's boys been here looking for Kevin?"
"Sure. Not for a couple weeks, though. Not since the Well, it's been a few weeks."
"Not since the accident."
"Yeah. Not since then. Seems like a common courtesy to leave a fella alone for awhile after something like that happens anyway," Gene says, grabbing a tool from the bench and heading back over to the car he was working on.
"You know why Ramsey sent his boys here to see Kevin?"
"Sure. He owed Ramsey money. The kid just doesn't know when to stop, I guess," Gene says, sitting on the car, looking outside the garage. "Last time they were in here, they tried to play tough with me. With me. Can you imagine? They thought I was covering for him or something. So, I asked them why they let him keep playing. 'Keep him out of the games,' I said. The boy loves poker. He's not going to stop unless they make him."
"What'd they say?"
"Not much. They were just a couple of goons."
"They do anything to you?"
"Me? Nah. I can handle myself alright," Gene says.
"So, did Kevin used to go to these card games with Brett?"
"Oh, yeah. All the time. Although, Kevin stopped going with him a week or two before the accident. They had some kind of falling out. Tell you the truth, if they hadn't had that fight, Kevin probably would've been in the car with him that night."
"What'd they fight about? You know?"
"What do young guys usually fight about?"
"You tell me."
"Girls. It's always about a girl, right?"
"I don't know. It's been a while since I've been that young."
"Nah. You're still a young man to an old codger like me."
"Maybe so," Clay says.
"Why are you asking all these questions about Kevin?"
"I'm a P.I."
"Hey, you're Clay Hart," Gene says, a smile lifting his gray face.
"I am."
"I knew you looked familiar, but I couldn't place you without your ball cap on. You used to play first base for the Braves."
"So I did."
"Boy, I remember you. You were a hell of a hitter."
"I did alright."
"Alright? You were more than alright," Gene says, almost laughing. And suddenly his face looks younger, less heavy. He seems more at ease in his skin, a lot less somber than he did just a few seconds before. Sports often has a way of bringing out the boys in men. 
"Didn't you play in the big leagues before the war?" Gene asks.
"For a little while."
"Who'd you play for again?"
"The Indians."
"That's right. I remember now," Gene says, and then he takes a look at Clay's leg and the smile begins to disappear from his face. Then he notices Clay noticing him staring and changes the subject. "So, is the kid in trouble?"
"I don't know. I just wanna"
"Speak of the devil," Gene says.
Clay turns and locks eyes with Kevin. Only a second passes before Kevin turns and runs back in the direction from where he came. A second later, Clay bolts after him.
At first, Clay is moving faster than he thought he could move. His reflexes are still as sharp as they ever were. But after about fifty yards or so, his thigh is screaming at him. It was like his leg was trying to remind him that he couldn't do this anymore, and once the reminder finally reached his head, he knew that, if he didn't slow himself down in a hurry, he was going to drop. So, he started to slow, but it was too late. He fell anyway.
It didn't matter one way or the other. Kevin had already turned the corner. He was fast and young. Clay was slow and disabled. It was never a fair fight. 
Luckily, Clay wasn't moving as fast as he thought. If he had been running faster, the tumble he took would've been much worse. As it was, all he had was a couple of skinned palms and a bruised ego. At least the skinned palms were new.
As he goes to get up, Gene approaches him from behind.
"You need any help?"
"No, I think I got it," Clay says, but then quickly realizes he doesn't have it. "Maybe I could use a hand, if you don't mind."
Gene reaches down and pulls him up. "You going to be able to walk back?"
"I think so," Clay says, limping far more dramatically than before. His left hand is wrapped tight around his thigh for support and he's wincing with every step. "I'm going to be asking myself why I tried that for the next couple of days."
"So, it looks like the boy's in trouble, huh?"
"He may be. May not be. I don't know. But he sure thinks he is."
"That's too bad. If he could quit the cards, he's a good kida hard worker."
"Who knows? It may look worse than it is," Clay says through gritted teeth as he sits on the curb in front of the garage. 
"You know, there's no shame in walking with a cane," Gene says.
"So I've been told," Clay says, looking up at Gene, a resigned look painted on his hot, red face. "You think I could get Kevin's address before I go."

Six

Walking the streets of San Francisco has struck a nostalgic chord in Clay. When he was here before, it was always during the offseason. There were always fresh memories of baseball still in his mind, along with the fantasies of games he was yet to play. 
Even after his final season, he was walking these same streets firmly believing he would play the following spring. But it was a lonely time. Though he still believed he would return to play ball for the Braves, there was the fear that his normal post-season hobbling wouldn't get any better, and that he would be done. What he especially remembers about that last winter was that the doubt just grew and grew until what was long clear to everyone else finally became clear to him. He would never progress beyond single-A ball with his injury. 
His career was stagnant, but he still loved the game so much he could hardly help looking forward to playing in the future. Even now, just thinking about it, he can remember those butterflies he'd get before a game. He can still remember the rush he'd feel when he ran out to take the field for the first time at the beginning of a home game, or that storm of determination he'd feel every time he'd stroll to home plate, sizing up a pitcher through the squint of sun-stained eyes.
But he also remembers how much he missed Maggie during those San Francisco winters. Sure, they were never official, and her dad was dead set against their being together, but there was something palpable between them. Still, silly or not, Henry just did not want Maggie to end up with a ballplayer. And, though he must have known that Clay's ambitions as a ballplayer were limited by his injury, and that he would eventually have to find another vocation, this never seemed to quell his tacit disapproval of Maggie's interest in Clay. 
Despite this, Clay and Maggie never stopped sharing flirtations. They had been playing footsie with one another like adolescent school kids from the moment Clay came to town, and the time he spent away from her in San Francisco was always difficult. He missed their verbal back-and-forths, their morning games of catch by the dugout. It was probably during that last, long winter that he realized he didn't want to be without her anymore.
And these San Francisco streets bring back all those old feelings. 
It's been at least two years since he's been back, and it's been at least that long since he's seen Jack, his old boss. They've stayed in contact, though. Jack has referred cases to Clay that were closer to San Jose than San Francisco, and Clay has called on Jack many times for advice about a case, or for leads on work when times were slow. But Clay hasn't visited Jack's agency, The Clayborne Detective Agency, since the winter of 1949.
As he approaches the agencya first row space in the Raydeon Building on Montgomery Streethe nears a newsstand, and the man working the stand makes eye contact with him.
"Get your Chronicle!" the guy yells.
Clay just smiles at the guy and starts to pass him by, but the guy steps in front of Clay.
"This is your paper, pal."
Clay had seen this trick before. Jack was always happy to use the newsstand guys around town to send covert notes to his guys on the street. It was an easy way to warn his detectives if there was something to look out for, or if something out of the ordinary was happening. Clay never could quite figure out how the newsstand guys knew who to give the paper to, but Jack had his fair share of trade secrets he wasn't eager to reveal.
Clay takes the paper, reaches into his pocket, and grabs a couple coins to give the newsstand guy. 
"Sports page is worth a look," the guy says as he backs away from Clay.
Clay takes his meaning and opens to the sports page as he walks from the newsstand toward the office building. Sure enough, there is a note written at the top of the sports page.

Don't visit office. You got a tail. Walk two blocks to Pine. Turn right. Enter under the pipe.

Clay folds the newspaper and tucks it under his arm. He resists the almost overwhelming urge to turn and try to see who's following him. He keeps moving. But now that he knows someone's on his tail, he's suddenly conscious of his stride. He tries to keep his pace as normal as possible to avoid tipping the guy off to the fact that he knows he's there.
He turns onto Pine and almost immediately spots the sign shaped like a pipe. It's hanging above the storefront of a tobacco shop.
The musky smell of pipe tobacco washes over Clay as he enters the shop. It's a nice, calming aroma, but Clay's feeling anything but calm. His heart is racing. He's usually the one doing the following, not the other way around. He's never knowingly been the one being followed. Suddenly, he feels a great deal of sympathy for the people he's followed in the past, particularly the ones that you could tell already suspected they might have someone tailing them. If you don't know you're being followed then no harm doneat least as far as you're concerned. If you know you're being followed, it's scary.
The man behind the counter is an older fellow with a thick handlebar mustache. He has a pipe planted between his lips, and looks harmless enough. He perfectly fits the caricature of a guy that would own a tobacco store.
"Clay, go up to the counter," a voice whispers from a hidden corner of the shop. Clay can't see the person who belongs to the voice, but it sounds like Jack.
Clay walks up to the counter.
"Order a pack of cigarettes," the voice says.
"But I don't smoke anymore," Clay says, looking over in the direction of the voice, and finally sees Jack. He's standing beside a rotating pipe display in the rear corner of the shop, out of sight from the storefront windows.
"Don't look over at me," Jack says. "Just order me a pack of cigarettes."
"I'll take a pack of Lucky's," Clay says. 
The guy behind the counter reaches under the counter and places a pack of Chesterfields on the counter.
"I ordered Lucky's."
"But Jack smokes Chesterfields," the guy behind the counter calmly says.
Clay places some change on the counter and grabs the Chesterfields.
"Is he gone, Howard?" Jack asks.
"Looks like it," the guy says after taking a quick look out the storefront windows.
"Come over here, Clay." 
"What's this all about?" Clay asks, handing Jack his cigarettes.
"Listen, we don't have much time. He'll be outside waiting for you to leave, and if you're not out there after a few minutes, he's going to suspect something is up."
"Who is it?"
"He's one of mine."
"One of yours?"
"Ramsey called me last night, told me he wanted someone in San Jose tailed. I told him that I didn't usually work the San Jose area, but that I knew a detective in the area."
"You told him my name?"
"No, he never asked. But when he gave me the info, it was you he wanted followed."
"What's he want with me?"
"He's only going to tell me so much, but he did say that you were poking around in a case they didn't want anyone poking around in. So, somebody ratted you out."
"Yeah, I know the guy," Clay says, thinking of Kevin.
"So, you know what this is about?"
"Yeah, I know," Clay says. "But why do you actually have to follow me? Can't you just let me be, give him a phony report?"
"In the old days I could, but, now, Ramsey is too paranoid. He sometimes has his guys follow my guys."
"What?"
"Yeah, he's gone bananas, but he pays me on time. So, what am I going to do? Ramsey business may be crazy business, but it's still good business."
"What do I do now?"
"Drop the case."
"I can't do that."
"I figured you'd say that," Jack says. "Okay, here's what you do. You're going to want to leave here, turn left, and go to Fitz's Bar at the end of the block. Have a couple drinks. My guy is supposed to let Ramsey's guys know where you've landed so they can pay you a visit."
"What? What's that mean?"
"Don't worry about it. They're not going to hurt you. Not yet anyway. They're just going to try and scare you off the case. Tell them what they want to hear and then get out of town. I think that'll buy you a day or two to wrap things up, but, after that, if you're still working it, they'll do more than just scare you."
"Should I be worried?"
"I don't know. I don't know what you're into, and I don't want to know. I plan to maintain plausible deniability just in case Ramsey found out I tried to help you. I will say this, though, Ramsey called me personally about you. He never does that. So, you've got him worried, and the last thing you want is to have Ramsey worried about you."
"And you don't know anything about the case I'm working? He didn't say anything to you?"
"I don't know any more than what you told me on the phone. Other than that, all I know is that Ramsey doesn't like it, and he wants a rolling progress report on where you're going, how long you stay there, and who you were there with. You know the deal," Jack says. "Look, you've gotta go, you've already been here too long."
"Why in the world are you hiding from your own man?"
"If my man knows I met you, Ramsey's men could find out just as easily," Jack says.
"You're starting to sound pretty paranoid yourself."
"No question about that. Ramsey's paranoia always keeps me thinking two steps ahead," Jack says. "Is there anything I can do for you?"
"If you know anything about a girl from Milpitas that Ramsey might have had it in for, that could help."
"Milpitas. Near Fremont?"
"Yeah, you know anything?"
"No, but I'll look into it," Jack says. "And if I hear of any surprises coming your way, I'll figure out a way to let you know.
"Thanks," Clay says and turns toward the door.
As he leaves the shop, and turns left toward the bar, he sees the guy that's been following him. There's no mistaking the type. The nonchalance of his posture as he leans against the brick facade of the pipe shop makes him stick out. He's dressed too nice to be a loiterer, and the rehearsed apathy of his stare says that he's clearly watching while simultaneously trying to seem like he's not watching. Clay never realized how conspicuous these guys could be before. It makes him wonder how obvious he is as a tail. Maybe this is how Jack's newsstand guys know who to pass his notes to. Maybe all P.I'.s are as easy to spot as this joker.
After about a hundred feet or so, Clay sees the sign for Fitz's Bar. When he gets to the door, he grabs the handle, but doesn't open it yet. He takes a look back down the street, and his tail is about twenty, twenty-five feet backtoo close, really. It's probably hard to stay too far back when you're following a guy with a bad limp. Clay just walks too slow. Still, the guy knows he's been caught, and he crosses the street, trying to look as spontaneous as can be.
For a moment, Clay just stands there, door handle in hand, and it occurs to him that if he were going to make a run for it, now would be the time. The guy following him is crossing the street, and is deliberately not looking back, too scared to get caught again. Plus, Fitz's is on the corner of Hayes and Pine. He could just turn down Hayes and disappear down the next available alley. Then, once he was clear, he could run for No, he couldn't run. It's still so easy for him to forget about his physical limitations. 
He's not going anywhere other than Fitz's for the moment.
Fitz's Bar is a dark place for this time of day, just before noon. There's only one window in the place, by the door, and it's too small to let much daylight in. The music that's playing sounds like the kind of music you'd like to hear if you'd already tied one on and were feeling lonesome. It's a slow, mournful jazz, but it's quiet enough to be hardly more than a hum. The music seems appropriate for the only two guys sitting at the bar. They both look like they have something to mourn, and they are sitting about as far from what little light is shining in from the front window as possible. They wear the same kinds of expressions you'd see at this time of day at Eddie's back home, but they seem more caricatured by the darkness in the room, the slow sadness of the music. 
The guy tending bar seems about as happy as Clay is to be here. His face is heavy and tired, and he looks more like a guy that should be sitting at the bar than tending it. He's much more resigned to his work, not at all like Eddie. Eddie makes everything look so easy. It's like Eddie's Bar was built around him as the anchor of the place. This bartender looks like someone built Fitz's as his prison.
Clay moves to the window, peeks out. He can see Jack's P.I. across the street, leaning against a phone booth. Clay wonders how long it will take him to call Ramsey's guys. Clay bets that if he orders a drink, then comes back to the window, the guy will be in the booth. And by the time he's finished his drink, if he nurses it a bit more than usual, Ramsey's guys will be outside waiting for him as he leaves.
He walks up to the bar.
"What'll it be?" the bartender asks. He's a straight forward kind of guyno pleasantries.
"Scotch and soda," Clay says, but then he thinks better of it. "Just make that a scotch. No soda. A double on rocks." He might need a little extra juice to take the sting out if they pop him in the mouth. Clay's always had a bad habit of saying something smart to the wrong guy when he's in a bad situation.
The bartender sits the drink down on the bar without so much as a word. Clay grabs it, takes a drink. Takes another one. 
He goes back to the window. The P.I. is walking away from the phone. He's already made the call. It'll be a few more minutes before they get here.
Clay goes back to the bar, sits on the stool closest to the door, and takes a long, slow drink of his scotch. He doesn't have any idea what schedule the Ramsey boys are on, but he's planning on taking his time. In fact, the scotch feels so nice going down, he thinks he might have two. 
The phone rings behind the bar. The bartender answers it. He looks over at Clay, mutters something, and then hangs up. He approaches Clay.
"Can I get you another scotch?"
"Sure, I'll take another," Clay says, and slugs what remains in his glass, including the ice.
The bartender pours another drink, but he's much more generous with this drink than he was with the last, and, when he sits it down, there is a pitying look in his eyes.
"What's going on?" Clay asks.
"What do you mean?"
"What was that call about? Was it about me?"
"What makes you say that?"
"You looked over at me."
"Did I?"
"You did. Then, all of a sudden, you're the friendly type, asking me if I need another drink, and pouring me a nice, full glass of scotch."
"Compliments of the house," a voice says from the back of the bar.
The bartender swings a towel down from his shoulder, puts his head down, and walks away.
Two guys are walking toward Clay. They're both pretty big guysone much bigger than the other. They definitely have the look of someone's goons. They must have come in through the back door, or, maybe, this bar is a front for something behind the scenes. Either way, they surprised him, and Clay doesn't like surprises.
"What are you doing here?" the smaller of the two goons says. Clay makes a mental note to dub him Goon #1.
"Drinking scotch."
"Why here?"
"It was on my way."
"Where's that?"
"Was meeting a friend, not that it's any of your business."
"I'll decide what is or isn't my business," Goon #1 says.
"I'm not sure that works for me," Clay says.
"Watch your mouth, pal. Don't be smart. My friend here doesn't like it when guys get too smart," #1 says, looking at Goon #2. Clay turns to get a closer look at #2, who is standing beside him on his right. The expression on #2's face doesn't change when Clay meets his eyesthe deadest eyes Clay's ever seen.
"What's this about?" Clay asks, turning back to his scotch.
"You carrying?"
"No, I never carry."
"A P.I. that doesn't carry? I don't believe it," #1 says.
"Who said I was a P.I.?
"A little birdie told me."
"Well, I don't carry. Once you've been shot, you tend not to like being around guns very much."
"I'm sure it's a real sad story," #1 says. "But instead of you telling us about it, you won't mind if we just check to make sure?"
"Not that I have a choice," Clay says, standing up from his stool on #2's side.
Goon #2 pats him down from top to bottom, and then stands and nods at Goon #1.
"You can sit down," #1 says.
Clay sits back down.
"Now, I'm going to ask you again, what are you doing here?"
"And I'll tell you again, I'm having a drink."
Goon #1 looks at Goon #2 and nods. Clay turns to look at #2 just in time to feel his fist hit his mouth and jaw. It seemed to happen in slow motion. He had a pretty good idea what was coming, and he tried to brace himself for it, but it didn't matter. It didn't even seem like #2 put much effort into it either. It was like he just poked his fist at Clay, but the poor effort didn't stop Clay from falling off his stool like a sack of concrete on #1's side.
Clay, from the floor, looks up at the bartender. He's wiping a glass with his towel, not even looking over at what's happening. The other two guys at the bar don't seem to have noticed anything either. They're in pretty much the same position they were in when he came inleaning over a drink, carefully minding their own business.
Clay grabs his jaw, moves it around a bit. It's not broken, though it hurts like hell. "That's a good way to lose a customer."
"You think you're pretty smart, don't ya?" #1 asks.
"No, but I'm getting the idea that this isn't just a friendly neighborhood bar."
"I wouldn't say that."
"My jaw begs to differ," Clay says, pulling himself up, keeping a hard stare on Goon #1 as he takes a seat on the stool again.
"Joe. Some ice," #1 says to the bartender.
The bartender scoops some ice into his towel, and slides it down the bar to Clay without looking. It's clearly something he's done before.
"Let's try this again. You're here, why?" #1 asks.
"I'm sure you think giving me a good punch will change my answer, but it won't. All I can do is tell you the truth, and the truth is that I came in here to get a drink. I was supposed to meet a friend nearby, but he cancelled at the last minute. So, I came to the first place I could find for a drink before I left town."
"I believe you."
"Wish you would've believed me before your friend introduced himself to my face."
"So, this friend you were meeting, was this meeting about anything in particular?"
"Yeah, it's about a case I'm working."
"Tell me about this case."
"I don't think I will."
"I'm going to give you a chance to change your mind," #1 says, taking a seat on the stool next to Clay.
"It's a local case for mefrom San Jose. It has to do with a ballplayer."
"Anyone else?"
"Sure."
"Okay, you're clearly not getting the message," Goon #1 says. He takes a deep breath, leans back on his chair. "Do you know where you are right now?"
"Honestly?"
"My friend will insist on it," #1 says, looking over at Goon #2. Clay looks over at #2. He's still expressionless, still staring at Clay with those same dead eyes.
"We're in one of Ramsey's bars. I'm assuming there's a place upstairs for fun and games."
"Don't make assumptions."
"That's all I can do."
"So, you know Mr. Ramsey?"
"No, not personally. But I know of him, and you already know that or you wouldn't be here talking to me."
"We understand the case you're working onthe one about the ballplayerhas you making inquiries into Mr. Ramsey's business."
"You could say that."
"I am saying that," #1 says, and places both his hands on top of the bar, intertwines his fingers together. He's about to make Clay a deal. "I'm also saying that you're going to back off. Stop asking questions. Just leave whatever you've been doing undone. As of now, the case is closed."
"And what incentive do I have to do that?"
#1 looks at #2. #2 punches Clay in the ribs, just above the stomach. He falls against Goon #1. #1 moves off his stool, and Clay hits #1's empty stool, knocking it over and falling with it onto the floor. He squirms for a minute on the floor, trying to get his breath back. It's clear that #2 knows where to hit a guy to maximize pain. 
After a minute of nothing but that slow, sullen Jazz swimming in his ears, Clay finally gets his wind back, gets up, and climbs back onto the stool as stoically as he can.
"You guys drive a hard bargain," Clay says, sitting back on his stool.
"We'll be watching you," Goon #1 says, picking up his bar stool and putting it back in its place. "If you go anywhere near Mr. Ramsey's interests, we'll find you, and we'll put an end to this once and for all."
"Sounds serious."
"You have no idea," #1 says. 
"I think I've got it."
"And in case you need any more persuading, here's something to tide you over until your next case," #1 says, throwing an envelope onto the bar in front of Clay. Then he leans into Clay, whispers in his ear, "You better pray you never see my face again."
Then the goons walk back through the door at the rear of the bar. 
Clay grabs the ice pack and rests it against his face. He tries to takes a deep breath, but he still feels short of air. He takes the ice pack off and notices a little blood on the towel. His lip is bleeding. He checks his teeth, one by one, on the right side of his mouth. Everything still seems to be in place.
He takes a long drink of scotch, tries to ignore the sting of the alcohol on his bloody lip.
"Hey, Joe. Another scotch, if you don't mind."
The bartender walks over to him. "Listen, pal, do yourself a favor and just get outta here."
Clay opens the envelope that #1 threw on the bar, counts the bills inside. "There's five hundred bucks in it for you if you pour me another scotch."

Seven

When Clay got back to his car in San Francisco there was a Look magazine on the passenger seat. Jack was clearly passing along another message. Clay rifled through the magazine, looking for Jack's new note. It was on the bottom of one of the pages lightly written in pencil.

Milpitas girl, goes by Crystal Lake. Pseudonym. I can buy you time today. Two days tops. My guys will follow you close, but my reports to R will be loose.

Clay knew Jack was throwing him a life jacket. If Clay were to get near anyone too closely connected to Ramsey like, say, Kevin, his tail would report it back to Jack. Jack, though, would conveniently forget to report it to Ramsey, at least for today, and maybe tomorrow. Still, Clay wasn't crazy about putting Jack in the position of having to falsify his reports to Ramsey. Clearly, Jack had become frightened of Ramsey, and from the knocks Clay just took from Ramsey's goons, he probably should be as frightened of the guy as Jack seems to be.
But, for now, he's just mad.
From the moment Clay put his car back on the road to leave San Francisco, a big, blue Ford has been following close behind him. He's not been able to get a good look at the driver, but he's pretty sure it's the same guy who was following him on the street earlier. Once he gets back to San Jose, he's going to have to figure out a way to lose the guy so he can go have a word with Kevin. He knows that Jack will lie for him in his reports to Ramsey, but Clay would rather lose his tail than risk putting Jack in a compromising position. But, if he can't lose the tail, he'll have to put Jack's word to the test.
As Clay moves further away from San Francisco, he ignores the blue Ford behind him, and tries to focus on the case. Time is running out for him to figure this thing out. Normally, he would feel pretty good about how much information he's collected after a day on the job, but with the new schedule he's on, he has no time to pat himself on the back.
Really, there are only a few pieces left to put together. First, he has to find out more about Crystal Lake. If Jack says it's a pseudonym, and Clay's assuming that Brett met her at the Fremont card games, then she was probably one of Ramsey's girls. But Clay's not going to find this out by asking anybody from Ramsey's crew. And since Clay doesn't know a soul in either Fremont or Milpitas, he's hoping Kevin will have an answer for him.
Kevin is really the key to putting all these disparate pieces together. He's probably Clay's only viable connection to Ramsey and the card games. He's hoping that, in addition to getting some answers about Crystal Lake, Kevin will let him know why it is that Ramsey is so interested in getting him off the case. After this morning's run-in with the goons, and after their insistence that he stop his investigation, Clay's sure that Ramsey is mixed up in this mess, even if only tangentially. 
Also, it's clear that Kevin was, in some way, involved with the accident. It seems obvious that, since Emma changed the will to benefit him if both she and Brett were to die, she would've discussed it with him at some point. And since she amended the will only days before the accident, she would've included Kevin in any plans she might have had concerning the collection and distribution of Brett's money. And if Emma's plans were murderous, then she would've had to figure out a way to leverage Kevin into getting involved. Unless, of course, Kevin had his own reasons for wanting Brett dead. But Clay doesn't think that's it. His hunch is that, since Kevin was having money trouble with Ramsey, Emma leveraged those debtsand the dangers they might bringto get Kevin to do what she wanted.
And if it was Crystal, and not Emma, in the car that night, where'd Emma go? What motivation would she have had to flee unless she was behind the accident somehow? It's possible that word got back to her about the accident, that she got spooked, and left town in the middle of the night. But why? And how would she have heard about the accident? Clay's guess is that theyEmma and Kevinboth knew it was going to happen. They had an agreement in place. Kevin would do the dirty work in exchange for a portion of the money from the will to pay off his debts, and Emma would get what was left so that she could start a new life.
Still, though, they must have been counting on the police misidentifying Crystal as Emma. This is where Clay gets stuck. He's not sure how they were confident they could pull it off.
It's not the only place he's stuck. Now that he believes Ramsey is somehow involved, he has to figure out why. For now, all he has are theories, and none of them include all the pieces in the right order. 
And he's running out of time.
Still, the only question Wayne hired Clay to answer is the Emma question. All Wayne wants to know is where she went that night, and where she is now. But Clay's got a busted lip, a swollen jaw, sore ribs, and his leg is throbbing more than it has in months. He feels like he's got skin in the game now. If he's going to solve this case, he's going all the way. He's got until the end of the day tomorrow before Jack stops giving him cover, and if he comes up empty, then that's it. He'll have to settle up with what he's got. But, until then, he's going to do all he can to put all those disparate pieces in the right order.
First things first, though, he needs to get back to town, and figure out a way to lose the blue Ford that's tailing him.

Clay pulls into the Braves' stadium parking lot. The ballplayers' cars decorate the spots that line the front, near the entrance gate and box office. He didn't expect them to be here. Today's their day off, and they're starting a road trip tomorrow. Whatever the reason, Clay's glad they're here. The extra people and cars will give him a bit more cover as he tries to shake the guy in the blue Ford.
He grabs a baseball from the floor, the Look magazine from the passenger seat, and gets out of the car. He presses his hand on his ribs as he stands. Even pushing the door shut sends a jolt of agony over his torso. That goon sure did a number on him. He's going to be feeling those two punches for the next couple days for sure.
He can see Maggie sitting at her desk through the window of the box office. He taps on the glass. She looks up, sees his face, and he can immediately see that she's concerned.
She moves toward the door by the office, opens it, but doesn't say anything to him at first. She places her hand on his busted jaw, caresses it softly. He wants to lean into her touch, but the fear of the pain makes him hesitate.
"What happened?" she says.
"Ran into some goon's fist," he says, and walks by her into the office.
"Is this still about Brett?"
"What else?"
"You know the guys who hit you?"
"Yeah, it's alright. They're just trying to scare me off their path, that's all."
"Well, they're scaring me."
"Listen," he says, looking out the box office window. "I'm being followed."
"By who? By the guys who beat you up?"
"You don't have to say it like that, do you? A guy only has so much pride, and I'm running low as it is. Besides, there were two of them, and one of them, the one that used me as a punching bag, had a tree trunk for a body. What could I do?"
"And they're the ones following you?"
"No, it's not the same guys. But this guy was hired by their boss," Clay says, backing away from the window and sitting on the edge of Maggie's desk.
"Which car is it?" she asks as she walks up to the edge of the window and peeks out.
"Be careful. I don't want him to see us looking."
"Relax. I'm barely peeking."
"It's the blue Ford behind the rest of the cars in the lot." He walks up behind her, presses his body up against her, and buries his head in her mound of long, dark hair. "You smell nice."
"I do?" she asks, turning, and letting his kiss fall on her mouth.
He winces a bit, and backs away from her lips.
"That looks pretty bad."
"It feels worse than it looks."
"You want some ice?"
"Nah, but I could use some time."
"What do you mean?"
"I need to get out of here without that guy on my tail."
"How are you going to do that?"
"I was hoping I could borrow your car."
"Well, sure, but I'm parked in the same lot as youand him."
"Right, I was thinking you could leave and park down the road, behind the stadium at the vendor's entrance, and I'll duck out the back way to meet you."
"But won't he see me?"
"The way you fill out that dress, he'll definitely see you."
"You like this dress?" she asks, placing her arms over his shoulders.
"The dress is fine, but what I really like is how good you make it look," he says, and lifts her skirt and slip, caresses the top of her thigh, just above the stocking.
"Clay," she says, resting her hand on his hand, stopping him from moving it higher. "What if one of the players comes in?"
"Lock the door then," he says.
She walks to the door that separates her office from the clubhouse and locks it.
Clay goes to the box office window and pulls the blind down.
"What if someone comes?"
"We'll have to try and stay quiet," he says, and walks up to her again. He tenderly kisses her on the mouth, and firmly places a hand at the nape of her neck. With his other hand, he lifts her skirt and slip again as they ease onto the sofa by Maggie's desk.
Maggie starts tugging at Clay's shirt. He starts to take his jacket off, but makes a face that interrupts their kissing.
"What's wrong?" Maggie asks.
"He tagged me over here too," he says, putting his hand on his side.
"Poor baby," Maggie says, caressing his side. "Do you want me to?"
"No. I just want you to get that dress off."

Eight

As Clay buttons his shirt, standing at a safe distance from the box office window, he watches Maggie walk out to her car. The plan is for her to drive to the back of the stadium and park near the vendor's entrance where Clay will meet her. Then he will take her car, and hope that his tail doesn't get wise about what they've done until Clay is safely back from Kevin's apartment.
Still, there is a chance, if the guy suspects anything from Maggie, that he could follow her around the building just to be sure there isn't anything going on, then circle back to be sure she wasn't just a decoy used to drag him away so that Clay could escape his watch. That's what a good tail would do. That's what Clay would do.
A good tail is always suspicious, always thinking of the various ways that a principal could try to give you the slip. A tail should always assume that it's possible that the principal already knows he or she is being followed, and that, if they know, they'll always be trying to think of ways to shake you. So, a tail should always be a step ahead of the principal. As the tail, you should familiarize yourself with an area's back alleys and hiding spots, just know the general terrain that your principal is moving on. For instance, the guy in the blue Ford should have already gotten out of his car, and walked around the stadium a bit to have a quick look around the building. But it doesn't look like he's gotten out of the car since he arrived. Of course, Clay can't be sure of that, he's been otherwise occupied in Maggie's office.
If Clay were the guy in the blue Ford, and he would've seen Maggie walk out and get into her car, he would've followed her for at least a couple blocks, and then circled back. There's little chance that he would lose his tail in that time anyway, and it would have the added benefit of giving him a new perspective on the area. 
But, as Maggie pulls away, the blue Ford doesn't budge. 
Clay starts to wonder if Jack deliberately sent someone he knew wouldn't do a good job. It's an effective way for Jack to give Clay that additional space he promised while still appearing to put in the effort if Ramsey were to check his work. 
He waits another beat just to be sure the tail doesn't move. Then he leaves Maggie's office, goes through the clubhouse, and into the dugout. The players are out on the field having a practice. Clay takes a quick look out on the field, then looks down the bench of the dugout. Other than Johnny, who is sitting on the bench reading the newspaper again, the dugout is empty.
"What's the news, Johnny?"
"Same old stories. Yankees win again."
"You mind if I borrow one of these?" Clay asks, grabbing one of the many bats lined up against the wall of the dugout.
"What the hell do I care? Do I look like I run the place?"
"Thanks," Clay says, and takes a bat. He runs as fast as his bad leg will let him toward the outfield. Maggie enters the outfield through a door off the right field wall, and he rushes to meet her.
"All clear?" Clay asks.
"I didn't see him," she says, and then she grabs his hand and presses her body against him. "Promise me you'll be careful."
"I'll be careful," he says, and kisses her. He walks by her, but turns back, "See you in a little while?"
"Sure, I'll be around," she says. "Hey, what's the bat for?"
"A guy I know might need a little convincing."
Maggie just shakes her head at him as he walks out the right field door.
Clay peeks around the corner of the vendor's entrance. No blue Ford. Nobody. Maggie has kept the car running. He gets in, shuts the door, throws the bat in the back, and takes off.
He obsessively checks the rearview mirror as he moves through town. It looks like he's successfully shaken the tail, but he doesn't know how much time he's bought himself. Clay knows that if he started to suspect he'd been shaken by a principal, he'd look for the person in the place he most feared that person would go. 
In this case, Clay suspects the place they most fear he would go is Kevin's.
When he gets near Kevin's apartment building, he eases slowly down the road, checking all the parked cars for watchers. Since Jack told him about Ramsey's paranoiathat Ramsey sometimes has his watchmen watch the hired watchershe needs to keep a lookout for anything suspicious. He'd like to avoid another run-in with Ramsey's goons.
Once he's reasonably sure that he's in the clear, he parks the car about a block away from Kevin's apartment and grabs the bat from the back seat. 
He walks down the alley, where he can get easy access to Kevin's place through his backyard. He needs to find out if he's even home first, and, if he is, he wants to get the lay of the land so that he minimizes the risk of Kevin making a run for it again. 
Kevin lives in a big building close to downtown San Jose. It's only a couple blocks from the business district, and close enough to Gene's garage that he can walk to work. It's a large house that is separated into four units, two on the bottom floor, two on the top. Lucky for Clay, Kevin occupies one of the bottom units. If he lived on one of the top floors, Clay wouldn't have the access to his windows to be able to get an idea of what's happening inside.
Clay walks into the backyard and starts scanning the perimeter of the building. Other than a shed in the rear of the yard with some garden equipment inside, it's a pretty sparse space. He walks around to the back window of Kevin's apartment, careful not to look too sneaky about it. It's important in these situations not to appear too obvious, though carrying a ball bat might not be the best way to appear inconspicuous. He tries to hide the bat by tucking the handle into the sleeve of his jacket, all the way up to his elbow, leaving the fat part of the bat hanging over his hand. 
He peeks in the window by the back door. It's the kitchen. There's no sign of Kevin, but he can hear the buzz of a radio from another room inside. He walks around the corner of the house, and stops at the next windowanother kitchen window. He moves down to the next window, peeks in. The window is open a few inches. It's a bedroom, and the noise of the radio is clear as day now. Still, though, no Kevin. Clay starts to move past the window when, out of the corner of his eye, he sees a figure enter the room. He ducks beneath the window, waits a beat or two before he eases back to look in the room. It's Kevin. He's standing by the bed folding clothes. He has his back to Clay, and when Clay stands up to get a better look, he can see that Kevin is folding some clothes into a suitcase.
"Not yet, you son of a bitch," Clay whispers as he moves to the back kitchen window again. He stares at the backdoor. It's strange. It's an exterior door that opens out instead of in, which, for Clay's purposes, works out pretty well. He looks around the yard. On the other side of the backdoor's small four-step stairwell is a metal trash can. He pulls the ball bat out from his sleeve, leans it against the building. Then he puts his arms around the trash can and lifts it. It's pretty heavy. It has a lot of trash in it, which, again, works out perfectly for Clay. He carefully carries the canfighting his thigh and rib pain the whole wayup the stairs to the back door. He sits it in front of the door as quietly as he can, then looks around the yard, and spots a rake resting on the wall inside the shed. He walks to the shed, grabs the rake, and brings it back to the stairwell by the back door. He slides the long wooden pole of the rake in between two of the handrail's vertical spindles closest to the door on both sides of the staircase, and then he rests the pole on top of the trash can.
Then Clay grabs his bat, slides it back into his jacket sleeve, and moves back around to the side of the house. He ducks down to avoid being spotted at the bedroom window, and turns the front corner of the house to the porch. He tries to keep his limp steady as he climbs the rickety wooden steps to the porch. He moves toward the front door, leans against the wall beside it. The mail box is jamming him in the back, and, when he turns to give it a dirty look, there is a single letter poking out from the top of the box. Clay grabs the letter. The letter is to Kevin, just 'Kevin,' no last name. There is no return address. The handwriting looks to be from a feminine hand. 
Clay opens the letter.

Kevin, 

Change of plans. Not going to L.A. yet. Started to worry about not having enough money to get by there. So, I panicked and took a job at a diner in the bus station here in Salinas. I figured I'd stay here until we have the money. I still need you to bring the stuff I asked you to get for me. I'm running out of clothes, and there's just no way I can show my face up there. And, don't worry, I have a little place where you can stay while you're here. 
Love, 
Em

He folds the letter back up, returns it to its envelope, and slides it into his inside jacket pocket. Then he slides the handle of the bat out from his jacket sleeve, takes his jacket off, hangs it over the mailbox, and rolls his shirtsleeves up to his elbows. He turns the doorknob. It's unlocked.
Clay walks into the house, carefully shuts the door behind him. He walks through Kevin's sparsely decorated living room with bat in handready to swing. He moves down the hall toward the bedroom, his body close to the wall that's nearest to the doorway of the bedroom. He looks inside. Kevin's turned sideways, facing the open suitcase on his bed, folding clothes and humming to the music on the radio.
"Going somewhere?" Clay asks.
Kevin jumps at the sound of Clay's voice, but then immediately reaches down and swings the suitcase at Clay. Clay ducks back out of the doorway to avoid it. The case hits the wall by the doorframe, and clothes go flying out into the hall along with Kevin. Kevin runs into the kitchen, and tries to bust through the back door but it opens right into the trash can and the rake handle Clay had planted outside. Kevin immediately falls to the ground and grabs his shoulder.
"You're not getting away so easy this time, pal."
"What in the hell do you want? Why don't you just leave me alone?"
"Where you headed?"
"I was headed out the door."
"No, not that. Where you planning on going?"
"Nowhere."
"Packing a suitcase just for kicks, eh?"
"That's right."
Clay picks up a bra from among the clothes in the hallway with his bat, and tosses it toward Kevin. "Is this how you get your kicks?"
"You're a real funny guy."
"Whose clothes are these?"
"None of your damn business," Kevin says, standing from the floor, his left hand still attached to his right shoulder.
"Are these Emma's clothes?"
Kevin grabs a chair from the small two-person table in his kitchen and holds it up in front of his body. "I think it's time for you to go."
"I'm not going anywhere. And as far as that chair is concerned, you can test it against my swing if you like," Clay says, holding his bat in front of his body with both hands wrapped tight around the handle. "But I should warn you that I hit twenty-seven homers my last season with the Braves, and I think I've still got a pretty good home run swing. The choice is yours."
Kevin charges at Clay with the chair in the air. Clay rears his bat back and swings for the chair. He hits it hard on the legs. The chair, in several pieces, goes flying in one direction, and Kevin stumbles back and falls in the other. Clay grabs his ribs after the swing, tries to hide the pain that he knows is written on his face.
This is about the time that Clay starts to get concerned about the neighbors. He's counting on the probability that they're either at work or too apathetic to get involved.
"I didn't want to do that, kid," Clay says.
"Sure, I'll bet you're heartbroken about it."
Clay grabs the other chair from the little table, sits it down in the doorway between the hallway and the kitchen, and sits. "I'd tell you to have a seat, but it looks like your other chair is broken," he says, looking over at the broken chair by the stove.
"I'm fine where I am," Kevin says, sitting up, sliding toward the wall by the back door, and leaning against it. He's still rubbing his shoulder.
"Shouldn't have slammed so hard against the door."
"I'm fine."
"I didn't ask."
Kevin stares at him. "What do you want?"
"I want to know what you know about Brett's accident."
"Probably about as much as you do. I only know what I read in the papers."
"Baloney!" Clay yells, exploding from his chair, and standing only a few feet from Kevin with the bat firmly grasped in front of his body. "Honest to God, kid, if you don't cut the crap, I'm going to knock you around somethin' awful."
"Okay, okay. Calm down," Kevin says, holding his hands up at Clay.
"Start talking," Clay says.
"I'll tell you what I know. But if you tell the police anything I say, I'll just deny it."
"I don't think it's me you have to worry about."
"What's that mean? Who do I have to worry about?"
"Not now," Clay says, clearly losing his patience. "Tell me how you got mixed up with Ramsey."
"How do you know I was mixed up with Ramsey?"
"If you didn't want me to know you were connected with Ramsey, why'd you rat me out to him yesterday."
"Are you crazy? Why would I rat you out to Ramsey?"
"You didn't tell him that I was asking you questions about the accident?"
"No. I haven't had anything to do with Ramsey in weeks."
Clay turns away from Kevin for a second. He's trying to wrap his head around who might have tipped Ramsey off if it wasn't Kevin, but he's coming up empty.
"What's wrong?" Kevin asks. "What'd I say?"
"Nothing," Clay says, turning his attention back to Kevin. "You and Brett used to go up to Fremont to play cards at Ramsey's place, right?"
"We did."
"And you started getting yourself into a financial hole."
"That's right."
"How big a hole? Hundreds? Thousands?"
"Thousands."
"And how were you planning on digging yourself out of that hole?"
"I was trying."
"You were trying, but you just kept digging, huh?"
"I suppose you could say that."
"You get anywhere with that strategy?"
"Nope."
"And Ramsey and his crew aren't very patient people."
"Sounds like you've met them."
"I've had the pleasure."
"They the ones that did that to your face?"
"We're not talking about me."
"Right," Kevin says. "I owed them money, and they were threatening me about paying it back, but every time I went up to Fremont, Ramsey's boys would front me more cash to sit in on that night's game."
"How much?"
"A hundred bucks or so, depending on the night."
"Why would they do that?"
"Because I was with Brett, and Brett was a big spender."
"And they never hurt you?"
"No, just threats. But it was clear they were going easy on me because I was with Brett," Kevin says. "But that all changed once Brett fell out of favor with Ramsey."
"How'd he do that?"
"A girl."
"Crystal?"
"Yep."
"Tell me about her."
"What's to say? She was one of Ramsey's girls."
"What's that mean, one of his girls?"
"He always has a couple girls milling around the tables, getting drinks and cigarettes for the players, flirting with everyone. They're there to try and make sure everyone's having a good time. Even when guys are losing, the girls are there to keep them in a spending mood, offering encouragement in all the ways you might expect," Kevin says. "But Crystal was different from the other girls."
"How was she different?"
"Some guys seem to come just as much to see her as they did to play cards. She was the kind of girl that everybody falls in love with, and she was good at making you believe she loved you back. She just had a way about her, you know what I mean?"
"I have an idea."
"She was everyone's favorite, even Ramsey's."
"She was Ramsey's girl?"
"No, she wasn't his girl. She just worked for him. But it was clear he wanted her to be his girl. Before Crystal, he never came to Fremont. I'd never even seen him before. But once Crystal started working the tables, Ramsey was in Fremont every night. And he made no secret of how he felt about her either. He would buy her things, nice things. And he was always trying to keep her near him at all times. It was like he was forgetting that she was there to juice the other players with confidence. He wanted her all to himself. It was kind of pathetic actually, and she really didn't seem very interested in his advances. And whenever she showed another guy the least bit of attention, he let guys know he didn't like it."
"How would he do that?"
"He would glare at you, or shake his head. Sometimes, if she was spending a lot of time with one guy, he would call one of his guys over, whisper in his ear, and they would pass along the message. Not in a rough way, but guys knew what was what."
"And Brett started getting her attention."
"Oh, yeah. And Brett was giving it right back to her too." 
"What'd Ramsey do?"
"Well, last time I was there, he blew up," Kevin says. "Crystal had gone over to Brett and sat on his lap during a hand. At first, Ramsey seemed to be laughing it off, though you could tell he was getting hot about it. It was obvious. I don't know if Brett and Crystal noticed, or if they just didn't care, but, if they did notice, they weren't being any less flirtatious for it. But once Crystal started whispering in Brett's ear, and they both started laughing, that's when things got crazy.
"Remember, her job is to meander around the tables. She had seen everyone's cards at the table by then. So, this whispering business wouldn't have gone over easy at any card game. And, at any normal card game, guys would've let her know in a hurry that she couldn't do that, but Ramsey took it to another level. He stood up, overturned the table, walked over, pulled Crystal up off Brett's lap, and slapped her hard across the face. And by the time Brett stood up to challenge him, there were already two of Ramsey's guys, one on each of his arms, pulling him away from Ramsey."
"What'd Ramsey do then?"
"He threw us out."
"And what'd Brett do?
"There wasn't much to do. They weren't asking nicely. So, we left."
"He wasn't upset?"
"Brett? Sure he was, at first. But that kind of stuff seemed to rolled off Brett like water. As soon as we were on the road back home, Brett was laughing about it, poking fun at Ramsey."
"He wasn't scared?"
"If Brett ever got scared, I never saw it."
"But he should've been."
"Right, but, remember, we had never seen that side of Ramsey before. I mean, we saw Ramsey's crew bust up a couple deadbeats at the club now and again, but it wasn't anything you couldn't see at any bar on a bad night."
"I was told that you and Brett had a falling out."
"I guess you could say that."
"About Crystal?"
"I had warned him about her. I'd told him to stay away from her, but he wouldn't listen."
"So, what happened?"
"Nothing much. It wasn't much of a fight, really. Brett, like he did most things, just kind of laughed it off."
"But you were mad?"
"Sure I was."
"Gene said you guys had a fight about a girl."
"I can see how he would've gotten that idea. I was pretty mad at them for getting us thrown out. As it was, I already felt like I was on the hot seat with Ramsey, and Brett's money was the only thing keeping me in Ramsey's good graces. Now, with Brett and Emma having done what they did, my association with Brett had become a liability. And, after that night, I was afraid to go back."
"So, that was the last time you guys went to Fremont before the accident."
"It was the last time I went."
"So, how soon before Ramsey came to see you?"
"Ramsey never came to see me."
"But someone did."
"One of his guys came to visit me at the garage, asked me to take a walk. This was about a week or so after Ramsey's blow up," Kevin says. "The guy started telling me how fond Ramsey was of me, that he didn't want to hurt me, but that I owed him a lot of money and wasn't leaving him much choice.
"And by the time we were at the end of the block, another tougha giant guywas waiting for us, leaning against a running car with the back door open. I don't mind telling you, I was pretty scared."
"They offer you a deal?"
"They asked me to come to Milpitas with them. They said that Brett had been picking Crystal up most nights and taking her to the club. Of course, I knew that Ramsey must have hated this. And they told me as much. They said that Ramsey had warned Crystal to stay away from Brett, but she wouldn't listen to him. This didn't surprise me. Crystal was easily as headstrong as Brett was."
"If you do ever talk to the police about this, you might want to be careful about referring to Crystal in the past tense."
Kevin tightens his jaw a bit and nods.
"So, what'd they want you to do when you got to Milpitas?"
"I was supposed to wait with them until Brett got there. Once Brett got out of his car to get Crystal from the house, they wanted me to go to his car and cut the brake lines. They said they just wanted to put a scare into them, let them know that Ramsey was to be taken seriously."
"And you just went along with this?"
"They weren't asking me what I wanted to do."
"What were they offering you?"
"My debts to Ramsey would be gone."
"But they weren't forcing you to go."
"Not at first, but when I said I wasn't comfortable doing anything to Brett, I took an elbow form the giant guy right in the jaw. And that was before I'd even gotten in the car, but, for the rest of the evening, the smaller guy in the passenger seat was constantly finding a way to show me his gun."
"So, what happens once you get to Milpitas?"
"Like I said, we waited," Kevin says. "We must've been waiting there for about three hours. And, let me tell you, it was a tense three hours. They didn't say much, and even though I tried to get as much information from them about what they were going to do after the brake line was cut, they weren't giving me a whole lot of feedback."
"And they just assumed you'd know how to cut a brake line?"
"I don't know. I mean, they knew I was a mechanic. I know my way around a car. They didn't seem to question it. They just gave me a hacksaw and told me to cut the line. I told them that I didn't want to hurt Brett. Not only was he my friend, but he was with my sister. But the guy in the passenger seat, the one with the gun, just kept saying that they were just going to scare them a bit, shake them up."
"So, Brett gets there"
"Yeah, I guess it must've been about ten o'clock by then. I don't really remember the time, but that's the usual time we would roll through Milpitas on our way to Fremont.
"But he got out of the car, and went around the side of the house toward the back. Then the guy in the passenger seat got out, opened the door, and told me to get out and to hurry."
"He still have a gun?"
"Oh yeah, only now it was pointed directly at me."
"Did he have you at gunpoint the whole time?'
"He did."
"So you cut the brake line?"
"Yeah, I took the saw to it."
"Then what?"
"We ran back to the car and waited. After a couple minutes, Crystal and Brett came back around the house from the backyard."
"Why the backyard?"
"Beats me. Ramsey's guys knew exactly what was going to happen, though. My guess is they had been staking the place out for awhile. But they knew he going to the back of the house. I'm not sure why. Maybe she was sneaking out or something. She was a young girl after all. I think she'd just finished high school. I doubt her parents would've approved of her leaving at that time of night.
"Anyway, they got in his car and took off down the road.
"And I thought that was it. I thought we were done. I expected Ramsey's boys to turn the car around, and to take me back to San Jose. But we followed them instead. 
"At first, we kept a pretty good distance from Brett's car, but once we were well clear of Milpitas, and the road got more curvy and uncertain, they jumped on his tail, forcing him to really speed up. And it was a particularly dark night too. I could barely see what was happening outside the shine of the headlamps. That's when it dawned on me that they were planning more than just a scare. I yelled for them to slow down, but they ignored me. And, honestly, at this point, we were going so fast, I was scared as much for my own life as I was for Brett's. 
"Then it happened. Brett lost control of the car, skidded into a turn, and his Bel Air started to fishtail. Then they flew over the hill.
"It was terrible. Once they disappeared down the hill, you could just hear the car flipping. At this point, I couldn't see what was happening. Besides, everything happened so fast. I just remember how quiet everything suddenly got. Brett's car had stopped flipping, and Ramsey's guys had stopped in the middle of the road. I remember just sitting in the back seat, looking out the car window, and watching the smoke and dirt rise up from the hill in our headlamps."
"Did the fire start right away?"
"That's the thing. I didn't see any light at all, only the light from our headlights. But the guy in the passenger seat, the one with the gun, got out and walked to the edge of the road. He had a bottle in his hand. It looked like a bottle of booze, and there was something tucked in the lip of the bottle, a rag or something. He lit the rag and sidearmed it down the hill. That's when I first saw the light of a fire, and it didn't take long before it was really raging."
"You're sure about that?"
"It was pretty dark outside, but he was clear as day to me. He was standing right in the headlamps when he threw the bottle."
"Then what happened?"
"He got back in the car and we took off."
"Where?"
"To Fremont."
"To the club?"
"Yep."
"To do what?"
"I don't know. I didn't ask."
"They didn't say anything to you after the accident."
"Not a word," Kevin says. "But once we got to Fremont, they took me to an office behind the bar. I'd never even noticed it before. It might've been Ramsey's office, but I don't know. I just sat down on the couch in the office, and wondered what they were going to do to me."
"What'd you think they were going to do?"
"I was too stunned to think clearly about it."
"So, they just left you there, in the office?"
"They gave me a couple hundred dollars in chips and told me I could go play the tables if I wanted, or I could get some rest. They said I was going to be there for the rest of the night either way.
"I tried to sleep, but it wasn't happening. I couldn't get the whole scene out of my head. I couldn't shake the moment when the car went off the road. I must have imagined it a thousand times that nightthe sound of the car rolling down the hill. It was terrible. I couldn't shake it.
"I knew they were dead. I knew that if I hadn't cut the line they might've survived. I could've just lightly run the saw over the metal a couple times and said it was done. I mean, it wasn't like he had time to check my work or anything."
"Yeah, but you didn't know he wouldn't check, and he had you at gunpoint."
"Still, if I had just been thinking clearly, I could've tried."
"If you hadn't done it, they would've found someone else."
"Why not just do it themselves?"
"To complicate things. To have someone from outside their crew to pin it on. To muddy up the investigation."
Kevin leans his head back, rests it against the wall. He looks almost relieved.
"We need to talk about Emma."
"What about her?"
"Where is she?"
"She had nothing to do with it."
"How do you know?"
"Because she wasn't there."
"I never said she was."
"So, why's it important to know where she is?"
"Because my feeling is that she wouldn't have gone into hiding if she didn't have something to hide."
"I don't think that's true. Not in this case. She was scared."
"Did she ask you to ID Crystal's burned body as her own? Or were you just freelancing at that point?"
"She did, but it was Ramey's idea."
"How do you know that?"
"Because that's what she told me."
"But, if she were so innocent, why would she go through the trouble of faking her own death?"
"You'd have to ask her that."
"And did she ask you to tell the police that you saw her leave Eddie's bar with Brett that night?"
"She did, but, again, all this was coming from Ramsey."
"Did you hear any of this from Ramsey personally?"
"No."
"But you're convinced that Ramsey was behind the whole thing, and that she had nothing to do with it?"
"I am."
"You know where she is now?"
"Los Angeles."
"And you're packing to go meet her?"
"That's right."
"And to take some of her stuff to her."
Kevin nods.
"And the money?"
"What money?"
"Come on, Kevin."
"It hasn't come in yet. It takes time to settle an estate."
"And how much of that money do you get to keep?"
"A couple thousand."
"When did you find out that you were the beneficiary in Brett's will?"
"The morning after the accident."
"The morning after? Who from?"
"Emma told me."
"You saw Emma the next morning?"
"Yeah, she came to see me at Ramsey's place, in the office. That's when she filled me in on everything that was going on."
"How in the world would she have known you were at Ramsey's?"
"I don't know. I didn't think about it," Kevin says. "All I know is she was there when I woke up the next morning. At some point during the night, I had finally gotten to sleep on the office couch, and, when I woke up, she was sitting on the arm of the couch talking to me as if I hadn't been sleeping at all."
"Anyone else there?"
"Nope. Just the two of us."
"And what'd she say?"
"She went over everything. Brett was dead. The police would think she was in the car with him. She told me she wanted them to continue believing she was in the car. She told me about how they wanted me to tell the police that I saw her leave Eddie's with Brett, and to identify the body if asked. Then she told me not to talk to anybody about the accident. She stressed that I shouldn't trust anyone. She told me about the will, about the money, and how she wanted me to handle the whole thing. She said she would be in contact, probably by mail, over the coming days to tell me how I could get in touch with her. Then she gave me a bus ticket back home. I haven't seen her since. She's sent me a couple letters to fill me in on some things, but, other than that, I haven't heard anything else from her."
"How'd she get to Ramsey's that night? Do you know?"
"I'm not sure," Kevin says. "But, listen, I'm sure she didn't have anything to do with the accident."
"What if I told you that she only had you added to the will two days before the accident?"
"I'd say it was a coincidence."
"That's one way of looking at it."
"She loved Brett. I don't want you to leave here thinking that she"
"Don't worry about what I think. I haven't accused anybody of anything. I'm just asking questions, trying to get to the truth."
"Everything I've told you is as much of the truth as I know."
"I believe you."
"So, we're done then?"
"That's right," Clay says, but then he decides to throw Kevin a curveball just to keep him off his trail. It's better for both of them if Kevin goes to L.A. as planned. It keeps Kevin out of the area, and it gives Clay one less person to have to worry about getting in his way. "And, when you get to Los Angeles, tell your sister I need to talk to her. Make sure she knows that I'm not with the police."
"I will."
"And, kid, I'm going to give you my number," Clay says, getting up from the chair, and sitting his bat on the seat. He reaches into his back pocket, pulls out a little notebook, grabs a pen from his shirt pocket, jots down Maggie's number, rips the page out, and sits it on Kevin's table. "You call me if you get any news from your sister. My secretary might answer the phone, but you can leave any information you have with her. She'll pass it along."
"Okay."
"And call me before you try coming back to town. Things might be getting pretty messy here in a day or so, and you might want to keep clear of the place altogether for a bit."
"Am I in trouble, you think?"
"Honestly, kid, I don't know who's in trouble and who's not anymore."

Nine

Clay parks in front of the Santa Clara County Savings and Loan. He looks around at the cars parked nearby, searching for watchers. He checks all the mirrors, waits for a car to drive by to see if anyone in the car seems preoccupied with him. 
Nope. No blue Ford, and nobody even remotely suspicious. Everything looks clear. 
He gets out of the car and spots Robert sitting at his desk inside the bank. Robert is Santa Clara County S&L's manager for San Jose's regional branch. Clay waves to him, gets his attention.
Clay's known Robert since he first moved here to play ball in '46. The S&L has always been a major corporate sponsor of the Braves, and Robert was always around the ballpark back in Clay's playing days. He still sees him around the park a lot, though they don't seem to run into each other as much since Clay stopped playing. 
Robert always made a point of being friendly with the players. Clay always got the impression that he was a man frustrated with his station in lifea failed athlete in a banker's suit. He always gave off the idea that he liked to be as close to the action as possible.
Clay did some work for Robert about a year ago. He had asked Clay to tail his daughter and her new boyfriend. It was really nothing more than a classic overreach by an overprotective father, but Clay humored him. And, other than the normal heavy petting of sexually repressed teenagers, they were tame. Clay passed along the news to him at no charge, and Robert was grateful, if not a little embarrassed about his suspicions.
Either way, Clay felt like he had a favor he could cash in.
"Clay, it's good to see you. It's been a long time," Robert says, greeting Clay at the door.
"It has been."
"Is that Maggie's car you're driving?"
"Yeah, she let me borrow it for the day. Mine needed a little work."
"That was good of her," Robert says as they move inside the bank's lobby area. "What is it I can do for you?"
"I need to ask you a favor."
"Anything. What do you need?"
"It's a bit delicate," Clay whispers, trying to exploit Robert's desire to be a part of some action.
"Is it about a case you're working?" Robert whispers.
"Sure is."
"Come on over to my desk," Robert says, a little too loudly. 
As they move toward his desk, Robert looks around as if someone might suspect something strange about a customer joining the bank manager at his customer service desk. 
"Have a seat," Robert says.
Clay sits in one of the two chairs in front of Robert's desk. He puts his hand on his sore ribs, and then feels something in his inside pocket. For a second, muscle memory tells him it's a pack of cigarettes, but then he remembers that its Emma's letter to Kevin. He looks at the ashtray on Robert's desk, and he bites his sore lip a little out of frustration when he thinks of having a smoke.
"What's going on?" Robert whispers, leaning over his desk, trying painfully hard to look casual, but instead coming off as tense and secretive.
"I'd like to see someone's account information."
"Oh, boy," Robert says, and leans back from his desk. "I don't know if I can do that."
"I hate to put you in an awkward position, and you know I wouldn't ask you if I didn't really need it."
"I could get into big trouble for that."
"You know me, Robert. I'm a discrete man. If someone were ever to hear about it, it wouldn't be from me."
"Oh, sure. I don't doubt that."
"If you need some convincing," Clay says, sitting a folded twenty dollar bill on the desk.
"No, of course not," Robert says, waving him off, and then looking at the tellers across the room as if they might have seen something as scandalous as money changing hands at a bank.
"Sorry I even have to ask."
"Whose account are we talking about?"
"Brett Lattimore's."
"Oh, my. Really?"
"Is that a problem?"
"No. No, it's just I wasn't expecting a name quite so That's interesting," Robert says, and then gets up from his desk. 
He walks over to the large filing cabinets lined up behind the tellers. It's clear from Robert's behavior that he's an honest man. In fact, he's so clearly self-conscious about being dishonest, he can't help but give himself away. As he reaches into the filing cabinet, he looks back at the tellers so often that he looks like he's stealing from the till. He's probably never peeked inside a single file he wasn't required to see.
He walks back to the desk, periodically looking over his shoulder the whole way. He's carrying a big book.
"Is that their account book?"
"Well, no. It's July's transaction ledger. That's what you wanted to see, right?"
"Yeah, I wanted to see the week starting from Monday, the twenty-third, to Thursday, the twenty-sixth."
Robert takes a smaller book out of his desk and starts scanning through the pages.
"What are you doing?"
"Finding their account number," he says, moving his finger down a page of names and numbers. "Ah, there it is."
Robert then opens the transaction ledger and starts scanning slowly over each line. "It looks like there was a two hundred dollar withdrawal on Monday, the twenty-third."
"Brett sign for that?"
"Yep," Robert says, still scanning through each line of the ledger, flipping the pages. "Here's another two hundred on Wednesday, the twenty-fifth."
"Brett again?"
Kevin nods, and starts scanning again. He turns the page, and his finger stops almost immediately. "Here's something," he says, looking up at Clay, and turning the ledger toward Clay, putting his finger on a specific line in the ledger.
"What exactly am I looking at here? Is that a fifty-five hundred dollar withdrawal?"
"Sure is."
"That's a lot of money."
"That's a big transaction for us to make for a business account, but it's a very large transaction for us to see for an individual account."
"So, that's out of the ordinary?"
"You kidding? I'll bet we only see cash transactions that high from an individual account a couple times a year."
"That's Emma's signature."
"Sure is," Robert says. "And I actually remember this. It was strange to see Emma come in. I knew her from the ball park, of course, but she'd never been here before."
"Never?"
"Not that I can remember, and I'm here every day."
"Robert," Clay says, standing up. "You've been a big help. I can't tell you how much I appreciate you putting yourself out for me like this."
"Don't mention it," Robert says, standing. 
They shake hands.
"You'd tell me if there was something funny going on, wouldn't you?"
"About Brett?"
"Yeah, and You know, the accident."
"Too early to say. Don't jump to any conclusions, though," Clay says. "Oh, and it's important that you not tell anyone I was here. At least not for a couple days."
"Are you kidding? Who could I tell? I'd be in a heap of trouble if anyone found out that I showed you the ledger. I just hope the tellers don't get any ideas," he says, and looks nervously over at the three tellers.
"Don't worry about it, Robert. They trust you," Clay says, looking over at the tellers. He makes eye contact with one young girl and winks at her. She smiles and looks back down at what she was doing. "And, let me tell you, trust is a valuable commodity these days."

Clay pulls into the driveway of the Caldwell's house, Crystal Lake's parents' house. Kevin did a good job of explaining where they lived, but he wasn't sure of the family name. Luckily, their surname is painted on their mailbox in fancy calligraphy. 
It's a beautiful house on the north edge of Milpitas. It looks like a relatively new house, probably one of the many house built after the war. And it's a large house for the area. They obviously have some money, which makes him wonder why Crystal was slumming it at one of Ramsey's joints.
Clay gets out of the car, a baseball in his hand. He tucks the baseball into his pants pocket with his hand still wrapped tightly around the seams.
As he walks up to the door, he still doesn't quite know what he's going to say. He's not even entirely sure why he's here, other than to try and understand why a wealthy young girl who's been missing for two weeks hasn't had her photo plastered all over the local papers.
He has absolutely no intention of telling Crystal's parents that she's dead. And, other than his interview with Kevin, Clay doesn't even have any proof that she was the one in the car, yet. But he feels the need to put them on notice that something isn't right, and he hopes he can give them a push toward finding the truth.
He knocks on the door and waits. He squeezes the baseball in his pocket again, takes a deep breath.
A woman answers the doora young, beautiful woman not much older than Clay. She'd be even more beautiful if she didn't look so damn tired.
"Can I help you?" she asks.
"Sorry to bother you," Clay says. "I'm looking for Crystal."
"She's not here," the woman says, and a sadness falls over her face. Maybe the sadness had been there all along, and only now had became apparent at the sound of Crystal's name.
"Could you tell me where I might reach her?"
"May I ask what this is about?"
Clay was prepared for the question just a minute ago, but now, staring into this woman's sad, tired face, he feels struck dumb.
"Sorry," he says, gathering his bearings. "I'm a private investigator. I have some questions for her about her former employer."
"Employer?"
"Yeah, the man she worked for in Fremont."
"What on Earth are you talking about? Crystal never worked a day in her life."
"Ma'am, if you don't mind me asking, when's the last time you saw your daughter?"
"Thursday, July twenty-sixth."
"And you haven't heard anything from her since then?"
"No, not a word," the woman says.
He can hear the panic starting to rise in her voice. He wonders if she's about to start crying. 
"Why? What is this about? Do you know something about my daughter? Do you know where she is?"
"Have you called the police? Filed a missing person's report?"
"Of course we have."
"With the city?"
"We called the city, but since we're technically outside the city limits, we were sent to the sheriff's department."
"What've they told you?"
"Just that they're looking for her," she says, and then she pauses. "We think she could be in Los Angeles."
"Los Angeles?"
"She's starting UCLA in the fall, and, since graduation, she's been threatening to move there early to try and break into the movie business. We've tried to talk some sense into her, but you know how kids are."
"I'm not too old to remember how I was as a kid," he says, smiling that crooked smile of his, trying hard to be sympathetic to her fears. And it's not difficult to be sympathetic as he looks at this beautiful woman who is about to have her whole world pulled out from under her.
"What were you saying about Fremont?" she asks.
"What do you mean?"
"This job you asked about. I know Crystal keeps secrets from us. She's been pretty wild these past few months, but I would've never guessed she had a job."
"It's not important," Clay says. "I may have been mistaken."
"I don't think you are. I think you know something about Crystal that you're not telling me," she says, taking her hand off the door and crossing her arms. "Who are you, exactly?"
"I told you, I'm a private investigator."
"Who are you working for? Are you with those guys?" she asks, looking over Clay's shoulder.
A couple of Ramsey's San Francisco goons are parked across the street. And they're not making any attempts to be discreet about it, either. They're staring right at him, and he's pretty sure it's the same two guys from the bar this morning. And Clay, who was already off his game, is knocked further off by the sight of them. If they were parked there when he pulled in, he didn't see them.
"Nope. I'm not with them," Clay says, staring at them. "How long have they been there?"
"They've been out there for a couple of hours now. They've been driving back and forth all afternoon. And it's not the first time. They've been out there off and on for the last several weeks."
"Have you called the police?"
"No, but I'm going to if you don't tell me what this is about."
"I would if I were you, and if you feel like the sheriff is stalling on finding your daughter, go over his head," Clay says, turning toward Maggie's car.
"Hey, what's your name?"
"Clay Hart. I'm from San Jose. If you call the police, tell them I was here, and that there were some strange men watching your house. Tell them that I'm on my way back to San Jose, and that I might need some help," he says.
"I'm going to call," she says in a threatening tone.
"For my sake, lady, I hope you do," Clay says as he climbs back into the car. 
He backs out of the driveway, looking back once more at Crystal's mom. She's still standing in the doorway looking as confused as she is angry. And he knows, if he does his job right, that, by this time tomorrow, her life will probably never be the same.
Once he's out of the driveway, and is parallel with the goons' car, he stops. They're facing north toward Fremont. Clay's facing south toward the Milpitas' city limits. There's about ten feet of asphalt between Maggie's car and their car. And he just stares at the goon who's in the driver's seat. It's the same guy that put the mark on his mouth, the same guy that planted a fist in his ribs. He stares at him for a long moment. The guy never blinks. His expression never changes. Then Clay playfully waves at them and hits the gas on Maggie's car.
"Let's see what you've got," he says, looking at the speedometer.
 After a couple hundred feet, he looks in the rearview mirror. They're completing a u-turn by the Crawford house and coming his way. Clay contorts his body to try and feel for the bat in the back seat, careful to keep his eyes on the road. He winces as he grabs the bat. He's starting to think that goon might have actually cracked a rib or two.
He sits the bat on the passenger seat. It won't do him much good against their guns, but it's better than having nothing at all.
He hits the steering wheel hard with the palm of his hand when he thinks about what he's gotten himself into. Why did he come to Milpitas anyway? What good was it going to do him? What did he expect to get out of the trip? Plus, he played right into Ramsey's hands. It was like they knew he was coming. Besides, all he knows now that he didn't know before is that the Crawfords had filed a missing persons report after the accident. Any moderately competent lawmanwith even the slightest hint of an investigationwould've at least considered the possibility of putting two and two together. Of course, it's true that the sheriff's department would've been dealing with some less than forthcoming interrogations. Still, it would be nice to think that Sam and his boys at least put in the effort. 
The goons are hot on his tail as he enters the heart of Milpitas. He knows he's safe as long as he's driving through town. It's what happens once he's out of town that has him worried. He only hopes Crystal's mom follows through on her promise to call the sheriff, and to pass along his message. That may be his only hope of getting back to San Jose in one piece.
As he drives through Milpitas, he considers stopping at a pay phone to call the sheriff himself. It even occurs to him that he should call Maggie. She's probably starting to worry. He has been gone longer than he thought he would be. But he doesn't even know what he'd say, and he doesn't want to worry her any more than she's worrying already. None of it matters anyway. He knows they're not going to let him make a call. He's reasonably confident that they won't run him off the road within the city limits, but they don't strike him as the types that would be too bothered to drag a guy from a phone booth for a good beating, baseball bat in hands or not.
Leaving Milpitas, Clay pushes his foot heavy against the gas petal, but they're staying close on his tail. He knows what's coming. He's about to get a taste of what Brett got the night they killed him. 
Clay squeezes both hands tight against the wheel and focuses on the road, glancing at the rearview mirror every few seconds to monitor their distance.
They zoom right up on his bumper. Clay jerks the wheel to the left to avoid the impact. They narrowly miss him. He swerves a bit, but is able to regain control of the car. He eases his way back onto the right side of the road. They press up on him again. He tries to swerve, but they tag him on the right side of the car, clipping the fender of Maggie's car. The car starts to swerve. Clay can't get it under control. The car starts to spin. He's trying to turn toward the spin, tapping the brakes, careful not to stop too quick out of fear of the car flipping over. 
Eventually, the car comes to a stop. He's facing north now, looking back toward Milpitas. He's staring at an empty field, and he's off the road by about twenty feet or so. The dust he's kicked up from going off-road is still hovering all around the car. He looks around and sees their car parked on the shoulder on the other side of the road.
He decides his only choice is to wait them out. He leans his head against the steering wheel and closes his eyes. Once the dust settles, he opens his eyes just enough to peek out the window. They're still sitting in their car, waiting for him to do something. But he's not going anywhere. As long as he's safe in the car, he'll happily wait awhile longer if it means they get bored and drive away.
But that's probably not the way this is going to play out. These aren't the kinds of guys that get bored and drive away. They aren't about to let Clay off the hook that easily.
A few minutes pass, and they still haven't budged. As far as Clay is concerned, there's no way for them to know if he's even conscious or not. He's had his head on the wheel with his eyes deceptively closed the whole time. Still, they haven't made a move.
At some point, though, a car is going to drive by, and, if Clay is lucky, they'll stop to see what's going on. Then, maybe, he can follow them back to town. 
Almost as soon as Clay has the thought, a car does come byheading north toward Milpitas. The car stops and pulls over onto the shoulder, only about twelve or so feet from Maggie's car. An older guy gets out of the vehicle, starts heading in Clay's direction, but then he turns toward the goons. They've said something to him. He moves back toward their car. He approaches their driver's side window, and they talk for a few seconds. Then, as quick as he showed up, he was back in his car. And, after one last look in Clay's directionClay still hasn't moved his head from the steering wheel or fully opened his eyesthe guy gets back in his car and continues down the road. 
For a second, Clay considers sitting up and hitting the gas, following the guy back to Milpitas, taking his chances in town. Besides, the goons wouldn't try to run him off the road if there were an innocent bystander in view. At least, he doesn't think they would.
Then, suddenly, Goon #2, the one who was driving, gets out of the car. He stands there for a second staring at Clay. Clay begins to wonder if he's going to come over, but then he walks toward the passenger side of their car, where Goon #1 is sitting. Then he turns, his back to their car, facing the field on the other side of the road. 
He's taking a leak.
This is Clay's moment. He sits bolt upright, quickly maneuvers the car back onto the road, and makes a u-turn. The tires on Maggie's car squeal the whole way around, and he almost clips the left fender on the goons' car as he passes by. But once he's got the car straight, he guns it back toward San Jose.
Of course, the whole time he can see Goon #2 trying to shake a leg and get back into the car. It was the first time Clay had seen the guy crack an expression, and it wasn't a happy one. 
But #1 has slid over to the driver's seat, and #2 has hopped into the passenger seat, and they're off in his direction again.
Still, at this point, Clay probably has a couple hundred yards on them, and he's really flying. Maggie's Ford Super Deluxe is more powerful than Clay's Fleetmaster, and he's feeling much more confident about his ability to get clear of these guys now.
But his confidence only lasts a second as it becomes increasingly obvious that their car is even more powerful than Maggie's. They're closing in on him fast.
Once they're a couple hundred feet from him, he tries to think of a way out of this mess. Maybe he could go off the road, wait them out again. But the look on Goon #2's face when Clay drove off a minute ago makes him think they won't be as patient with him a second time around.
Then, Clay spots a sheriff's car parked just off the side of the road ahead. It's almost as if the car's been waiting for them. Maybe Crystal's mom actually came through for Clay and called them after all.
Clay starts to slow a bit, and the goons behind him pull back as well. As they pass the sheriff's car, the lights come on, the siren sounds, and the officer starts following the goons.
They pull over, but the sheriff passes them by and continues toward Clay. So, Clay pulls over too. The cop gets out of the car, and it's Sam. Clay takes a nice, clean breath as Sam approaches Maggie's car.
"What took you so long?" Clay asks through the open car window.
"Looks like I got here just in time," Sam says. "You mind waiting here a second. Let me go tell these bums to get lost."
"Sure thing," Clay says, and watches Sam walk back toward the goons' car from his side mirror.
The goons had pulled over a couple hundred feet back, and Sam doesn't look like he's in any hurry to get to them. He just ambles up the street like he's on some lazy afternoon stroll.
By the time he gets to their car, he leans on their door frame, where their driver's side window is rolled down. Sam certainly knows how to look comfortable with these guys, too comfortable from Clay's perspective. He's sure not acting like a guy who's telling a couple of goons to get lost.
But, as Sam stands up and comes back toward Clay, the goons turn around and head north toward Milpitas again. 
Clay watches as Sam ambles back to him through the side mirror. He skips the driver side window this time, walks over to the passenger door, and gets in.
"Why are you driving Maggie's car?"
"Just as a diversion. Got a guy tailing me from San Francisco."
"For the same reason these guys are giving you the business?"
"Yep."
"What have you gotten yourself into here, Clay?"
"Same thing I came to see you about yesterday."
"I figured," Sam says, turning and looking out the passenger side window. "If you want my advice, you should quit while you're ahead."
"I don't remember asking for any advice."
"I'm giving it anyway, and you'd be smart to take it."
"And why's that?"
"Cause I might not be here next time to rescue you."
"Is that so?"
"You can never be sure."
"That almost sounds like a threat."
"Why would I threaten you?" Sam asks, looking directly at Clay.
"I don't know. There just seems to be a lot of people that want me off this case."
"Well, I'm just worried about you, that's all," Sam says. "What were you doing at the Crawford house anyway? What do they have to do with any of this?"
"Crystal Crawford is missing."
"So?"
"Why haven't you done any of the investigative work to put the pieces together?"
"What pieces? Her parents told me they thought she probably ran off to L.A."
"But she's hasn't."
"How do you know?"
"Because she's dead, Sam. She was the one in the car with Brett that night, not Emma."
"Who told you that?"
"I'll be happy to tell you that as soon as I've wrapped this thing up."
"Clay, don't do that. I'll charge you for interfering with an investigation."
"I suppose you could if it was still an open investigation."
"But, if you have new information, I'll reopen the case."
"I don't think you will."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"I think you knew something wasn't right about that accident, and"
"I told you everything I knew about the accident yesterday. It was cut and dry."
"Baloney! It was never cut and dry."
"Well, then, show me something. Tell me what you know."
"In due time."
"Clay, so help me God, I'll take you to the station right now."
"You looked pretty comfortable talking to Ramsey's goons back there."
"Yeah, so?"
"What'd you tell 'em? You tell 'em you'd take care of me?"
"Clay"
"It was you who called Ramsey, warning him that I was working this casea case you closed way too soon."
"What are you talking about?"
"You heard me."
"I did no such thing, and I"
"And I think you knew it wasn't Emma in the car that night."
"That's not true."
"Come on, Sam."
"Honestly, Clay, I believed it was Emma, and I never found any evidence otherwise. I've always thought it was Emma. It was an open-and-shut case from the beginning to me."
"So, why are you protecting Ramsey?"
"I'm not protecting anybody. Where in the world are you?"
"But you didn't pursue the case the way you should've. You didn't go to the right people. You didn't ask the right questions."
"That's just not true. If you would've seen what I saw that night, it had all the telltale signs of a normal, albeit severe, single-vehicle accident. I've been on this job a long time. I've seen enough car accidents to know one when I see it."
"This wasn't an accident," Clay says. "They cut his brake line and ran him off the road. They even started the fire."
"Who?"
"Same guys who just tried to run me off the road. The same guys you just sent home."
"How do you know that?"
"I did the work."
"I don't know what you're insinuating, but"
"I'm saying you didn't do the work. I'm saying that you decided the outcome of the case before you asked the proper questions. The way this whole thing has been handled is an absolute mess, and it looks bad."
"I did do the work. No sheriff in California would look at that file and find a problem with how I handled things. You don't know how hard it was to get that site cleared out and cleaned up. I was on that road all night, and had several of my guys with me too. Not one person questioned the way I was handling things. Not one. And I could've closed the case that night, after I finished the paperwork. But I decided to keep digging. I did ask questions. I did the legwork. I conducted interviews. Not to mention the days I spent trying to figure out how best to identify the bodies. I even called the state in to help. If I were trying to cover anything up, I sure had a lousy way of showing it."
"Okay, fine. Let's say you did the work. Let's say that any sheriff would've decided the case the same way you did. I still have a question."
"What?"
"Why'd you call Ramsey to warn him about me?"
"Have you lost your mind? I have no earthly idea what you're talking about."
"Well, let's simplify things a bit," Clay says. "How long have you known Ramsey?"
"I've known of him for years, but I've never met the guy."
"Never?"
"I've never even seen him," Sam says. "I have played cards at his tables before, though."
"You know about his clubs?"
"Sure I do. I play cards at his tables every now and again."
"In Fremont?"
"That's right."
"What in the world are you doing going there?"
"Like I said, I play cards. I have a good time. Same thing everyone else does there."
"But, if the feds ever raided that place, which is not outside the realm of possibility, you'd be forced to resign."
"It's outside my jurisdiction, but, yeah, I suppose it wouldn't look good."
"Were you there recently?"
"Yeah, I was there late last week."
"You see anybody interesting there?"
"I saw Jack."
"Jack? Jack Clayborne?"
"Yeah."
"What was he doing in Fremont?"
"I don't know. I suppose he was doing some work for Ramsey."
"Was he playing cards?"
"I don't know. He was leaving as I was coming in."
"You talk to him?"
"Sure I did."
"About the accident?"
"Among other things."
"What'd you tell him?"
"Not much," Sam says. "I told him that I was about to wrap it up."
"And you never stopped to wonder why he was asking you about the investigation?
"No. Everyone had been asking me about the accident. People were curious."
"What'd exactly did he say to you?"
"He told me that he'd looked into it. Ramsey had been worried that, since Brett was a fixture at his clubs, people would start asking questions about his business, and he didn't want anybody sniffing around. He told me what I already thought I knew, that nothing fishy was going on, that it was just an accident. I told him that I had pretty much come to that conclusion myself. Then he started telling me about a group of investors who were preparing to make a move to bring the Giants to San Francisco."
"The New York Giants?"
"That's right," Sam says. "Jack said that it would look bad if a guy like Brett, a young, hot prospect, were to be implicated with gambling in any way. He said that the longer the case was open, the more likely it would be for the story to lead to"
"To Ramsey?"
"Uh huh."
"And that didn't raise a red flag in your mind."
"Nope. It sounded logical to me. You know how baseball is about gambling. If the area looks friendly to gamblers, then the big boys will never come west."
"So, he asked you to close the case?"
"Not explicitly, no."
"Sounds that way to me."
"It might sound that way, but I'm telling you I was ready to close the case anyway."
"And how long after you had this conversation with Jack did you officially close the case."
"Clay, this is"
"Just tell me."
"It was the next day, but"
"Christ, Sam."
"But I'm telling you"
"After your conversation with Jack, did you play cards?"
"I did."
"And did the guys at the club do anything for you?"
"What do you mean?"
"Did they give you any money? A girl?"
"They comped me some chips, but nothing out of the ordinary."
"Out of the ordinary or not, it looks like you took a bribe."
"I did no such thing."
"It won't matter how you saw it. In a courtroom, perception always trumps reality."
"In court? What's gotten into you? You're taking this whole thing awful serious."
"It is serious."
"Are you trying to implicate me in a cover-up?"
"Christ, Sam, I'm not a prosecutor. I'm just trying to make my way through the weeds on this thing."
"You have to believe me, I closed that case with a clear conscience. I thought all the Ramsey stuff was, if you'll excuse the expression, just inside baseball. I believed what Jack told me, that his concerns were mostly political. You know how it is with this stuff. One reporter gets ahold of information that Brett was a gambling man, and, all of a sudden, we never get big league baseball in San Francisco. Then, of course, the law, pushed by angry, powerful interests upset that their plans for baseball fell through, would take it out on people like Ramsey. So, I wasn't surprised that Ramsey was curious about the case. But his interest never made me suspect that he was involved in the accident."
"Well, he is."
"And you're sure about that?"
"I think so."
"So, that's why you're in so much trouble."
"No question about that."
"Then let me get involved. Give me what you have on this case, and I'll do what I can to protect you."
"Give me until tomorrow, and I'll give you everything I've got."
"I'll do that, but if I don't hear from you by tomorrow evening"
"You will," Clay says. "And Sam?"
"Yeah?"
"If, in the future, someone asks you the same questions I just asked you, you might want to have some different answers handy."

"He still out there?" Clay asks, walking into Maggie's office.
"I think so," Maggie says, standing up from her desk and walking over to the window. "He came up to the box office an hour or so ago."
"What'd he say?"
"He asked for you."
"By name?"
"Yep."
"No kidding?"
"No kidding."
"What'd you tell him?"
"I told him you were in the locker room," Maggie says, looking at Clay. "I asked if he wanted me to get you."
"You did?"
"I did," she says. "He didn't call my bluff."
"Lucky for you."
"I would've figured something out."
"I'll bet you would've," Clay says, and sits on the edge of her desk. Maggie walks up to him, drapes her arms over his shoulders.
"How's your lip?"
"It only hurts when I think about it."
"Or when I kiss it?" she asks, leaning in to kiss him.
"That too. But I'm not complaining," he says, kissing her back.
"Where'd you go? You've been gone awhile."
"Couple different places," he says. "I do have some bad news, though."
"What's that?"
"A couple of guys dinged up the back of your car."
"What do you mean? How'd that happen?" Maggie asks, taking a step back from Clay.
"They were trying to run me off the road, and they clipped your rear fender. It'll be fine. I'll have it fixed on Wayne's dime."
"Sure, the car can be fixed, but how am I going to fix you when they ding you up?"
"I'm not so delicate."
"Clay, I'm serious. What's going on?"
"You ever heard of a guy named Ramsey?"
"I've heard of him. He runs big money card games."
"Right. Looks like he's responsible for killing Brett," Clay says.
"I thought it was an accident."
"So did everyone else."
"God, if that's true, people around here are going to"
"Well, he's partly responsible. There are a few other moving parts involved, but I'm sure that he's the driving force behind it."
"And he knows that you know, and he's trying to stop you from getting the word out."
"That's just about the gist of it."
"So, what now? If you know he did it, just hand it off to the police."
"I wish it were that easy, but the police could be part of the cover-up."
"No, really?"
"I don't think so, but I can't be sure," Clay says. "And those moving parts I was talking about"
"Yeah?"
"I've got just one more to get to, and then I'm done."
"What's that?"
"Emma."
"Emma's dead, Clay."
"You would've thought so."
"Emma's alive?"
"I'll find that out with my own eyes tonight or tomorrow morning."
"How?"
"I'm going to ask the prettiest girl I know if I can borrow her car again, and then I'm going to go to Salinas to wrap this whole damn thing up in a nice pretty bow," Clay says, standing up from Maggie's desk, and embracing her around the waist.
"How can I say no to that?"
"I'm trying to make it difficult."
"And you're sure this will all be over tomorrow?"
"It better be. I don't think Ramsey and his goons will let me survive another day."
"How worried should I be about the next twenty-four hours?"
"I'll scrape by. I always do."
"Until the one time you don't."
"That time won't be tonight," Clay says. "Why don't we go out for dinner? We'll go in my car and give the poor sap out there something to do with himself. Then we'll come back and I'll duck out the back again."
"How will I get home tonight?"
"I could drop you off after dinner."
"No. If we do that, I'll have to give you the keys to the building. Besides, it'll be more convincing if we come back together. I'll just sleep on the couch here tonight."
"You sure?"
"It won't be the first time."
"Well, let me call Wayne real quick before we go."
"It's always something with you," Maggie says, moving back to the box office window.
He grabs the phone on her desk. "Get me Parker's Law Office," he says to the operator.
"I'll wait outside," Maggie says.
"You don't have to," Clay says, but she's already out the door.
"Wayne Parker's office."
"Wayne, where's your secretary?"
"I sent her home. It's after five."
"I suppose it is," Clay says, looking up at Maggie's wall clock. "I think I might have some news for you."
"About Emma?"
"Yep."
"You found her?"
"I think so, but I won't know for sure until I know for sure."
"Where do you think she is?"
"You'll know soon enough."
"So, you're asking me to be patient."
"Just sit tight for one more day. Besides, if she's where I think she is, then we've wrapped this thing up a lot sooner than I expected."
"What do you mean 'we'? I didn't have anything to do with it."
"Well, me and your money then."
"So, I can expect your call tomorrow then?"
"Sure thing."
"And I can't get you to tell me where you think she is?"
"Nope, but you'll know what I know by the end of business tomorrow."

Ten

Clay wakes up in the front seat of Maggie's car. The morning sun is hot on his face. He looks at his watch, it's just after seven in the morning. The Salinas bus station is already open, and he's missed the early comings and goings of the place. He didn't mean to sleep this long. Really, he didn't mean to sleep at all. But it's probably for the best that he did. He had suspected that Emma worked the morning shift, but, since she didn't specify the shift she worked in her letter to Kevin, she could've just as easily had worked the night shift. But, as soon as he got here last night and saw that the diner was closed, he knew he was in for a long night. Still, he wanted to be awake to see if she got here early, but, if she did, he slept right through it.
Either she's here already, or she's not, but, one way or another, Clay needs a cup of coffee. He climbs slowly out of the car, shuts the door, and looks at his reflection in the driver's side window. He looks very much like a guy who spent the night in a car. He feels like it too. His hair is disheveled, and yesterday's five o'clock shadow has grown a few shadows more. And he feels worse than he looks. The right side of his jaw, where he took the big goon's punch yesterday, feels more sore than yesterday. His lower ribs on his right side burn every time he takes a breath, and his leg is as stiff as expected after a night of hard sleeping on the front seat of Maggie's Super Deluxe.
He had parked about fifty yards or so from the bus station entrance. Close enough to see anyone who came in or out, but far enough away not to raise suspicions. As he walks toward the station, he places his hand firmly over his left thigh like he's holding the muscle in place, trying to stifle his limp, but it's not very effective. The limp tells the full story of this morning's pain. 
The bus station is bright inside. It's almost completely empty. There is a clerk standing at a ticket window, and he's so busy that he doesn't even bother looking up from his newspaper. As Clay looks around, he sees only three people in the entire bus station. It'll probably be another half hour or so before the place really starts to fill up with the nine to fivers.
He goes to the men's room, and, after spending a long minute at the urinal, he goes to the sink, throws some water over his face, and then runs his wet fingers through his hair. He takes a comb from his back pocket and tames his hair into something that resembles order. He really could use a shave, but there's not much he can do about it in a bus station bathroom.
Clay leaves the bathroom and walks toward the diner. The diner is attached to the far end of the bus station by a pair of clean glass doors, one of which has the word 'Diner' written in white frosted letters on the glass. Clay keeps his distance as he approaches, standing to the side of the right side door, careful not to be spotted by Emma, if she's there. He looks inside. There are two guysblue collar typessitting on stools around the counter. The outside walls of the place are lined with boothsabout ten of them. From what Clay can see, all the booths are empty.
Behind the counter, talking to one of the two men, there's a waitress, a blond woman in her late thirties. Definitely not Emma. 
A few seconds pass, and then another waitress pops out from the swinging metal doors that separate the dining area from the kitchen. This waitress is carrying a steaming carafe of coffee, walks right up to the second guy at the counter and pours him some coffee. He's reading a newspaper and doesn't seem to take any notice of her. She's a younger woman than the first waitress. She has chestnut brown hair and is wearing a pair of heavy horn-rimmed glasses. Emma was a platinum blonde, and Clay never saw her wearing a pair of glasses. Still, this girl's face is a dead ringer for Emma's. 
It's her.
Since she decided to escape to a place so close to home, at least she was smart enough to try and disguise herself. Still, it's not a good enough disguise to hope to hide from anyone who actually knew her. It's just her bad luck that Wayne hired a detective that did actually know her.
Clay turns his attention back to the bus station. He looks around for a newsstand. There's one back by the ticket counter. He'd like to have something he can use to cover his face once he gets inside the diner. In these situations, where he's about to reveal himself to someone who's clearly trying to hide, the element of surprise is important. He wants to let her know he's spotted her before she's able to spot him. This would be easier if he still wore his fedora. He could tuck it in such a way that might hide his face a bit. It's especially important for someone like Clay, someone with such a caricatured limp, to find a way to distract attention from himself. Otherwise, he's unlikely to sneak up on anyone.
He starts walking in the direction of the newsstand. But then he spots a neatly folded newspaper on the bench nearest to the diner. For a second, seeing the newspaper seems like enough of a coincidence that, when he looks inside, he half expects to see a message from Jack. But there's no message. 
He walks back to the diner's double glass doors, looks in again. The guy at the counter with the newspaper is showing Emma something, and seems to have her attention. Clay walks in and moves past Emma without being spotted. 
He grabs a booth by the door on the far side of the diner. He sits with his back to the rest of the place, facing another pair of glass doors that exit to the street. As far as Clay can tell, this is the only exit that goes directly to the street. If she were to try and escape, he'll have to be close to the door to stop her before she gets out. He doesn't want a repeat of yesterday morning's chase with Kevin. His days of chasing people are over. If she decides to go toward the double doors that exit into the bus station, he'll have to go out through the street entrance and circle around to try and catch her. It's not optimal, especially with multiple exits from the station, but it's the best he can do. 
Of course, he hopes that she'll be smart enough to know that she's been found out and not run at all.
He opens the newspaper, and pretends to read as footsteps come up from behind him. 
"What can I get you?" Emma asks, standing in front of him now.
"You look different."
"What's that?" she asks.
"I said you look different," he says, folding the paper down and looking at her.
At first, there is a moment of startle in her eyes, and what he feared might turn to panic, but instead faded into a look of quiet resignation. She knew she was caught.
"How'd you find me?" she asks, sitting down across from him.
"Asked some questions," he says. Then he reaches into his inside jacket pocket, pulls out the letter she had sent to Kevin, and tosses it on the table. "This didn't hurt, though."
She looks at the letter. "He give you that?"
"No, I intercepted it."
"You mean you stole it."
"That's one way of putting it."
"That wasn't very nice." 
"Not sure I'm prepared to be lectured by you on what is or isn't nice."
"I know why you're here."
"I suppose you would."
"You're wasting your time. I didn't have anything to do with it."
"But you sure didn't waste any time getting out of town."
"I was scared."
"So scared that you went straight to Ramsey's?"
"Who told you that?"
"A little birdie told me."
"Did my brother tell you that?"
"Did you pay Ramsey off before or after the accident?'
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"I'm talking about the fifty-five hundred dollars you took from the bank earlier that afternoon."
"That was to pay Ramsey what Kevin owed him. They were threatening him. I thought he was going to be killed."
"Then, why, if you were paying off Kevin's debts, did Ramsey tell Kevin that he could clear his debt by cutting Brett's brake lines?"
"You'd have to ask Ramsey that question."
"But it's so much easier for me to ask you since, you know, you're sitting right here and all."
"Listen, I can't talk in here," Emma says, standing up from the booth. "Follow me."
Clay gets up and follows Emma around the lunch counter, past the guy with the paper and the guy chatting up the blond waitress, and through the swinging doors to the kitchen. 
"I'm taking five," she yells to the cook.
"Make it quick," the cook yells back, not even looking up to acknowledge her.
"I've really only got five minutes before the morning rush starts," she says, opening a side door to the alley outside.
"Tell me about the five grand," Clay says, standing with his back to the street. There's a building behind her. He's hoping to block any possible escape route.
"Cut the crap, Clay. I don't want to stand here and have you chase me in circles with questions. I don't have time for it. You already know too much. Why don't you just tell me what you know? I'll tell you if you get anything wrong."
"Have it your way," Clay says. "I think you took the five hundred and kept it for yourself. You knew you were about to be on the run and would need a little cushion to hold you over for a bit. Then I think you took the five thousand to Ramsey that same afternoon. I think you had asked him to get rid of Brett for you, and he agreed but wanted paid. I'm still not sure why you wanted Brett dead, though. Maybe you were tired of Brett knocking you around. Maybe you were jealous of someone he was seeing. Maybe it was Crystal," he says, trying to gauge her reaction to the name.
"Jealous?" Emma asks, almost laughing at him. "I wasn't worried about her. She was just one of Brett's playthings. Nothing was going to happen with her. But I knew that Ramsey was jealous."
"Brett told you about being kicked out of the poker game the week before."
"That's right, and my brother filled me in on the details."
"So, you exploited what you already knew was a rift between Ramsey and Brett."
"You might say that."
"How?"
"I told him things that weren't true."
"Like?"
"That Brett and Crystal had been sleeping together."
"And that did it."
"They're dead ain't they."
"So, you did pay him?"
"Yeah, but I'll deny it if you tell the police."
"There's a lot of that going around," Clay says.
"If you're done, I've"
"Just a couple more things."
"Make it quick."
"How'd you know the police would think you were the one in the car?"
"Because Ramsey told me they would."
"I wonder why?"
"Same body type, I guess. I don't know. He seemed pretty sure about it, and I believed him. He said he would take care of everything, and all I had to do was get him the money, and be ready to leave town late that night."
"Did Ramsey tell you all this directly?"
"Yes."
"So, you met with him personally."
"No, I never saw him."
"How'd he tell you this directly then?
"Once I reached out to him in Fremont, he started leaving me messages through his guys, or through little notes here and there."
"Little notes? How do you mean?"
"He left me notes on scorecards at baseball games, in magazines at the beauty parlor, things like that."
"Ramsey did that?"
"That's what I said."
Clay is stunned for second by this, but he tries not to show it. "And you guys had agreed that he would forgive your brother's debts with the money you paid him?"
"Yep."
"So, why did Ramsey have him cut Brett's brake lines?"
"He was collateral."
"For what?"
"Ramsey thought that, if Kevin was involved in the crash, it would give me extra incentive not to talk to the police."
"And did he tell you that, or?"
"I figured that one out on my own," she says. "We almost done here?"
"One last thing."
"What's that?"
"Why'd you want to kill Brett?"
"Because he was a worthless brute. Had been since I met him. I just decided that I wasn't going to let him lay his hands on me ever again."
"And you couldn't leave him. You weren't actually married, and you needed his financial protection. So, you had a will drawn up."
"Wayne talked to you?"
"I did," a voice says from the street side of the alley, behind Clay.
"About time, Wayne," Clay says, not even turning to look at him. "I was beginning to think you wouldn't show your face."
"Go home, Wayne," Emma says.
"I'm not going anywhere," Wayne says, approaching them.
"I suppose you're the dope that hired this guy?" Emma asks, motioning toward Clay.
"And he told me everything," Clay says.
"Is that true?"
"You just disappeared. What choice did I have?"
"Keep your mouth shut for a couple more weeks. That would've been a good start."
"But you didn't tell me what was going on."
"Why would I tell you?"
"Because we had a deal!" Wayne shouts at her.
"Oh, you did, huh," Clay says, walking in between Wayne and Emma, leaning back on the exterior wall by the diner's kitchen door. He reflexively reaches into his pocket for a cigarette. No cigarettes, of course. If he'd known he'd be in all these tense situations, he would've put off quitting a little longer, or, at the very least, he could've remembered to bring a baseball with him, just to have something in his hands. "I'd love to hear more about this deal."
"Oh, so, he didn't tell you everything."
"Emma, let's not do this. Let's go somewhere. We can talk about"
"Wayne hired you because he was angry with me for cutting him out."
"Emma, this is"
"Cutting him out of what?" Clay asks.
"He wanted Brett's money."
"How was he going to get that?"
"How do you think?"
"She's lying, Clay. She'll say anything. You can't trust a girl like this."
"You should've thought of that before you got involved with a girl like this," Clay says, and then looks back to Emma. "Tell me what I think."
"Emma don't," Wayne says, pleading.
"Too late," Emma says. "When I met Wayne, we were close right away. He knew Brett was abusive, and he seemed every bit as hurt and angry about it as I was. So, he came up with a plan. We would write up a will and get Brett to sign it. That would be the easy part. Brett was stupid about money, and he liked to talk about it as much as he liked to think about it, which was not at all. He always had it, and just assumed it would always be there. And he signed the will without so much as a question, agreeing to give all his money to me if something were to happen to him. Then we just had to wait until he was passed out drunk some night at the house, which was pretty much every night, and then we would Why don't you tell him?"
"She's making this up," Wayne says to Clay.
"We were going to torch the place," Emma says, staring at Wayne. "I was going to conveniently spend the night with a friend that night, giving me a solid alibi, and then Wayne was going to burn the place to the ground. Then we were going to collect the money and start a new life together. Right, Wayne?"
Wayne just stares at her.
"And everything was going as planned. That is, until you lost your nerve," Emma says, staring at Wayne.
"You wouldn't be patient," Wayne snaps back at her.
"I was sick and tired of being his punching bag."
"I know, baby," Wayne says, approaching her.
"Stay away from me," Emma says, holding her arms out straight in front of her.
Wayne goes to grab her arms, but she swings and hits him in the head.
"Get away from me," she yells.
He tries to embrace her, but she keeps swinging her hands and arms, beating him about the head and shoulders. He grabs her face with his hands, and squeezes it.
"Wayne, back off!" Clay yells, grabbing his shoulder. 
Wayne swings his arm back toward Clay, knocking his hand away, and then pushes Clay back against the brick wall of the diner. Clay doubles over and grabs his sore ribs under his jacket.
"I don't have time for this," Emma says through teary eyes. Then she grabs the door to the kitchen entrance.
"You're not going anywhere," Wayne says, and pulls a revolver out of his coat pocket.
"Christ, Wayne. What the hell are you doing?" Clay asks.
"You knew I would follow you here, didn't you? You lured me here," Wayne says, looking at Clay, all the while keeping the gun pointed at Emma. 
"I suppose I did."
"You trapped me," Wayne says. "How'd you know I was involved?"
"Because you lied to me onceabout why you wanted me to look for her. I just assumed you would lie to me about anything. But I couldn't exactly figure out your motive. I always assumed it was about Brett's money, but I wasn't sure how to get a clear answer. I couldn't trust that she would tell me," Clay says, calmly nodding to Emma. "But I made a bet that if I got you two together, it would come out one way or the other."
"You think you're so smart," Wayne says, turning the gun toward Clay's face.
Emma grabs the doorknob to the kitchen entrance and tries to open the door. Wayne swings the gun toward her. Clay lunges at the gun as Wayne fires a shot.
Emma screams. 
Clay looks at Wayne, and then grabs the left side of his chest.
Wayne, wide-eyed, stares at Clay.
Clay takes a couple steps to the other side of the alley. His right hand is under his jacket, grabbing the bloody shirt beneath. He falls into a pile of trash bags piled on the ground.
"God, what did I do?" Wayne asks, kneeling by Clay.
"Hate to be the one to tell you, but you shot me," Clay says, half-smiling through clenched teeth.
"I'm so sorry. I didn't mean"
"Tell her to stop staring and go get some help," Clay says to Wayne.
"Go get help," Wayne says to Emma. 
Emma runs back inside the diner.
"Clay, honestly, I never meant to"
"No good ever comes from having a gun."
"What can I do?"
"Call Maggie. Tell her that Jack Tell her" Clay stops, pulls as deep a breath as he can through his teeth. His vision is going blurry, and he starts to close his eyes.
"Clay! What do you want me to tell Maggie?"
Clay opens his eyes for a second, looks at Wayne.
"Tell her I'm done with baseball, and I've been thinking that her and I" he says, and winces, takes another breath. "Tell her I was thinking about her."

Clay slowly opens his eyes, squints at the brightness from the overhead lights in the room. He can immediately tell from the smell of the place that he's in a hospital. It takes him a second to remember what happened, but the pain in his chest quickly jogs his memory.
"Clay?"
He feels a hand collapse over his own. He turns to look through weary, tired eyes, and sees Maggie sitting beside him.
"How do you feel?"
"Like I was shot in the chest."
"You were shot in the chest," Maggie says, deadpan.
"Yeah, I know. I was joking."
"This was no joke, Clay. You had me scared to death."
"Just imagine how I felt," he says as he goes to sit up, but immediately feels a wave of pain shoot up his torso.
"You shouldn't try to move."
"Right," Clay says, wincing. "I won't make that mistake again."
"Do you need anything?"
"Could you get me some water?"
Maggie grabs a cup from his bedside table, and fills it from a pitcher sitting beside it. She hands it to him.
"What's the damage?" he asks, trying to ignore the pain he feels as he lifts his arm to grab the cup of water from her. He nurses a couple sips of the stuff before taking a couple bigger drinks. It's the best damn water he's ever tasted. So cool. So wet.
"The bullet missed your heart, obviously, or you wouldn't be here. But they had to operate to get the bullet out and repair a punctured lung. It was touch and go for awhile there. I thought I was going to lose you," she says, trying to keep her emotions in check.
"How long have I been out?"
"They brought you in yesterday morning."
"When can I go?"
"No one's even talking about that yet."
"Well, let's start that talk right about now."
"You can't even sit up, let alone get up and walk out of here."
"I have just one more loose end to tie up. I have to talk to Sam."
"Sam's been in and out of here since yesterday."
"He has?"
"Yeah, he's worried," Maggie says. "Besides, he's on the case now."
"I need to get a message to him."
"But you need to rest."
"I know, but"
"They've got this, Clay. Sam's working the case with the Salinas Police Department. They're involved now because of the shooting."
"So, they arrested Wayne?"
"Why don't you get some rest?"
"I'll rest better if I know what's happening."
"Yes, they arrested Wayne, and he's done nothing but talk since then."
"And Emma?"
"Yes, Emma's been questioned too."
"They need to get Kevin to come home from Los Angeles."
"What for?"
"Can you get me a piece of paper and something to write with? I need you to give Sam a message for me."
Maggie rummages around the drawers at his bedside until she finds a pen and a small pad of paper. Clay grabs them, tries to get in a position to write, but stops. He has no strength, and the pain is too great."
"Could you take a note for me?" he asks Maggie, holding out the pen and paper to her.
"Sure," she says.
"You ready?"
"Fire away."
"Ramsey is Jack. Jack is Ramsey. Find Kevin Dunham. He'll identify Jack as Ramsey. Everything else will fall in place."
"What's that mean, Ramsey is Jack?"
"Exactly what it sounds like it means. They're the same person. Jack has been hiding in plain sight all these years. Nobody ever caught on because he was so good at never showing himself as Ramsey. His paranoia had paid off for him all those years, and all it took was falling for Crystal Lake to make him get sloppy. Once he started showing himself as Ramsey at those Fremont games with Brett and Kevin, he opened himself up to be caught."
"And you caught him."
"We'll see. He's not caught yet."
"How did you figure it out?"
"I knew Ramsey was involved in the accident after talking to Kevin, but I still didn't know to what extent he was pulling the strings. I couldn't quite suss out who was more to blame, Emma or Ramsey?
"But, as I talked to Emma, I started to realize that it didn't matter who was more responsible. Emma was going to take the hit. It wouldn't be Ramsey. He was too insulated. He had played his cards so brilliantly close to the vest that no one would ever get to him.
"Still, I was hung up on who had tipped him off on the fact that I was investigating the case. At first, I was sure it was Kevin, but, after I talked to him, I knew he hadn't contacted anybody. Then, I thought it was Sam."
"Right. That's what you said to me. You said that you thought the police were involved somehow."
"Yeah, but I was grasping at straws at that point. I was getting desperate."
"Then who tipped Ramsey off?"
"I did."
"What?"
"When Emma told me that Ramsey had been communicating to her by leaving her little notes around town, it started coming together. That's what Jack does. Jack leaves little notes like that. I've never known anyone else to do that. And, then, I realized that I had called Jack the night before I went to San Francisco for the meeting, and that's when the trouble started." 
"Unbelievable."
"Plus, I knew I had been baited into going to Crystal's parents' house. But by who? It was Jack. He's the one who gave me her name. He was always one step ahead of me. He knew what I was going to do before I did. And he thought he had me when I went to Crystal's parents' house, and I thought I was had, too. But once Sam called Ramsey's boys off me, they backed off and gave me some space. They just gave me too much space for their own good."
"When did you figure all this out?"
"I think it finally came to me while I was lying in a pile of trash with a hole in my chest."
"You were still thinking about the case after you were shot?"
"It's my cross to bear."
"So, all that time that you worked for Jack, you were working for Ramsey."
"That's what it looks like," Clay says, and tries to reach across his body for the cup of water, but winces again.
"Oh, they found a couple of cracked ribs on the right side when they x-rayed you."
"The fun never ends." 
"Do you want me to try and get this to Sam now?"
"Just a second. It can wait another minute," he says, and takes a breath. "When I get out of here, we should move east, live a nice, quiet New England life, free from gamblers and gun-toting lawyers. What do you say?"
"I'd say your morphine is doing the trick."
"No, I mean it, Maggie. I know we've always hesitated to commit to anything, but"
"No, it was you who always hesitated to commit to anything."
"You're right. It's always been me."
"You've always given too much credence to what you thought my dad wanted."
"No, you don't understand. It wasn't just that your dad didn't want you to be with a ballplayer. It was a class thing. Your dad liked me, I know that, but he didn't want you to be with a bum, the kind of bum who would go and get himself shot. He was only protecting you."
"Clay"
"You know it's true," he says. "And I can't say I blame him. What do I have to offer you?"
"I'm selling the team."
"What?"
"I'm selling the team. This is the last year I'll own the Braves."
"Why didn't you tell me?"
"I didn't want you to try and talk me out of it."
"Where will be go for our walks? Where will we have our morning catches?"
"I don't know. Maybe somewhere back east in a nice, quiet New England place I've heard about."
Clay smiles his half-crooked smile.
"What do you think?" she asks.
"Sounds like you got it all figured out."

