Endrin
Immortal: Book One
A Novella Series

A. G. Kim

Smashwords Edition | Copyright 2014 A. G. Kim

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

www.agkim.com

http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/amgranad

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Acknowledgments and Dedication
Chapter One: The End and the Beginning
Chapter Two: Coming of Age
Chapter Three: Rejection
Chapter Four: Campfire Chat
Chapter Five: Tortured Dreams
Chapter Six: Failed Watch
Chapter Seven: Freedom
Chapter Eight: Shipwreck
Chapter Nine: Search and Rescue
Chapter Ten: Visitors
Chapter Eleven: Crossroads
Chapter Twelve: Blue Eyes
Chapter Thirteen: More Information
Chapter Fourteen: Celebrations
Chapter Fifteen: Rebuilding
Chapter Sixteen: Meetings
Chapter Seventeen: Late Night Visit
Chapter Eighteen: Escape
About the Author
Afterword


Acknowledgments and Dedication

Special thanks to all my friends and family who encouraged and supported me throughout the process of writing this book.  Thank you especially to those who took so much time and care to help improve my writing.  This book is dedicated to all of you.  I wouldnt have been able to do all this without your support!


Chapter One: The End and the Beginning

It was a dark, weary night.  The frantic blowing on the shutters had ceased, the deafening thunders and blinding flashes retreated, and the heavy pelting rain dulled to a gentle spray; and yet, in the air, there was no relief.  In his study, within the depths of the cold, uncaring stone castle, Randol, his massive hands cradling his face, was hunched down behind his massive, dark mahogany desk.  He was not a small man by any means, but at the time he seemed dwarfed by the looming bookcases and trapped by the heavy hanging, crimson curtains.  The light of the lamps that cast long, black shadows emphasized his disheveled appearance.  Though his clothes were of silk and supple leather, he could have passed as another ragged commoner in the dark city streets.
There was a quiet knock on his door that he did not hear at first, but at the second and third attempt it became more and more insistent.  Finally, he looked up from behind his trembling hands, his dark brown eyes dull, his long hair, unkempt.
Enter, he said simply, uncaring for his appearance, the stubble that covered his face and his damp and muddied clothes.  He did not try to hide the empty glass and broken bottle on the floor beside his desk, nor the stench of strong drink in the air.
The lamps flickered as the heavy study doors slowly opened to reveal a lithe, figure clad in white.  Her long, silk dress and pearl white collar bearing a silver dragon seemed to radiate pure light into the gloom of Randol's study.
Randol glared at the ornate dragon collar around her neck.  He knew it was not a real dragon collar. There was no real power behind her collar. When he found out about it, he started secretly calling those who wear it pretenders.  He wanted to say it out loud but he could not.  He wanted to say, if only his brother had not given Lyrell and her kind so much freedom; if only his brother did not show them so much kindness, Randol would not be drinking himself into a stupor now.  He whispered under his breath beyond Lyrells hearing, This is why the crown has no respect in the court.
She appeared youthful but something in her eyes suggested possession of deep wisdom.  On her face, framed by long, straight and bleached hair, she bore a stern look that clashed with her youthful appearance.  Her almost icy, regal demeanor towards Randol was in contrast to her startling emerald green eyes.  My Lord, she said in an almost commanding and disapproving tone. 
Guilt from past memories washed over him as he saw those eyes.  They once belonged on his brothers face, but he pushed the guilt, reminding himself that they were no longer his brothers now.  What is it, Lyrell, he snarled; his guilt replaced by anger.  Somehow, even after so much strong drink, Randol was still capable of emotion.  More bad news?  I doubt tonight will have improved.  Should you not be at your master's bedside now?
She ignored his dark temper.  "She has given birth to a boy child but she did not survive, she said with no further preamble.  Your brother, King Jovan, is nearing his time, as well.  She did not say anything further as she waited for Randol's reaction.  When he slumped deeper into his seat, she took on a resigned look and said, As you said, My Lord, I should be with my king.  If you have need of me you will find me there.
I am a coward  A coward.  Coward.  Coward!  Hiding his pained look behind his hands, he said calmly, Wait. Lyrell hesitated with her hand on the doorknob, turned to face him and waited for him to say more.
He could at least do this much.  It was a pathetic attempt that would not do justice to his loving brother, but there did not seem to be other options.  The child must be taken to a safe place.  He will not be welcomed by the people.  Your sister will be buried with the king once he passes on.
She nodded slowly in response.
He raked his hands through his hair nervously, but stared directly at Lyrell's eyes, daring her to object.  You must leave with the child tonight.  Do not return or your life will be forfeit.
Lyrell's eyes widened with a look of disbelief.  "You know well enough that I cannot leave my master's side!  She let go of the door, clenching her hand at her side.  
Randol slammed his fists on his desk as he stood and hunched over it.  He looked up with a hint of sharp steel returning to his gaze and the walls and shadows of the room seemed to recede in the background.  "You will do as I say!  Once my brother has gone I will be your master!  Randol ignored Lyrell's expression, even as her look of disbelief turned into defiance.
She seemed to want to give a sharp retort, but slowly, she closed her eyes and when they opened again, she relaxed into a weary stance.  She turned around without saying anything else and exited with a grim look on her face.
Randol straightened and walked unsteadily to his drink cabinet.  He didn't bother to pour himself a fresh glass.  Instead, he took a long, desperate pull straight from the bottle and let the burn of the amber liquid distract him from his problems, if only for a second.

<> <> <>

Lyrell noiselessly walked into the king's dark bedchamber wearing a long, hooded, grey robe.  In her arms a small bundled form stirred.  The night had become eerily still even with the soft snoring of guards just outside the King's bedchamber. The dim light from the moon revealed enough for her to see the still form on the bed.  She pulled down her hood as she drew closer to look upon the king who was gaunt and frail under the numerous blankets meant to keep him from the cold.  His breathing was pained, shallow and trembling.  His grey, silver eyes that used to glint with humor and shrewdness were now hidden under his sallow lids; and his face and hair limp, dark, and damp from perspiration.  He who was once the sun of the kingdom had been reduced to this.
Lyrell touched the side of her face with a trembling hand.  The gesture seemed to frame the moonlight captured in the depths of her green eyes.  She stood there remembering the time she had decided to serve him for as long as the Giver decreed.   His appearance had also changed.  She looked much younger than her actual years, but before her, the king was just the opposite  the life in him was waning.
The mysterious sickness that had plagued him all these years took its toll.  He would not last the night according to his healer, and the kingdom may not live its natural life-span, as well, without his hand at the helm.  His brother had a good heart, but it was weak and it would be governed by those around him who were stronger.  His wife, especially, with her ambitious and selfish goals, would rule over him with a stranglehold.
Lyrell looked down at the sleeping babe in her arms, wrapped tightly in a grey blanket against the cold.  There may yet be hope, but hope was not a guarantee.  Still, what could be done will be done.
My Lord, My King.  Jovy. she whispered hoarsely as she knelt at his bedside.  The time has come as you have said.  My conviction remains to be by your side, but my duty is to do your bidding.  She rose slowly and reluctantly.  She said no goodbyes nor did she shed any tear as she removed the bejeweled emerald collar from her neck and placed it by his withered hand.  Still, she stood looking at her King longer than she had planned before she could force herself to move.


Chapter Two: Coming of Age

Up on a thatched roof above the village of Warsholl, Jorran was taking in the warmth of the sun.  He lay still as he let it envelop him in a warm embrace. The cool spring breeze seemed to caress him, coaxing him to slip into sweet slumber.  The soft chirping of birds and the subdued rustling of greening trees above him made the whole scene seem peaceful but in truth, his mind was racing.  Both excitement and fear warred inside of him.  
Desperate to make time pass, he had earlier set his mind to do all the chores he could think of only to find he had very little to do. Carialla, his mother and little sister Viyah had apparently done their best to wake long before him to finish all the chores in the house.  He thought, were they trying to prove that he was not necessary in their lives?  All the stores were full, the house sparkled clean, wood had been chopped, and breakfast lay waiting for him even before he actually got up out of bed.
Jorran grunted at the memory of an awkward breakfast delicious, but awkward. Oh, and, yes, memorable, he thought wryly. His mother's mood seemed to swing between fussing and crying and back again because, he guessed she was thinking the home-cooked meal she had prepared would likely be his last one in a long time. He sighed as he realized his mother was only trying to make his last moments at home unforgettable. 
His contemplation was cut short as he was suddenly overwhelmed by what seemed like a flood of water. Jorran sprang upright, coughing up water, blowing his nose, and wiping stinging tears from his ice blue eyes. The cold water left his face slightly numb and he tried to dry it with his sleeve. With his short blond hair dripping into his eyes and face, he looked up to see his sisters hazel eyes and dirty blond hair hovering just above him. Viyah!  She had a stern look about her, the kind he only saw when he was in trouble. He couldn't help but think she is a younger version of mother. Obviously, she was responsible for his near-drowning! A small wooden pail on her left arm was evidence enough. His sister must have emptied the whole thing on his face. He stared at it, instead of his sister, his eyes glaring with the promise of murder as if the pail would get the message that what it had done a horrible thing.
There would have been more water, she said, her big curls bouncing on her shoulders as she put her fists on her waist, but it's a bit hard to carry the bigger pail up the ladder.  Wouldn't want to have to fix a collapsed roof by myself after you'd left, she gestured at the thatched roof at their feet.  It's quite awkward wearing skirts.  And I dare say mother will have a fit if she saw me in trousers.
Jorran watched as his sister kept chattering like an excitable bird as she went back down the ladder, her eyes lit and animated.  She mentioned something about the local boys and embarrassment, among other things.  He shook his head in chagrin, water droplets still falling from his hair.  Despite himself, a chuckle escaped his lips.  By the time she vanished from his sight, Viyah had completely forgotten about him and whatever she was talking about was a topic far removed from the original subject matter.  She had also entirely neglected to explain why she had drenched him with water.  
Jorran suddenly realized his brother Estin must already have arrived.  At least he hoped so or he would have to endure another round of sobs and tears from his mother - or both.  It was likely both.  He grimaced at the thought of his inability to escape the drama, at least until his brother took him away from Warsholl.  He rose to take one last look at his surroundings.  From atop the roof, he could visualize many of his experiences as he was growing up in this place.
Their small cottage home lay in a quiet secluded spot away from the nearby village.  His mother liked it that way.  Warsholl was a small village their mom chose to avoid unless necessary because of its inhabitants' chatty tendencies.  With not much else going on in a place far from the rest of civilization, a single mother with three children was a favorite on most Warsholl villagers' lips.  Jorran frowned at the thought of leaving his mother and sister to the mercy of the gossips of Warsholl, but by herself, Carialla had raised three children and seemed to fare well enough.  Whenever her children had commented about people's whispers, she just shrugged them off as unimportant and reminded them with a gentle smile that all they needed was each other.
Taking one last sweeping look at the village, Jorran climbed down the ladder.  He thought he could not stay even if he wanted to.  He was of age and the dark mountains looming in the north were calling. It was either that, or the king's army. He would much rather go with his brother Estin to join the Watch which was tasked only to report on the state of the borders, nothing else.  The Watch was, at least, he thought a more peaceful alternative to the army.

<><><>

Jorry!  Jorran was crushed by his older brother's larger form and the less massive of the two struggled to catch his breath.  Estin laughed heartily as he held his brother at arms length, admiring his brother's growth since he had last seen him.  He did not bat an eye though he noticed Jorran was sopping wet.  Well, you'll do for now.  He grinned as he slapped his brother's back and chuckled some more when, at the force of the light tap, Jorran had to struggle with his balance.  Estin was five years older and though he was already bigger than Jorran when he left a year ago, it seemed he grew even more in height and in bulk while he was away.  Now there were also tired lines around his eyes.
The green and brown looks dull, but you seem comfortable enough in it, Jorran joked about Estins uniform.
Estin laughed at that.  Youll have to wear it, too, soon enough, he said as he mussed his brothers hair.   Well, mother, Viyah, he turned to the two sitting by the hearth.  His mother was sobbing in Viyah's arms, while Viyah looked as if she was about to lose patience with her mother.  Her eyes seemed to say, Stop all the drama!  She looked like she was struggling very hard to keep her opinions to herself lest she aggravate her mother.  We'd best be on our way.  It was a miracle my Captain did not reject my request to travel.  I would not chance his anger.
Carialla stood up suddenly, making Viyah loose her balance.  Muttered oaths came out of Viyah mouth as she tried to regain her balance.  Estin, you must stay the night!  It's been years since I've even seen you!  You need some rest.   Your travels must have been so long.  I made you your favorite dishes and pastries.  Lets get you cleaned up. Sleep in your old bed and under my roof for at least a night.  She attempted to pull Estin further into the house, but the boy she knew had grown up.  The young, skinny, dirty-blond haired boy from long ago still had his deep, dark brown eyes, but his hair was now cropped short and he had added bulk and height to his frame.  She could no longer persuade him physically as she used to.
Estin sighed, Mother, I had planned to arrive days sooner so that I may surprise you and spend time with you, but as it is, the weather up north had not given up the cold and travel was slow.  I expect the weather to have changed very little.  If we leave now, I would still be yelled at for arriving late, but if I leave any later I would probably face more serious punishment.
Carialla looked like she would throw another crying fit.  Viyah, who stood beside her, looked like she would also give her own fit albeit for a different reason, but by some miracle, both did neither.  Mother, Viyah steeled herself, you should know by now how things are...  She got a disapproving frown in return, but otherwise no protest.
Their mother seemed to sag into herself as she sighed and gave up, tears brimming in her eyes.  If only I could keep you from service.  If only I could keep you safe by my side.

The two brothers were able to leave soon after hugs, kisses, and farewells.  Viyah had given both brothers fierce hugs and extracted from them promises to take care.  Their mother, in turn, behaved better than she had at first, handing the boys supplies for the road and whatever she could prepare at such short notice.  The whole ordeal of saying goodbye seemed to go by in a blur and suddenly Jorran was on his horse beside his brother's, looking back at the small cottage in the distance.  As they entered  the line of trees, their home seemed to disappear behind them.
Well, Jorran was first to speak.  His brother seemed to be in a dark mood since they left, so he felt the need to bring light banter into their travel.  That went better than I feared.  He smiled lopsidedly.  I thought she would have started crying again and you would have given in to one night's stay.
Estin turned to him, frowning.  Mother will be fine as she has always been.  Viyah is headstrong.  They will fare well enough without a man in the house.  His brother looked up toward the forest canopy at birds singing songs to each other, cheerful that spring had arrived.  Jorran's gaze followed Estin's.  The horses plodding underneath them seemed to follow along with their music for a second.  Already, the barren trees were sprouting little bits of green, and soon, their surroundings would be covered in a riot of spring colors that they would miss.  When Jorran looked back down, Estin's exhausted and haunted look gave Jorran chills.  Certainly, this was not the boy that left them years ago, but this was also not the man that greeted him only moments ago.  He seemed somehow out of place in the forest where creatures were celebrating the coming of spring.
Jorran, Estin said, looking at him with a grave expression, it has become customary to take weapons away from... volunteers when they are escorted for service since nowadays, because of the threat of forcible enlistment into the Army, many no longer come willingly.  Regular members of the Watch who travel with volunteers have often found it quite dangerous.
Here, Estin unbuckled his own sheathed short blade from his waist and handed it to Jorran.  I had hoped to school you in its use but time has not been on our side. 
Estin watched him as Jorran unsheathed the blade.  Jorran shifted it from one hand to another as if to test its efficacy. It was straight and plain, but it was heavy and solid in his hands and his brother had not been lax in its care.  Suddenly, Jorran asked simply, Tell me what you know. His usual boyish grin had vanished and his expression was replaced with one of concern.
The horse's hooves thumped underneath them for a while before his brother decided to finally say something.  He sighed wearily and spoke calmly.  To say the least, winter has been long and it grows longer and colder each year; and each year, the hungry and desperate grow in number and the creatures of the cold migrate closer.  The crown has been keeping its attention on itself, or so I heard, and we in the Watch, are left to fend for ourselves among the people.  It used to be that village folks volunteered easily for the Watch but now the command is desperate to keep people in and our numbers up.  Very few want to stay and very few want to join.  They have been dealing a heavy hand on those who do not cooperate.
Jorran frowned as he buckled the sword and sheath to his belt.  "We've known this for a time, even before spring. The Constables announced curfew and suggested women and young ones not travel alone, but Ive never heard of trouble within the Watch.  Villagers seem to prefer the Watch just as mother does because it is not the Army or the Navy.
Estin shook his head.  No, that is the least of our troubles.  They reached a fork in the road and without hesitation he directed the horses to the path that led south.
Jorran glanced the other way.  Should we not head north?
No,  Estin said grimly.  My Watch Post has been recalled to Emere, the capital.  My fellow Watchmen travel ahead of us.
The Capital?  Jorrans eyes grew wide.  What is there for the Watch to do in Emere?  
Estin sighed, You must not let mother know.  She will worry needlessly when it is something beyond our control.  He continued with an earnest tone in his voice,  Jorran, do you know why are called the Watch?  We are not the King's Soldiers, nor are we the Constables.  We were not meant to fight enemies invading the King's lands, nor are we meant to keep the peace between his people.  Until recently, we had weapons mainly to catch our meal for the day and we interacted with the people only to help those who have lost their way.   We are called the Watch precisely because that was what we were meant to do  to watch the borders and to report what goes on.
Jorran nodded, Yes, of course which is why mother insisted you and I volunteer for the Watch instead of the Kings Army or Navy.
Well now...  Now there are rumors of us being absorbed into the kings army.  Our going south further proves this theory, Estin shook his head with regret and Jorran saw his brother's shoulders sag as if from the weight of an unseen burden.
Jorran scratched his head while saying,  So, in essence, I am not joining the Watch like mother wanted.
If there were a way for you to avoid this, I would have found it by now but, no there is no way out of this.  Estin shook his head and said, We might as well be going straight for the Army. Estin said no more.  His mouth set in a fierce line and he looked away from Jorran and stared straight ahead as if to face what they both knew was inevitable.  


Chapter Three: Rejection

In the heart of Emere, in one of the castles most opulent rooms, Adri knelt on the white marble floor.  Her head was bowed and her dark brown eyes were directed to the floor immediately in front of her. Her eyes were glazed over even as she gazed at the polished surface which reflected her tanned, youthful and slender form.  She was dressed in a fine, long, black silk gown and soft black leather slippers.  A black collar with a metallic dragon grasping an obsidian eye adorned her neck.  Streaked with grey, her hair hung loosely at the nape of her neck. 
She was vaguely aware that the prince's entourage surrounded her. They filled the lavish room that was connected to the castle's large balcony by a vast hallway.  The king stood at the balcony addressing a large crowd of citizens.  She could hear the kings voice echo through the hallway into the room they were in. The room itself was mostly bare, not that she could, at this point, admire the place. All she knew was the marbled floors were cold and the painted walls and ceilings depicting events in Endrin's proud history and the carved gilded pillars and moldings, seemed to mock her.  The extravagantly dressed gentry in it, she knew, looked condescendingly at her.  Though the room was designed to awe and speak of the wealth and power behind its making, for Adri, it portrayed years of pain and humiliation she and her kind had endured there and in many other rooms of the castle. 
Supple brown leather boots with intricate gold details stepped into her line of sight and a hand, fingers ringed with gold and amber, lifted her chin.  The touch was surprisingly light and the hand was large but smooth and untarnished.
Adri's dark brown eyes met Prince Kestons cold, grey-flecked black staring directly into hers.  She submitted herself to his gaze.  Decked in his formal attire in browns and gold, complementing his fair skin and brown hair, she saw he was both beautiful and imposing.  Adri realized he had bent a little toward her in order to look closely into her eyes. She was alarmed as his eyes suddenly reflected rage yet she knew his demeanor would seem calm to onlookers as he frowned only slightly.  Adri froze at that look.  She knew she had not only failed him again, she also infuriated him.  A fearful trembling within her began as she longed to hide her face in shame but his commanding gaze would not let her.  When he lowered his hand, the only warning Adri was given was a slight increase in his frown and her vision ceased for a fraction of a second as he struck her face with the back of his hand.  When her consciousness returned, she found herself laying on her side a few steps from where she originally was.  She lifted a hand to the side of her face and found wet warmth oozing out of the side of her face where the Prince's backhanded strike had caused his rings to dig into her skin. She was surprised she did not feel any pain. She did not like the numbness but she thought it was likely that when she gained feeling back on her face, she would be in such pain she would miss feeling numb all the same.
She looked up as he was saying, The time for my presentation as successor approaches, he said, looking down at Adri with a cold, detached calm as he wiped his hand on a silk handkerchief one of his servants produced. He threw it on the ground to be hastily picked up by the same cowering servant. Adri's inner trembling became visible to those who watched the spectacle as the Princes voice echoed through the room.
I will not tolerate any sign of weakness or disloyalty.  He waved her away as he began walking towards the terrace and she watched his back as he walked away.  She wanted to reach out to him and beg for his forgiveness but she did not know how she could make him turn around and be pleased with her again.  At the same time, hate was boiling deep inside her.  His two other Companions spared her uninterested glances. She saw that their darkening eyes barely even acknowledged her existence.  Adri watched as they followed the prince, their black, silken gowns embracing their fair forms and their graying hair flowing behind them.  The knights followed after the Princes companions,  their armor shining with burnished emblems of a dragon sinking its claws into an eye.
Adri could hear the loud cheers of multitudes in the castle's expansive square which was opened to the public on the joyous and momentous occasion of their Prince's presentation as Successor.  It was the beginning of a new era and the Prince's rejection of her meant she was not allowed to witness it.
She was abruptly brought upright by some burly castle guards and her vision once again went dark for a moment.  As the stars finally cleared from her eyes, she noticed she was not being taken to her chambers.
The guards opened large, ornate double doors and deposited her unceremoniously onto plush, cream colored rug.  The deep gashes on her face dripped slowly, staining and seeping into the threads.  Normally, her wounds would have healed by now but the torture and starvation affected her body's ability to heal itself.
Adri looked up to find herself in the sitting room of the King's chambers.  Bright light poured into the room from its large windows which looked west toward the docks and the waterfront.  It was a magnificent view - blue water sparkled like diamonds surrounded by the emerald of forest evergreens on two sides.  Colorful ships dotted the docks.  Adri would have been amazed at the beauty of the scenery any other day.  Today, she hardly noticed even the things that were immediately in front of her:  the beautiful dark-stained, hand-carved furniture, exquisite paintings hanging on the walls, and the gold plated details on everything in the room; no, not today.  She could not appreciate her surroundings today.  	She looked down and in front of her, knelt almost with a lunge and crushed the rug with her fists.  Her jaw clenched unconsciously at the same time and the pain she felt meant that feeling had started to come back to her face.  She struggled for control as her body also began to shake more violently.  Behind her, the large doors opened and closed quietly and a bent old lady hovered into Adri's view.
Oh, my, my, the elderly woman clucked at the blood she found flowing down Adris face and creating small pools on the floor.  This will not do.  Definitely won't do.  She shook her head.  Now child, in my age my body no longer allows me to do all the things I wish to do.  It would do the both of us good if you let me inspect your face.  She beckoned with an outstretched hand as she drew closer.
Adri looked up at her visitor and the blood diverted down her neck and chest.  She recognized the old woman as Oddette who had served the royal family so energetically for so many decades. 
Oddette took Adri's chin in her hand and tilted it until she had a good view of the damage.  Her hazel eyes, framed by numerous wrinkles, were still sharp.  Adri could see Odette was intelligent and that she missed nothing.  Well, with care, it will heal fine.  The swelling will be gone in a few days, Odette deduced, but I cannot promise it won't leave scars.  She frowned.  Adri could discern a concern in her voice.  I gather you did not hear your calling of loyalty to the prince and I am sure he is very unhappy with that.  Adri chose not to say anything.  She knew she could not, of her own volition, give her full loyalty to the Prince but she could not give voice to what she felt. 
Oddette rummaged through the hidden secrets of her apron and brought out a small pouch.  When she opened it, a rotten stench like moldy cheese wrinkled Adri's nose and woke her a bit out of her brooding.  This won't do much for the scarring and it will sting quite a bit, but it will help clot the bleeding.  Adri wondered how the old woman could find humor in the situation but there was a humorous twinkle that shone in Odettes eyes as she said, Maybe then, my Lord's rug would still have a chance to be saved.  She took a scoop of the green, odorous paste from the pouch with her finger and smeared it on Adri's wounds.  Adri could not help but produce a sharp yelp. She gritted her teeth.  There, Oddette finally said, surveying her work after she had finished.  It will dry and crust over.  Do not try to remove it.  It should come off on its own.  It may sting some more from time to time, but it will help keep infection at bay  and do try to stop crying.  Your tears won't help your predicament.
Adri stopped herself  she had caught herself unconsciously trying to touch the putrid concoction.  She did not realize she had tears on her face.  As she was reminded of her sorrow, she struggled to keep the flood waters at bay.  Does it matter?  The prince has declared me a traitor.  I will be executed at his convenience if I do not perform the deed myself.  That, or slowly waste away.
For Adri, Oddettes sympathy was a rare experience so she was unsure how to respond when the old woman said, You don't have to accept that fate, you know.
Adri let her hand fall limply to her side and resignation shone on her face.  I do not understand.  My eyes betray my loyalty or lack of it.   My eyes are turning grey and death is all there is for one such as I.
The old lady surprised Adri yet again when she smiled sympathetically and whispered confidingly, but what if there was more to life than just loyalty to them?
Adri felt her insides lurch at the thought.  I have no use for false hopes, Oddette.  Would that there be even the slightest possibility.
But I do not speak of falsehoods, Oddettes eyes smiled kindly along with her lips this time.  "The time will come soon when you must leave this place, but for now you must survive."


Chapter Four: Campfire Chat

If not for the silver light of the moon and the sparseness of the waking forest, the night would have been pitch black.  Though the mostly bare branches silhouetted in the moonlight gave the place an eerie atmosphere, his older brother still pushed their journey on long after the sun had set.  Something about Estins dark mood, the urgent pace he set, and his wary eyes which constantly scanned the depths of the shadows gave Jorran a sense of foreboding in the pit of his stomach.  Try as he might, he could not shake the feeling.  Of late, tales and rumors of deaths and disappearances from the village gossip would sneak through his defenses.  He had no wish to succumb to the fear-mongering of bored villagers, but his brother's earlier comments and his wary silence as they travelled did nothing to abate his imagination.  
When they finally set-up camp, Jorran decided to speak his mind. Estin, he said as he tied their horses' reins to a nearby branch at the edge of the clearing.  His brother was just returning from collecting wood for their camp fire. There is a question I have always wanted an answer to. His brother gave no reply and continued to arrange the wood in the middle of their small clearing.
At my last attempt to clear up the mystery, mother turned to crying about my leaving to keep from answering my questions. She kept changing topics until she had completely forgotten about what I just asked her.  He unstrapped their packs and continued to rub down the horses.  When he looked over, his brother had the fire started.  I have always wondered.  Mother's eyes are the same as Viyah's and yet for some reason, both of ours are different  even from each other.  Jorran finished with their mounts which snorted their appreciation for the rub down.
You'll get no answer from me, Estin broke his silence as he checked their gear.  Only more questions.
Something was better than nothing, Jorran thought as he turned to feeding the horses as his brother, in turn, fed the fire. Jorran waited for elaboration.
Though not his usual style, Jorran waited patiently for his brother to answer. After a few moments, Estin gave in with a sigh, the dancing firelight adding shadows to the worn look on his face.  Mother seems to have a colorful past that she keeps to herself.  Past the horses and by the light of the fire, Jorran could see Estin's face take on a serious expression..  What I know, and you should know, is that we are family, and we will always be.
Jorran finished with the horses and he turned to arranging their bedrolls.  You say that as if there would be a chance we might not be he said with a chagrined look on his face.
He could clearly see that an annoyed look had passed over Estin's face as he asked defiantly, What does it matter?  What are you unsatisfied with?
Jorran sighed.  It is not with you, or Mother, or Viyah.  He sat down when he finished with the bedrolls and reached over to one of the packs and he took out from its recesses the bread, cheese and smoked meat their mother had prepared for their journey.  It is difficult to explain, he frowned and passed the food to his brother.
Some form of mirth flashed in Estin's eyes and for just a moment, his old cheerful self resurfaced.  I never imagined you to be a romantic, he said, clearing his throat.  Chuckling, he said, "Maybe in the next village we can take a night to find a girl for you so you can release some of your, uh, frustrations."
Jorran threw a twig halfheartedly at his brother, fighting a smile himself.  Never mind.  You're no help, he said.
He glanced at Estin who had finished eating. His brother had begun settling down for the night but then an obvious change seemed to take over his demeanor.  All humor had disappeared quickly from Estins face.  Keep that sword ready.  I hope your musings will occupy you enough to last through your watch so I can get some rest.  Wake me when something happens or when you get too sleepy.  Jorran could not see his brother's face as Estin had turned his back on him, effectively ending their conversation.
When something happens?  Jorran sat musing, once again aware of the looming shadows overhead and around them, just past the warm influence of their camp fire.


Chapter Five: Tortured Dreams

That night was cool and peaceful.  Fresh air and slivers of moonlight peaked through the small, barred window of her dungeon cell.  Somewhere in the corners and dark recesses, she could hear moisture dripping down the ceiling and the walls.  Adri could hear tiny creatures scampering about.  She lay on the floor, broken, battered and breathing shallowly.  Her fine clothes had been replaced with thin, dirty rags and the only thing that remained of the jewelry she had worn in the great hall was the collar about her neck.  The salve Odette had given her was long gone.  It left behind a barely healed wound which was now accompanied by numerous others on her body.
Adri closed her eyes and tried to numb herself to the pain.  She pushed away the sorrowful image of the prince turning her back on her.  She wanted to give in to the void  to shut down and forget the world.  Whatever talk of hope Odette had tried to impart was lost in the night and the depths of her sorrow.  Maybe she could find some peace if only the world would disappear. Gradually Adri's vision drifted and blurred, the sounds slowly faded away, and the darkness crept into her consciousness.

In the distance there was a deep irregular rumbling.  If she listened closely enough she could hear the shrieks and screams of people and monstrous creatures joining in the cacophony.  Adri hid behind a large boulder.  Her left hand clutching her wounded right arm failed to keep the blood from flowing.  Trying to keep panic at bay, she nearly fled again when she heard footsteps nearing her.  All she could do was press herself into a ball and hope she would be small enough to be hidden from whoever was coming.  Suddenly the sound ceased, and she realized it was a just dream but when she opened her eyes she was startled by a pair of ice blue eyes and somehow the chaotic world around her stilled and she could fall asleep in peace.


Chapter Six: Failed Watch

Estin awoke to the tense and chill air.  The horses were quiet but seemed restless and the forest sounds seemed hushed and still.  The moon had gone down the horizon and the only light left to see by was the dying embers of their camp fire.  Jorran had neglected his watch, fallen asleep, and neglected to wake him as well.
He slowly unsheathed his sword as he made his way to his younger brother's sleeping form.  He cupped his hands on his brother's mouth with his free hand.  A startled sound escaped Jorran's mouth before recognition dawned on his face.  Estin grimaced.  They would have been heard easily.  	Suddenly, a large shadow flew towards him and he was quickly pinned to the ground.  The air was pushed forcibly out of his lungs. The embers were underneath him and his right side sizzled.  From the large furry jaws that snapped at him he came to the quick conclusion that it was a large wild cat that he was battling. It bit at him again but something kept it from reaching him.  His reaction was quick enough that he was able to put his blade between himself and the creature and as the wild cat lunged forward, it was impaled halfway down the length of his blade. The closer the creature slid toward him, the deeper it was impaled and soon the creature's growls and snaps abated. Finally, it laid its head on Estins chest and it took one last breath.  Estin was drenched in its blood.  As the blood flowed down, it reached the fire and sizzled, drowning the last remaining ember of their fire underneath him.
Estin spat out a curse in the dark at his brother's carelessness, but quickly stopped himself and fought panic as he realized his brother's silence.  He struggled to rise, but the dead creature on top of him held him firmly in place.  Panting, he searched around him for some kind of leverage, but found none.
He heard flint striking stone and suddenly a bright lantern loomed in front of his face.  Squinting in the bright light, he grunted, Jorry?
No, a soft, feminine voice reached his ears.
She placed the light somewhere behind his head and when his vision cleared enough, Estin saw the creature he had just battled.  He made out an enormous feline jaw, larger than his own head still snarling, its eyes still fiery even in death.  Its teeth were long and sharp and still dripped saliva which was soaking his shirt.  It had stopped breathing, but Estin could smell its stench.  His sword had fortunately impaled the creature through its skull so that it died quickly and unable to reach him with its jaws.
He looked to his left to find a tall and slender form cloaked and dressed in trousers bracing herself against the creature that pinned him to the ground.  He also found a paw as large as his head lying close to his face.  Estin swallowed but his throat was suddenly dry as he realized he had nearly been mauled by a wildcat.
When I say, push with all your might, the woman ordered as she adjusted her quiver and the bow on her back which was nearly to the height of her shoulders.  Ready?
Just hurry, Estin fought to keep more air from being squeezed out of his lungs.  The creature with mottled fur was easily thrice his size and weight.  
Push, she said and Estin tried to push, but the creature only budged a little.  Again, she said, not giving him time to catch his breath.  Estin pushed with all his might and they were able to move the creature a little more.  After a few more attempts, he was free enough so that the woman could pull him out from under the creature.  Finally, Estin braced himself as he put more effort into rising.  He got up with a groan and pulled his sword out of the wild cat, using it as a cane to limp over to where he found his brother lying still on the ground.  Another feline lay near Jorran.  Another arrow had struck the big cat in its left eye.
Estin knelt beside his brother.  He was breathing, but unconscious.  Checking for injuries, he found some blood on the back of his brother's head.  A rock by his head was covered in red.  Jorry, he said quietly as he firmly patted his brothers face. Jorry!  He hissed, but only got a groan in response.
The woman came with her lamp to stand behind Estin and spoke softly.  These were only cubs, she said.  The horses are spooked, but they are still tethered and unharmed.  There is a cottage not too far from here.  We should go before we are found by more of these creatures.
Estin nodded numbly and began the struggle to lift his brother while the stranger went to fetch the horses.  He could hear her speaking softly to them and the horses nickering in response.
The woman arrived with the horses which were surprisingly calm, not at all ready to bolt even with the stench of blood in the air.  She helped load Jorran on one of the horses seemingly without much effort and then proceeded to help Estin onto his.  Estin struggled a little, noticing for the first time his burnt side.
Before he could, the woman took Estin's reigns and mounted behind Jorran.  He watched as, on one hand the woman held the reins while with the other, she extinguished and then put away her lamp.  She steadied Jorran. Just before the light went out Estin glimpsed snow white hair from under her hood.
We must travel in the dark, she said.  I can see well enough and know my way well.  You must trust me to lead your horse.
Estin nodded, held on to the horn of his saddle, and shivered in the cold.  He realized the  creature's blood on his skin and clothes had lost their warmth and were now trying to steal  whatever warmth was left in his body.

<><><>

It was the most frightening ride of his life with dark shadows of branches flying overhead and the forest full of predatory growls and barks.  More than once, an overhanging branch seemed to swoop in over his head until Estin finally decided to hunch over his horse.  Even then tree limbs still seemed to come too close and he flinched every time one snapped less than an inch from his eyes.  He struggled to keep himself from falling, his knuckles now white on his saddle's horn.  He could imagine losing his strength, falling off, and having to fight off creatures much more powerful than he but with their careless pace, they soon outran the eyes that shone eerily in the night and the noise that filled the forest.  Suddenly, the forest was quiet once again but for their horses' hooves and their heavy breathing.  Estin could hear his heart trying to break out of his chest, pounding in urgency as if it was a door that someone needed to open.  Still, the woman kept their hard pace until they reached their destination.
By the time they stopped, their horses were near exhaustion.  Estin too wanted to lie down and let the darkness of sleep take him, but the ride left him tense and high strung.  He thought, It may be a while before he could get some rest.
He stumbled off his horse and looked around him.  There was not much to see in the dark, but they had stopped in front of a small cabin.  He could only make out its outline and what looked like a door on one side.  He watched as the woman entered through the door and returned soon after for his still unconscious brother.
Estin stood by as she pulled Jorran off the horse.  She broke the silence saying, I will take care of your brother; the horses need your help or you may have to walk from here.
Estin was very much concerned for his brother but he was too tired and too numb from exhaustion to think or argue so he set himself to tying the horses to the branch of a nearby tree.  In the sudden silence, his ears had begun to ring.  He realized there was no way to get back to the Watch without incurring his Captains wrath. He wondered what punishment would be meted out even if he ever got back to the Watch in one piece.  He sighed.  He knew he might as well forget about hurrying now.  Besides, he was not even sure he was still in one piece.
The woman returned to help him with the horses and as they tended the horses, Estin tried to peer underneath the hood she still wore but she was careful about hiding her face.  My name is Estin, he said simply, breaking the silence once they finished with the horses, We are grateful for your assistance.  If I could know the name of our rescuer I hope to repay our debt...
From the corner of his eye, he saw her glance briefly at him and he was once again given a peak at her silver hair.  There is no need, she said plainly.  
When the horses were settled, Estin followed the woman and they entered the cabin. The inside of the cabin was warm and already aglow with what was probably the hearth and some candlelight, and the smell of some wonderful concoction.  Estin tried to reach for her arm under the pretext of helping her through the door but she avoided him easily as she reached for the things she had dropped by the cabin door.
Please, he said, I don't even know your face.
She turned to face him fully then but the light from the cabin behind her cast her face in even deeper darkness and Estin could not see her face even at such a close distance.  
She stepped back outside.  You should stay until he is well enough to travel, she said.  A small stream flows behind the cabin.  There are plenty of medicinal herbs, as well.   Take care on the open road.  There is much danger about and the cold north wind may yet decide to return.  He watched as she began walking out of the clearing into the forested area nearby. She said, We may yet meet again, then she entered the foliage and disappeared completely from his sight.
Estin wasnt sure why he was bothered more by the fact that he did not know anything about the woman who rescued him and his brother than by the pain on his side.  With a shrug, he turned away from the spot he had last seen her and returned to the cabin.

<><><>

Looking back the way she came, only a faint pinprick of light was left of the cabin nestled within the shadows of the woods.  If she took another step away, it would completely disappear.  Lyrell hesitated.  She recognized the two young men for who they were and she was torn about what to do.  Her thoughts turned to the message in her possession.  From what she could tell when her paths crossed with the two men, they were headed south to the Capital Emere and not north to the borders where Estin was supposed to be stationed.  She knew the Capital was not a safe place for them to go, but for the moment there was nothing she could do about it.
Turning around, she resumed her journey.  There would be nothing she could do for the two now.  She frowned as she consoled herself by the thought that their paths would likely cross again.


Chapter Seven: Freedom

Adri huddled, shivering in the corner of her cell.  The tattered remains of her clothing could not retain heat; and the damp, cold stones that surrounded her sapped whatever heat her exhausted body could produce.  Somewhere in the dark cell, she could hear little critters scurrying around in search of whatever kitchen refuse the guards had deigned throw into her cell.  With no window to the outside world, there was no way for her to distinguish between day and night.  Her incarceration seemed to be one long nightmare punctuated only by the greater pain and horror of torture.
In the distance, she could hear the sound of footfalls approaching.  The echoes of the heels hitting stonework growing louder as the person approached.  Whoever it was carried a lamp and the light from it reached through the small window of her cell door and grew brighter the closer the person came.  With each step, Adris body twitched in expectation of the likelihood of terrible things awaited her once the door finally opened.
Eventually, she heard the jangle of keys and then her door opened.  Adri tried to burrow further into her arms and curl up, but eventually she felt the chains attached to her collar tighten and once again and she was forced to stand.  She kept her eyes closed as she was led around.  The bright lamp light was a shock to her eyes after so much time in the dark.  She couldnt tell how long she stumbled about and she didnt realize she was being led to a new place until she was left standing in the middle of a room. Instead of being thrown or pushed in, she was led carefully where she would finally stand and the door behind her was not slammed shut but closed quietly.
Oh, my dear! she heard Odettes voice exclaim and she opened her eyes to find the old woman standing in front of her, her face full of concern and care.  Suddenly, the meager store of strength Adri had left seemed to leave her all at once and the world seemed to disappear around her as she fell into an abyss of unconsciousness.

<><><>

The sea had turned into sparkling gold, reflecting the sky as its hue approached burning orange.  The wind from the north still held its chill even so far south of the mountain ranges in the north and to the east.  Adri was shielded from the castle's view by a thick forest behind her.  If her escape went well, she would not be noticed until morning.  Odette said the timing would be perfect. By now the harbors would be full and the capital would be packed with people celebrating the princes succession for some time.  Adri saw the ship drift slowly from the city's vast harbor to her left, its white sails absorbing sunset colors in the far distance.  She thought, it was a strange and lonely sight in the empty waters.  For a moment, she imagined herself diving into the waters to meet it, feeling the air rush past her, breaking the surface of the water and letting it envelop her.  The sense of freedom the thought brought her was exhilarating but she knew that the cliffs just past the harbor led to a sheer drop that fell into sharp rocks below.  She would have to do as she was told.  The slow and treacherous downward climb would take some time but the weather was calm and there was very little wind. The sea itself seemed content to let the day pass peacefully and she would go at that pace.  She looked ahead of her and decided there would be plenty of time to reach the waters.
Adri drew back the hood of her dark cloak and secured a heavy bag to her back.  As the wind blew its caress through her newly cropped hair, she shivered with foreboding.  Her hair had not completely dried from numerous washings, and its dampness did not help keep her warm.  At least the stench from the brown dye was no longer screaming for attention.  Her hair was now shorn short and completely brown.  She was hoping to be mistaken for a boy, but Oddette's sigh of resignation when she finished dyeing and cutting her hair, told her that avoiding close contact with others would be best especially with the gashes, bruises and the peeling ointment that covered most of her body.  Maybe she could pass for a beggar, but no beggar would be smuggled into a ship nor could a beggar attempt to do what she was about to do  break free from the bonds which held her. A particularly observant person could easily note the broken and bruised skin around her neck.  She touched the place where the collar once was and she shuddered at the thought that though the collar was gone, it left behind more than just physical traces.
The cliff looked a mile long yet the climb seemed to end uneventfully and abruptly.   Though there were few foot and handholds, she found them easily and her limbs did not tire even after such a stressful day.  The food Oddette fed her certainly made a difference, but her whole being still felt heavy.  Her body nonetheless was healing faster and she felt stronger.  She climbed strong and true and the earth and her muscles did not betray her.  At the end of her descent, she found a small rowboat tethered to a rock.  Inside, she found the oars and a covered lamp that still had more than adequate oil in it.  She then set to the task of rowing out to sea.
When she was at least a mile away, the sky was already darkening.  The horizon had turned to a dark brick-red.  The ship was drawing close to Adri who reached for the lamp.  She uncovered it and covered it a few times to signal to the ship.  There was light enough for her to see which probably hampered the lamp's visibility, but it would also mean others would not easily spot her unless they were already looking for her.  A lamp out in the open sea in the depths of night would be too obvious, but as yet, it was only dark enough that her signal would not be lost in the shining sunset over the sea.
She did not have to wait long for an answer.  A few twinkles of light shone from the ship's deck.  As the ship drew nearer, Adri pulled her hood over her head, took up her heavy bag; and she watched, and waited.  The ship itself was not the largest vessel she had seen but if she was right, it may well be the fastest.  She could not make out much detail in the twilight, but the sleek lines of the ship's silhouette, its three masts and the lady carved into the masthead were apparent.  Those things confirmed her initial judgment about the ship.  She also guessed the captain's identity.  During the previous king's reign, Oddette had said he was the best captain in the royal navy, but upon the king's death, he took an early retirement and from then on he sailed his own ship.  There was only one captain in Endrin unafraid of eliciting royal anger:  Trenton.
Finally, the ship's dark shadow loomed over Adri's tiny rowboat.  By then there was only enough light to see dark outlines against the sky.  Adri's boat rocked as the wake of the ship reached her.  She rowed as close as she could to the vessel. Ropes thrown down the side of the vessel greeted her arrival.  These she grabbed and tied to the corners of her boat.  Right when she finished, the small craft was heaved out of the water at short intervals.  The shapes of four shadows, accompanied by almost silent grunts from above became obvious against the dusky sky as she drew level to the deck.  She could see the name Karra painted in flowing letters on the side of the ship.  Adri spied a fifth shadow, tall, and lean waiting to the side.  None bothered with greetings and Adri likewise kept her silence.
Adri stepped onto the deck lightly in the eerie silence of the vessel and the four men who hauled her up secured the boat and left without further instruction.  The person made a flourish and an exaggerated bow and Adri saw a flash of white teeth before he beckoned to her, turned and did not wait for her to follow.  Adri heard sails unfurl above her head and the ship creaked to life.  She wondered if she should have trusted the scheming of the old woman, but decided she had no choice but to let herself be led around.  It was not as if she had more pressing matters to attend to.
She was directed to a room.  She guessed from its size and the large windows, that it was the captain's quarters.  The room was not lavishly appointed.  It was actually utilitarian but everything seemed there for a purpose and of good quality.  In contrast, the adjoining room she was led to seemed smaller with no windows.  She thought it was probably the servant's quarters. The man left her in the pitch black of the windowless room.  She had stumbled upon a cot and sat on it.  Moments later, the man returned, and without a word, he tossed blankets onto her lap before closing the door behind him.


Chapter Eight: Shipwreck

Adri awoke to the same silence that had greeted her on boarding of the ship.  Before she had fallen asleep and after they were far enough from the Capital, the ship had seemed to relax and Adri was able to asleep amid the murmurs and creaks of the vessel.  Now, once again, the ship seemed to come under an oppressive tension.
She rose and found a tray of food left for her on a nearby table. Light creeping through the crack under the door was just enough for her to see by.  Eating quickly, she nonetheless was careful not to make any noise.  She finished all too soon and found herself once again in the dark with nothing to do.
Her patience and unease goaded her to act and before long, she tried the door to see if it was locked.  It opened with a click.  The bright sunlight in the outer room blinded her for a second but once her eyes adjusted she looked out through the windows and found the reason for the silence and tension on the ship.  Outside, surrounding the ship as far as she could see, sea creatures in varying sizes, but all larger than their vessel, filled the waters.  Long eel-like bodies covered in shining blue and green shades of scales shone as they moved about slowly and gracefully in the waters. Long spiny fins broke the surface of the water here and there.  Adri was stunned.  It was a breathtaking view.
Adri stepped back near the door to the smaller bedroom, unsure of what to do next.  Suddenly there was a low reverberating noise which shook the sea as the creatures seemed to speak to each other.  Their movements barely rocked the ship, but it was their deep calls that made everything tremble.  She looked behind her and noticed the cup she had drunk from vibrated with the sound and danced on top of the small table.  It made its way to the edge and fell almost to the floor.  She almost missed catching the cup but thankfully, her reflexes were still intact.
Adri was riveted.  She did not notice that a brown haired, broad shouldered man had entered the captain's chambers.  He was aware of her presence, though, and turned from the spectacle to return her gaze.  As he put a finger to his slightly frowning lips to indicate silence, Adri noticed a large scar from one cheek down to his neck.  He waited for Adri to nod her head in answer, gave her an extravagant bow, and strode gracefully and silently to the captain's desk.  Opening a drawer, he produced a sheet of parchment paper, pen and ink then motioned for Adri to come.  From his movements, she knew he was the same man who showed her to her room last night.
On the sheet of paper he slowly wrote with his calloused and scarred hands, Leviathan.  Unexpected.  Journey delayed.  We wait until they pass.  Keep silent.  Don't want attention.  He finished and looked up to see if she understood.
Adri nodded then motioned for the pen.
The man nodded and handed her the pen.  Despite his almost theatrical greetings and movements, his clothing was surprisingly like his quarters: they were simply and practically appointed but the materials and workmanship must still have been costly.
She wrote tentatively, who are you?
He smiled at her, his eyes seemed to radiate with the sea's deep blue and his mouth followed suit as he swept an arm to indicate the room.
Captain?  She mouthed.
He nodded then took the pen from her and wrote, Trenton.
Adri frowned.  He was much, much younger than he ought to have been. She thought: Should not the Captain Trenton she heard of, who had served the late King Jovan, by his celebrated reputation, be much older?
His smile turned mischievous as he realized her dilemma.
He must be the son, then, Adri decided then wrote,  How long do we wait?
He turned to look at the massive creatures just as another round of low toned choruses erupted from the leviathans and Adri had to catch the ink pot before it could fall off.  Trenton turned back to her and could only answer her with a shrug.  Just then, there was a loud thump from the main deck eliciting a silent curse from Trenton's mouth.  He hurried to exit his chambers, remembering to give Adri a stern stay here look and gesture before disappearing behind the door.
Adri looked back at the marvel before her as another wave of low bellows rattled the ship and wondered why the creatures had appeared there.  Their ship must not have journeyed so far from land.  She had only slept overnight and their destination was not to another continent.  They could not have sailed so far from the coast to encounter these creatures and the danger they bring.  She had heard that leviathan sightings only happened when ships ventured too far from land.  Then the stories only spoke of witnessing, at most, a few of these creatures at a time.  No stories ever spoke of an encounter in this magnitude.

<><><>

There it was again that familiar clink, clink, clink. Adri's body shuddered in the dark, damp, cold at the thought of what was soon to come. Clink, clink, clink. The Nightman's boots also joined the echoes, step, step, step.
She closed her eyes and thought of forcing herself to retreat into an iron box where she could be safe occupied her mind.  She needed a place that was more solid and unyielding than the depths of the dungeon she was trapped in. There must be such a place. There must be!  She must not give in to despair but what reason did she have to fight it?
The same ice blue eyes visited her again tonight.  As usual, they looked on her with genuine concern.  Slowly they darkened until they were black and Adri's heart wrenched as they looked on her now with disgust until they disappeared and she was once again left in the dark void.
Clink, clink, clink.
Step, step, step.
Thump, thump, thump.

<><><>

Adri awoke with a start. Her panicked breathing began loudly and it was a few moments before she realized where she was.  She fought valiantly to silence her breathing and to quell the cries that broke from her lips. Trembling violently, she was hunched down on the cot just as in her dream, though it was more like a memory a bad memory from which she could not escape. She forced her body to calm down and she kept herself from sobbing like a little helpless girl.  After a while the numbness returned and her body was once again still.  
Slowly, memory of what had transpired before the horrors of her nightmares came back to her.  Adri remembered how, unable to walk about the ship or to even make a sound because of the gigantic creatures of the sea that surrounded the vessel, she had succumbed to boredom and decided she needed to rest anyway.  She reasoned her escape from the palace was no easy feat but the journey ahead of her would be hard as well so she had fallen asleep.  She realized that it was then that the oppressive torment that that she experienced time and again came to her.  When her guard and her control of emotions, memories and dreams faded away, the nightmares came. 
Adri became aware that the bedding underneath her and the rough blanket on her legs were drenched in her sweat and all of a sudden the tiny room felt suffocating and she just had to get out. The orange light streaming through the sides of the door told her the sun was retiring.
She pulled on the door to leave the room and, thud, thud! The ground under her feet rocked.  If she did not have her hand on the door, she would have crashed against the wall behind her.  If only her pack and whatever was left of her last meal was so fortunate.  The plates that once sat on the table fell with a crash to the floor.
Panicked shouts and cries came from above followed by feet pounding on the ceiling overhead as Adri fought to get through the door.  The floor that continued to tilt underneath her feet made the task difficult.  She reached for the doorframe with one hand just as another round of crashing and creaking sounds reached her ears. She was flung about the room like a rag doll, her body hitting the walls of the small room like a sack of grain.  The door she still held onto swung, slamming her other hand between the door and the doorframe and she was made to release both of her hands because of the pain.  The room kept spinning around her even after she lost her grip on the door. She landed on top of her pack and the side of the cot and the air in her lungs was forced out.
Suddenly, the world became still.  It took some time for Adri's equilibrium to catch up, but when it finally did, the water that had begun to creep into the room was nearly knee high.  She pushed herself up but collapsed when pain jolted her left hand and her ribs.  She hissed and gasped and caught her breath when the water rose up to her chest.  She steeled herself again and put her weight on her other arm, and this time around, she was able to rise.  She grabbed her pack and slung it on her back.  It took some maneuvering to reach the doorway as the ship was askew and water was rushing in.
Captain Trenton's quarters was in shambles.  There were papers, furniture and personal effects everywhere, some floating, others sinking.  The large window in the Captains room was shattered in many places and Adri half-waded, half swam to it.  By the time she reached it, she was already swimming and coming up for air every minute or so.  The part of the glass that had shattered the most was on the far side and thankfully the rest easily gave in to her boots.  She kicked at the glass.  The water made it hard to gain momentum, but the glass and the window frame was already cracking so that a way out opened easily for Adri.  She took a deep, last breath of air as the water reached a mere few inches below the ceiling and plunged herself into the water and through the opening.  The glass and splintered wood scratched at her skin and clothing but did no serious injury.  Once she had kicked away from the ship, she dared to look back.  The leviathan's snakelike bodies were spiraling around the ship, crushing it and dragging it down.
She struggled to reach the surface.  The currents created by the undulating giants made the journey slow and arduous.  At times she would be dragged back by the currents but for the most part, the creatures had stopped making their calls.  What she could hear were her deep breaths, the water lapping around her, the dying ship's creaking, the shouts from the crew escaping with their row boats on the far side of the monsters, and the screams of those dying and left behind.  She had somehow been pushed away from the mass of debris and writhing creatures.  
The sunset was now blazing red behind the silhouette of the sinking ship and made the vessel look as if it had caught on fire as pieces of it sank, dragged into the sea by the creatures.  The Leviathans still surrounded the ship, their movements now cut smoothly and silently in the water.  Ahead of her was what she made out to be an island, and just as she made the decision to swim to the distant shore, a cold, floating body of a portly man bumped into her.  She shuddered at the death and destruction created in such a short span of time.  She told herself firmly, there is nothing left to do but to survive; and she braced herself for the long swim ahead.
Adri looked around her, but any signs of the crew had disappeared and the light of dusk veiled her eyes.  The men must have somehow reached the shore already, at least she hoped. She had no idea where they would have landed if they ever made it to shore.  Adri hurried to the shore nearest her, fearing that she would lose sight of it once the sun disappeared.  It was a long swim.  She tried to ride the waves as much as she could and eventually she felt rocks and silt underneath her.  She pulled herself out of the water.  With the sun gone, the warmth had gone with it.  She shivered.  Adri slumped at the foot of a great tree just off of the beach.  For the moment, the moon was hidden behind thick clouds and when she closed her eyes, she could hear a faint, far off rumbling amidst the constant rise and fall of the waves near her.  The leviathans still gathered together in the far distance.
After a few minutes, Adri rose to her feet.  As the cold was settling in her bones, she decided it would do her no good to stay still even though she was exhausted.  She remembered that according to Oddette, the ship, Karra, had been scheduled to stop for supplies at a port town, possibly north of where she was now stranded.  She hoped it was not too far away and that she could rendezvous with Captain Trenton and his crew there.  That is, if they survived.


Chapter Nine: Search and Rescue

Lyrell wrapped the cloak around herself tightly.  It had turned cold without the sun but now the winds had come and the port town, being so close to the ocean, endured even more frigid winds.  She stood by the docks, just outside the reach of the light of the lamps.  The port town was quiet but there were occasional drunks passing by.  They stumbled, mumbled, and sometimes sang unsteadily through.  Constables, in their brown-trimmed black uniforms, went about their rounds regularly.  With most of the ships at the Capital for the celebrations there, the distant port town saw little activity.
Her silver-hair licked at the edges of her cloak as her eyes searched the docks.  Even as she sharpened her senses, all she could pick up was the tide crashing against the piers, the wood creaking against it its force. She peered through winds and mist whipping the ships anchored at the docks but Captain Trenton's Karra was nowhere to be found.  Her green eyes narrowed.  Unless they ran into some problems, the ship should have been there by now.  
Lyrell turned around, slipped past the shadows of a Constable's post.  She soundlessly flitted past the sleeping town, and she reached a small dirt path leading away from it. When she reached the cliff, she could see the sea-battered bottom of it.  Rocks and craggy outcrops met the foamy sea more than a hundred feet below.  The cold wind whipped her cloak about her, but she stood firmly at the edge, looking at the southern coastline.  On the distant shore on a small peninsula about two miles away, she could distinguish a faint light, probably from a campfire.  With nothing else to go on, she began with a steady lope down the coastline, headed toward the campfire.

<><><>

Overnight, Lyrell reach the peninsula and the sky was beginning to lighten when she first encountered remnants of a shipwreck washed ashore.  Just up ahead in the sand, she could see a large object being battered by the surf.  It was a risk, but she decided to approach it.  Upon closer inspection, she found it was a ship's masthead.  It was once intricately carved, but years of weather and salt water had erased the small details.  Still, the essence of the woman carved into the wood was very much evident.  Even then she had that far away gaze that seemed to search the distance.  Her hair and frock still looked as if they were flowing in the wind; and one of her arms still reached out seeming to beckon to whatever she seemed to yearn for in the horizon.
The Karra, Lyrell mouthed the name silently.  Once, which seemed so long ago, Lyrell met her for the first time in all her glory.  She was the first ship Lyrell ever rode and it was with Jovan that she first boarded the ship at the time when he was yet to be King.  She could almost hear his excitement at their new adventure but now Karra seemed to struggle against the sand and the waves. The elements appeared to insist, with every caress of the ocean, to call her to her doom in the depths of the sea.  The lady of the masthead seemed to reach out for help but she would find none in Lyrell.
A couple of miles west, Lyrell found the sleeping crew's camp.  A couple of sentries had been posted at the edge of it, but their attention and consciousness drifted off with the dying embers of their fire.  Lyrell studied the sleeping forms from the shadows.  The sun had risen enough that she could tell the girl was not among the campers.  She found the captain as well, but she would not make herself known. Lyrell thought for a moment before deciding to search the tree line and the beach north and south of the camp.
The sun had risen fully by the time she found signs of another survivor.  The wind was now beginning to blow ferociously and though the sun had risen, the sky still remained gloomy.  Lyrell was examining some broken twigs and footprints when she felt droplets on her face.  She looked up at the sky as she held up a hand to keep her hood from flying off of her face.  A storm was brewing in the distance. She needed to hurry before it erased all traces of the survivor.


Chapter Ten: Visitors

Jorran opened his eyes and got an impression of wooden beams, the crackle of burning wood, and the whistling of the wind against rafters before the world began spinning uncontrollably and he had a sudden urge to throw up.  After keeping still for a while, the world began to steady itself again.  He must have made a sound because he could hear Estin's chuckling beside him.
Jorran groaned as he slowly sat up, eyes still closed and gingerly cradling his bandaged head.  What happened?  Whats so entertaining?
What happened is, Jorran heard his older brother move about, you did not wake me before you went to sleep.  Estin handed a bowl of porridge to Jorran who struggled to hide the shame that must have shown clearly on his face.
I - I suppose it is a lesson I wont easily forget.
You best not forget. his brother said.  Jorran turned to face his brother fully.  Estin sat on a chair to his right.  He seemed relaxed. He had his arms and legs crossed but Jorran could see that his dark brown eyes were watching him like a hawk.  We were fortunate to have had help this time.
Help?  Jorran took a chance to look about.  It seems his initial vertigo had abated.  They were in a small and sparse one-room cabin.  The entry was to his left and straight ahead of him was the hearth where it looked like Estin was cooking the meal his warm bowl now contained.  To his right were some shelves and the small table, next to which Estin sat.  He looked down at the porridge in his bowl and attempted a spoonful.  Where are we?
He nodded as his brother said, Eat slowly.  Take your time.  That blow to your head knocked you out for a while.  We were attacked by wildcats and we would not have survived were it not for our mysterious benefactor.  Jorran looked up to see his brother lift a hand and make a sweeping gesture to indicate the whole expanse of the room.  She led us to one of the Kings men's rest stops, it seems. 
She? Mysterious benefactor?  Jorran paused, his spoon mid-way between bowl and mouth.  His eyes focused more clearly to see His brothers nod.  For the first time, he noticed his brothers haggard look, blood stained trousers and the bandages covering his torso and right arm.  Will you be all right?  He asked guiltily.
Estin sighed, saying, The blood is not mine. The bandages are only for a few burns.  I will heal just fine.  Jorran could not help but feel guilty though Estin waved off his brothers concern. Suddenly, Jorran realized his brother was looking at him more seriously.  For the moment, you are but my brother, but once we are with the Watch, although it is not as strict as the army, disobeyed orders will not be excused.  Watching the kingdoms borders is not as dangerous as going to war and the army thinks our work is beneath them but we still have to worry about poachers, bandits, and wild animals.  Now we will probably be joining the army so the command will be stricter and life will get even harder for us.  Jorran watched as Estin turned to the table beside him and poured a glass of water from a pitcher.  Jorran accepted the cup from Estin who had proffered it to him with a half-smile.  Jorran noticed that as Estin reached over to hand it to him, he grimaced as his bandages shifted a little with his movements.  After the attack, we fled to this place.  He said, as he settled back into his chair.  She led us to this cabin, but left soon after and has not returned since.  I had thought of leaving as soon as you were in good condition, but the storm outside seems to think more rest and recuperation are in order.
Just then, there was furious pounding on the door.  Jorran wanted to get up but Estin beat him to it, jumping up to open the door.  As he pried it open, a gust of wind and rain blew into the small cabin, disturbing the fire in the hearth.  As Estin disappeared through the door and quickly returned with a limp form in his arms, Jorran spied the short brown hair of the boy Estin carried before he stood to help, but once again the world began to swim and he made his way as well as he could to the chair Estin had been sitting on, almost spilling the food and drink that were in his hands.
Jorry, he heard his older brother say briskly as he lay the newcomer down in front of the hearth, bring that blanket here, I must stoke the fire.
As Jorran more cautiously made his way about, the door opened once again and a cloaked form entered the cabin.  Is this our mysterious benefactor? Jorran thought as the woman hurriedly removed and hung her rain-soaked cloak, revealing her lithe form and long, silver hair.  She carried a bundle of damp firewood in her arms and laid them to dry near the hearth.  Jorran followed her with his eyes as she approached the limp form on the floor but quickly averted his gaze when he realized that she was stripping the clothing off of, not a boy, but another womans body.
The blanket, please, the silver-haired woman said in a commanding tone, hurrying him.
Jorran rushed to oblige and realized the short cut of the girls hair was quite deceiving from afar, but on closer inspection he saw that he was too quick to come to that assumption.  Like a little schoolboy he tried to fight an embarrassing blush from rushing to his face as he handed the blanket over.
"Who is she?"  He heard Estin ask.
"And who are you?"  Jorran asked also.
Lyrell rose to grab a pillow from the cot to place under the other girl's head before leaning back against the wall beside the hearth.  "My name is Lyrell.  She is like me."
"Like you?"  Jorran looked puzzled.
Lyrell's emerald eyes crinkled a little at the corners and her mouth turned up slightly at his confusion.  "She is, what you would call an Immortal." At that moment, Estin stepped between her and Jorran as he handed her a bowl of porridge.  Estin's face held a wry smile as if he was not surprised by this revelation.
"An Immortal?"  Jorran asked, dumfounded.  You mean like the ones in the kings army?
"It is obvious enough from her hair," Jorran heard his brother say.  
Estin put a hand on the brown-haired girls forehead.  She has a high fever, his brother concluded.  Jorry, bring a pitcher of water, please, Estin said as he rummaged through the shelves possibly for a bowl and rags.  Jorran poured water into a bowl and Estin soaked a rag in it before placing the rag on the girls forehead.
A small groan came from the girl and she shifted a little.  It was the first sign they saw that she was still alive.
I dont understand why you tell us this, Jorran heard Estin say to Lyrell.  Jorran decided to sit on the floor next to the girl to ensure that the rag stayed on her forehead.  I must let you know, Estin continued, though you saved our lives, I am of the Watch and my brother will be one of us soon enough.  This is something we are supposed to report.
Lyrell, who had started eating, smiled wryly at Estin.  You might not remember but we have met before.  I suppose you may have been too young to remember.  Jorran could see confusion pass through Estins face.  This would not be the only secret you keep, Estin.  Jorran saw Lyrell glance over his way.  He waited patiently for more information.  When her gaze went back to Estin she said with sincerity, You must decide for yourself what to do, but I must entreat you, at least, to consider the girls plight.  She has escaped from her bondage and has been directed to my care.  I was awaiting her arrival when I found you two instead.  If she is made to return to Emere, she will be tortured before being put to death.
Jorran knew his brother was uncomfortable about the whole thing.  Estin frowned, Is refraining from mention of you the only thing you ask of us?
The crackle of the fireplace and the howling of the wind outside filled the silence until Lyrell answered wearily, perhaps for now.  She put her bowl on the floor beside her and rose to pour herself a glass of water.  After she was done drinking she pulled out a bedroll from one corner of the cabin and unrolled it by the hearth.
Jorran pulled the cot to the hearth for the sleeping girl to lie on it.  With Estins help, they laid her on the cot before they prepared their own bedrolls and settled in for a long night.


Chapter Eleven: Crossroads

Angry black eyes stared her down and a rumbling began in the distance.  Adri chased after prince Kestons back as he walked away.  The rumbling grew louder.  She yelled and screamed and begged but no sound would come out.  She tried to run to him and reach out for him but her body was heavy lead.  Finally, when she was near giving up and when he was almost out of her view, he turned around to stare at her cruelly, his dark gaze tormenting her.  His eyes grew bigger as the rumbling became like thunder.  Suddenly his face disappeared and all but his eyes remained and the loud storm was over her head, battering and slashing her with its winds and thunder strikes.  Within the booming noise she could hear giddy laughter and a clink, clink, clink.  Step. Step. Step.  The burning from her wounds grew hotter and the noise became deafening until she could take the torture no longer.  All the while the eyes looked down on her with scorn.  Finally her voice broke through and she screamed.

Adri opened her eyes in panic, the nightmare still real in her psyche.  She tried to rise and flee but her weak body and the pain from her injuries betrayed her and she lay back down again.  As she panted frantically and the flash of pain began to abate, a mans face with ice blue eyes came into view.  These were not hateful eyes but kind, calm, and a little concerned.  Losing herself in the blue depths, the demands of her nightmare slowly ebbed away and the tears stopped flowing from her eyes.
Hush. Hush.  She heard him say in a soft voice.  The nightmare is over, he said as he placed something cool on her forehead.  It looks like your fever may have broken.  Adri tried to rise again and gave up when the pain in her hand and ribs returned.  The man was kind enough to help her sit up.  He placed a glass of water to her lips and she drank slowly before he helped her lie down again.  You are safe now, he said in his soothing voice, so you must rest and gain back your strength.
Adris eyes felt heavy and they closed despite her wish to know more about the man with the ice blue eyes.  She fell back to a more peaceful sleep devoid of her terrors.

<><><>

Jorran stared down kindly at the girl.  It was the first time he had noticed, but what he could see of her body was covered in numerous scars and bruises.  Many of them looked fresh.  There was a particular one that marred the right side of her face and it seemed that her bruised left hand was one of the reasons she struggled to sit up.  He nearly put up a hand to touch her injuries, but stopped and almost jumped in surprise when he heard Estin speak.
It seems she has experienced a lot of unpleasant things, he rose to check on the girls temperature then produced some bandages he used to wrap her visible injuries in.
What should we do?  Should we leave them here like this?  Jorran asked as he tried to hide his embarrassment and glanced at Lyrells sleeping form. He looked down on the brown haired girl who now seemed to be sleeping peacefully.  I would like to help her if I can.
Estin scratched his head then shook it.  "We have no choice.  I am the Kings man, you soon will be as well and they are the Kings hunted.  He made himself comfortable in his bedroll for sleep, effectively ending their short conversation.
Jorran lay down and stared at the ceiling for some time before dozing off.  The storm outside was battering the small cottage with great force.  The door rattled and the chimney whistled constantly.  His mind was just as restless with all the events of the day and the puzzles of tomorrow to ponder over but at some point exhaustion overtook him and he was able to doze off.

In the meantime, Lyrell smiled to herself.  The boy had the kindness of his father.  She knew she chose well when she decided to leave him with that family.


Chapter Twelve: Blue Eyes

Adri awoke to a hunger and to a parched throat.  She slowly and gingerly sat up and found that she had been lying on a cot in front of a dying hearth.  Feeling clammy and exhausted, her whole body was sore but somehow she had survived the cold and storm and ended up here.  Outside the utilitarian cabin, she could hear voices talking and horses neighing.  She shivered and realized her blanket had fallen to her lap and she was naked underneath.  She wrapped the blanket around herself and weakly turned to the dying embers to try to stoke it but she found she needed more wood to revive it.  Her body betrayed her with its weakness and the pain she experienced, when she moved, was a constant reminder of this.
The cabin's door swung open suddenly and a cold breeze swept through.  Adri stood slowly with the help of the stone bricks of the hearth and turned to face Jorran who was entering with an armful of firewood.
"You're awake," he looked surprised to see her awake, and smiled disarmingly at her.  It looked so genuine and heartfelt Adri, who had not experience sincerity often, stiffened with suspicion.  He placed the wood in the fire, carefully and avoiding staring at her wrapped in but a blanket.  He then rose to help Adri back to the cot.  "Please, sit. You should get as much rest as you can."  But when he reached to touch her shoulders, Adri could not help but flinch just as if he was going to hit her.  She realized he noticed her reaction and she feared for the worst.  Instead, he just looked mildly surprised and understanding.  He said gently, "Please," as he gestured to the cot.  She felt him watch her struggle back to the cot and once she was seated he returned to the fire.
Adri surveyed him warily as he worked, clutching he blanket around her tightly.  The light of the orange flames bounced off of his short blond hair.  When he turned around she was startled by his ice blue eyes.  She had thought those eyes were a dream but, once again, there they were right in front of her.
"My brother and Lyrell went to hunt some game.  His voice echoed through the room.  In the meantime I can warm the leftover porridge." He hung a pot over the flames then went to the other side of the room to pour water in a glass.  He returned and knelt in front of her to offer her the water and she reluctantly accepted, careful to avoid touching him.  "My name is Jorran.  My family and friends call me Jorry.'  You were brought here by a woman named Lyrell who is an Immortal such as yourself.  My brother and I are here because she helped us in our travels, as well."  He seemed to wait for a nod from her so she gave him a weak one.  "What is your name?  How may I call you?  He gave her a small smile.
She swallowed some water and cleared her throat, studying him.  She thought for a second:  He is the one with a bandage on his head, shouldnt he be the one resting? but he acted like whatever injuries he had no longer bothered him.  "I am Adri," she said, looking into his eyes.  Somehow those blue eyes calmed her down and made her feel safe. She had a hard time averting her gaze from them.  It was like looking into two refreshing pools of water on a hot day.
"Adri," Jorran said, as if testing the name and his smile grew into a grin.  He pulled the chair to sit in front of her.  "We know of your situation.  Regrettably, at this point he grew a little uncomfortable, it seems there is little we can do to help you.
Adri studied his face and decided his sincerity was probably authentic.  Still, she was unused to kindness and could not let her guard down even as their conversation continued.

<><><>

Estin laid his last trap.  Walking away, he was careful not to disturb the surrounding vegetation.  Once he was far enough away from what looked like a rabbit run, he went back to the stream and washed his hands of the mud he used to hide his scent as he handled the snares.  He also washed the burns on his side and changed his bandages.  The sun was bright and the sky was clear.  It was still cold, but there was no longer snow on the ground and the color of spring was beginning to take over the landscape this far south from the northern border.
When he was done he went to look for Lyrell and found her with her arrow nocked on her bow, sighting down a duck that was returning north for the summer.  Estin was careful to stay back and watch her from a distance.  They were both downwind of the creature and Lyrell stood patiently with her long, silver hair blowing in the wind.  She was an amazing sight, graceful yet purposeful.  She mentioned last night that they had met previously when he was young.  As he waited, Estin tried to wrack his brain for the information.  It should be easy to remember someone as beautiful as Lyrell especially with those startling green eyes and silver hair but try as he might he found it hard to do so.  Since she was a hunted woman, she probably took great pains to hide those remarkable features.
Distracted by his thoughts, he heard a thump and looked up to see that Lyrell's arrow had cleanly found its mark.  He approached her as she walked back, the arrow she used to kill it had been cleaned and put away.  She walked easily, carrying the bloodied bird by its feet.  Something about her steady gaze reminded him of a single memory in his past.  
He kept pace with her as she walked back toward the cottage.  "When we met before," he said with no preamble. "was that when you left Jorry in my mother's care?"
Lyrell nodded.  "Yes, you were very young then."
Estin frowned.  "I had forgotten Immortals stayed young forever."
"Not forever," she corrected.  "What your people call Immortals are not truly immortal."
"But you will not age the way I will and you can live for a long time," he said in return.  Or so I heard.
She nodded her head as she gracefully navigated through the forest shrubs and jutting branches, "that is correct if the Giver permits.
"If you helped that girl, who is an Immortal, escape from the Capital," he turned to face her with a grave look and he stopped walking, "then what was your cause with Jorry?"
She paused with him and turned to face him as well.  Her features were so young and untainted, but there was a weight behind her gaze and an expression that could only come from time and experience.  One and the same, she answered plainly.
"Is Jorry an Immortal as well?"  He dared to ask as his thoughts raced at these new discoveries.  For so long he had been in the dark and now this person who probably had the answers to all his questions was here and willing to answer them.
"I do not know," she said bluntly and for a second Estin was sorely disappointed.  "He is a halfling, the first of his kind."
"A halfling?"  Estin nearly yelled, incredulous.
"Yes." She said simply.  His mother was my twin.  She died during childbirth.
Estin clenched his fist in frustration and anger, fighting the sudden panic forming in the back of his mind.  He had thought his mother was being cautious in trying to keep her children as far from the Capital as she could, but she probably had not done enough.  Mother did not even warn us, he thought.  What am I to do now?  I do not know how to deal with an Immortal especially not one who is about to join the Kings army.  If he is discovered, he may be doomed to live a life of slavery.  There will be questions about where he has come from and our mother will be found out.
"You asked," Lyrell smiled wryly, "I answered.  You must choose what to do from here on.  If he agrees, he may join the girl on her journey.  Just know this," she said bluntly, "he is still of your blood.  It would not be good if he is recognized for what he is, but neither will it bode well for you if you are found out as well."
Estin froze.  "What do you mean of my blood and if Im found out?
Lyrell's wry smile turned into a frown, "This should have been your mother's responsibility to disclose to you, but I suppose she probably thought it would be best to keep the burden from you.  You were both sons of very important men at the Capital.  He was the son of the departed King Jovan, and you were sired by the King Randol - his bastard son."
Estin searched the woman's steady gaze and closed his eyes for a moment to take control of the turmoil threatening to explode in his head.  He was silent for a while before speaking again.  "So, if you are to be believed, what are we to do to avoid this ruinous fate?"
Lyrell studied him carefully.  She looked at him searchingly, as if judging his worth.  Her critical gaze made Estin uncomfortable, but he tried to hide it in defiance and anger.  "Because of Jorran's coming of age; and because of the news of the Watch being recalled, I was actually on my way to see the two of you.  By chance, I was not able to catch you both before you left your mother's home.  If you decide, you may join Adri and I on our journey to Illoud.
"Illoud?"  Estin asked.  "Is that the place where you came from?"
Lyrell nodded.  I cannot guarantee that you will be safer there.   There was a reason why some of my people jouneyed to this place, she continued but if you stay here, your discovery, especially Jorrans, will be just a matter of time.  You may inform your brother of his choices, but the both of you must decide soon.

<><><>

After a while Estin and Lyrell returned to the cabin.  The duck had been cleaned and prepared, ready to roast in the hearth.  They introduced themselves to Adri who also quietly introduced herself to them.  After checking to see if the girl was doing well, Lyrell asked the men to step outside for a while so that she could help the girl dress.  As the two men left, Jorrans curiosity and Estins brooding thoughts were evident on their faces.  When they were gone, Lyrell began talking.
What has Odette told you about me?  She asked as she brought over Adris clothes.
Adri took her trousers and began dressing slowly.  She was still sore and tired and when Lyrell noticed, she helped Adri bind her ribs.  You used to be an Immortal of King Jovan and somehow you were able to leave the capital and stay out of King Randols reach.  
And how were you able to remove your collar and escape?  Lyrell stared at Adris neck, seeing the scarred and chaffed skin where the collar used to be.
How was yours removed?  She was asked a question in return.
Lyrell could see hints of a haunted look in the girls eyes and she could not completely hide the defeated way in which she stood.  She was fortunate enough not to have endured all that the other had.  Lyrell said plainly, My collar was not real.
Lyrell noticed Adris eyes had grown wide with disbelief. She seemed weak in the knee.  Adri sat on the cot. It was as if the news had knocked her down.  But how can that be? she said, shaking her head.
Lyrell knelt in front of the girl so that they would be face to face, her silver hair flowing gracefully down the sides of her face, framing it perfectly.  King Jovan was a fair king even to those like us.  He saw our kind as equals and worked to make it the same in reality.  I wore a collar but it was for show as his subjects were not ready to accept us the same way."  She gave Adri a few moments to process this information.
Why did you stay with him then if you could have had your freedom? Adri dared to ask.
There was too much work to do, Lyrell smiled wryly, and I had to help King Jovan accomplish his goals.
What goals could he have had that you would want to give up your freedom to help him.  She looked so confused.
He wished for all of us to live equally, she sighed.
"Do you think that is why he died?"  Adri asked quietly, as if she was afraid to say the words.  "It's still hard to believe that someone could be so different," she said, shaking her head, "but your eyes.  They are untroubled and pure."
Lyrell nodded.  Yes, I pledged my loyalty and devoted my life to his cause all on my own accord.
Adris eyes were slowly turning grey, a mark of an Immortal with no clear direction, and Lyrell could see it.  One would not see the change except under close scrutiny.  It was only if someone was looking specifically for the change would they see it.  In contrast, Lyrell's was the exact green eyes that king Jovan had.  Lyrell thought the unspoken conclusion between them: An immortals loyalties are always betrayed by the eyes.
"The other companions," Adri continued, "they had already accepted prince Keston, but their eyes are not pure like yours."
"No.  The results are not the same when one is wrongly compelled.  So tell me," Lyrell asked seriously, "how was your collar removed."
There was fear in Adri's eyes and Lyrell could see she did not want to revisit the past.  Adri closed her eyes for some time as if to hide from the pain of answering the question and when she opened them, she said haltingly, "When I was being tortured, they did it forcibly.  They would then replace it only to remove it once again.  Over and over  Her voice ended in a whisper.  She held her hands tightly on her lap to keep them from trembling.
Lyrell paused to ponder what to say next. She admired the girls courage despite her fear and brokenness.  She had suspected that it was so.  The best way to remove a collar was to do it correctly and carefully.  Even then, there would be plenty of pain and would still leave scars in one's soul and psyche.  Removing them forcibly would do much greater damage.  The collars not only bind Immortals physically, but also bind their souls.  Removing the collar in such a careless manner once is torture.  More than that should be unthinkable.  "What is different now, with you, after the collar was removed?"
"I," Adri was unsure of how to proceed.  When she continued, it was with a shaky voice, "I am not sure.
Lyrell waited and did not press.
It was some time before Adri answered and Lyrell waited very patiently.  "I have dreams, nightmares about them.  It feels as if parts of me were taken away and I feel broken inside."
Lyrell nodded her head again in sympathy.  "I cannot say I know what you are going through, but please let me help you in any way I can."  She paused, thinking.  "It may be that you may still recover with time but it might be worse before it is better so you will need someone to help you deal with it.
Adri nodded her understanding; her shoulders sagged at the thought of accepting the inevitability of such a future.
Lyrell hoped to ease Adris mind by saying, "In the meantime, after a great tragedy, I always find that having a purpose helps me to keep going."
Adri looked lost.  "When I was born, my purpose was to become a king's Immortal.  Though I never accepted it myself, when he rejected me, I lost that purpose.  When I was being tortured my purpose was to escape the pain.  When I escaped, I felt free at first, but now I do not know what to do."
"Shall I give you a purpose, Adri."  Lyrell said quietly and carefully.
Adri didn't know how to answer that so she stayed quiet, waiting.
"You must not breathe a word to a soul," Lyrell said seriously.  "Estin knows, and he may now be telling Jorran."  She looked towards the door.  
Adri nodded.
"This is a grave secret and must be guarded jealously.  If I tell it to you, it would mean that you will have to carry the burden, as well, and it will be so until you meet the Giver or until He deems it time to be revealed."
"I have nothing," Adri said, "nothing but my nightmares that plague me at night and the hope that maybe someday I may escape them.  Any other thing must give me hope and a reason to live."
Lyrell sat on the floor and tried to assess Adri's character before deciding to continue.  "I was not king Jovan's only Immortal.  My twin sister was his, as well.  Her name was Lorianna.  She had the same... privileges as I did and more."
"More?  How can one like us have more?"
"King Jovan, you see, had fallen in love with Lorianna," Lyrell watched Adri's eyes grow wide as she took in this new information.  "And before he died, they had a son.  Their son was Jorran."  She let the information sink in.
"How is it possible?!"  Adri stood up with a start and the sudden movement left her dizzy.  Lyrell could see Adris mind was racing.  Finally, she sat down again and waited for Lyrell to explain.
"I do not know," was all the other could answer.  "When the king learned that my sister was with child and when his health began to fail, he planned for the worst.  When the worst came, I left the capital with Jorran and entrusted him to Estin's family.  We all knew that was the safest thing to do  no one would accept a half-immortal, let alone one that by his very existence could take power away from his father's enemies."
Adri clenched her fists on her lap.  "You tell me this but how does this give my life purpose?"
It was the Giver who brought us all here together.  Besides having skills to protect my nephew, you have some knowledge about us, as well.  If you can stay by his side, you may be able to assist him should the influence of his mother's blood show," Lyrell said with gravity.  "If he decides, he may join us in our journey."
"I have much trouble of my own and from his brother's garb, he is probably a Watchman.  I have just escaped the Capital and there should already be a hunt for me." Adri said, "Can they be trusted?"
Lyrell nodded.  "I believe so.  They have much to gain by staying away from the capital.  I will help all of you to the best of my abilities, but I am only one person who has already lived a long life.  I do not know how much longer the Giver will have need of me."  Her eyes searched the other's with eyes that bellied the years she had lived.  She stood up and shook some dirt and dust from where she sat on the ground and walked over to the meat roasting in the fire and checked to see if it was cooking evenly.  "You look like you are healing well enough.  After a good meal and a nights rest, you will still have pain and discomfort but you will probably be ready to travel once again."  She looked back at Adri.  "The Captain and most of his crew survived the wreck.  I am sure they are determined to find a new vessel and leave before the Crown notices and takes action," she said before opening the door and calling the men to return inside.

<><><>

Estin watched the concern on his brothers face as they left the women to speak.  Jorry was always the kinder and the more sensitive of the two siblings and his concern shown in how he could not take his eyes off the cottage door.  It was as if he wanted to go back inside to help, if it was possible.  Jorry, he said, there is something I must tell you.
Estin waited for Jorran to take his eyes off the door.  He beckoned his brother to follow him to feed the horses.  As they were brushing them down, he asked Jorran, Remember your question about how the three of us, you and I and Viyah, all look different?
Jorran stopped what he was doing and stared at his brother.  Estin did not answer his brothers gaze.  He continued to work on the horses.  When I was very small, I remember it was just mother and I, and one night I woke up to a knock on our door.  Mother opened it to find Lyrell carrying you in her arms.
Jorran stayed silent and Estin had to look back at his brother to see if he had heard.  He was sitting on the ground beside a horse, looking quite lost.  Estin sat across from Jorran.  Finally, Jorran looked up and spoke.  Lyrell?  He looked up at Estin.  Why, Lyrell?
It seems that I am King Randols bastard son and for some reason Lyrell thought you would be safe with mother and I.  Estin kept explaining but had a hard time keeping the bitterness from his voice.
No, wait, what?  Jorry stood and began pacing back and forth in the small space available between the horses.  For the moment the animals ignored him.  You have royal blood?  Then what about Viyah?  And what about me?  Mothers not really my mother? So we are not related?
The tension and the raised voices caused the horses to become uneasy and to paw the ground.   Estin stood up to avoid being trampled.  He could hear panic rising in his brothers voice and he tried to figure out how to calm his brother down.  Grabbing his brothers shoulders firmly, he stopped the younger mans pacing and looked at him sternly in his eyes.  We are still family.  We will always be family.  By blood you are my cousin, but mother will always be your mother, Viyah will always be your sister, and I will always be your brother.
Jorran nodded and his nervous energy deflated.  He sat down again and Estin followed him.  Scratching his head and with a wan smile on his face he said, Cousin?  If youre a son of the king, then Im wow!
The son of the former king, Estin nodded.
 and Viyah?
Probably just like me, Estin rubbed his face with his hands.  You wouldnt know it by looking at her, but mother seems to have had a colorful past.
Jorrans smile grew into half of one probably remembering their mother and her personality.  A colorful past just didn't seem to fit.
There is more, Estin frowned.  He looked at his brother as he crossed his arms.
More?  There was a look of incredulity on Jorrans face.  What more could there be?
It took Estin a moment before he was able to say it.  Your birth mother was an Immortal under King Jovan.  She was Lyrells twin sister.
Jorran groaned and buried his head in his hands, shaking his head.  One big, happy family...  Dont tell me we are also somehow related to Adri.
Estin shook his head.  Lyrell mentioned nothing about that.
Estin could see Jorran had buried his head in his hands.  So what are we to do now? He asked, peering through his fingers.
Lyrell has given us a choice to join them on their journey to Illoud or whatever else we decide.  They leave as soon as possible, so there will be no time to see mother and Viyah before we leave the continent.
Illoud? Where is that and why are they going there?  Jorran still had his hands on his face.
I thought it was just a rumor before, Estin said with a serious face, but Lyrell confirmed that it is where Immortals come from.
What should we do?  Jorran asked his brother.  For a moment Jorran's expression reminded Estin of when Jorran, still a small child, had finally come home after being lost for some time.
I will help you with whatever you decide, he said, his eyes looking tired and his face more worn than it should be at his age.


Chapter Thirteen: More Information

After a few days of recovery, Jorran's head healed more and more.  He was no longer plagued by dizzy spells and headaches rarely bothered him.  Unfortunately, days on the saddle left him sore and he walked bow legged every time he dismounted.  His arms and the rest of his body were no better.  Estin had taken to teaching him with fervor all he knew about the sword and the art of fighting.  It was as if he wished Jorran could become an expert overnight.  Of course, days of training were barely an introduction and though his brother voiced no complaints, it was obvious to him that his embarrassing lack of skill, was causing Estin some frustration, the closer they came to the end of their travels.
Since they left the cabin, the two women they traveled with kept silent most of the time.  Jorran had so many questions but he did not know how to ask them.  When they had told him of his family's heritage, he was greatly shocked.  It was no wonder that his mother had never told him any of this.  He had imagined that maybe he had been abandoned by common folk unable to take care of him or maybe that his mother had some kind of romance with a wayward traveler, but this newfound knowledge topped the cake.  He was tempted to laugh at the ridiculousness of the story but Lyrell and his brother looked at him with such grave expressions, he decided to refrain from it.  The girl, Adri, avoided his gaze and kept to herself.  Maybe she sensed he needed time to digest all the new things he recently learned about who he was.
On this particular night the four made camp a little way off the road, still hidden from other travelers within the trees.  The sky was clear compared to the stormy weather a few days ago. It gave way to a star-filled sky and a bright half moon.  The sounds of the forest creatures were present and seemed to take no exception to their presence.  A small campfire burned brightly while the two brothers stood facing each other a little ways away from the horses and their belongings.  Adri was searching for more firewood while Lyrell was off to check ahead for their journey.
Jorran attempted to parry another swing from his brother but he lost the grip on his blade and it went flying off into a nearby bush.  "Ow!"  Jorran tried to shake away the pain from his sword hand.  His brother had somehow changed the direction of his swing to give Jorran a sharp slap on the back of his hand with the flat of his blade.  This time Jorran looked up to see a look of disappointment on his brother's face.
"Get your sword.  You have first watch," Estin ordered him with no apology and began to settle down for the night.
Jorran sighed as he fished through the bush for his sword.  Once he found it, he sat himself facing away from the fire and began to clean and sharpen his blade carefully with a whetstone like his brother taught him.  As he passed the time, Jorran wondered about his brother's recent temperament.  Estin probably just wanted to prepare him for the future and was himself probably troubled by the new revelations.  With each passing day, there just seemed to be a sense of urgency and tension in his manner.  He seemed like an entirely different person.
Adri returned with firewood and placed them a few feet away from the burning logs.  She sat down and began stoking the fire.
Jorran turned to her.  How are you?  He asked her kindly.  It seems that her wounds had healed unnaturally fast, but the scars remained.
She jumped a little at his question like a skittish animal.  Jorran supposed the reaction was not so surprising considering her condition when they first met and how Jorran had been all too consumed with his own problems the days following their first meeting.
Jorran scratched his head in chagrin.  I - I dont mean to frighten you, he said quickly.  You dont need to answer if you feel uncomfortable.  It seems you are doing much better than before.  At least, well, I hope you are.  She just stared back at him like she could not understand what he was trying to say.  Jorran could feel his cheeks heating up as he struggled to keep from embarrassing himself any further.  Anyway, if there is anything, anything I could do or
He heard a rustling at the edge of the camp behind him.  Standing up, he turned and held his sword at the ready. He relaxed visibly and returned to his seat when he saw that it was only Lyrell.  To his chagrin, Jorran turned to see Adri take the chance to escape his offer of a conversation.  She had gone straight for her bedroll.
Lyrell gave him a nod before sitting by the fire and taking some dried meat and water from the pack she carried.
Any news?  Jorran asked the Immortal.
She took a second to swallow some more food and water before answering.  Captain Trenton has purchased and refitted a new ship.  We leave as soon as we are able.  She resumed her eating.  Just when Jorran thought everyone wished to avoid him, she looked back up at him with gentle but sad smile on her face.  You remind me of them, she said.
Who?  My parents?  He jumped at the opportunity to converse.
She nodded.  I can see both of them in you.  She looked him over.  Lorys gentle eyes, your fathers smile
My mothers name was Lory?  Jorran asked, wide eyed.
Lorianna, she smiled.  Lory to the ones closest to her.
Did Did my mother look like you?  He asked, looking down at the sword on his lap.
She nodded.  Lory and I were identical twins.  We looked the same but our personalities were very different.
My family and friends call me Jorry.  Jorran tried to picture another woman who looked like Lyrell but with blue eyes and sadly he felt unable to make a personal connection.
They picked your name before you were born.  Somehow Lory believed you would be a boy and they were right.
What were they like?  Jorran asked eagerly.
Lory was quiet but full of life and light which is why your father fell in love with her.  Your father was very humorous, strong but very kind-hearted.  She frowned.  It was probably why others thought he was weak and they took advantage of him.  She looked at Jorran with a serious face.  Your parents loved you very much, but they knew their happiness would not last.  They did what they could for your future but everything was against them.  Jorran saw how her face filled with sadness before she turned away.
I know my mother died because I was born, he began after a few moments of silence, looking down at his hands, but how about my father?
Lyrell did not offer any sympathy.  Your father died at about the same time, but I do not know the cause, Lyrell answered with her back still turned towards him. I suspect he did not die from natural causes.  She put her things away and got ready to sleep for the night and left Jorran to mull over the new information.


Chapter Fourteen: Celebrations

King Randol sat at the head of a table that stretched from one end of the long dining hall to the other.  To his right sat his son, Keston whose eyes were nearly all grey now just as his two Immortals, who stood behind him like statues in their white dresses, had taken on his black eyes.  The prince chatted with the dignitaries and politicians around him with ease, charming them with such natural flair; and they all fell prey to his easy smile and seemingly genteel nature.  To Randols left sat his wife, the queen Akanna.  Looking at her, one could easily see from whom her son inherited his political skills.  Though she was a little shorter and her hair was a little lighter, they both had the looks and personality that effortlessly drew people in. They also both hid the cunning ambition that only the closest to them, or those receiving the unfortunate consequences of their acquaintance, could discern.
The king sat in his large seat, swirling the wine in his golden and bejeweled goblet and staring into its depths as if it could give him a way out of his ironic predicament.  Though he officially ruled as the king of such a powerful kingdom, in actuality, he sat deflated and defeated at the head of his table.
Randol watched disinterestedly as jugglers, musicians, and jesters entered to entertain the royalty.  Lastly, the main attraction was announced and everyone clapped and waited in anticipation.
A woman entered, led by a long chain that attached to the collar around her neck.  On the other end was her keeper, the Royal Trainer.  He led her until she stood near the foot of the table.  Her stance was very graceful and dignified but even from a distance Randol could see that her eyes were pained and fearful.  The music began then, a slow and eerily beautiful tune that came from the orchestra and the woman began dancing.  As her body turned and swayed, fire slowly began to form in the palm of her hands and it slowly spread to envelop them.  The way she twirled around created beautiful streaks of golden light in the air.  Gradually, the fire spread to cover her arms and her feet became engulfed in flames, as well.  By this time, tears were flowing steadily from her face and she was openly weeping from the pain.  When the flames spread all throughout her legs and torso, her hands and feet had grown blisters and when the flames reached her face and hair, her tears disappeared when they turned into steam.  Her facial expression betrayed a silent scream of pain and it was only moments later when she collapsed in a heap and the flames disappeared with her consciousness.
Randol heard a man sitting near the Queen say, Oh my! as everyone clapped their appreciation and the Royal Trainer, pride evident in his face, bowed to his audience, that was certainly enchanting.  I hope to see more of that before she expires.
Oh, why, yes, of course, Randol heard his wife say with pride.  He turned to see his wife smile warmly at the ambassador from Korros.  Our Royal Trainer has made such advancements, she said as servants doused the Immortal with buckets of water and hauled the woman away.  Before him, they would become useless so quickly.  Do not fret, Ambassador, you will see more of such performances during your stay with us.  We are determined to make you feel at ease, at home, and thoroughly entertained, she assured him wholeheartedly.
Randol decided that he had had enough.  He could not down the wine set before him in front of so many people but in his own private study, he had a cabinet full of liquor and a chaise that called to him urgently and he was determined to lose himself in his favorite intoxicants until he could be numb to the world around him.
He stood, and the rest of the entourage stood with him in respect. He left the hall with no word of farewell.  He could hear the queen skillfully calling for more entertainment and drinks to distract her audience from him before the door behind him shut.

<><><>

Randol awoke when the door to his study opened.  Thankfully his eyes were still shut. Still, they hurt like mad when the Queen ordered the drapes to be drawn open to let sunlight in.  He groaned, shielding his eyes from the sudden brightness and tried to wish himself back to slumber so that the pain in his head would go away.
My King, he opened his eyes for a second to see Akanna sit on the couch across from the chaise he had passed out on.  Her voice was as sweet as honey.  Today is the commencement of the games and we must be there with our son to present the contenders and bestow our blessings upon them.  Sometimes it was too easy to forget that he hated her.  She could turn on her charms so easily, but lately all he had to do was to remind himself to see how condescendingly she looked down on him.  Here, she said as a servant scampered in to lay a tray on the table near his chaise.  This should help you feel better.
Randol sat up on the chaise, still cradling his aching head and covering his eyes with his hands.  Leave, he commanded with as much composure as he could manage.  He wanted to be left entirely alone, but Akanna left him with the servants instead who helped him prepare for the day.  Reaching for the tonic that was left for him, he hesitated for a second.  He thought: If I knew what kind of person she was before I met her, I probably would not have allowed her anywhere near my kingdom, much less let her serve me a drink, but what do I care?  If this drink became my last, then my misery would be over, but no, Akanna would never give me a quick death.  That would cause too much suspicion.  She must remain perfect and pure in everyones eyes except maybe in the eyes of her victims.
He took a swig of the foul, burning tonic and submitted himself to the mercy of the servants.


Chapter Fifteen: Rebuilding

Trenton screamed profanities at the shipwrights he had hired to surgically attach the masthead from Karra onto the new ship he purchased.  They were doing a clumsy job of it and they were slow at best.  The lady looked as if she reached out to him for help as she was wobbly hoisted and attached to the ship.
Captain, his bosun reached his side and saluted loosely.  Trenton nearly yelled at him in his anger but somehow he only seethed.  The crew reports some sightings of some of our equipment and cargo along the coastline.  They are working to recover as much as they can, but there have been conflicts with local scavengers.
Get my blasted cargo back, Donn, and find some bloody storage for them.  It looks like these confounded shipwrights will be taking their bloody time.  The captain gritted his teeth.  He normally hated being landlocked.  Losing Karra and waiting on this new boat to be retrofitted put him in the worst mood.
Captain, it looks like some of the men have returned with something. Donn pointed at two men carrying one chest and another four carrying another.  Recognizing the chests, he quickly ordered them to bring it to the Captains quarters in the new ship and he and Trenton followed behind.  Once inside, they ordered the men to get back to their search so that they could examine the chests in privacy.
Looks like they are relatively untouched, Trenton said, pleased.  He brought out some keys to open the locks; the heavier of the two contained coins and jewels.  Good, he said after a quick look and locked the chest again.  Then he turned his attention to the second chest.  It contained books and parchment.  Trenton picked one up and read the beginning of it.  It was a missive from the King to someone probably of high importance.  He nodded in approval at their condition.  He had paid a good amount of coin for this chest and its quality was certainly well worth the price.  Donn, he turned to his bosun, I leave the men and my ship to you.  Bring me food and refreshments and post your most trustworthy at my door.  When the men rest for the night, return here for we have a lot of work to do.


Chapter Sixteen: Meetings

After a long day of ceremonies and entertaining, and after her dear husband drank enough to once again lose consciousness in his study, Akanna sat in her sitting room.  A servant brought in a tray filled with tea and small delicacies to go with it while another brought in a stack of official letters with her writing box.  She went through each missive before penning a few replies.  She finished in time for a knock on her door.
"Open," she said as she motioned for the letters and her writing box to be put away by a servant.
"Your Highness," said the servant, entering and bowing by the doorway, "Ambassador Senn of Korros."
"Send him in," she composed herself.
"Your Highness," Senn entered the room, bowing.
Akanna inwardly frowned in disgust at the man's short and unkempt stature.  She was more than enraged when this man had first entered her court.  His appearance alone let her know Korros was not taking her seriously.  None of these showed on her face, though, as she graciously offered the ambassador a seat across from her along with refreshments.  Though they were not on her side now, eventually, she would decide for them whether or not they wanted to be on her side.  As the servant poured more tea, Akanna spoke, "have you enjoyed the spring celebrations, Ambassador?  I hope the entertainment did not disappoint."
The man nodded as he sipped his tea and stuffed his face with some cookies.  "Oh, certainly, Your Highness, it has certainly been a wondrous stay for me."  He nodded vigorously, and Akanna had to stifle a grimace as she saw some crumbs fly off his face.  "My favorites were the games and the flame dancing.  That was most magical."
"When do you plan to return to your home country, Ambassador?" Akanna asked.
"I am sad to say I am due to depart tomorrow," he said with a pout.  "Your Highness, I have thoroughly enjoyed myself in your presence and will certainly miss it."
Akanna nodded and had to force herself to sound sincere and give a pleasant smile.  "It has been our pleasure to show you the hospitality of our kingdom.  We have prepared gifts and greetings for you to take back for yourself and for your Leaders."  She motioned to her servant who presented a few wrapped gifts and a letter to the ambassador.  "The rest will be prepared in time for your journey home.  Goodnight to you, Ambassador," she gave him a gracious nod as he bowed awkwardly his farewell and left.

<><><>

As Senn walked down the hall, he flourished another clumsy bow to the Prince and the General who were headed the other way.  They ignored his presence with serious looks on their faces.  The prince entered first and the General awaited his summons outside the doors.  Senn itched to learn the reason for their late night visit.  He wanted to turn his head to see what was going on but decided it would only cause suspicion as there were guards on post and servants milling around.  Knowing would have to wait.  The news will reach him soon enough.

<><><>

Behind the door, Queen Akanna seethed.  "Why did this take so long to discover?!"
Her son shrugged nonchalantly as Akanna paced the room frantically back and forth.  "The celebrations, mother  and the games.  We were all very occupied and the dungeon guards in charge were too afraid of your wrath to report it."
The woman stopped in her tracks to glare at her incompetent son.  "Do you know what damage that creature could do to us, to our plans?"
Keston picked up a cookie, started nibbling on it as he sat on the couch.  "The guards that stayed have been executed and replaced, the sheriffs have been informed about the runaways and all the places they could be are being searched as inconspicuously as possible...  There is nothing more that we could do, mother.  What damage can one girl do to us?  He flicked a crumb off of one sleeve.
Akanna sat down across from her son.  She closed her eyes for a moment until her anger ebbed.  Once it was all tucked away, she looked at her son with composed, cold and calculating eyes.  "Go and rest, have the general enter on your way out."  There were no good nights, just a cold dismissal.
Her son, who usually could care less, seemed a angered by her demeanor and left without speaking a word himself.

<><><>

Senn entered his guest suit.  He sat down at a desk and pulled out some letters from inside his coat including the one from the queen.  He read through them carefully, scoffing at the queens flowery words, and frowning at the other, much less official looking letters.
After reading through them, he walked over to the fireplace and burned them, making sure only ashes were left behind.
Bell, he called out for his assistant.
She entered his room and bowed deeply and precisely.
We must return quickly.  The seas will soon become unsafe.  He was still staring at the flames, deep in thought, as his assistant left the room.


Chapter Seventeen: Late Night Visit

Trenton was at his desk, pouring through the documents spread haphazardly across his desk.  A single book, containing his notes lay in front of him as he contemplated the information before him.  He was about to give up for the night when there was a knock on his door and he heard Donn's voice.  His bosun entered quickly, shut the door, and said simply, "Sheriff."
The two men scrambled to hide the paperwork in a hidden compartment under the floorboards and by the time the Queen's men entered, they looked like they were sipping tea and charting their journey back to the capital.
"Sheriff," Trenton and Donn stood.  "To what do I owe the pleasure," he said with his most dashing smile on his face.
"Captain," the man nodded back with a frown on his face as his eyes searched the room and his men went about physically looking for suspicious items.  "I had word that you recently lost a vessel."
"Yes," Trenton sighed.  "Leviathans.  Who knew!"
"You expect me to believe that?" His frown grew deeper.
"You may send your men to check the wreckage and interview my men if you wish," Trenton shrugged, "though I surmise you are doing so now.  I lost a good amount of cargo and profit because of those creatures."  He smiled in an unfriendly manner.  "Is there something in particular you are searching for?  What I have on my ship at this point is mostly what we could salvage from my departed Karra."
"That is to be determined, Trenton," he said. "Your history calls for a healthy amount of suspicion."
"Ah, yes."  Trenton kept his eye on the sheriff while Donn kept his eye on the lackeys who somehow still made a mess of what little they had in the new ship.  The bosun kept his hand warily on the cutlass strapped to his waist.
When the sheriff and his men were done with the room, they stood staring at Trenton and Donn until another of the sheriff's men stepped inside.  The man shook his head in the negative at the sheriff.  It looked like they found nothing as what was to be expected.
"Well," the king's man said, "we will depart for now."  He nodded to his men to signal their leave.  "Another time, Captain," he gave a nod of farewell, the frown never leaving his face, before he departed himself.
Trenton sent Donn to check on the ship and his men as he contemplated his next move.


Chapter Eighteen: Escape

The night was clear and would have been quiet except they nearly walked in on the Kings men searching the docks.  Lyrell's instincts and caution saved them.  She decided they all needed to hide in the shadows of the tree line even before they saw the Kings men.  They made much ruckus going about their search, waking men from their slumber, and searching them, the ships and their cargo. 
"What now?" asked Estin, eying the docks and looking tense.
"We must get on that ship," Lyrell said pointing to one north of them.  "that one with the lady on its prow."  She did not like all of them being in danger of discovery.  The sooner they could leave, the better.
"Is it even ready to depart?"  Estin examined it from afar and saw that it still had scaffolding on its side.
"Yes," Lyrell said as she watched men enter the ship.  "I went to speak with the captain before returning to get you.  He has kept it on for show.  It seems the queen has finally noticed your absence," she looked at Adri who had remained quiet for most of their journey.  The noisiest she had been was during her sleep when she was having her nightmares.
Lyrell could tell Adris hands had started to tremble and she was struggling to keep it from showing.  She noticed Jorran observing Adri with concern as well.  "How do we get on the ship?"  He asked.
"We must wait it out."  Estin determined.  "They will tire of searching eventually."
"No," Lyrell said.  "We cannot wait too long.  The captain has determined that the Capital is amassing a force to invade Illoud sometime after the spring celebrations have ended."
"Which should be around this time," Lyrell could see Estin frown.  He turned to her with an angry look.  How can Illoud be safer than Endrin if it will soon be invaded?
It probably will not be, Lyrell said bluntly, but it may be preferable to hiding and running for the rest of our lives.  At least, there we may find help when we need it and the Queen's influence there will not be absolute.  She studied each of their faces.  You may leave if you choose so.  When none of them said anything, she continued, Captain Trentons ships are usually fast, but we do not know what will happen once we reach Illoud."  Lyrell started walking back into the forest where they left their mounts and the rest followed.  "Adri," she turned to the girl.  "Do you remember the way you left the capital?"
Adri nodded, wide eyed.
"The captain has planned something similar just in case," she said as she grabbed things from her horse.  "Only take what is essential and nothing cumbersome."  Looking at the starlit sky and the bright moon she said, "We climb down a cliff three miles north of here and row out to sea.

<><><>

They reached the edge of the cliff.  Jorran looked down and quickly reeled back.  The height caused him to experience vertigo.  It was night but the moon and starlight clearly showed him the rocks amid the surf a great distance below.  He looked at Lyrell who was looking back at him.  He did not bother to hide his discomfort at the prospect of what was a treacherous descent.  He noticed that Estin himself had a fierce and disapproving frown on his face.
There, Lyrell pointed down the steep precipice.  Captain Trenton has left us a boat.  We must get to it and row out to sea where we meet up with him.  She then turned around and began searching around nearby a bush.  Jorran could make out a large pack which Lyrell hauled to the edge of the cliff. Inside was a long piece of rope which she took out before handing the pack to Adri for her to carry.
Jorran helped her unwind the rope until Lyrell said, This will have to do, and she began tying them all to it.
There is just a bit of slack between each of us but can we still get down safely?  Jorran asked.
There is not enough to anchor us to the top of the cliff.  Lyrell told him.  Jorran did not want to conclude anything from what she said, as it would mean he would be even more anxious about the going down the cliff than he was already.
Adri descended first, and Estin followed, then Jorran and lastly, Lyrell.  Jorran quickly realized, the rock and dirt they clung onto crumbled a little each time they moved which heightened his fears.  It made their climb slow and arduous.  The sea winds were no help either, he felt like the wind could just carry him off the cliff.  Adri and Lyrell seemed to find hand and footholds effortlessly, but Jorran and Estin had more trouble.
Jorran grunted as he chose a wrong foothold.  He placed his right foot on a rock and it held his weight, but once he lifted his other leg to step down, it gave in and suddenly he was barely clinging to the cliff with his bare hands, the wind rocking him back and forth.
You alright, Jorry?  He could hear Estin calling out just below him.
Im barely hanging on! He cried out in a strained voice.  He tried to get his feet back on the wall but could not find purchase.  
Hold on, He heard Adri from way below.  Dont move.  He did not hear her climb up.  Jorrans arms were beginning to burn and panic began to creep in when she spoke again, her voice sounding much closer this time.  She had reached a spot to his right so that her left shoulder was near his knees.  Just as he was about to let go, she said, Place your feet on my shoulder.
He did as he was told, hearing Adri brace herself against his weight.  It seemed as if he took forever to find a foothold for his left foot and then another for his right.  Adri sighed with relief once the weight was lifted from her.  They took a moment to rest and catch their breath.
Okay.  Jorran yelled out.  Im good!
They resumed their trek down, Jorran with greater care this time.  None of them complained when they were showered with dirt from above.  Eventually, they began to feel mist from the ocean spray below and they were able to climb over to a dinghy tied to a pike driven into a big rock at the bottom of the cliff.  Whoever had tethered the boat made sure there was plenty of padding around its hull.  Thankfully the waves were not strong enough that night to smash the boat to pieces.  Though they still had difficulty rowing out to sea, they eventually made it so that they could see the port with its dim lantern lights to the east.

<><><>

Trenton signaled and his men went ahead quietly with their plan.  He had received word that his men spotted some of the Constables snoozing some time ago and he decided that the time had come for them to cast off.  The stars still lit the sky but the moon was setting so that the darkness provided cover for their actions.  He instructed his men to break the ship from port by what little light they had left from the sky and the few lamps on the dock, and to work as much as they could in the shadows.  His crew was loyal to him so he knew they would try their best to guide the ship out to sea as slowly and as silently as they could.  Once they were far enough from the docks and the lamplight, and once the moon had completely set, Trenton signaled to Donn to direct the men to unfurl the sails.  The captain kept himself from wincing as the sails made some noise when they had come unfurled and caught wind.  He could sense they all held their breaths and for a time, the only noise that could be heard was the creaking of the ship and the water below.
When they were nearly out of the Harbor, Trenton looked back toward land and saw new pinpricks of light coming to life and moving about as the constables came to alert.  Their departure had finally been noticed.  The captain cursed under his breath and Donn began furiously signaling to the men. The men still kept from shouting at each other but now were less careful about their movements as they rushed about the ship.
"Captain," Trenton saw his bosun rushing to his side.  "The boat has been spotted.
Trenton nodded.  Signal the men to slow when we are close enough.  He hoped that the bribe he gave the few other ships that were docked would be enough for those ships to refuse the Kings men the use of their boats, or at the very least, go about their business slowly as the Sheriff and his men were probably trying to commandeer one of those boats.  He knew the Sheriff would eventually turn to row boats.  There were plenty of whale boats and prams in the harbor that they could appropriate and the harbor was small enough that they would catch up quickly especially when, as planned, the new Karra would stop to load more passengers.
By the time they reached Lyrell's boat, the Sheriff and his men had definitely done what Trenton had expected and were closing in on their location.  The crew threw down a rope ladder.  The girl Immortal he had met before was first to come up and was followed by a young man who looked down to try to help the next passenger's climb up.
Trenton heard the boy yell to the remaining passengers of the dinghy.
"Captain!"  He heard one of his lookouts yelled.  "Small crafts astern!"
Trenton spotted several boats by their lamplights.  They were coming down fast and soon they would be right on top of them.  They were getting too close.

<><><>

Jorran yelled again in frustration at his brother.  "Estin!  Climb up!"
Estin shook his head.  His face was grim and he turned to yell for Lyrell to go but was instead knocked down into the bottom of the boat.  Jorran could barely make out what was going on but he thought an arrow had hit his brother on the shoulder but he still could see Lyrell clearly.  Lyrell glance to see that Estin was still on the boat and concentrated on their pursuers.  She turned and returned fire herself.  She aimed for the lamps on the pursuing boats and with expert precision, knocked some out of the men's hands and into the water while the rest shattered and set the men and their water crafts on fire.  Yells of confusion and the burning men's screams filled the night.
"Estin!"  Jorran yelled again, unable to do anything to help.  There were still a few enemy boats left to pursue them with several men in each. The men on the ship they had rendezvoused with had begun to shoot arrows at the pursuers but the distance between their ship and his brother's boat was growing.  Jorran looked up to see the captain yelling at his crew and the seamen to unfurl the sails and raise the anchor more quickly and he began to panic.  He could see the Sheriff and what was left of his crew were rapidly approaching his brother and Lyrell.  He looked again and realized more boats were approaching from shore.  He ran up to the captain who stood at the helm and pleaded to turn the ship back.  "They need our help.  They will soon be overwhelmed!" but the captain would not listen to him and instead yelled out for his bosun to do something about Jorran.  Suddenly, Jorran realized all he could do was stare up at the starry sky and the sails and rigging above him from the deck of the ship.  He couldn't move his body, his mind felt fuzzy, and there was an insistent pain in the back of his head.
"Sorry, kid," He heard Trenton say as he signaled his men to do his bidding.  "Nothing more we can do for them."  
Jorran screamed his brothers name as loudly as he could but only a croak left his throat, Estin! He felt himself being dragged on the ground and into the ship. He struggled against the men who were trying to move him but the world only spun around him, causing him to empty the contents of his stomach on himself just before the world became black and the sounds around him disappeared.

<><><>

Adri stood at the back of the ship looking out toward where she thought Lyrell was.  They were far enough away now that she could see very little detail.  The boat fires looked like bonfires from afar and the screams she could hear were so distant.  Lyrell was too far to see.  Eventually, the fires went out quickly one by one.  The bigger fires shrunk until the only things left were what were burned into Adris eyes.  The moment of horror when she saw Lyrell and Estin last was etched permanently in her mind.  It was the same instant when she came to the conclusion there was no help for them.   
The lamps on their ship unexplainably went dark as well.  The moon had set some time ago and the stars suddenly seemed dimmed.  They sailed in pitch black.  All that her senses could pick up were far off screams and the sounds of the ship and the water around them.  Adri strained her eyes for any details in the distance until she spotted a small, white light that began where she thought Lyrell should have been.  It grew rapidly and began searing her eyes, forcing her to close them.  She could hear confusion and panic now all around the ship.  The light pushed itself past her eyelids and she had to cover her eyes with her hands.  Then suddenly it was gone.  The lights after-image was still messing with her vision when she opened them but when her vision cleared completely, everything remained dark and all she could hear was their ship passing through the ocean waters.

###END###


About the Author

A. G. Kim was born in the Philippines.  Later, she moved with her family to Washington State where she met her loving husband.  With their daughter, they have traveled and lived all over the United States, but they hope to someday settle down and move back to the Pacific Northwest from where she gathers much inspiration for the beautiful scenery in this book.


Afterword

Thank you for purchasing and reading this book.  I hope that you have enjoyed it and will continue with me on this adventure through the entire Immortal novella series!
If you are able, I would appreciate you taking the time to leave a review of this book where you purchased it.  Your opinion is very important to me and other readers and will help me improve on my work.
If you have questions, comments, or suggestions, please feel free to contact me through these sites where you can also find news and updates about future book releases:  http://www.agkim.com and https://www.facebook.com/agkimbooks.

- A. G. Kim
