My Family and Other Ghosts

Gary Weston

Smashwords Edition




My Family and Other Ghosts  2014 Gary Weston
All rights reserved

License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. The ebook contained herein constitutes a copyrighted work and may not be reproduced, transmitted, down-loaded, or stored in or introduced into an information storage and retrieval system in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical, now known or hereinafter invented, without the express written permission of the copyright owner, except in the case of brief quotation embodied in critical articles and reviews.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

Chapter 1

'When are you gonna get yourself laid?'
It was a question Grandma asked Violet Shaydes at least once a day. The reply was always the same. 'None of your business.'
Grandma swung on the precarious porch swing chair, stroking Cyclops, her one eyed ferret. It was hard to see if Cyclops was asleep or stoned from inhaling the second hand smoke from Grandma's marijuana. Cyclops stirred himself, yawned, stretched, looked at Violet with his one beady eye and promptly dozed off again.
'Don't even have to be a guy,' said Grandma. 'Nothin' wrong with bein' gay. Heck. I tried it myself, one time.'
'Let me guess. K D Lang?'
Grandma let out another cloud of smoke. 'Dunno. Never knew her name. Coulda been.'
Name a rock star of the sixties, Grandma had apparently had him. This was a first, though. It wouldn't surprise Violet if her Grandmother had indeed dipped her toe in the gay pool. 
'I gotta a vibrator you can borrow if ya wanna. Fresh batteries.'
Violet shuddered at the very idea of borrowing her Grandma's vibrator. 'No thanks, I already have...'
This wasn't a conversation Violet intended to continue. 'Grandma. We're about to have a family meeting. Are you in?'
'Jeez! Gonna kill me off with boredom, now. I'd rather smoke myself to death.'
Violet sighed. 'Ok. Don't say you weren't invited.' 
Violet went inside through the creaky fly-screen door with the hole in the bottom half, big enough for Racket, the three legged Alsation to get through. No surprise to find her liberated mother dancing naked to Hendrix, cigarette in one hand, triple something on the rocks in the other. Well, it was eleven o'clock in the morning. There was something hypnotic about the way her mother's huge breasts swayed independently to purple haze. They sort of bobbed up and down and from side to side at the same time. Violet could only think it was her mother's claim to fame that her tits had lives of their own. It was also a disappointment that her own breasts had stopped at thirty-four B since she'd turned fourteen. No amount of exercise, fondling, or massage had done anything to encourage growth in the mammary area. Unfortunately, that hadn't stopped her posterior from growing exponentially into something that could easily eclipse the sun. Life was a bitch like that. Violet turned the music down.
'Hey! I was just into my groove.'
Violet asked, 'Mom. How drunk are you?'
'How dare you incinerate I've had too drink to much.'
'And that answers that question. Dad?'
'Shed. Leg. Follow the hammering.'
Violet bristled. 'We got him a new leg. If he's whacking it about...'
'As the actress said to the bishop...'
'What?'
'Nothing. Put my music back on.'
Violet sighed. 'No. Family meeting, remember?'
'Today? I thought that was for next week or something.'
'Shit! Why is this bloody family such hard work. I'll get dad. Mom. Please put some clothes on.'
'There is nothing wrong with the human body.'
Violet couldn't agree less. 'Not from where I'm standing. I'll go get dad; you put a robe on.'
'You are so wound up. You should borrow Grandma's vibrator.'
Violet growled. 'Unbelievable. My mother and Grandma have been discussing my sex life and...'
'You have a sex life? Look. We are a liberated family, here. Actually, my vibrators are a lot bigger than Grandma's and much more grunt, if you know what I mean, so if you want to take things up a notch...'
'I'll go get dad.'
Racket, the three legged Alsation, didn't even flick his tail as Violet stepped over him on the back step. The cacophony of chickens from the sixty-six Chevy, had Violet thinking strange thoughts of herself wielding an axe and chicken curry. The lean-to shed still hadn't collapsed in a heap and the door to the garage was wide open. She could hear hammering and swearing. Impossible for a man to hammer anything without swearing, apparently. With a degree of trepidation, Violet entered the man cave. 
'Dad. If that's your new leg you're hitting...'
Another whack with the hammer. 'See? Only a person with two good legs would come out with a sentence like that. I'm just not right in my new leg. And yes. I appreciate you buying it for me. But this old one just fits better.'
'Have you any idea how much we spent on that new leg?'
'Ah! Now then, Violet. I did say I was happy with the old leg. It was you who insisted we fork out good money for a new one.'
Violet snapped, 'Because you needed a new leg.'
'Again. You, not me.' Another whack with the hammer. 'There. Got it this time.'
Violet helped her father into his leg. 'Dad. We've a family meeting. Things to sort out.'
Victor Shaydes kissed his daughter. 'As if I'll be any use. Come on, then.'
They stepped outside the workshop, passed the noisy chickens in the Chevy, over three legged Racket on the back step, and into the house for a family meeting. Grandma and mother were at the kitchen table; Cyclops still asleep in the middle of it and mother was still naked. 
Violet sighed. 'Great. Just what I need. A serious family meeting.'  
 


Chapter 2

It was hard to concentrate, with her mother sitting naked before them. Still smoking, still drinking. Violet's father fidgeted with his leg; gave up with it, unstrapping it and dropping it on the floor with a clatter.  Cyclops made a little hissing sound; glared myopically at everyone, curled up and went back to sleep on Grandma's lap.
'Right. Ok.' Violet was determined to bring the family to order, so she thumped the kitchen table. 
'Bloody hell, Violet,' said Grandma. 'You almost scared Cyclops.'
Violet said, 'He's too stoned to give a damn. Look. This is serious. We have to move on.'
'Says you,' said Grandma. 'I like where we are.'
'Dad. You see it, don't you?'
Dad fidgeted in his seat, unsure what to say. 'Violet. We're all comfortable here. Why should we move?'
'Why?' Violet stood up and paced the kitchen. 'Seriously you ask why? How about we are living in a ghost town. And that doesn't even include our dead relatives. Hillsdown is dying. Since the steelworks slashed its capacity, nobody wants to be here. Fairmouthe's not much better. I can make good money selling property, but not around here. Two sales in four months is all I had. And that was giving them away. That says all we need to know. Time to move on.'
'I drove all over the States with the Stones, once,' said Grandma.
Exasperated, Violet said, 'Your point being?'
'Keith was my favourite. He did things to my G spot...'
'Grandma!'
'It was his tongue...'
Violet shuddered. 'Right. We have to move on. I can sell this place with a bit of luck, and we can go to something worthwhile where I can move my career up a notch.'
'It might not have been Keith. It might have been Charlie,' said Grandma. 'I remember being in their dressing room. So many men...'
'Grandma...!'
'I remember one of the roadies. Coulda knocked a brick wall down with that thing of his.'
Sally Shaydes had had enough. 'I need another drink. Anyone else?'
'No,' said Violet. 'And you can do without.'
Sally got up and with a naked wobble, went over to the booze, poured herself a very large measure, returned to her seat and consumed half of her drink. 'I'm with your dad and Grandma. No point in moving.'
'Gimee strength,' said Violet.
'And what about Ben, Daphne and Harmony?' said Victor. 'We couldn't leave them behind.'
'Dad. They're dead.'
Victor shrugged. 'They don't know that. They should come with us.' He looked at his wife and mother in law. 'Not that I'm saying we should go. But, if we are going, I'd like to take all of us.'
'They're ghosts, Dad. Not like real people.'
Victor rubbed his stump of a leg. 'If we're going, we all go.'
'Maybe it wasn't the Stones. It could have been the backing band,' said Grandma. 'That was one hell of a night.'
'All of them?' said Violet.
'I wasn't counting.'
'Right,' said Violet. 'So. Dad. What you're saying is, if we move, we take our dead relatives with us.'
'Family is family.'
Grandma said, 'I ain't goin' no place without my kin.'
'But they're dead,' said Violet.
'One interpretation. I ain't goin' without them.'
There was weird, and then there was her family. 'Right,' said Violet. 'So. In principle, we are not averse to moving, as long as the ghosts come with us.'
'I need another drink,' said Sally. She got up and with her backside on independent suspension mode, waddled over to the booze next to the goldfish tank, which had something fermenting on the top layer. 'We all go together.'
'Right,' said Violet. 'So all I have to do is sell this falling down flea-pit, then find us a place where we can live and our dead relatives can move in with us. Dad?'
'Fine by me. I don't want to move, but if we do, we all go together. Dead or alive.'
'Wonderful,' said Violet.


Chapter 3

When anybody knocked on the door, it was with a certain amount of trepidation that Violet answered it. Mrs Alsop, the woman who had bought her late uncles house, stood before her. 
'Ah! Mrs Alsop, So. Everything ok? No problems, I hope?' It was always a worry, selling a property so close to home. The slightest niggle could have people complaining on your doorstep.
'Not at all,' said Mrs Alsop. 'In fact, I may have another client for you.'
Relieved that Grandma wasn't awake and in her place on the swing-seat on the porch, Violet glanced behind her, to make sure her mother wasn't being natural in her own tiny world. Too early for that.
'And?'
'Well. A little delicate. May I come in?'
Inviting people in was always fraught with concern. Would her mother swan into the room, naked and drunk? Would Grandma waddle out, with her one eyed ferret in one hand, a joint in the other? Would her father walk in with a bashed up artificial leg? And it was only nine in the morning. 
'Of course. Tea? Coffee?'
'I'm fine, thank you. Now. As you know, I do have a certain ability when it comes to ghosts. Harmony asked me to say hi, by the way.'
'Hmm. I really must pop round and say hello.'
'You're always welcome. Anyway. My ability sort of runs in the family.' Mrs Alsop stopped abruptly as Sally Shaydes appeared at the door, saw Mrs Alsop, remembered she was naked and went back out again. 'Such an interesting family.'
'That's one word for them.'
'Then again, I suppose my family are a bit odd. My sister, Elizabeth. She sees ghosts, too. She spends more time talking to your uncle and aunt than she does to me when she visits. The thing is, Elizabeth actually makes a living as a medium. But her ghosts have moved on. They helped her communicate with the dear departed, but now they have gone, she can't make any money at it. She was wondering if you could find her a haunted house. If you could, you could sell her house and also get commission on the one you find her.'
'Not if it's already with a real estate agent. They would get the commission.'
Mrs Alsop shrugged. 'So? Find a haunted house that isn't on the market, then.'
'I suppose I could try.' The money would certainly be useful, thought Violet.
'That's the spirit. Oops. No pun intended. Here are my sister's details. Call her later and talk to her. I have to go.'
Mrs Alsop hurried out of the door, leaving Violet staring at the piece of paper. 'Great. All I have to do is to find a haunted house.'


Chapter 4

Monkton was almost a depressing small town as Hillsdown. People there had also been affected by the scaling down of the steelworks in Fairmouthe and the global economic meltdown. When Violet pulled up outside number thirteen, Potters Road, she looked over the front of the old house with a professional eye. The property was drab and run-down,  and the front lawn hadn't been mowed in a month. She hoped the inside was an improvement to the outside. She knocked on the door which had been painted black and some of that paint was flaking off. A small dog started barking and the door was opened.
'Mrs Granger?'
'Yes. And you must be Miss Shaydes.'
'Violet. Yes.'
'Do come in, Violet. And you must call me Elizabeth.'
Violet entered, gently shooing the little jack russel with her foot. 
'Don't mind Toby. He's just inquisitive.'
Like the outside, the inside was in need of a good makeover. The red flock wallpaper must have been fifty years old at least. The green carpet was threadbare in places and most of the furniture belonged in a landfill site. 
'As you can see, I've kept the original features of the place. So many people ruin grand old houses like this. My sister is always nagging me to do something with the place.'
'Really? I can't imagine why.'
'I'm glad we think alike,' said Granger, missing the sarcasm.
A quick guided tour of the property confirmed that the condition was the same throughout. Finally, they sat at the kitchen table and Granger made coffee for two and they had biscuits as they drank, Toby looking big eyed at them, eventually getting a treat from his owner.
'And you used to have ghosts?' Violet asked.
'A wonderful couple. They died about thirty years ago, in this very house. She poisoned both of them.'
'Good grief.'
'Oh, not intentionally. Mrs Carver loved baking. But her eyesight was very poor and she mixed in some rat poison by mistake. Her husband never blamed her once for killing him. Such a nice gentleman.'
Violet said, 'I see. But now they've moved on?'
Granger sighed. 'I do miss them. And of course, I've hardly earned any money, since they went.'
'It's tough for everybody at the moment. And are you wanting to stay in Monkton?'
Granger shook her head. 'They're a funny lot around here. I was thinking Fairmouthe. I've always been a city girl. I only left there when I divorced my pig of a husband. I couldn't stand bumping into the swine all the time. He moved on once the steelworks downsized, so that's no longer a problem.'
'I used to work there until I got laid off. Granger? No. I don't think I knew him.'
'Oh, Joe didn't work there. He ran a small sandwich shop nearby. He sold up when his trade was hit and moved away. Yes. I think I'd like to go back to Fairmouthe.'
Violet said, 'And it has to be a haunted house?'
'Absolutely. You do see ghosts, I gather?'
'I have done. My uncle, aunt and cousin in your sister's house. Nothing before that, though.'
'Ooh!' said Granger with a grin. 'And didn't it make you feel special, seeing your family's spirits?'
'Special? How about totally freaking me out? It wouldn't bother me to never see another as long as I live.'
Granger sighed and shook her head. 'Such a pity. I mean, if you really had the gift, you could have a nice little money spinner.'
'By conning people, you mean? I'll pass, if you don't mind.'
'Is that what you think I do? Con people?'
This was dodgy ground, Violet realised. Upsetting Mrs Granger could lose her the chance to sell her house and make some money. Some damage limitation was called for.
'Not you, obviously. You do actually see ghosts. But there's plenty of con merchants out there, fleecing the vulnerable.'
Granger said, 'Sadly very true. But not me. I genuinely help people. But I still have to eat. Is it so wrong of me to make a little money from helping people?'
'No. I suppose not. Look. Let's get down to business. I want to sell this house for you and my rates are lower than the bigger outfits. I'll do a good job for you and get the best possible price for you.'
'Fair enough. And find me another haunted house?'
Violet said, 'I'll try. But, Elizabeth. This place will have to be spruced up for you to get a good result. Some gardening. A lick of paint here and there.'
'I haven't money to spend on decorating.'
Violet said, 'I know. But I think I have a way round that.'


Chapter 5

They were all gathered around the kitchen table for another family meeting. 
'Me?'
'Dad. You're doing sweet nothing all day. You go and spend a few days at Mrs Granger's place and get it looking nice for me to sell.'
Victor Shaydes wasn't liking the sound of it. 'You want me to work for nothing?'
'I already explained that. You make the house look nice inside and out, I'll get a good price for it, I'll pay you for the work out of the commission. You have all that paint you stole from the steelworks...'
'Stole? Yeah. Ok. I suppose I did. Hey. They paid me peanuts. It was my way of getting something back. All right. I'll do it.'
'Good. I want you there at eight in the morning. Get the outside sorted out first. Then you can make a start inside.'
'And no fooling around with Mrs Granger,' threatened Sally.
'As if. Anyway,' said Victor. 'Why don't you come with me? We'll get done twice as fast.'
Sally said, 'No. Because, I'm helping Violet find a haunted house to sell to Mrs Granger. '
Grandma laughed her best phlegm filled smokers laugh. 'Who you gonna call? Ghost busters.'
'We can make some good money with this job,' said Violet. 'Especially if we can find a haunted house not on the market and I can persuade the owner to sell.'
Grandma said, 'You can get them stoned on my dope if that'll help?'
Violet realised from her expression that Grandma was actually serious. 'We'll keep that for a backup plan. Leave that to me and mom.'
And so it was that team Shaydes went to work. Victor loaded up the trailer with his lawnmower and stolen paint and set off, only half an hour late. Grandma made herself useful by keeping out of the way with Cyclops. Sally refrained from drinking all morning and actually got dressed. Violet set up the kitchen table with the phone, pens, paper and her laptop. 
'Right,' said Violet. 'We need to find places that are haunted in Fairmouthe. We'll worry about getting it to sell, later.'
'Ah! I was thinking about that. Where's the Weekly Freebie? Here it is.'
Sally retrieved the newspaper from the trash-bin and shook the fish heads she'd wrapped in it back into the bin.
'Mom. That stinks. How long has this been in the trash?'
'Only a couple of  weeks. Don't be such a fusspot. Now. Where did I see it?' A cockroach scurried from out of the sporting pages and dropped onto the floor and ran away back to the trash bin. 'Here it is. Family has a plague of ghosts.'
'A plague? Typical media exaggeration. Carry on.'
'Right. Mr and Mrs Bovis have been subjected to spooky goings on for the last three months. Mrs Bovis said how they were living in a nightmare situation and hadn't slept a wink for weeks. Mr Bovis had contacted the authorities pest control department to eradicate the ghosts, but they had declined to help. What do we pay our local taxes for? Mr Bovis told our reporter.'
'Interesting. Any details like the address?'
'It just says Poultice Avenue. No number.'
Violet was already on her laptop, checking the area out. 'Not bad. They'll be in the phone book. Bovis. Here we go.' Violet called the number and her call was soon answered. 'Hello? My name is...' It was a child's voice. 'Hello. Is your mommy or daddy...Oh. Hello. Is that Mrs Bovis? My name is...No. I'm not from the media. The thing is, I...No. Not from the council. No. Not a pest control...What makes you think ghosts are pests? I mean, yes they are, but not like rats or...' Violet watched as the cockroach almost made it to the top of the trash-bin, then it fell off. Undeterred, it had another go, succeeded and wriggled inside. '...Or cockroaches. Have you considered selling your property at all, Mrs Bovis? Only I might just...I know. Not an easy property to sell, being haunted. But I think...Yes. Sorry. Didn't I say? I'm Violet Shaydes, of Shaydes Real Estate. I just think...Well. No promises. This afternoon? Right. Does one o'clock suit you? Great. Me and my P A will be there at one. Thank you, Mrs Bovis.'
'We have a shot?'
'We have a shot.'
'And I'm your P A?'
'If you can refrain from drinking and don't stink of tobacco, you can be my P A.'
Sally thought that a reasonable trade-off. 'I'll wear that black outfit again.'
'Right. We can do this.'


Chapter 6

Victor Shaydes had a good nose for money. The fact he could never sniff any cash in his own bank account, didn't stop him sniffing at other peoples money. This old house could be worth something and if Violet could find a buyer, they could all do well out of it. He didn't knock on the door, but worked his lawnmower hard, over the almost knee-length grass. The door opened with Mrs Granger, resplendent in a black, lacy, full length sleeping thing, stepping outside.
'You must be Mr Shaydes.'
'Only if I have to be.' Victor took off his working gloves and shook her hand. 'Call me Victor.'
'Then I am Elizabeth. I see you have a leg missing,' said Granger, looking at the metal leg protruding from the too tight shorts.
'Damn. I do? I could have sworn I had a matching pair when I got up this morning.'
Granger laughed. 'Nothing wrong with a good sense of humour, I always say. So. You are going to transform this property, I am led to believe?'
'Just tidy the old girl up a bit so my daughter can get you a good price for it.'
'Such a level headed young woman.'
'That probably comes from when I dropped her as a baby.'
Granger wagged her finger at Victor. 'I can see I'll have to keep my eye on you.'
'If it makes you happy. Right. I'd better get this lot mowed.'
'Come in for a cup of tea when you've done.'
With that established, Victor revved up the mower and paraded up and down the front lawn. Finally, he had finished and went inside the house for a well earned drink. Mrs Granger had dressed into something long and flowing. She waved at the chair by the kitchen table and she poured tea for the two of them.
'I'm really quite embarrassed how I've neglected the place,' said Granger.
'My own place isn't much better,' admitted Victor, scratching the ear of Toby the Jack Russell. 'I just can't drum up the enthusiasm to do much about it.'
Granger said, 'I completely understand. My ex husband did most of the maintenance. Not exactly my forte. Tell me, Mr Shaydes. Do you see ghosts?'
'Hell, no. My wife and daughter saw my brother and his family. I wanted nothing to do with it.'
'Well. If your wife saw them, I suspect that's where your daughter gets her ability from. Do any other members of your family see things?'
Victor shrugged. 'Grandma. My wife's mother. If she smokes too much dope she can see all manner of things. She swore blind that David Bowie was in her bedroom the other night. Wishful thinking on her part.'
'Such an interesting family you have.'
'I suppose. Right. Now. I have this paint. A sort of bottle green. I think if I sand down your window frames, they would come up a treat.'
Granger said, 'Bottle green? You really think so?'
It was the only colour Victor had stolen from the steelworks, and he was damned if he was going to spend his weeks beer money on anything else. 'It'll be perfect for this house. Trust me. I know what I'm doing.'


Chapter 7

'This is the one,' said Violet, parking the car. 'Not a bad looking property from the outside. A good area. I can sell this.'
'As long as it's really haunted,' said Sally, getting out and adjusting her black skirt. 
The door opened before they knocked on it and a tired looking woman in her early thirties opened it. After introductions, they had a quick tour of the house. It was in a reasonably tidy condition, with the exception of a few odd looking stains on the walls. Cleaning hadn't removed it all.
Mary Bovis said, 'You'll have to excuse the place. Our ghosts did the damage.'
'They did this?' said Sally.
'Plates of food flying across the room. We mostly eat sandwiches, these days.'
Violet said, 'Just damage in here?'
'Didn't you notice the broken mirror in the bathroom?'
'Of course.'
'My husband Frank has replaced it three times. We don't bother any more.'
Sally asked, 'Your husband's at work?'
'Yes. And Jane's at school. I get a little peace and quiet for a few hours on my own.'
Violet said, 'No ghosts while you're on your own?'
'No. Only when we're together.'  Mary was on the verge of tears. 'I've lived here since we got married. I wouldn't be considering selling if not for this horrible ghost thing going on.'
'Mind if I take a few photographs?' Violet asked. 'I'll try to miss the stains.'
'Go for it. You really think you can sell this house?'
'At the right price,' said Violet. 
Violet and Sally took photos of most rooms, avoiding the curious looking stains wherever possible.
'We got this one nailed,' whispered Sally.
'Shush. I don't think so. I'll tell you later.'
After promising to be in touch, the Shaydes said goodbye and got back in the car. 'I think we have a problem,' said Violet.
'Like what? A perfectly good house in a good area. Mrs Granger will love it.'
'If it was haunted, perhaps.'
Sally said, 'What? Are you saying Mrs Bovis did that damage herself?'
'No. Their daughter did it.'
'But Mrs Bovis said she saw plates of food flying across the room.'
Violet agreed. 'And I believe her. This isn't ghosts. It's poltergeist. When we first knew about Uncle Ben and Aunt Daphne being ghosts, I googled it. Poltergeist are usually manifested from children, generally girls. It is her energy causing the trouble. Which is why Mrs Bovis doesn't see anything when she's on her own.' 
Sally finally understood. 'So the house isn't properly haunted.'
'Correct. Which means, Mrs Granger won't be interested in it. And now I've agreed to try to sell the house, I could be stuck with it for ever.'
'And we still have to find another haunted house for Mrs Granger.'
'Great.'


Chapter 8 

As Sally admired the bottle green window frame, Violet broke the news to Mrs Granger.
'It certainly sounds like a poltergeist,' said Granger. 'Tell them to get a priest in. A good Catholic one.'
'I have one on speed-dial,' said Violet. 'A pity, though. You'd have loved the house.'
Granger sighed. 'Oh, well. You keep trying. I'm sure something will turn up.'
'I see my father is doing a good job outside.'
'Not really keen on the colour, though. Better than it was, I suppose.'
Violet said, 'If it doesn't look right we can always paint over it. Maybe white. Well. We have to be going. Grandma will be wanting her dinner.'
'She sounds like a lovely old lady.'
'Best described as colourful. Especially her past. I'll be in touch when we have something to show you.'
They made a convoy back home with just a brief stop at a Chinese takeaway and they filled plates for everyone and Victor filled glasses with his home-made beer.
'A bloody awful colour, that green,' said Sally.
'So you keep saying,' said Victor. 'It was the only colour I could get hold of from the steelworks. So, it's either that, or we fork out for some more.'
Sally said, 'We're behind with the power bill. We need to pay that before we go buying paint for somebody's house.'
'Don't look at me,' said Violet. 'I got nothing. And now I'm stuck with selling a house with gravy all over the walls.'
'I once threw a television out of a hotel window,' said Grandma.
Violet said, 'Why?'
'Why not? We did that sort of thing in those days. I remember saying to Roger Daltry...'
'He was there?' said Sally.
'Of course he wasn't. But he phoned me after one of his concerts. Wanted me to fly over. Well. I was with The Monkey's at the time...'
'Which one?' Victor dared to ask.
'All of them. Did you know David Jones was the reason David Bowie had to change his name from Jones? It was me who suggested Bowie to him. A flash of inspiration on my part. Anyway, one of them, might have been Mickey, bet me I couldn't throw the television into the swimming pool from the window. Turned out he was right. Landed on the hotel cat. They had to scrape it up.'
They ate and listened to Grandma rewrite history. Racket got the scraps in his bowl and with a fairly indifferent day behind them, they turned in for the night.


Chapter 9

A little after eight the next morning, Victor was driving off to Mrs Granger's house to carry on with the painting and Violet was busy on her laptop when her naked mother walked in.
'Couldn't you sleep either?' Violet asked.
'I can never sleep when I'm sober. I seriously need to get off my face today. We're not going anywhere, are we?'
'Not sure. I'm going through the obituaries online. Find out who has died recently in Fairmouthe. See if I can dig anyone up.'
Sally said, 'I think you'll find that's against the law.'
'I meant, ghosts mean dead people, right? See if anyone decided to hang around.'
Sally said, 'And you'll do what? Call up the relatives and say, Hi. Sorry about your loss. You got any ghosts? I can see that going down well.'
'One step at a time.'
'And what about the Bovis woman? Are you calling her back?'
Violet shrugged. 'Maybe later.'
'Why don't you call that priest we had to Ben and Daphne's house? See if he'll go around to the Bovis woman and get rid of that poltergeist?'
Violet said, 'I suppose I could. Mind you, he was crap at getting rid of our ghosts, if you remember. Then again, they are proper ghosts. I'm sure it's the girl causing the poltergeist. Maybe...' Violet's face suddenly lit up. 'Mom. You are brilliant!'
'I already knew that. Why am I?'
'Father whatsisname.  OLeary. He'll know if there are any ghosts anywhere. We need to talk to him.'
Sally could see her chances of getting an early drinking session were diminishing fast. 'I've got his number somewhere. From the drawer by the fish-tank, Sally got the little book that was falling to pieces and went through it. 'Here it is. I'll call him.'
'This calls for charm and personality. I'll do it. You go get dressed.'
As her mother went off to dress, Violet could only get Father Patrick O'Leary's answer machine. 
Hi. This is Father O'Leary. I am probably out tending my flock, or busy watching the footy, so leave a message and I'll get back to you. You know what to do.
'Hello, Father. This is Violet Shaydes. You may recall kindly giving my uncle's house a cleansing? Anyway. You may or may not have heard of the Bovis Family in Fairmouthe? They think they have ghosts, but I'm fairly sure it is just a poltergeist appearing because of their daughter living there.  They are pretty distressed with it all and I was wondering if you would perhaps call them and see if you could help. If you can, that will be great. Call me on this number and I'll give you the details. Err, thanks.'
Violet hung up and thought about the message she had left. She hadn't wanted to leave any more information than she had, so that O'Leary would call her back. She had every intention of inviting herself to the Bovis' home when O'Leary was there, so she could butter him up about other haunted houses.
'Did you get through?' said Sally. She was wearing a pink track suit.
'Answering machine. I'm hoping he'll call me back and I can meet up with him and find out if there are any more haunted places.'
Sally said, 'Well, you won't need me for that. I'll stay here and get drunk.'
'No surprises there, then.'


Chapter 10
  
It was probably unfortunate that Father O'Leary didn't call Violet back until three in the afternoon. By that time, half a bottle of bourbon had been consumed by Sally Shaydes who was barely in command of her faculties.
'Going then, are we?' said Sally, swaying slightly.
'Me, not you. You are in no fit state.'
'My fit is quite state, thank you very much.'
Violet said, 'You stay here and...feed Grandma. And Racket. In fact, start cooking for all of us. I'll be back in a couple of hours. And with that breath, don't stand too close to naked flames.'
'Are you incinerating...'
'Yes. And if you breathe on a naked flame, the whole house could go up in smoke.'
Sally tried to focus. 'Right. So the fruit of my loins wants me to stop breathing.'
'Tempting, but no. Keep breathing and start cooking. I phoned Mrs Bovis once Father O'Leary called and invited myself over. I'll go find us a haunted house.'
Violet recognised the lime green and rust covered Volkswagen Beetle as she parked behind it. She abandoned her car behind the beetle, got out and rapped on the front door. The fresh faced, tall and skinny Father O'Leary opened it.
'Miss Shaydes. Tread lightly.'
'What?'
'And watch out for flying saucers. Also, dinner plates, knives and forks...'
'Cutlery in general. Got that.'
Violet followed Father O'Leary inside. The priest looked both ways up the street, before closing the door. He started to put the safety chain on, then decided if he needed a way out, he wasn't about to put obstacles in his way.
'This is quite...interesting.'
'It is?' said Violet.
'My advice? Look in from the doorway. Unless you have full body armour, don't go inside.'
Violet followed O'Leary to the lounge door, which was open. There came a sound not unlike a tornado, thrashing about inside. O'Leary went inside; Violet wasn't so stupid. As Father O'Leary stood in the middle of the madness, three seemingly innocent family members sat with their uneaten meals on their laps. Ordinarily, they would have been watching the television as they ate their evening meal. All well and good, had not the television been floating around the room, smashing into the walls and ceiling. The strangest thing was, however, even though it was smashed up with the power cord trailing behind it, it was still a functioning television. 
...Possibly showers in the south, and likely thunderstorms in the north.
The weather forecaster insisted on giving his weather report, even though his head was being hammered on the floor. A knife hovered in the air, turned to face Violet and flew at her. She ducked down just in time, as it flew over her head and embedded itself in the wall behind her with a disconcerting Twang. The television crashed to the floor in a shower of sparks.
'That's the third telly I got this month,' said Mr Bovis. 'No more telly's.'
'But, Dad..'
'It's your own fault, Jane,' said Mrs Bovis. 'You are the poltergeist. Father O'Leary told us that. Stop being a poltergeist, we can have another telly.' 
Jane folded her arms about her, and fixed her expression into one of pouting anger. 'I get the blame for everything around here. It's not fair.'
O'Leary ducked as a china ornament flew at him and it smashed into the wall where mashed potato was stuck.
'Jane,' said Violet. 'Why not come outside and talk to me about it? You could get hurt being in here.'
'Don't wanna. Who are you, anyway?'
'Just somebody trying to help. I met some ghosts, recently. One was my cousin. She was about your age.'
'This isn't a ghost,' said Mr Bovis, glumly. 'It's Jane.'
Jane got up and ran to the front door and Violet followed her outside. 'Jane. Don't run off.'
Jane stopped by the side of O'Leary's car and kicked the door and a small patch of rust dropped to the ground. 'That priest shouldn't have said it was me doing it.'
Violet couldn't hear any more noise from inside the house. She glanced through the window and she could see O'Leary in the middle of the room, calmly reading from his bible. 
'Jane. Take a look.'
Jane joined Violet and stared through the window. 'Nothing happening,' said Jane.
'Exactly. You brought your anger out here and it all stopped in there. When we were trying to get rid of our family ghosts, I did a lot of research. Poltergeist are generally supposed to be associated with girls who are angry, like you are. That's why I called Father O'Leary, so he could explain things to you and your family. '
Jane looked up at Violet. 'What happened to your cousin?'
Violet sighed. 'She died in an accident. A faulty gas boiler. She and her parents. My uncle and aunt, died with her, but their ghosts stayed behind.'
'How did you get rid of them?'
'We didn't. They're still there. We sold that house to a couple who don't mind ghosts being there. Mind you, they don't go smashing televisions up.'
Jane said, 'Dad said we are going to sell our house.'
'There wouldn't be much point of doing that. As you are causing the poltergeist activity, it would probably start at your next house. What's troubling you, Jane?'
'Nothing.'
'You can tell me. Something is upsetting you.'
'Don't wanna go to school no more.'
Violet asked, 'Don't you like school?'
'Babs Ratley. She and her gang keep picking on me.'
'Ah! You're being bullied at school. Bigger than you, is she?'
Jane snapped, 'She's a big fat ugly cow. But there's more of them.'
'You know what? I bet she's jealous of you. She's fat and ugly, not slim and pretty like you. I had a girl picking on me at school. Just like you're having.'
'What did you do?'
Violet laughed. 'I got her on her own one day, in the toilets. Bullies are usually cowards when they're alone. I grabbed her hair and shoved her head down the toilet and flushed it. I was never picked on after that. Have you tried talking to the teachers? Or your mom and dad?'
'Yeah. Nobody listens to me.'
'And that's why you are frustrated and angry. We need to talk to your mom and dad. Are you feeling calm, now?'
Jane shrugged. 'I suppose so.'
'Ok. Take a deep breath and we'll see if we can sort something out. Come on.'
They went back inside and Violet sat on the sofa with Jane. The Bovis's and O'Leary wondered if the chaos was about to start again. It didn't.
'It seems Jane's being bullied at school,' explained Violet. 'That's why she's in a state.'
Mrs Bovis said, 'You never said anything, Jane.'
'I did. You never listen. Dad's the same.'
Mr Bovis said, 'You can tell us anything.'
'I tried.'
O'Leary said, 'It's sometimes hard for parents to communicate with young teenagers. But you shouldn't have to put up with bullying at school.'
'Who is it bullying you, Jane?' asked Mrs Bovis. 
'Babs Ratley. She and some others.'
'I know her,' said Mrs Bovis. 'Nasty piece of work. Not the best of families.'
Mr Bovis said, 'Now we know what's going on, we'll sort it out.  All three of us will go to the school tomorrow.'
Violet said, 'And if that doesn't stop it, there's always the toilet method.'
'Time for me to go,' said O'Leary.
The Bovis's thanked O'Leary and Violet who went out to leave the family to sort out their house and their lives together.
'Well done, Miss Shaydes.'
'No worries, father. I'm just glad to be of help. Actually. I was hoping to have a word with you.'
O'Leary said, 'Oh? Go on, then.'
'I don't suppose you know of any houses with actual ghosts, do you?'


Chapter 11

The meal Sally Shaydes had cooked was only partly cremated. They sat together, picking out the burnt pieces of whatever it was supposed to be.
'Reminds me of the time Bob Dylan's guitar caught fire,' said Grandma. 'Or was that Bruce Springsteen?'
'I bet he didn't have to try and eat it,' said Victor.
'Never mind that,' said Violet. 'I have news. The Bovis's have sorted things out and they'll not be moving. But. I did get to speak to Father O'Leary. And guess what? He does happen to know of a haunted house. Twice he's tried to move the ghosts on. They're still there.'
'And they want to sell the house?' Sally asked, trying to focus on her meal and giving up with it.
'That's the best part about it. They tried with three different agencies. That was six months ago. Now with the depressed market and a ghost or two that's been on the news, Mrs Granger can get it for a good price. I just have to put the two together.'
'And you still have Mrs Granger's house to sell,' said Victor. 'Which reminds me. She found two new large drums of cream emulsion paint in the shed she'd forgotten about. I can paint the walls of the lounge and one bedroom with it.'
'Anything will be an improvement,' said Violet. 'Mom. You go and work with Dad and get the job done. I'll work on the haunted house.'
'What about my dinner?' said Grandma.
'I'll bring fish and chips home with me,' said Violet. 
Violet was finally feeling that she could make it all work. The following morning she rallied the troops and got her parents off to Mrs Granger's house. Then she called O'Leary for the address which she then googled to check out the location. It was in a good, middle-class part of the city. Then she found the old property listing with the last agency for details and the price.
'No way in hell would that place go for that much now,' Violet muttered to herself. It was time to go to work.
'Mrs Farmer? Oh, hello. I'm Violet Shaydes from Shaydes Real Estate. I was wondering if you had managed to sell your house. No? Well. I may have a client of mine looking for something like your house. No, she doesn't live in Fairmouthe, but she used to do and she is keen to move back. Would you mind if I come around and we could have a little chat about it? This afternoon?' Violet could sense the eagerness in Mrs Farmer's voice. That was a good sign. 'Hmm. Let me just check my appointment book.' She flicked through some papers held close to the phone. 'I do have a lot on this afternoon. But one appointment isn't too far from your house. I could fit you in between two and two thirty this afternoon? Excellent. I'll see you at two.'
Violet put the phone down and smiled. She had a good feeling about this.
'I'm hungry,' called Grandma from the porch.
'So am I,' said Violet. 'For success.'
'Great. Just don't burn it.'


Chapter 12

It was a well maintained property in a good street. It even had a garage at the side. Violet had deliberately waited until ten minutes past two before ringing the doorbell.  A smartly dressed woman in her early sixties opened the door.
'Sorry I'm late, Mrs Farmer. Just too many clients, not enough time.'
'Come on through,' said Mrs Farmer. 'Sounds like you are keeping busy.'
'I keep picking up new clients from the old established agencies. I charge less although I still get them the best possible offers for their properties. And I must say, Mrs Farmer. This is a lovely place.'
'Much too big for my husband and I, these days. My husband is about to retire soon and we would like to downsize.'
Violet nodded as she looked around the lounge. 'They are large rooms in these older properties. Much of a garden out the back?'
'Not too big. Manageable. Graham takes care of it at the weekends. He's on earlies, today. He'll be home, shortly.'
As Mrs Farmer said that, they heard a car pull up and the automatic garage door opening. Two minutes later, Mr Farmer entered the room. 
'Graham. This is Miss Shaydes, from Shaydes Real Estate. She thinks she may have a client interested in our house.'
Graham looked Violet up and down. 'I see. I thought we'd given up on the idea of selling.'
From upstairs came the sound of a chair moving across floorboards and Mrs Farmer shuddered nervously. 
'No, Graham. You gave up, not me.' The chair moved again.'
Violet said, 'I don't recall seeing anyone when we had a look upstairs.'
'You didn't,' said Mrs Farmer. 'You'll find out sooner or later. We have ghosts. Two of them.'
Violet thought she managed just the right amount of surprise in her expression. 'Did you say ghosts?'
Graham said, 'I'm surprised you don't remember seeing it on the local television news. Just over six months ago?'
'Something vaguely familiar. Remind me.'
'I'll tell her,' said Mrs Farmer. 'You always over dramatise everything. You see, Miss Shaydes. This house is over a hundred years old. We have lived here about thirty five years. We didn't know, but about sixty years ago, the couple who lived here at the time...'
'The Mason family,' said Graham, getting a shut up stare from his wife. 'I'll put the kettle on,' he said, scurrying away to the kitchen.
'As Graham said. The Mason's. Unfortunately, they found an intruder in the house one night. They had been socialising and probably had had a drop to drink when they came home. Tom Mason heard the sounds up there. He picked up the poker from the fire and raced up the stairs. Listen carefully.'
They listened, Violet holding her breath. She clearly heard somebody running up the stairs. Then the sound of a scuffle and something heavy landing on the floor above them.
'Now this...' said Mrs Farmer.
Violet almost jumped out of her skin as the front door slammed behind her. It hadn't actually slammed, but it certainly sounded like it.
'That was Mrs Mason running outside for help.'
'Good grief.'
'When she finally got back here with help, it was all over. Both Mr Mason and the intruder were dead.'
'But how...?'
'Shush!'
There came the sounds of a struggle on the landing and people falling down the stairs. Then silence.
'Mr Mason had bashed the intruder on the head and the intruder knocked Mr Mason over as he fell, and they were dead at the bottom of the stairs when the police arrived.'
Violet knew some of the details from her research, but not everything. 'So. The ghosts are Mr Mason and...'
'Fred Norton. Petty thief. Afterwards, Mrs Mason lived here with her son until she passed away. She died in hospital, so her ghost isn't here.' 
'Glad to hear it. And her son?'
'He was quite deaf, so was never really bothered by the noises. We bought the house from him, not knowing the history of the place. He now lives in a retirement village.'
Violet said, 'And you've lived with these ghosts for over thirty years?'
'No. Well, yes, I suppose we did. But they didn't make their presence felt until about a year ago. Graham was doing up that spare bedroom, when he found this.'
From a dresser drawer, Mrs Farmer took out a newspaper which had yellowed with age. The front page told the story of the incident all those years ago.
'See the date? That is the same date of the two men dying. It was also the same date last year that Graham found this newspaper. From then on, we heard the noises.'
'And you told the media?'
Mrs Farmer said, 'Certainly not. We had a neighbour round one day. She heard the noises. Always a bit loose with her tongue, that one. Next thing we know, the reporter was here. I was out shopping, but my idiot husband...'
'Err, that's not nice,' said Graham, carrying a tray of tea and fruitcake in.
'What isn't nice, Graham, is us being unable to sell this house, because you love being the centre of attention.'
'I really have to go,' said Violet.
The Farmer's had pleading looks in their eyes. 'Do you think you can sell our house, Miss Shaydes?' Mrs Farmer asked.
'I'll do my very best for you,' said Violet. 'Just keep quiet about everything for the time being, ok? I'll get back to you as soon as I can.'


Chapter 13

'I hope you got more paint on the walls than you did on yourselves,' said Violet, rescuing the fish and chips from the warm oven.
Sally said, 'I'll have you know we have both worked very hard, haven't we, Victor?'
'Sure have,' said Victor getting beers from the fridge and passing them around. 'I just hope it's all worthwhile.'
'Fingers crossed,' said Violet. 'I'll go see Mrs Granger in the morning.'
'You won't have to go far,' said Sally. 'She's visiting her sister in Ben and Daphne's old house.  Can't stand the smell of the paint. She said she might stay over a couple of days until we've finished.'
'Oh, That's handy. I'll go round there to see her. I think that house I went to see will be just right for her. Hell of a bloody story, though. A couple found an intruder in the house and the owner and he ended up dead.'
'I remember hearing about that on the news, about their ghosts,' said Victor. 
'I didn't let on I knew about the ghosts,' said Violet. 'They're very keen to sell. I need to talk to Mrs Granger first thing.'
After a quick call to Mrs Alsop in the morning, Violet walked down Victory Crescent  and into Crabtree Lane, then walked up the new path of number twenty-nine and knocked on the door.
'Come on in,' said Mrs Alsop. 'Elizabeth is in the kitchen, talking to Harmony.'
'Lovely.'
It was an odd scene at the kitchen table. Martin Alsop, minus his toupee and now completely bald, was reading a newspaper, and Elizabeth Granger was talking to Harmony Shaydes. All three looked at Violet as she walked in.
'Hi, Violet,' said Harmony. 'I haven't seen you in such a long time.'
'Hello, Harmony. You look...well.'
Harmony was a slightly glowing blue light and Violet could see right through her. She was there for a few more seconds then vanished. 
'Sorry,' said Violet. 'I didn't mean to scare her away.'
'She does that,' said Elizabeth. 'Any luck finding me a house?'
Violet sat at the table and Martin folded the paper away. 'Possibly. Definitely two ghosts there. I heard them.'
'How wonderful. You didn't see them?'
'Thankfully not. They killed each other.'
The Alsop's and Elizabeth listened to Violet's account of events.
'Right,' said Elizabeth. 'Not ideal. There could be a lot of animosity between them. Not conducive to me living there happily.'
Violet nodded. 'I did wonder about that. I think the best thing for us to do is arrange a visit. The owners are very keen to sell. You could get the place for a good price. It's a buyers market.'
Martin said, 'Which means you won't get much for Elizabeth's place.'
'It looks a lot tidier than it did,' said Violet. 'I'll do what I can.'
'That bottle green is horrible,' said Elizabeth. 'I didn't want to upset your father after all his hard work, but it's a shocker.'
Violet sighed. If it wasn't one thing, it was another. 'My parents are already working hard for just the promise of being paid. We can't be forking out for materials as well.'
'I never expected you to do that,' said Elizabeth. 'But with no money coming in, I have to be very careful.'
Mrs Alsop said, 'Oh, Elizabeth. We can help you out. Martin.'
'What are you looking at me for?'
'Get your wallet out. Give Elizabeth a hundred.'
'But...'
'Martin.'
Elizabeth said, 'I'll not let you pay for my paint. Put your wallet away, Martin.'
Mrs Alsop said, 'You've always been stubborn. You're my sister. It's your birthday soon. Call it an early present.'
Violet said, 'We need a couple of tins of paint to at least do the window-frames. We have to make the place look nice before we put it on the market.'
Martin sat hoping he could put his wallet back in his pocket. His wife had other ideas.
'Martin! Give Violet the money. She'll buy the paint.'
Violet took the money. 'I'll get receipts for you. Just basic white gloss.' She knew neither parent could be trusted not to spend it on booze. 'I'll get the paint in the morning. Are you available to see the haunted house in the afternoon?'
'I'll be ready.'


Chapter 14

'You want me to paint it all again? You can't be serious.'
'I do and I am,' said Violet. 'I'll get the paint in the morning. Don't waste a drop of it.'
Victor said, 'I might be busy tomorrow.'
'You will be. Painting the house.'
Victor gave up knowing he was beaten.  In the morning, Violet had bought the paint and handed it to him with a new brush. Leaving him to get on with the job, she drove Mrs Granger to the haunted house in Fairmouthe.
'It's a nice enough area,' said Mrs Granger. 
From the car, they checked out the front of the house.
'Very well maintained, inside and out. And it has a garage.'
'I can never afford this house.'
Violet said, 'I think I can get it cheap enough for you. I have a good idea with what we'll get for your place, we can do this.'
'I don't like taking advantage of somebody else's misfortune.'
'Welcome to the real world. It's making Mrs Farmer ill, living here. She's completely stressed out. You're her best hope of getting out of here.'
Mrs Granger took a deep breath. 'Ok. But if the ghosts are troublesome, I'll not be buying.'
They walked up the path and Violet rang the bell. A nervous looking Mrs Farmer invited them in. She had a barely controllable twitch going on with her face which didn't go unnoticed by Violet. The whole house gleamed with cleaning. Compared to Granger's old place, this was a palace and Violet could tell from her expression Granger realised it was a good property. Now, it was all down to the ghosts of two men who had killed each other, decades earlier. Much depended on it.
'A very nice home you have here, Mrs Farmer.' 
'I've always been house-proud. Isn't it a little...unconventional bringing a client to see the house with not even a valuation of the property being done?'
Violet had been expecting that. 'It was just a happy coincidence I'm going to sell Mrs Granger's home and she's looking for something like this. That's right isn't it, Mrs Granger?'
Mrs Granger was staring at the open doorway that led to the stairs. Two ghosts were standing there, but only she could see them. 'Oh. Yes. A happy coincidence. Would it be too much to ask if I could just walk around the place and get a feel for it, so to speak?'
'Of course,' said Mrs Farmer. 'Why don't you and I pop out into the garden, Miss Shaydes? Let Mrs Granger look around.'
They went through the French windows into the garden and when Violet glanced back, she could see Mrs Granger, talking to...something. She was relieved she couldn't see what.
'Miss Shaydes. What about the ghosts. Does she...Mrs Granger know?'
'Let's not worry about that just yet. Aren't the roses lovely.'
Mrs Farmer said, 'Miss Shaydes. We haven't discussed the price of the house. Or even your fees, come to that.'
'Ah! That's the thing. See. If Mrs Granger and you can agree a price, with no advertising costs, or promotion costs, I can be very reasonable with the fees. But. You must be realistic in your expectations. It is a depressed market and, well there is the question of...you know.'
Mrs Farmer sighed. 'I do so need to get away from here.'
'Then fingers crossed, Mrs Farmer.'


Chapter 15

Mrs Granger had shut herself in the stairwell with the ghosts, for a quiet chat.
'Right. You. What's your name?'
'Fred Norton. He killed me.'
'Oh, do put another record on, Norton. You were in my house, robbing me and my wife.'
'And you. What's your name?'
'Tom. Tom Mason. I'd still be alive if it hadn't been for this scum-bag.'
Norton snapped, 'You attacked me, you old fool. With a bloody poker. A right old whack on my head you gave me.'
'Oh, I do apologise. Of course, I should have just let you take off with my hard earned stuff.'
'Yes. It was just bloody stuff. Look at us now. Dead. The pair of us.' Norton looked at Granger. 'We are dead, right? Only sometimes, it's hard to be sure.'
Granger knew this to be a common problem with ghosts. Some of their wiring wasn't quite right. 
'Yes. You are both dead.'
'What about you?' Mason asked. 'Are you dead?'
'No,' said Granger.
Norton looked at Mason who shrugged. 'How can she be sure? I'm not sure. You're not sure. How can she be sure?' He looked at Granger. 'How do you know you're not dead?'
'I am not dead. You are, I'm not. Now. Apart from obviously hating each other, how are you getting along?'
'Other than being dead, you mean?' Mason asked.
'Yes. Apart from that.'
'I just find it all so very confusing.'
'Trust me.  It can be a bit like that for us living. Now. I have to decide if I can put up with you two.'
Norton said, 'Put up with us? What on Earth do you mean?'
Granger thought she spotted a lucid moment in the pair. 'I'm a medium.'
'You look more like a large, to me,' said Norton.
'A medium who sees ghosts. I need a ghost to help me with my work. To help me make a living.'
Mason said, 'To make a living what?'
'I mean to make money, being a medium.'
Norton said, 'Do we get paid?'
'Paid? You're dead. You don't need money. I'm alive and I do. Will you work with me, if I live here?'
Mason and Norton shared a puzzled look and both shrugged. 'Well,' said Norton. 'It is dead boring just hanging around here. That was a little ghost joke.'
'Very little,' said Mason. 'Yes. All right then.'
'Good. Now then. In a few minutes, I want you two to make as much noise as you can. Do you understand?'
Mason said, 'Of course. We're dead, not stupid. What was it you wanted us to do?'
'In a few minutes, make a lot of noise. I'll talk to you later.'
Mrs Granger went back into the lounge as Violet and Mrs Farmer were coming back from the garden.
'Well, Mrs Granger?' asked Violet.
Granger smiled. 'If we can agree a firm price. I have a figure in mind.'
'Go on,' said Mrs Farmer.
Both Violet and Farmer gasped at the low figure.
'Oh, really,' said Mrs Farmer. 'I couldn't possibly accept...'
Which was the exact second two ghosts made enough noise to wake the dead.
'We have a deal, Mrs Granger.'


Chapter 16

'You played a blinder, Elizabeth.'
'Don't count your chickens before they hatch. You still have to sell my place.'
Violet said, 'True. Let's go see how Dad's getting on with the painting. I want to get it on the market as soon as possible.'
Feeling quite elated with how things had gone so far, Violet drove over to Monkton and parked outside Mrs Granger's house.
'Well done, Dad. I must say it's a good job.'
'It does look nice. Very professional,' said Mrs Granger. 'Where is he?'
'Maybe he's round the back of the house. Come on.'
Victor Shaydes was indeed at the back of the house. 'About bloody time.'
'Dad. What happened?'
Victor was hanging upside down from the top of the ladder, his artificial leg hooked between the rungs.
'What bloody happened? What do you think bloody happened? Have you any idea how hard it is working on a ladder with an artificial leg? I slipped. Hours I've been hanging like this.'
Mrs Granger stared up at Victor's face, purple with the blood flowing into it from hanging upside down. 'How do we get you down?'
'I suggest very quickly. I seriously need to go to the toilet. If I were you, I wouldn't stand there, either. Go get the bloody fire service.'
Violet was already calling them. 'On their way, Dad. Just...hang on.'
Eleven minutes later, the fire appliance had arrived and two burly firemen had freed Victor and had carried him down, only to have him urinate all over them as they brought him to safety.
'Thanks for that,' said Victor.
Without replying, the two urine soaked men took away their ladders and the fire appliance drove away.
'I don't think they were too impressed,' said Mrs Granger.
'Obviously not,' said Victor, glumly.
'It could have been a lot worse,' said Violet. 'At least you finished the painting before you fell.'
Victor's sharp retort was quite unprintable. 


Chapter 17
 
The following morning, Mrs Granger, Sally and Violet Shaydes were wondering how to improve the interior even more with a zero budget. The freshly painted walls were pretty good in the lounge and the one bedroom. Victor had used every last drop of the emulsion. But it still looked a shabby house.
'Not as nice as Mrs Farmers house,' admitted Granger.
'It's this carpet,' said Sally. 'It has to go.'
'Oh, right,' said Violet. 'We couldn't afford a tin of paint, but we're supposed to buy new carpet?'
'I'm just telling it how it is.'
'Not helpful, Mom.' Violet took photos, carefully avoiding the threadbare carpet. Her mother was right. It had to go. They left Mrs Granger and set off for home. 
'I need a drink,' said Sally. 
'For once, I might join you.'
'I finished my booze yesterday. There's a liquor store around that corner.'
Violet turned the corner and followed her mother's directions. But they saw something very interesting before they reached the store. The town's one and only hotel, brilliantly called, The Monkton Hotel. It was clearly being refurbished. All the old fittings were being ripped out and new was going in. 
'Pull over,' said Sally. 'Do you see what I see?'
'Carpet. Loads of it.'
They got out of the car and went over to where two huge steel skips were being filled up by the workmen.
'Ladies,' said a man in a hard hat.
'Hi,' said Violet. 'This carpet. Is it any good?'
'Well. Some of it not too bad. Sort of old fashioned. And it didn't go with the new colour scheme.'
Sally leaned into the skip, showing the foreman a lot of her legs. 'This is quality stuff.'
'Looks good from where I'm standing,' the foreman said. 'Hotels have to use the best. Made to last, this was.'
'And it's being thrown away?'
'Yep. After some carpet, are you?'
Violet said, 'For a friend. But she has no money.'
'Right,' said the foreman, admiring Sally's backside. 'Well. If you take plenty, you'll just have to cut the good stuff out of it and fit it the best you can.'
Sally turned around and could see how the man was ogling her breasts under her tight fitting sweater. 'I don't suppose you could help out a couple of girls, could you?' she said, with much pouting and fluttering of eyelashes.
'Well, I suppose...'
From out of the hotel came a muscular young man with a huge roll of carpet over his shoulder. 'This is the last of it, boss.'
'Any good?' the foreman asked him.
The young man shrugged, which wasn't easy with a roll of carpet on his shoulder. 'A few cigarette burns here and there. Nothing major.'
The foreman looked at Violet's small car, the roll of carpet and Sally's prominent nipples. 'Where is this house, exactly?'
Which was why fifteen minutes later, the foreman and the young man were carrying the carpet into Mrs Granger's house, much to her surprise. Sally's legs and breasts had obviously had the desired affect on the foreman, because half an hour later, the old carpet had been taken up and the new carpet expertly laid.
'That looks wonderful,' said Mrs Granger. 'What a transformation.'
'Not bad, though I say it myself,' said the foreman. 'Come on lad. We still have a job to finish off.'
The lad carried the threadbare carpet out, to take back to their skip.
The foreman said, 'I'll be off then, ladies.'
'Thank you so much,' said Sally, still pouting.
'My pleasure. Bye, then.'
The foreman went off to his van and away they drove.
'I call that a result,' said Violet.
'Not quite. I still have to get my booze.'


Chapter 18

Violet worked her magic on her trusty laptop, uploading the photos to the online property site, writing the blurb, organising her sales campaign for Mrs Granger's property, sorting out the legal forms for the Farmer property. She was in her element. Success was within her grasp. After she had all that done, she made herself a coffee and relaxed for a moment, reflecting on her life and her aspirations. 
She had everything. Almost. A strange but loving family. A career she felt she'd been born to do. Life was good. Almost. 
Grandma was right. Violet tried to convince herself otherwise, but she was a woman with needs of her own. Being busy had given her an excuse not to put herself out there. She couldn't remember the last time she had been intimate with a man. Or even a boy. It was odd that she had all the confidence to deal with people when it came to buying and selling houses, and yet, to do something about her love life, she knew she would need to apply her positive mental attitude to even attempt it. But what would make her happy? 
'If I was advertising for a man, like he was a house, what would I write? What's my ideal?' She sipped her coffee; her imagination running wild. 'Man wanted. Must be in good condition. Well built and maintained. Character features, between twenty-four and...thirty.' He was beginning to take shape in her mind. She was short, so average height or above would do. No facial hair. She couldn't stand beards. Assertive, without being domineering. Must have two legs, real ones. He must also find short, pear-shaped women with uncontrollable brown hair, totally irresistible. Oh! And also be open minded about family members. Especially dead ones. 
Violet went to the front door and stepped out onto the porch. The familiar cloud of smoke wafted over her and she could hear the porch-swing creak back and forth. She looked down the path where the old, termite ruined gate hadn't been replaced. In her mind, she could see a dozen young, beardless young men, all with bunches of flowers and chocolates, keen to woo her.
'Are you ok?' Grandma asked.
'Just thinking about getting laid.'
'So was I.'
  

Chapter 19

Elizabeth Granger still had her doubts. Not about the house in Fairmouthe, but the ghosts. Dead people were far more unreliable than the living, and that was saying something. Oh, sure they said they would help and try to get along. Once in the house, if it actually happened, she would be totally broke. She needed an income, no matter how modest. 
People who came to her for help and guidance, inevitably brought a spirit contact with them. Although she could see some ghosts, she couldn't see them all. She would use her own spirits to contact the clients spirits and between them, try to come up with something useful for them. Occasionally, the clients spirit had something important to pass on before they themselves could move on. 
Elizabeth would sit down in the dimly lit room, light classical music in the background, incense sticks burning in an brass ornate holder she'd bought cheap from a charity shop. After a brief chat with the client, trying to understand their desires, she would relax and clear her mind. Hopefully, the client's spirit or spirits, would appear, wonder why and become confused. They usually calmed down when they saw Elizabeth's guides. The conversations, were often disjointed and banal. Typically, it would go...
So. How are you? her guides would ask the visiting ghost.
Fine. I suppose. You?
Yeah, you know. Can't complain. Live locally?
I don't live anywhere. I'm dead.
I was speaking metaphorically. Or should that be metaphysically? A pause, when most of that would be forgotten. So. How are you?
Good. Good. I see my wife's here.
She's your wife?
Yeah. What's she doing here?
No idea. Any messages for her?
Messages? Nope. Should I have?
Maybe. Leave any loose ends when you died?
I'm dead?
Probably.
Oh. Ok, then. Can you pass on a message for me?
You have a message?
I think so. Something about a bank account she didn't know about. It's in both our names. I was saving up for a luxury cruise for years as a surprise. Just a little bit each month, but it soon mounted up.
Which bank?
What do you mean, which bank?
For your account.
Come to think about it, you're right. In the Fairmouthe Savings Bank. How did you know I had an account there?
You just told me. Is that it?
What?
Anything else?
Nope. Oh. Tell her I love her. I'm going, now.
Bye.
And Elizabeth would put those disjointed sentences into something coherent and pass the message on. If the message was spiteful or angry, she would either temper it down or lie and say there was no message. Nine times out of ten, the client went home satisfied, or occasionally straight round to the bank, and then she would spread the word to her friends to visit Elizabeth Granger.
That was how things had been for over twenty years, but without her ghosts, it wasn't possible. She had tried a few times, getting nowhere without her guides. She needed to go back to the house and talk to the ghosts again, before signing any legal documents. She would call Violet and arrange something.


Chapter 20

An apprehensive Mrs Farmer agreed to another visit. Violet noticed a nervous twitch in the woman's left eye. Graham Farmer had been banished to the rose garden, for fear of him saying anything ruining the deal. He watched the women in the lounge through the French windows, snipping blindly at the rose bushes, accidentally severing his tie in the process. 
Mrs Farmer asked, 'Do you have any particular concerns, Mrs Granger?'
'Hmm? No, not about the house as such.'
The twitch came back. 'Not the price? I couldn't possibly...'
'Ambiance. Yes. It's the feel of the place. It's such a big decision, buying a house. I just want to...soak up the atmosphere again.'
'Alone?'
'Would that be all right? Particularly upstairs.'
Mrs Farmer said, 'Of course. Take as long as you like. We'll just be...'
'Having a chat with Mr Farmer,' offered Violet.
Twitch, twitch. 'Yes. Mr Farmer.'
Elizabeth went through the door to the stairs. She didn't see the ghosts. 'Tom? Tom? Fred?' 
Nothing. She started upstairs. Bad move. Before she reached the top, the estranged spirits appeared, oblivious she was there, re-enacting their final moments. The men struggled on the top landing and Tom brought the poker down on Fred's head, then Fred fell against Tom and down they tumbled, straight through Elizabeth who felt the icy chill as they collapsed into a heap on the bottom landing, Tom still holding the poker as his neck was snapped.
Taking a deep breath to recover her composure, she turned on the stairs, her hands on her hips, not at all impressed.
'And this is you pair getting along, is it?'
The ghosts floated to their feet, Tom straightening his broken neck. 
'What's it to you?' Fred demanded. 
'We had an agreement,' said Elizabeth. 'You two muppets promised me you would bury the hatchet...'
Tom said, 'Would a poker do?'
'No. You said we would all get on and live together in this house.'
The ghosts tried to make sense of that. 'We did?'
'We did,' said Elizabeth. 
'Ah!' exclaimed Tom. 'But are we actually, technically, living together?'
Fred said, 'Well, we're not living together. Is she?' 
'Is she what?'
'Living together. What was the question?'
Elizabeth said, 'Are we going to try to live and work together, or not?'
'Or not what?' asked Tom. 'Is there an alternative?'
'Yes,' said Elizabeth. 'I can walk out of the house and never come back.'
Fred said, 'We did sort of promise, Tom.'
'Then the answer is yes,' said Tom.
'But what was the question?' Fred asked.
Elizabeth suddenly realised. Fred died from a severe blow to the head. It was entirely possible, his reasoning abilities could have been severely affected. This could be a snapshot of how living in this house with these two could be for the rest of her life.
'Oh!' said Fred. 'Can we live together and work together? We can do that, can't we, Tom?'
'Absolutely,' said Tom.
'Right,' said Elizabeth. 'We'll give it a go.'
'Great,' said the slightly more lucid Tom. 'Do you want us to make a lot of noise again for you?'
'No. Just make a few little noises every now and then until we get the legal stuff done. Now move out of my way. And behave yourselves.'
The ghosts parted and with a sigh of relief, Elizabeth walked out of the stairwell and happily closed the door on the confused pair. Violet and the Farmer's, Graham with secateurs in one hand, his mutilated tie in the other, and Mrs Farmer with a twitch which was completely out of control, now.
'This,' declared Elizabeth, 'Is going to be my new home.'


Chapter 21

Violet wasted no time in getting the paperwork sorted out. That meant one house sold, one to go.  When she pulled up outside Mrs Granger's, she noticed a pick-up truck was just pulling away. Somebody had been checking out the property, having either seen the details on-line, or by seeing the for sale sign nailed to the fence. A promising start. 
Violet was feeling the pressure. She had signed up Elizabeth Granger to a house but had to sell her own house for enough to cover it. Remarkably, her mother had managed to cook a half-way edible meal and some of her father's home-made red wine went well with it. Violet told them how well things had gone so far but didn't minimise her responsibility to Mrs Granger.
'Hey,' said Victor. 'You're a star. You'll come up with a buyer.'
Grandma had seen the doubt in her granddaughter's eyes, but said nothing as they ate. Later, Violet sat on a stool on the porch keeping Grandma company. Violet didn't refuse when she was passed a joint and drew the smoke in deep into her lungs. She held it in as long as she could and let it out with a cough.
'Wanna talk about it?' Grandma asked.
'What if I can't find a buyer for Mrs Granger's house? She's signed up to buy that other house. I'm responsible for that.'
'She's a grown woman. You've found her what she wants and got it at a knock-down price.'
'But...'
'You are a professional. You know what you gotta do. This ain't about your ability. This is about confidence. That joint will help you sleep. First thing you do when you open your eyes in the mornin', you say to yourself, right. I gotta house to sell. Say it and believe it. Then, you get outa bed and sell that damn house.'
'Thanks, Grandma.'
Violet had to admit, for a permanently stoned old woman, Grandma occasionally made sense. Violet finished the joint, gave Grandma a kiss and took herself off to bed.
She didn't hear her Grandma say, 'You're a damned old fool talking crap again.'


Chapter  22

Violet Shaydes did open her eyes. Her head still swam from smoking the joint. A part from an urgent need to go to the bathroom, she had a nagging feeling that she had something else to do. 
'Oh, yeah. I am going to sell that house. Come on, Shaydes. Put some conviction into it. I AM GOING TO SELL THAT HOUSE!'
After a shower and power dressing, Violet had the kitchen to herself, the others still in bed. She had a leisurely breakfast. She was the only member of the family with a purpose to get out of bed. Armed with her third coffee and her laptop, she went to work. 
'Number of website views, seven. Numbers of potential house viewers, zero. Deep breath, Violet. Positive Mental Attitude.'
She checked the stats for that month so far. Number of house sales per local towns. Hillsdown, Monkton, Fairmouthe. Hillsdown, zero. No surprises there. Monkton, four. Fairmouthe nineteen. And one of those was the Farmer's place. It wasn't all doom and gloom. Violet checked the general prices again for the houses sold against the actual properties. Elizabeth's house was at the top end of the asking prices. But it was worth it. Just. She rechecked the figures again. She was convinced that she hadn't set the price too high. High, but not too high. But what was she going to do next? Which was when her phone chimed out.
'Shaydes Real Estate, Violet Shaydes speaking. Right. Ok. Ten O'clock? Yes. I can be there. Mr...Giles. Right. I'll see you there.'
Sally walked in, thankfully in a robe. 'You look excited.'
'A viewer for the house. Ten O'clock. How do I look? Do I look ok? Damn I have to call Mrs Granger and tell her so she can be ready for us.'
'Violet. Calm down. You have plenty of time. Call Mrs Granger and just settle down.'
Violet took a deep breath and called Mrs Granger. 'Hi. It's Violet Shaydes. We have a viewer for this morning. Ten. Is that ok? Right. No. Just a bit of a tidy up. Kitchen and bathroom, that sort of thing. I'll be there just after nine to give you a hand. Yes, fingers crossed.' She ended the call.
'Who's the viewer? A couple?'
'No idea. A man. He didn't say. Somebody was checking the place out yesterday. It could be him.'
Sally said, 'You always said women buy houses. Men just go along for the ride.'
'Which is true. Most men just go along with what their wives say. As long as there isn't too much work to do on a place, they're happy.'
'Want me to come along?'
Violet said, 'No thanks. Too many people in a room makes a place seem smaller. I'll send Mrs Granger out while I deal with him. I'd better be off and give her a hand cleaning up. I want it looking like a new pin. Now. Are you sure I look ok?'
'You look fine. Apart from your hair, of course. Unfortunately you get that mop from your father. Not the bald patch, though.'
'He can keep that. I have to go.'
Sally took her daughter's hand. 'I am so proud of you. You're a fine young woman.'
'Thanks, Mom. See you later.'
'Good luck.'
Violet grabbed her briefcase and hurried out the door.


Chapter 23

'I was going to visit my sister, anyway,' said Mrs Granger.
Violet gave the top of the oven a final wipe and took off the rubber gloves. 'I'll see you there, then. About eleven thirty, give or take.'
'Good luck.'
Mrs Granger picked up her keys and went out of the front door and drove away. Violet looked about the lounge with its shabby furniture. 'I'm going to need it,' she said with a sigh.'
The coffee pot was bubbling away, filling the house with a pleasant aroma, when there came a knocking at the front door. Mr Giles was nothing like she'd imagined from their conversation on the phone. He was tall, slim, had short, fair wavy hair, had blue eyes and no facial hair and in his late twenties. He also had two real legs.
'Hi,' he said.
Uncharacteristically, Violet was frozen to the spot and speechless.
'Hi,' he tried again.
'You have no beard.'
'Err, right. Thanks for noticing. I'm Simon Giles.'
'Nice. Oh. Come in.'
As he passed her, a manly smell wafted over her, with a hint of Paco Rabanne aftershave. He was wearing a check wool shirt and faded blue jeans. He also had a cute bum. Violet forced herself to stop staring at it.
'So. Mr Giles...'
'Simon. You're younger than I expected.'
'I am? Is that a bad thing?'
He grinned, which wrinkled up his blue eyes. 'Not from where I'm standing.'
Violet felt her cheeks colouring up. 'Right. So. Looking for a house, are you? For you and your wife?'
'No. That is, I'm not married. Came close once. It didn't happen.'
'That's fantastic. I mean, too bad. Well. This is the lounge. Obviously.'
'Not a bad size.' Simon was looking at Violet when he said it. 'Kitchen through there?'
'Yes.' 
They went into the kitchen, Violet's heart beating faster as they stood closer together in the small room.
'Units are a bit old,' said Simon. 
'But it is clean and functional. Quite a lot of storage space and room for a small dining table, as you can see.'
'What's through there?'
'A small sitting area. Ideal for an office.'
'Right. Shall we go upstairs?'
'Yes, please. I mean, of course. After you.'
Violet followed Simon up the stairs, mesmerised by his bottom. She had to fight the urge to squeeze it. 
'Three bedrooms?'
'Yes. Two double, one single.'
Simon opened the door to each one, checking everything out, ending up in the master bedroom, where Mrs Granger slept. Thankfully, the bed was made and had clean sheets. 
'Built in wardrobes,' said Violet. 
Simon turned to face her. 'Not bad. Not bad at all.'
Instantly in her mind they were naked on the bed, Simon's lean body wrapped up in her own. He was kissing her neck, his hands were...
'Yes. Exactly what I was thinking.'
That grin that wrinkled up his eyes again. He went to the window and opened it, looking out over the back garden. 
'Useful.'
'So,' Violet said. 'You like what you see?'
Simon looked her up and down, and she felt goosebumps along her spine. 'What's not to like? Needs a little T L C, but I know I could do something with it.'
'I hope so. So. Is this the sort of thing you're looking for?'
'I know a good thing when I see it. I think the price is a little high, though.'
Violet went into professional mode. 'About right for the condition and the market at the moment.'
'Something to think about. Shall we go back downstairs?'
'Do we have to?' She so wanted to push him onto the bed. 'Absolutely.'
She followed him back into the lounge. He stood and looked around then he stared at the floor.
Violet said, 'The carpet is in reasonable condition.'
'I know it is. It's out of the hotel my company is refurbishing. It was my foreman who told me this was for sale.' From his back pocket he took out his wallet and handed her his business card. 'Giles Renovation Company. We do a lot of property up in this area. I'm always looking for places to do up.'
'I...I see. Look. About the carpet...'
'It doesn't matter. I admire people who can see an opportunity.'
Violet said, 'Thank you. Look. About the price. There really isn't much room to manoeuvre.'
'There's always room to manoeuvre. Why don't we explore things a little deeper. Perhaps over dinner?'
'You are asking me out?'
Simon shrugged. 'I'm willing if you are.'
'I am so willing. I mean, as one professional to another.'
'Tonight ok? Say, seven thirty?'
Violet said, 'I'll be ready.'


Chapter 24

Violet didn't recall the drive to Mrs Alsop's house. She wasn't even surprised to see her mother there. Apart from Martin Alsop, they were all there. Elizabeth Granger was on tenterhooks, waiting for the news. Naturally, it was Sally who asked the question.
'Out with it, Violet. Is he interested?'
'I bloody hope so. He's gorgeous.'
The women looked askance at each other.
Elizabeth said, 'And the house?'
'What house? Oh! Sorry. Yes. Right. Well. Some arm wrestling to do. At least I hope some wrestling.'
Mrs Alsop said, 'Violet. What the hell are you talking about?'
'Ah! Right. Simon...'
Sally said, 'Simon, is it? Interesting. Go on.'
'Mr Giles, mother, happens to be a property developer. By the way. That nice green carpet? His outfit is doing up that hotel. Anyway. He wants the house to do up for a profit.'
'Not at my expense he isn't,' Mrs Granger said.
'Of course not. You need all that money to buy the other house,' said Violet. 'That's why I'm going out with him tonight.'
'You have a date?' gasped Sally.
Violet said, 'Don't look so surprised. This is completely professional.'
'And he's gorgeous with his own business?' Sally said.
'And single,' said Violet.
'Well,' said Sally. 'If nothing else, you have a good chance of getting laid.'


Chapter 25

A very long and hot soak in the bath, after much shaving and trimming, had Violet thinking all manner of possibilities, few of them to do with house sales. Three washes with anti-frizz shampoo and copious amounts of conditioner, were wasted on the brown thatch on Violet's head. Her mother, naturally, stepped into the breach. 
'You were swapped at birth,' said Sally. 'It's the only explanation.'
Not the first time had Violet heard that and she replied, 'Gee whiz, Mom. Thanks for the confidence boost.'
'Doctors have such dodgy handwriting. Easy to make a mistake.'
Violet snorted, 'I'm a mistake now, am I?'
'Only your hair and tits. Both of which you got from your father. Nothing to do with me. I mean, hello! Look at these melons.'
Violet said, 'I have to look at them frequently, unfortunately.'
'Jealousy will get you nowhere. But that hair. It is hair, right? Not like an explosion in a mattress factory? No rare eagles in there? Because if he runs his fingers through your hair, something might bite them off.'
'I'm trying to get me ready, if you don't mind.'
Sally said, 'You do have a push up bra, right? I'm not saying you actually have anything to push up, but if you do, he might not notice your hair.'
'You know very well I do have some underwear to help in that region.'
'A few pairs of your father's socks might help. Not that he has many socks, him only having one leg. You know the old saying. What God's forgotten, can be filled with cotton.'
Violet found the very idea of stuffing her bra with her father's socks quite repugnant, especially while she was wearing it. 'I'm going for the natural look.'
Sally shook her head. 'Big mistake. Now, I could get away with it. You've got no chance. We have to balance you up a bit. I mean, that backside of yours. You leave a room, it follows you out ten minutes later.'
'Mom. I've one hour to get ready.'
'So much to do, so little time. Are you sure he fancied you?'
Violet said, 'There was...chemistry.'
'Right. It could be more to do with physics than chemistry. Like, I suppose if there's a power cut, something could happen, know what I mean?'
'Mom. Seriously. I do like him.'
Sally sighed. 'Then we'll work with what you've got. Whatever that is.'
What they ended up with, was a lovely young woman who may not have made the cover of Vogue magazine, but was still all woman. Of course, the rest of the family had to have their say. 
'Wow,' said Victor. 'Grandma says you're off to get laid. Congratulations.'
'This is just about business and a pleasant evening,' said Violet.
Grandma said, 'She is so getting laid.'
Sally said, 'After the work I've done on her, she'd better get laid.'
Victor said, 'Whatever you do, don't disappoint your mother and Grandma. If you can jump his bones and get laid...'
'Dad!'
'I'm just saying...'
'Well, don't.'
Violet wasn't ashamed of her family, but she knew they were the sort of relatives to drip-feed to prospective boyfriends. So, she waited on the porch, not wanting to invite the unsuspecting prospect any further than the end of the path where the gate used to be. It was already dark when the pick-up truck pulled up.
'Go get yourself laid,' said Grandma. 'We'll not wait up.'
'Go get him, tiger,' said Sally. 'I slipped some protection in your purse.'
'You get stuck in there,' said Victor. 'Have fun.'


Chapter 26
  
Fairmouthe wasn't exactly Las Vegas, but Toni's was the best in fine dining in the city. It was a two hat restaurant, and impossible to get in without booking up three weeks in advance. That didn't seem to be a problem for Simon Giles. The waiters were tumbling over themselves to accommodate them. Simon ordered with confidence.
'Well. This is nice,' said Simon. 'And I love what you've done with your hair.'
'You mean world war three?'
'Yes. But it suits you.'
It was his his eyes, Violet decided. Or his lips. Or his manner and personality. or...
'Do you come here often?' she blurted. 'Crap. I can't believe I just said that.'
Simon laughed. 'I like the food. But I really think you meant, do I wine and dine other women here.'
'And do you?'
'Ah! From time to time. But you want to know, is there anyone serious in my life.'
'And is there?'
Simon sipped his wine, then he took hold of Violet's hand. 'I sincerely hope so.'
'I can't believe you just said that.'
Simon shrugged and said, 'Because we just met? I can't be instantly attracted to you?'
'Maybe.'
Simon sighed and leaned back in his chair. 'I was engaged. For quite a long time, really. In the end, I realised I was just going through the motions. I was very fond of her, but couldn't love her as she deserved to be loved. No real depth to our relationship. We actually had a splitting up party. All our friends came round and congratulated us for breaking up. Quite surreal in a way.'
'That is so nice. I mean that you can end a relationship so nicely.'
'These things happen. No need to make a drama out of it. What about you? You must have had a few boyfriends.'
Violet said, 'Not according to my grandma. But then I could never compete with a gang-banging groupie from the sixties.'
'Such vivid imagery. I'll do my best to obliterate it from my memory.'
'Not easy. I have to live with it.'
The food arrived and they ate and chatted. Reluctantly, Violet ventured into the realms of property speculation.
'That house is worth the asking price, Simon.'
'Not to me it isn't.'
'We can't let it go for much less.'
Simon said, 'Plenty of similar houses in the area for less money.'
'If you say so. Go buy one of those, then.'
After an awkward pause, Simon said, 'This one means that much to you?'
'No. Yes. It means that much to my client. I've no margin. If the price isn't right for you, ok. I'll find another buyer.'
Simon said, 'You're true to your client. I respect that. You are somebody I can do business with. You just sold a house.'
'I have?'
'I'll break even at that price. But I have a feeling we'll be doing a lot of business together. You are a straight shooter and I appreciate that.'
Violet smiled. 'Then we have a deal?'
'We have a deal.'
After their meal, they went outside. Light traffic went one way, then another. 
'I want to see you again,' said Simon.
'So do I.'
'This is awkward.'
'It is?'
'Hey,' said Simon. 'This is the stage in the evening when I might say, come back to mine for a nightcap, but it isn't that simple.'
'It could be.'
Simon gently stroked Violet's cheek. 'I so want to. But there's something...' He stopped and just looked into her eyes. The smile had gone and he just looked sad.  'Come on. I'll take you home.'
They drove home in silence until they pulled up outside Violet's home. Simon turned the motor off and just stared out of the windscreen.
Violet said, 'I'd invite you in, but...'
'Hey. One step at a time, right?'
They sat in the pick-up, just the half moon casting rippling shadows of light through the windows. There was an anxiety in Simon that Violet hadn't felt before and it worried her.
'Is there something wrong?' Violet dared to ask.
A protracted pause followed. Violet was becoming uncomfortable and more than a little nervous. 'I'd better go.' She pulled on the lever of the door, then Simon suddenly grabbed her wrist. 
'Please don't go.'
'Simon. You're hurting me.'
Simon let her hand go. 'I am so sorry. Hey. Look...'
'I really think I should go, now.'
'Oh, Crap. I've frightened you.'
Violet was frightened, and confused. 'I...Thanks for a lovely evening. Goodnight.'
'Violet, please.'
Violet yanked the door open and then slammed it shut. In the headlights from the pick-up, she ran up the path and let herself in. Behind her, the engine of the pick-up revved up and Simon drove away.   


Chapter 27

'It was probably your hair.'
Her family were all staring at her in a most disconcerting way. 'I don't want to talk about it, Mom.'
Violet hadn't slept well, trying to understand how a wonderful evening had ended so badly.
'What happened?' Victor asked. He didn't like seeing his daughter looking so unhappy.
'Nothing happened. We'd had a great night at Toni's...'
'He's doing ok if he can afford places like that,' said Sally. 'Sorry. Go on.'
'Well. He'd agreed to buy the house at the asking price. Even suggested we could do some business together, and we were getting along fine.'
'So, you didn't get laid?' Grandma asked.
'No. And I wouldn't have, not on the first date. I didn't want him to think I was...'
'Desperate?' Sally said.
'Too easy,' said Violet. 'We both wanted to take our time to get to know each other. Anyway, he drove me back here. We just sat for awhile. I was thinking, is he going to kiss me.'
'Did you want him to kiss you?' Victor asked. 'Why didn't you just kiss him?'
'Men!' Sally said, 'It was up to him to make the first move. He didn't try to kiss you?'
'Heck,' said Grandma. 'Didn't even get to first base.'
'I wanted him to kiss me,' said Violet. 'All night I'd wanted him to kiss me. But he just sat and stared out the window. I could feel he was wanting to say something, something that was troubling him.'
Victor snapped. 'I bet the dirty dog is married. That's what it was.'
'No,' said Violet. 'At least I don't think so. He was engaged for some time, but they broke up. Something wasn't right. It made me nervous. I told him I'd better go.'
'Is that a bruise on your wrist?' snapped Victor. 'It bloody well is. He hurt you.'
Sally said, 'He did that to you?'
'Wait until I get my hands on him,' said Victor. 'No man hurts my daughter and gets away with it.'
Violet said, 'I don't think he meant to hurt me. He said he was sorry.'
'He will be when I catch hold of him,' snarled Victor.
'Honestly, Dad. Maybe he just doesn't know his own strength. I'm sure it wasn't intentional.'
Sally said, 'Just forget about him.'
On the verge of tears, Violet said, 'I wish I could.'
Violet's phone chimed out and she looked at it. 'It's him. A message from Simon.'
'Ignore him,' said Sally.
Violet deleted the message without reading it. A minute later, another message came through. Again Violet deleted it. This was followed by a third, then that was the last.
'I can't keep ignoring him,' said Violet. 'I need him to buy that house.'
'True,' said Sally. 'But let him stew for awhile. If he calls back later, answer him.'
'But don't you go calling him,' advised Grandma. 'He's the one who should be chasing after you, not the other way round.'
'Ok,' said Violet. 'Just let me be for the time being. I still have a business to run.'
Grandma took off for the porch with Cyclops, Sally went off shopping for groceries and Victor went to the man cave to do stuff.
Violet settled at the table and started up her laptop to check if there had been any more interest in Mrs Granger's house. Unfortunately, there hadn't. As she sat wondering what to do next, the email signal chimed. She checked it in case it was a potential customer. It was Simon. She read it.
Hi. Please don't delete. I'm sorry I frightened you last night. I didn't mean to hurt your arm. Please forgive. I had a lot on my mind and I hope you'll give me another chance. I'll be at the Monkton Hotel most of the day if you are in that area.
Violet read it twice, then pressed delete.


Chapter 28
 
Violet was on her way to see Mrs Granger in Monkton. To get there, meant driving along the high-street. She paused at the traffic lights, knowing that the Monkton Hotel, was to the right. Her emotions were in a turmoil, wondering what to do. The lights changed, but she didn't notice. An impatient driver behind her blasted his horn, and as the lights changed again, she drove right. Several workmen were sitting on the steps of the hotel, taking a break and eating. She parked and crossed the road to them. Violet recognised the foreman.
'Hello again, young lady.'
'Hi. Is Simon about?'
'He's inside. I'll call him.' The foreman got up and yelled through the door. 'Simon. A lady asking after you.'
A minute later, Simon appeared, covered in dust. He took off his dust mask and goggles and looked at Violet. The men on the steps were looking from Simon to Violet and back again.
'Violet. I am so...' With the men's ears flapping, Simon knew this wasn't the place. 'Eddie. I'm just going to the bar over the road. You carry on where I left off, after your break.'
'No worries, Simon.'
'Can we go and have a chat, please?' Simon whispered to Violet.
'Well, I do have somewhere to go.'
'Please?'
'Ok.'
They crossed the road and Simon held the door open for her. The pub was a blue collar watering hole, and being early, only had a couple of customers propping up the bar. Simon ordered orange juice for two, as they were both driving afterwards. They took their drinks to a quiet corner table, neither sure what to say. Simon eventually kicked it off.
'Violet. I'm so sorry about last night.'
'What was that all about?'
Simon sighed. 'It's complicated.'
'Just tell me one thing. Are you married?'
'What? No. I told I wasn't. What made you think...Ah! I get it. No. Honestly. I'm not married.'
Violet believed him. 'Ok. But you seemed to change so suddenly. I didn't know what to think.'
Simon noticed the bruise on her arm. 'I did that to you. I'm such an idiot.'
'No argument from me about that.'
'Ouch! I deserved that. It's just...Violet. I said I was engaged. I said I was engaged for a long time?'
Violet wondered what was coming next. 'Yes. You said you finished it. Even had a party.'
'True. All true. But she hasn't quite gone away.'
'She wants you to get back together?'
Simon sipped his juice as he chose his words. 'In a manner of speaking. We lived together for about three years. I was really fond of her, but I didn't love her the way she loved me. When we split up, she was putting on a brave face. I was too dumb to realise that. She was in the process of moving out, going back to her parents place. I was working when I got the news. Tania, that's her name, was in a car crash driving to her parents place with some of her stuff. She was still alive when the paramedics arrived. Tania crashed because she was so upset at us splitting up. Her last words...'
Simon began to sob, tears streaming down his face. Violet felt his anguish and held his hand.
Simon continued. 'Tania's last words were to the paramedics. She said, Tell Simon I love him. And then she died. Twenty-four, and she died.'
'Oh, Simon.'
'It doesn't end there. This is where you think I'm crazy and walk out on me for good, and I wouldn't blame you. Tania hasn't gone. Not completely. Shortly after the funeral, her...I don't know. What would you call it? Her spirit came back to my house. Not all the time, but more often than not. My home is haunted by my fianc. For more than a year this has been going on. How can I move on with her still around?'
Violet said, 'You've not dated since then, have you?'
'No. I've taken out a couple of girls, but I'm trapped. Last night. In the restaurant, I felt so good.  You, me. Then when I drove you home, I wanted to kiss you so much.'
'And that's what I wanted, too.'
Simon said, 'How can I have a relationship? How could I expect a woman to understand?'
'Maybe I understand more than you think. Don't give up on us just yet.'
'Violet?'
'That kiss. I want it now.'
Simon gasped. 'Here? Now?'
'Here and now. And make it a good one.'
They looked into each others eyes, then Simon kissed Violet, passionately on the lips.
'That will do for me,' said Violet, when they came up for air. 'I have to go.'
'You and me? We're still on?'
Violet stood up. 'One step at a time, right? But we can try. Listen. That house?'
'I'll take it. Full price. But this ghost...'
'I'm off to see an expert. Call me in the morning.'
Violet was smiling again. She practically skipped up the path to the front door. She rang the bell.
'Elated,' said Elizabeth Granger, when she opened the door. 'That's how you look. Elated and glowing. Come in.'
'Thanks,' said the glowing, elated Violet. 'Have I got news for you.'
'I don't know. Have you?'
Violet grinned. 'Simon Giles is paying the full asking price for your house.'
'Oh, good heavens. That is such good news. I have to say, I could see it all slipping away from me. You are such a star. You've found me a new home, complete with willing spirits, and you've sold this place for top money. Well done, Violet. Well done.'
Violet said, 'I'm glad you're pleased, because I so need your help.'
'Anything. If I can help you, I will. What is it, Violet?'
Violet put the kettle on as she explained everything to Elizabeth. It took two mugs of tea each and half a packet of ginger nut biscuits to get the sad story out. The implications of that story was the potential end to Violet's love-life dry spell, which had lasted long enough to put the Sahara down to a size that would fit into an hourglass. They also had to formulate a plan of action.   
 

Chapter 29

'He has a ghost?' Sally asked.
'One he was engaged to. When she was alive, I mean. I'm going round there in the morning with Mrs Granger. It all makes sense, now.'
'Ironic, really,' said Victor. 'Simon has a place with a ghost that Mrs Granger was looking for, and he wanted a house to do up. They could have just swapped houses.'
'Leaving me without a double commission. Brilliant. Remind me not to hire you for my marketing manager.'
Sally said, 'So, you really must be keen on this Simon.'
'I just want the chance to find out. He's good looking, articulate, successful. What's not to like?'
'Then all you gotta do is get rid of the dead girlfriend and you can get laid,' said Grandma.
Violet said, 'That's one way of putting it.'
At eleven O'clock the following morning, Mrs Granger and Violet pulled up in their cars outside Simon Granger's house in Fairmouthe.
'Too modern for my taste,' said Elizabeth. 'But Simon is half my age, I suppose. Different tastes. A very nice house, though.'
Violet said, 'Simon's had the day off to meet us. There's his vehicle. Ok. Let's see what we can do.'
Violet knocked on the door and Simon answered it. 'Thank you so much for coming, Mrs Granger.'
'No promises, Simon. But I'll do all that I can for you.'
They went inside, and Simon closed the door. 
'Is it always this cold?' Violet said, shivering. 
Simon said, 'Believe it or not, the heating is turned right up to maximum.'
'Ghosts can do that to a place,' said Elizabeth. 'Simon. Tell me something. Do you actually see this ghost?'
'Tania? Not really. But I feel her presence. Like the cold in here now. I know she's here. Sometimes, I hear her voice. It sort of sounds like the wind blowing through trees. That sort of sound. But it is more than that. I can hear her speaking to me. She'll say things like, Simon. I love you. We are still together. Then she'll go for a few hours.'
'She used to sit on that sofa,' said Elizabeth. 'The right hand side.'
'Yes,' said Simon. 'And at times, she would stretch out, listening to her Ipod, or reading a book.'
'Hello, Tania,' said Elizabeth. 'Don't be afraid.'
Violet followed Elizabeth's gaze. 'You can see Tania?'
'Almost as clearly as I can see you two. She looks so sad and lonely. Let me talk with her alone.'
Simon took Violet's hand and led her into the kitchen and he closed the door behind them. 'Is she for real? Can she see Tania?'
'I believe so. Simon. She's the best chance you have. The best chance we have.'
Simon wrapped his arms about Violet and kissed her. 'Then this just has to work.'
In the lounge, Elizabeth sat on the sofa with the ghost. 'Tania. Look at me, Tania.'
'You can see me?'
'I can see and hear you. So sad. How beautiful you were.'
Tania said, 'Who was that girl with my Simon?'
'She's a friend of mine. Her name is Violet.'
'I don't like her. She wants my Simon.'
Elizabeth smiled. 'Yes. And he wants her.'
'She can't have him. He's mine.'
'No, Tania,' Elizabeth said, softly. 'Not any more. Do you remember the accident. In the car?'
Tania seemed not to hear for a moment.
'Tania. Listen to me. Do you remember that accident?'
'Yes. I...something...happened to me.'
There was only one way to say it. 'Tania. You died in that accident. It was a terrible waste of a young life, but these things happen.'
'Are you saying I'm dead?'
'I'm afraid you are. Come with me.'
Tania followed Elizabeth to the fireplace wall, on which hung a huge mirror.
'Look in the mirror. Tell me what you see.'
'I don't understand.'
Elizabeth said, 'The mirror, Tania. Tell me what you see.'
Tania looked. 'I...I see you, of course.'
'Anything else?'
'No. What else should I see?'
'Tania. Do you see yourself?'
Tania stared at the mirror. 'No. I only see you. What does that mean?'
'It means you are not here. Not really. You are here in spirit form. You are here because your love for Simon keeps you here.'
'I do love Simon.'
Elizabeth sighed. 'I know you do. Tell me how much you love him.'
'Oh. I love him so much. But he didn't feel about me as I do about him.'
'He was very fond of you.'
'But he never really loved me.'
Elizabeth said, 'He told you in the end. And you loved him enough to let him go. You must do that one last time. Let him go. Let him be, to live his life and fall in love again.'
Tania was still staring at the mirror, only seeing the woman standing by her side. She could not see herself. She realised the truth at last.
'I must go.'
'Yes, Tania. You must.'
Tania said, 'I must say goodbye to him.'
'Wait here.'
Elizabeth went to the kitchen door and quietly opened it. With her hand, she called Simon into the lounge. Violet was about to follow, but Elizabeth signalled for her to stay in the kitchen, which she did. Elizabeth gently closed the door.
'Simon,' Elizabeth whispered. 'Tania understands, now. She's ready to move on.'
Simon looked about the room. 'Is...is she here?'
'Yes. Come with me.'
Elizabeth took hold of Simon's hand and led him to the middle of the lounge, where Tania waited. 'She is right in front of you. Tania?'
'Oh, Simon. I love you so much. Why couldn't you love me?'
Elizabeth said, 'Tania. It wasn't meant to be. You must say goodbye to him and let him go.'
Tania was looking at a man who could not see her. She glanced at the mirror again, but all she could see was Simon and Elizabeth. Then she looked at Simon again. 'Simon. I will always love you, but I have to go now. Goodbye my love.'
Elizabeth said, 'Simon. Say goodbye to Tania.'
'Tania. I wish I could have loved you like you wanted. I tried. I really did. I'm sorry. Goodbye, Tania.'
Simon felt Tania's icy fingers on his cheek, then the soft, cold kiss of a ghost on his lips.
'Goodbye, Simon.'
'Goodbye, Tania.'
And then, Tania was gone. 



Chapter 30
Four Months Later

The classical music played softly in the background and the scented sticks filled the air with jasmine. The heating was on full, but the room was chilly with two ghosts in it. Elizabeth sat at the table, her eyes closed, completely relaxed. The middle aged man fidgeted nervously, his pudgy hands clenched on his chest, his eyes darting all over the room. 
'Mr Carling. You must try to relax. You are letting off too much negative energy. Take a deep breath and calm down.'
'He's a right old bag of nerves,' said Fred Norton.
'Anyone would think he'd seen a ghost,' said Tom Mason.
'Isn't he supposed to bring one with him?' said Fred.
Tom shrugged. 'They usually do. Maybe he hasn't got one.'
'Got one what?'
'A damn ghost. Concentrate.'
Fred said, 'I would. But some dirty big ox bashed my head in with a poker.'
'Shush. One's coming through.'
'What's coming through? Hey. Look. There's a ghost over there.'
The visiting spirit was that of an elderly man. He was very large and immaculately attired. He had a neatly trimmed moustache, and wore heavy framed spectacles. 
'Where the hell is this place?' the man demanded. 'And what the hell is he doing here? Nigel. Good grief, man. Look at the state of you. You look like you've seen a ghost.'
Fred said, 'That's what you said, Tom. Didn't you just say that, Tom? You said anyone would think he'd seen a ghost.'
'Who the hell are you, you blithering idiot?'
'Fred Norton,' said Fred. 'Who are you?'
'Who am I? Who the hell am I?'
Fred said, 'Yes. Who the hell are you?'
'I, my good man, am Alexander Carling of Carling Enterprises. Founder and Chief Executive Officer. At least I was, until I had a damn heart attack. This useless lump, my son, took over the company when I died. The damn place will go to the wall with this clown in charge.'
Elizabeth opened one eye and looked about the room. 'Is he here?'
'Yes,' said Tom. 'Can't you see him?'
'A bit fuzzy.'
'Who is she calling fuzzy? Damned cheek of the woman.'
Tom said, 'You're just a little...indistinct, she means. On account of you being dead.'
Nigel Carling asked, 'Is my father here yet?'
'Yes,' said Elizabeth. 'What is it you need to know?'
'Do I sell the company to the Anderson group or not?'
Alexander snapped, 'What? Sell my company? The one I built up over sixty years? Sell it to those thieving lot of scallywags?'
'Is that a no, then?' said Tom.
'Of course he should damn well sell. This pathetic idiot will bankrupt my company within six months. Sell, man, sell.
Elizabeth said, 'What did he say? I didn't quite catch it?'
Tom said, 'The pathetic idiot should sell to the Anderson group.'
'Are you sure?'
'That's what he said,' replied Fred. 'Pathetic idiot.'
'About selling, I meant.'
'Yes,' said Tom. 'Sell while it's still worth anything.'
Elizabeth said, 'Mr Carling. You father wishes you to sell.'
'I knew it,' said Nigel. 'For how much?'
'How much?' snapped Alexander. 'No less than five million. More if you can get it.'
Tom said, 'Five million at least. More if he can get it.'
'At least five million,' repeated Elizabeth.
Nigel gasped. 'Really? As much as that?'
'So it seems, Mr Carling,' said Elizabeth. 'Is that what you wanted to know?'
Carling got up as his father vanished. Tom and Fred walked through the door to the stairs to kill each other again.
'I feel such a relief,' said Nigel. 'I wanted to make sure I was doing the right thing by my father.'
'So, now you know. That will be...' Elizabeth was about to say her usual fifty, but she was looking at a pathetic idiot who was about to become very rich. 'One hundred.'
Nigel happily handed over the money, then she let him out the front door. Violet and Simon were just getting out of Violet's car as Carling drove away. 
'Come in, come in. Thank heavens that's over.'
Violet and Simon both gave Elizabeth a kiss on her cheek and they went into the lounge. 
Simon said, 'It's freezing in here. Been busy with ghosts?'
'I've had three of them in here. I'm positively drained. I'll make us a nice cup of coffee.'
They sat in the lounge, glad of the warming coffee. 
Elizabeth said, 'I don't need my powers to tell that you two look happy together.'
Violet squeezed Simon's hand. 'Very happy. We're off on a holiday together. Not sure where just yet. Somewhere warm and sunny.'
'That's wonderful.'
Simon said, 'The hotel is finished, so we've been paid for the job. And we've a big project to get into when we come back from holiday.'
'That sounds so exciting,' said Elizabeth.
'Do you know the old power station outside of Monkton?'
'Of course.'
Simon said, 'We've bought it. They were about to demolish it, and that would have cost the power company a fortune. It made more sense for them to sell it cheap to us. We're going to convert it into twenty apartments.' 
'And I'm going to sell them for us,' said Violet. 
'I'm delighted for you both. And my word, Violet Shaydes. Is that an engagement ring on your finger?'
Violet laughed. 'I thought you would never notice. I've been waving my hand around like I was swatting wasps.' 
Simon said, 'That's why we are here. To invite you to the wedding. Just a registry office wedding. We can't afford a big white wedding, because we've sunk everything into the project.'
'Good heavens. What's brought this on?'
'Love,' said Violet. 'That and the fact we are having a baby.'
Simon grinned. 'We're over the moon about it.'
'That's wonderful news. I'm delighted for you both.'
'Well,' said Violet. 'It would never have happened had it not been for you. So if it's a girl, she'll be named Elizabeth.'
'Named after me? I am honoured.'
Violet and Simon got up to leave. 
'We have to get going,' said Violet. 'We've so much to organise. We just wanted to tell you in person.'
'Oh, thank you both. You are going to make great parents. You'll have a wonderful life together.'
Elizabeth watched as the happy young couple drove away.
'Wonderful,' said Elizabeth. 'Just wonderful.'

The end.    


Hi. Many Thanks for reading my novella. It surprises me how popular Ghosts and Other Family has been. People wanted to know what happened to Violet and her family, and so did I. Will there be more? Maybe another next year. We shall see. 
But, if you really like ghosts and feisty young women, give Dusty Miller #1 a try. I have added the first two chapters at the end of this. Very different from Violet and her family, but the ghosts are fun. Dusty lives in New Zealand, not far from where I live. She is one tough hell cat, who has had a tough life. This is a gritty series of 9 books in total. They deal with tough issues, but there are lighter moments to balance it all. The stories become progressively surreal, into a world of the impossible and fantastical. 


 Dusty Miller 1
Chapter 1


Palmerston North. (Palmy) Principal city of the Manawatu region, Lower North Island of New Zealand
Seven years ago
For as long as Dusty Miller could remember, her mother had had a steady stream of boyfriends. A few, like the previous bastard, had stayed for a while. More than a couple had molested her when they'd had the chance. Too afraid and ashamed, she had said nothing to her mother. Now she was still only nine years old. She was home from school and the latest creep was on his own. Her mother was out shopping, he'd said, which meant buying booze. Food was sometimes thin on the ground, but there was always money for booze. This man, Darren, had lived with them for a few months. Just another bum her mother had picked up.
It started innocently enough, with him asking questions about how things had been at school. He didn't seem as bad as some of the others, so Dusty was almost beginning to trust him. They chatted at the kitchen table and he gave her a big bowl of stew. He did most of the cooking, because he hadnt much else to do. Her mother was often too drunk to feed her, so going to bed hungry was a regular event.
Darren never seemed to go out to work. He had sat beside her and gradually, his hands got slowly closer and she was too busy eating and talking to notice. He suddenly grabbed her arm and pulled her to him. He had kissed her on the mouth and his hands were all over her. She screamed and she picked up a knife off the table and rammed it as hard as she could into his leg. He yelled out and released his grip, giving her the chance to race out of the front door. He ran after her, calling her things she hadnt even heard before. Her mother was coming down the path and Dusty collided with her, making her drop the shopping. A bottle of bourbon smashed on the ground.
You stupid little devil, her mom yelled. Now see what youve done.
Darren said, 'Never mind that. Look what your frigging brats done to me. He had blood oozing through his jeans, but it looked worse than it really was. The frigging little bitch stabbed me. No reason for it, she just stuck me with a bloody knife.
Her mother grabbed her by the hair and dragged her inside out of sight of the neighbours. The loss of the booze was bad enough, but stabbing her precious boyfriend was too much. It was the jug cord this time, again and again across her back. Dusty cowered in a corner of the kitchen, shielding her head with her thin arms, begging her mother to stop, pleading with her to stop beating her. Dusty  had tried to tell her the truth, but she wouldnt listen, lashing her with the cord while her shit-head bloke stood and watched, grinning at her. From that day on, it had been Dusty versus the world. If anyone was going to do the hurting, it was going to be her.
It was the same at school. Often picked on because she was thinner and smaller than her peers, and taunted about her drunken mother, Dusty was something of a loner and made few friends. But she wasn't taking it any more. Her back hurt from the beating, and she sat in the playground, watching the other kids play and laugh, never going to be a part of their world. And that was okay. If the world wanted a fight, it could have one. Pauline Tandy was the first one to find that out. Tandy was the biggest girl in the class, fat from the burgers and fries she seemed to live on. She had picked on Dusty for years. Suddenly the play stopped, and Tandy was standing with the ball, a heavy leather rugby ball. She took aim and it flew across the playground, striking Dusty square in the face.
'Give me my ball, back, bitch,' yelled Tandy, her hands on her hips, her friends gathering around her.
Dusty felt the blood trickling from her nose. Another time, she would have cried. Now she was all out of tears. She picked up the ball and held it under her arm. Blood dripped onto her white blouse.
'Come and get it, fatso,' she said, defiantly.
This was the first time anyone had stood up to Tandy. For a moment, the girl just stood and stared, unsure what to do. Five of her gang were around her, expecting something, waiting for Tandy to make her move. Tandy knew she had to do something, or lose face. She marched towards Dusty, the five others right behind her.
'What did you call me, bitch?'
Dusty stood tall, able to look the bigger girl in the eyes. 'I called you what you are, Fatso.'
'Get her, Pauline,' said one of the gang.
Tandy lashed out with her fist, but Dusty was ready for her and dodged the blow, kicking out hard at the girl's shin. It was a solid strike and Tandy was hopping on one leg. Dusty grabbed her hair and pulled with all her might, bringing her knee up into her face, breaking her nose. The gang piled onto her, but Dusty was kicking, thumping and biting like a human tornado. One girl went down from a hard kick to the stomach, another from being poked in both eyes. Tandy recovered, grabbed Dusty from behind and held on so that two girls could kick and punch. Dusty kicked backwards with the heel of her shoe and found her target, Tandy letting go. Dusty swung her fist at the nearest girl, catching her in the mouth, splitting her lip. Tandy was still behind her and wrapped her arm around Dusty's neck in a choking headlock, and Dusty couldn't breathe. With her elbow, she rammed Tandy in her guts and the big girl went down. 
Suddenly the fighting stopped, the other girls, all sporting wounds looked at Tandy, the gang leader, helpless on the ground, Dusty facing them, her face covered in blood, ready to take them all down. Tandy made one last effort and latched onto Dusty's ankle, trying to pull her down onto the concrete, but once again, Dusty managed to break free and brought her foot down hard on the big girl's face. Tandy curled up in a ball, begging Dusty to stop. Dusty raised her foot to stomp down again, but she stopped. It was all over. The gang parted as she barged through them, and they watched her cross the playground to the school gates where with her head held high, she walked away. From that day forth, she was never bullied again at school.


Chapter 2
The house was empty when she got home, but she was used to fending for herself. Dusty looked at herself in the bathroom mirror. She had washed off the dried blood and what was revealed wasn't pretty any more. Most of her face was marked, and the finger marks around her neck were like an angry necklace. Her lips were swollen and split, but so were her knuckles. She undressed, dropping the bloody blouse on the floor. She would never wear it again. She climbed into the shower, letting the hot water wash the blood off her nine year old body, watching it run down the plug hole. She washed her hair and scrubbed her skin until it tingled. She dried herself and dressed in clean clothes and brushed her hair. The girl in the mirror was still marked, but there was something else. Something behind the bruised face had changed forever. Something behind her eyes was different, and she had a mean look she had never seen before.
She looked at her knuckles. They hurt. She had no idea she could punch like that. As she smiled through painful lips from the memory of hitting the gang so hard they had rolled on the ground in agony, she felt good about herself. Six of the bitches had attacked her and she had beaten the lot of them. That day had changed everything. That day had changed her life.
Stuffing the blood covered blouse in a plastic bag, she was about to drop it into the rubbish bin, and then she thought about her mother. If she saw the bag and wondered what it was, she might look inside. It was unlikely, but possible. Ruining the blouse would result in only one thing. Yet another beating. She had to hide it somewhere her mother would never find it. Thinking hard, she looked about the house. And there it was in the ceiling of the hallway, the cover to the loft. She had never known her mother go up the loft. She had to hurry, because her mother could return at any time, and if she had been out drinking with Darren, things would be tough enough.

 
Thanks for reading this and I hope you like it enough to get the book. Enjoy.


  

 



  
 
 

  
    

