
BOOK ONE OF THE JAILER'S SON SERIES

The Jailer's Son

The Legend Begins

S. A. Ferkey

~~~
Smashwords Edition

Copyright  2014 by S. A. Ferkey

All rights reserved.

Cover design by Emily Lam


No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the author. The only exception is by a reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a review.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Visit my website: http://www.saferkey.com
Email: saferkey@saferkey.com


Contemporary and Historical Fiction by S. A. Ferkey

Westerns:
The Jailer's Son Series
Book 1: The Legend Begins
Book 2: Where There's Will, There's A Way
Book 3: Exile
Book 4: No Patience

Action Adventure:
Steel Joe
Alaska Wilde

Contents


Chapter 1 The Accident
Chapter 2 Hinto
Chapter 3 No Future Without a Past
Chapter 4 Useful Things
Chapter 5 Fiercely
Chapter 6 Dead
Chapter 7 After Pa
Chapter 8 Settling In
Chapter 9 The Visit
Chapter 10 Patience and Miss Cordelia
Chapter 11 Powerful Feelings
Chapter 12 Secrets Revealed
Chapter 13 Warnings
Chapter 14 Will
Chapter 15 Bad Men
Chapter 16 The Jailer's Son
Chapter 17 Lowdown, Dirty Tricks
Chapter 18 All Sorts of Troubles
Chapter 19 The Plan
Chapter 20 Too Late
Chapter 21 Desperate
Epilogue


To Ma and Pa


Dakota Territory, 1887
My third ma once told me I was fortunate the lawless men of our time were not godless.
Otherwise, I would surely be pushing up daisies.

Chapter 1
The Accident


Tszaaaah! Tszing! Tssah! Bullets whizzed past my temple, one right after t'other, barely giving me enough time to get out of the way.
One time, a bullet got so dern close to my noggin, I actually heard it sizzle a lock of my hair on the way past.
The hissing sound was new, so I memorized every nuance of it for future use. It was similar to the sound a drop of water makes when it hits a hot coal. Sharp at the beginning. Hushed at the end.
"Again!" Pa hollered from the other side of Ma's grave. "You'd be dead if I was shootin' for real. Keep your eyes on my hands. My hands, boy!"
"Tarnation, Pa! How am I supposed to see your hands from way over here?" I bellyached, sore that Pa was shooting real bullets at me so soon after Ma went to meet her Maker. It didn't seem right, though I guess there was no law against it.
"Think about what you just said, boy."
I resisted the urge to slap my forehead and sighed instead.
The events of the past week  first the law running us out of Okobojo for not having a merchant license, then Ma dyin' for no good reason at all  seemed to make Pa as addled as a possum in a purse.
I wasn't no better. Couldn't hold a simple thought for two seconds. Probably why I was havin' a harder time than usual dodging bullets.
Then there was the matter of the old Indian standing on the bluff. He started trailing us on the other side of Sioux Falls.
He never came close enough for me to get a good look at. When he did come around, it was to communicate with Pa, well away from the wagon. He went out of his way to avoid me and Ma, though I did sight him in once  sorta  with Pa's binoculars.
The situation was aggravating, but not half as aggravating as that blamed turkey vulture.
First off, it didn't look like any other turkey vulture I ever saw. With a dagger-sharp beak and twisted face  one eye up and one eye down  it had a bad habit of showing its ugly mug at the worst possible moment.
Now, turkey vultures aren't a rare sight. But this one hung close by, keeping its crazy eyes pinned on me like it was the hunter and I was the prey.
Every time I pretended I didn't notice it nearby, it gave an ear-splitting chuckle-call that made my skin crawl.
"Brrk-brrk-brrr-brrk!"
To me, the cacophony sounded like it should've come out of the mouth of a rude man, not a bird. When I said as much to Pa, he said I was imagining things. But Ma said the bird made her uneasy, too.
The turkey vulture joined us less than a day before the Indian showed up. Mighty strange, if you ask me.
With great effort, I forced the Indian and vulture out of my mind and took a deep breath. Pa was telling me to watch his hands, but I couldn't get a proper look at 'em.
I could, however, hear the whufff of air when he whipped his Colt Single Action Army out from beneath the folds of his jacket into the open air.
Each action, though similar, made an entirely different sound. Like when Pa's thumb made contact with the pistol hammer a fraction of a second before he pulled it back  it was a whispered warning that the clear-as-a-bell click of metal against metal was next.
So when Pa squeezed the trigger  which I most always heard  I knew a bullet was headed my way.
Not being entirely familiar with a sound meant I needed to eliminate all other distractions and focus on that particular noise.
If I did, I would learn it in time and know either to be on the alert, or to categorize the sound as a distraction and put it out of my mind.
"Boy!"
I'd been trying to watch his hands all along, but this time I would rely on my ears. "I'm waitin'!" I yelled with a confidence I truly wished I possessed.
Instantly, I heard a zwhoof! That was the sound of Pa's hand brushing across his oiled coat as he brought his pistol out in front of him. It was a crisp noise in my ear, though Pa used to say very few could hear a sound so soft.
Scuhuff. That was the sound of his boot, the one with the hole in the bottom near his big toe, shifting ever so slightly forward over the dry crumbly hilltop.
Hrrfffff. It could have been his thumb on the trigger or the sudden flap of a hawk's wing, but Pa was about to shoot at me, so I anticipated a click and shifted to my right since the scuff of his boot had a left-hand swing sound to it.
Click. That was the hammer pullback. This meant the trigger pull was next  time for me to get out of the bullet's way.
Without thinking, I flew to the ground. Midway there, I felt the bullet zing through my long dark hair as it swirled through the air above me. I also heard the same tuhssss sound I'd heard barely a minute before.
"Dang it, Pa!" I yelled from against the parched earth. If I hadn't ducked, the bullet woulda got me for sure.
"You said you were waiting," he called back to me.
I heard the smile in his voice and wondered if he was losing his marbles. Ma said that happened sometimes after particularly harsh events and I couldn't imagine anything worse than her dying.
I got to my feet and brushed the dust off my person. My left hand trembled a bit, testament to how unnerved I was.
Suddenly my thoughts went to the Indian on the hill. Did he know how close Pa's bullets had come to hitting me? I wondered, too, if he thought what me and Pa were doing was the least bit odd. I seriously doubted that Indians fired bullets at their sons or tried to skewer them with arrows. I'm not a sissy boy  but this sunup to sundown ducking bullets was beginning to wear on me.
The curious part of the whole situation was that Pa was a tonic salesman, not a gunslinger. I remember him telling me once that hired guns had a short lifespan, and that he needed to live. Not wanted. Needed.
But Pa did have the patience of Job. I can't remember a day we didn't spend at least two or three hours learning some kind of skill until it was almost second-nature. "Watch my hands, boy, my hands!" he'd say, or, "Listen, would ya? I ain't doin' this for my benefit!"
Sometimes his instructions were accompanied by something heavy or sharp, or heavy and sharp, appearing out of nowhere and striking my person. My boots suffered the most. They were so full of nicks and scrapes, you could use 'em to strain the bugs outta soup.
Pa never laughed when I flinched in surprise or tipped over from the impact of some weapon or other. He was all business. To him, counting cards or running straight up the side of a building were things I needed to know, and know well.
When Pa was finished with me, Ma took over. She schooled me in reading, sums and social skills  as she called them  though Pa was the one who'd been a teacher once upon a time.
I swallowed the hard lump in my throat. I missed Ma something fierce and she'd only been gone a few days. I could still feel her work-roughened fingers brushing my hair away from my face and hear her gentle, melodic voice saying, "Remember, mon coeur, you have God-given gifts. You must never use them for evil."
But sometimes she could be as contrary as Pa. The previous year, when we were in Omaha, I watched a dishonest salesman remove coins from a rich lady's purse while he was sweet-talkin' her. I was just about to call out to her, but Ma put a hand over my mouth and walked me away.
When I questioned her about it, Pa answered for her. He said that while the salesman's behavior was dishonest, it wasn't our business to enforce the law.
Later, when we were alone, he said, "Taking something that don't belong to you is wrong, boy. Make no mistake about it. But there are times you have to look the other way. When you're a full-growed man you'll understand."
I doubted I ever would, as it seemed the opposite of what Ma always taught me, but I kept my tongue.
"There's only two occasions when thievin' is acceptable," he went on to say. "If you're stealing something someone else stole, it really isn't stealing because you can't steal the same thing twice."
I nodded in agreement while my noggin struggled to make sense of what I truly thought was pure nonsense.
"Or," he said, emphasizing the word, "if you have to steal to keep yourself or your loved ones alive, it's surviving not stealing."
This type of thieving did have some reason behind it, though I silently vowed to make sure I never got myself into such a pickle.
"Always remember: If you're going to take something that don't belong to you, no matter the reason, watch your back or you could find yourself swinging at the end of a rope."
Then he put his hands around his neck and stuck out his tongue like he was being choked.
Under any other circumstances, his antics would've brought a grin to my face. On this particular occasion, it had the opposite effect, maybe because a week earlier I had witnessed a lynching.
Afterward, I was surprised at how queasy the sight had made me. It had the opposite effect on the dozens of men, women and children who came to town to watch the young man die. They purely seemed to enjoy it.
I even heard some of 'em say the thief had it coming. I wasn't so sure.
First off, is a horse really more valuable than a man's life? I didn't think so. Still don't. And I'm sure Ma and Pa didn't either, judging by their grim expressions.
The man they hung couldn'ta been more than twenty and skinny as a lead pencil. He looked so scared, that I was afraid for him and what we both knew was comin'.
Don't get me wrong, I've been fascinated by the criminals on Wanted Dead or Alive posters since I could read. Ma used to say, with her eyes twinkling, that I was living vicariously through criminals' misadventures.
Maybe I was, but the thieves featured on the Wanted Dead or Alive posters that I kept hidden in a corner of the wagon were black-hearted killers. If I saw one of them getting fitted with a rope necktie, I doubt I would even look away. As far as I was concerned, they deserved to swing from
"Maxwell Alexander Beck!" Pa yelled.
I jumped a bit because I'd been daydreaming. But the sound of my name  first, middle and last  jolted me straight out of my reverie.
"Yessir!"
"I asked if you was all right!"
"Just so you know, you'da killed me if I hadn't jumped when I did!" I accused.
"Exactly."
While I hadn't expected an apology, I hadn't expected that. What in blazes did exactly mean? He seemed to read my mind:
"I knew exactly what you would do. What order you would do it and when you would do it."
I didn't know if I should be happy that he knew me so well, or be angry at myself for being so predictable. Then he said something that took me completely by surprise.
"You're learnin', son. No one else besides me woulda known what you were gonna do. I'm proud of you."
That's what Ma would've said. I felt tears prickle behind my eyelids and swallowed hard.
"That's enough for one day," he said abruptly. "In the mood for some licorice? I found a few pieces your ma put away for you."
"Sure am!"
I heard his chuckle and cheered up some. We'd get through the days ahead one way or t'other.
He walked toward me, the Colt dangling from his hand, loose-like and carefree. But I knew it was a trick.
I kept my eyes straight ahead, but my out-of-the-corner-of-my-eye glance stayed on his hands.
"I don't know about you, but I'm bone-tired," Pa said. When he yawned, it surely looked like the real thing.
"Me, too," I said, keeping my pace relaxed.
We played this particular game a lot. The beginning was always the same; the end, too, though this time I got a sudden, sick feeling in the pit of my stomach for some odd reason. I get feelings like that every once in a while and they never bode well.
"How many pieces did you say you have?" I asked, every nerve in my body tingling in anticipation.
"I didn't."
We were about five paces from each other when I faked a step to his left, started right, ducked, and raced left again toward his gun hand.
He was expecting it. He wore a slight smile. His gun hand was his right hand, to my left.
I knew he would expect me to try something new. I always did when I tried to disarm him. I figured when something didn't work, try something else.
Today however, I decided to try something I'd tried before. I wasn't sure what it would be, so I suppose it was something new after all.
As I reached for his gun with my right hand, he yanked the gun up and to his right. The motion made a crehah sound. I'm guessing he thought the Colt would be out of my reach. And it would have been, had I not switched hands at that very moment.
Before Pa knew what happened, I had his gun in my palm and pointed in the air. The look of surprise on his face probably matched the one on mine. I had disarmed him for the very first time!
"Hoo-ee!" I yelled without thinking and flung the pistol into the air.
At the time, my brain barely registered the whoof each time the gun made a revolution. Later, I would remember it spun thirteen times. Unlucky thirteen.
I went to catch it, but Pa must've had the same thought.
I would remember, too, as I later contemplated the circumstances that triggered the end of his life, that he had a resigned look on his face, kinda like he was expecting it.
As we both grabbed for the gun, our hands glanced off each other, allowing the gun to continue toward the parched earth.
The Colt hit the ground and simultaneously discharged.
"Kah-poohm!" The sound of the shot at close range sounded like a cannon in my ears. In the distance, I heard the raucous bark of that evil turkey vulture.
I looked up at Pa, my mouth already opening to say how sorry I was that his prize Colt was lying in the dirt, when I stopped short at his expression.
Pa wasn't angry as I supposed he would be. Instead, he looked weary and his eyelids fluttered. Altogether puzzling.
"I was wondering what would do me in," he said, blood filling the corners of his mouth and leaking down each side of his chin.
The next instant, he crumpled to the ground, eyes open, staring straight up at the sun.

Chapter 2
Hinto


"Pa! Pa! I'm sorry. Pa! Look at me!"
I could hear my screamed words in my ears  but they sounded like they were coming from someone or somewhere else.
I shook Pa as I cradled his head in the crook of my arm. I tried to get him to talk, but he was as limp as a rag doll. I quit trying to get some kind of reaction out of him when I felt my hands getting wet.
When I looked down, an icy chill grabbed hold of me. There was blood on Pa. Lots of it. My guts twisted like one of the horses had kicked me.
The whole front of Pa's jacket seemed to weep blood. There was so much of it I couldn't tell where it was coming from.
"Maxwell."
It was then I realized I was bawling like a baby. I stopped at the sound of my wheezed name. Pa was alive, and talkin' to boot! Things were going to be right as rain after all.
"Sorry, Pa. The last thing I wanted to do was shoot ya."
He smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes. Blood continued to trickle out of the corners of his mouth, but some stayed behind, filling the indentations between his teeth.
"You aren't gonna die, are ya, Pa?" I asked, my happiness that he was alive evaporating when I realized it might have been a bit premature.
"We all die someday," he said.
That didn't exactly answer my question, but I was happy he was talking.
"What should I do?"
He took a few shallow breaths and then looked into my eyes. "Well, I never been shot before ... but I reckon the first thing we need to do ... is stop up the hole."
"I'll get some rags," I said, easing him to the ground.
I sure hoped we had some decent ones. Ma was a fusspot when it came to keeping things clean and neat as a pin, but neither me nor Pa had done any clothes washing since the morning she drew her last breath.
Daisy and Socks, our wagon horses, skittered and whinnied wildly as I ran past. They say animals are dumb, but as a rule they seem to know more about what's going on than most people.
I almost tore the flap off the wagon in my quest to find rags. I grabbed the clothes basket and grabbed article after article, sniffing each one and then tossing aside the really offensive ones.
Me and Pa only had four pairs of trousers and five shirts between us. As I feared, none of them were clean.
The towels we used for washing ourselves were hanging on a line alongside the creek on the other side of the horses. They were most likely still wet and not all that clean, either. I didn't have my heart in it when Pa sent me to tidy things earlier in the day.
My head swiveled to where Ma's belongings were stacked in the corner. We buried Ma in her best dress, but she had two others  along with two blouses, two skirts, a jacket and some unmentionables.
I grabbed a few unmentionables because I knew they would be clean, ripped them into strips, and ran back to Pa on shaking legs, fearful he might have died while I was gone.
He was still looking up at the sky, but he had a bit of a smile on his face when I reached him.
"Pa?"
"Clouds ... moving in," he said, followed by a sigh that sounded like it came from the very depths of his soul.
From a point I couldn't see, the turkey vulture let out a long chuckle. If I could've spotted it, I probably woulda shot it just to make it stop. Pa must've had the same thought.
"Vile thing," he said.
"I'll kill it if you like." It was a silly thing to say, but sometimes when I don't have time to think, foolishness comes out before I can stop it.
Pa grinned, but a second later he was all business. "Don't ... think ... you can. It's here for a reason, son."
I was about to ask him what he meant, but he twitched his head abruptly, startling me. While I was relieved he was still breathing, I was apprehensive about what was in store for the both of us.
"Where'd I git ya?" I finally asked.
He strained his head toward his chest and he brought shaking fingers to his blood-soaked coat near the lower-middle of his body. At least it wasn't near his heart.
"Intestines. Maybe a kidney."
"Is that bad?" I asked, though I suspected there wasn't really a good place to get shot.
He chuckled and then coughed a few times. "Could be worse, I suppose." He took a few shallow breaths. "Could be dead."
The urge to bawl was overwhelming, but I managed to keep a stiff upper lip. "I'll fix you up good as new. Don't you worry, Pa."
Turning back the hands of time wasn't an option, so I plunged ahead with what I knew needed doing. I peeled away his coat with trembling fingers and saw for the first time how serious the situation was.
Blood oozed from a raggedy hole that looked about three times the size of a bullet. I couldn't take my eyes off it. I was relieved the hole was smaller than I imagined it would be, and wondered if I could somehow pull the bullet out. I wondered, too, how much that little piece of lead hurt.
"It's tolerable," he said as if reading my mind. The blood in his mouth made a sloshing noise as it went to the back of his throat.
"We need to get it stopped up right quick ... or I'm gonna bleed ... t' death."
The thought jarred me into action. I rolled a strip of cloth into a neat ball and thrust it into the hole.
Pa's limbs jerked out from his body and he let loose a holler that would've curdled a banshee's blood.
"Pa!" I yelled in alarm, and heard another harsh bark from the unseen vulture. A moment, later the crisp, flapping sound of giant wings filled the air. Maybe I'd scared the wretched bird off. I sure hoped so.
"You're doin' fine," Pa said through gritted teeth. "Put a pad on top ... and hold down on it for a spell."
I said a silent prayer while I did as he asked. We rarely attended formal church gatherings, but Ma was particular about praying before meals and asking God for help in dire circumstances.
I couldn't imagine a more dire circumstance than this, so I prayed harder than I ever did before.
Pa's hand somehow found the top of mine. "Couldn'ta done a better job myself. Thirsty, though."
"I'll fetch some water," I said.
"Whiskey."
The whiskey we kept in the wagon was for selling  or bartering with the Indians we met along the way. I never saw Pa drink it himself, and I believed I knew why.
When I was about eight, I snuck a swig. It stung so bad on the way down, I had to punch myself in the stomach so I could breathe again. I never tried it again.
"Whiskey," he repeated.
I raced back to the wagon on shaking legs and found the bottle and a couple of blankets, too. When I got back, I eased one blanket under his head, then picked up the back up of his head and held the bottle to his lips. He took a swallow, coughed a few times and then turned his head away.
"Thought Hinto would've been here by now."
"Hinto?"
"The Indian." Pa closed his eyes.
So that was his name. But why would Pa think the Indian would come here now? He never joined us for meals, or anything else, for that matter. Did Pa think he was gonna rob us while he was in a weakened state?
I was so deep in thought I almost jumped out of my skin when I felt a hand on my shoulder.
"What do you want?" I nearly screamed when I saw who the hand belonged to. I felt angry and not a little bit embarrassed that I hadn't heard him sneak up on us. He could've killed me and Pa both if he'd had a mind to, but Pa didn't seem one bit surprised to see him. He actually seemed pleased.
"Mind your manners, boy," Pa said. His words were quiet, but there was no mistaking the censure in them.
"Sorry, Pa," I said, though my glance never strayed from the stony face of our guest.
He was a handsome old man with eyes as dark as night. His face was as unlined as Ma's, though I figured he was probably as old as the hills and most likely Sioux if I went by the way he was dressed, though Plains Indians dressed similarly.
Though I was distracted, I still heard the soft gurgle in Pa's lungs before he said, "Maxwell."
I quickly averted my eyes.
"Hinto," Pa said, smiling up at the Indian. He weakly raised his hand and the old man took it in his and pumped it once while clasping it firmly with his other hand.
I noticed that the old man's plaited hair, mostly black with threads of silver, was tethered with leather. Ma used to call that particular color hair, salt and pepper.
Without a word, the brown-skinned man began probing Pa's wound. Pa winced, but didn't utter a sound. I didn't know what to make of the situation, but I figured since Pa wasn't protesting, I should just keep my yap shut.
"Water. Hot."
The words came from the Indian's mouth, but they sounded stilted and strange to my ears. His voice was much younger than I expected, too. When he turned to look at me, he seemed to see straight to my soul.
"Are you deaf, boy?" Pa asked, but there was no sting in his words. He was simply trying to jar me into action.
"Sorry," I said, then turned to the Indian. "Sorry." I turned toward Pa but didn't look at him. "I'll be back, quick as I can."
I ran to the creek, my thoughts swirling. On the occasions I'd asked Pa about the Indian, he replied the old man had just as much right to be where he wanted to be as we did. At the time, I thought his words odd. Now I was even more confounded.
I poured some water in our pan and set it on the coals. Then I cocked my head toward where Pa was laid out on the ground.
Hshusssshhha. The wind had picked up. I looked at the sky and saw thin dark clouds moving in. Rain was coming, but probably not until after daybreak.
Huhahuha. Huhahuha. This was a new sound and it was coming from where the old man was tending to Pa. The words were low, soft and guttural. They didn't sound like English. I wondered what the old man was saying, and how much of it Pa understood.
Arp! I cocked my head toward the sharp, distant yip of a coyote.
The sky told me it would be dark soon and chores still needed doing. I knew our daily routine by heart, but the shooting seemed to have swept all commonsensical thoughts from my head.
They say your life passes before your eyes just before you die, but it started happening to me now. I saw myself, little more than a baby, watching Ma and Pa's faces as I performed tricks for coins and candy.
Pa told me later that my feats sometimes fed us for a week. Performing came natural to me most times and I so enjoyed seeing folks smile, especially Ma and Pa.
Then I saw myself at ten. That was when Pa taught me how to disarm a man wielding a knife. He only did this when we were alone because he said Ma wouldn't approve.
He also taught me how to pin a running man to a tree with a knife while blindfolded. I only stuck Pa once before I got that skill down pat. I was eleven.
I thought about Ma then. She didn't like contention in any way, shape or form. I can recall her raising her voice only once, and that was to scold a woman who had called me a fool for giving a nickel to an Indian squaw who had been begging for money so she could feed her children.
Truth be told, I wasn't fond of card and coin tricks, but with patience and a keen eye, I did eventually master them. Pa said I would do a cardsharp proud. He also said this sort of skill was a double-edged sword. Used in the wrong way, I could find myself in jail. Or worse.
"Never let anyone get under your skin," he'd say. "Anger is a sure way to lose any advantage you may have."
"Maxwell!"
The sound of Pa calling out my name cut my musings short. I hurriedly wiped my eyes with the back of my sleeve  I had been weeping again  and dipped my fingertip in the water. It was hot, but not scalding.
"Thank you," the Indian said when I handed him the cup. He had a wad of leaves in his hand, which he plunged into the water.
Qu-hu-hu-hu. To me, it sounded like water spraying over exposed fish scales. I memorized the sound because it, too, was unfamiliar.
Once the leaves had soaked up some of the water, Hinto eased the bloodied rag out of Pa's wound and neatly tucked the leaves inside.
About that time, I noticed Pa clutching a bloodied bullet in his shaking hand. I was amazed that the Indian had retrieved it without Pa screaming his head off. I know I woulda.
Then Hinto produced a cactus leaf. He made a small slit in its skin with the glistening edge of his knife, kneaded the juice over the leaf-stuffed wound, then used his finger to form a thick jelly-like bandage over the top of it.
"Need anything else," I said, then added, "Hinto?" I thought it was only right to be polite seeing as how he was fixing Pa up for me.
Hinto looked into my eyes for such a long time that I felt the blood rush to my cheeks. He shook his head and looked back at Pa. He and Pa exchanged some silent message and then Hinto got up and walked away.
"That sure was nice of him to stop by and fix you up," I told Pa. My words sounded inane even in my ears, but I couldn't for the life of me think of anything else to say.
"The older you get ... the more you'll see that life is pretty much one surprise after another. Don't take to the notion that you can plan things." He paused for a long time. "It just don't work that way."
What in blazes did that mean?
I watched the lump in his throat move up and down as though it couldn't decide which direction it should go. Pa shifted his head toward the setting sun. I knew he was about to say something important, but I still wasn't prepared for what came out of his mouth.
"Hinto's gonna get us to Deadwood quick as he can," he said. "Your destiny depends on me arriving there ... before I expire."

Chapter 3
No Future Without a Past


"They have a doctor there?" I asked hopefully, though the word, destiny, kept banging around in my skull. Maybe he was speaking nonsense because he was feverish from his wound.
And I couldn't for the life of me guess why else he would want to go to Deadwood. We had talked about it, but mostly about its colorful reputation.
"I suppose they do have a doc." He paused for an awfully long time. "Not why we need to go there, though."
"Why then?" The way I heard it, there was nothing but mining and gunfights going on there round the clock. Deadwood sounded dangerous, even without the word, dead, in it.
A little fascinating, too, if I was honest with myself.
Still, it didn't make sense. Before Ma died, we were headed to the middle of California. Deadwood would take us way out of our way.
Last time I looked at the map, which was two days before, the mining town appeared to be a good eight to ten days away.
Pa sighed and faced the brightly-colored hills that looked as though they were poured down from the heavens. Ma used to say it was as if God spilled the whole lot from His drinking cup, then decided they were too plain, took a paintbrush to em, and made em almost unbearable beautiful.
"Dyin' is just God and nature's way of makin' sure ... the strong keep puttin' one foot in front of the other ... and the weak don't bring the strong down." Pa's voice was so quiet I barely heard him.
Was he talking about Ma or himself?
Both were strong in their own way. Ma sang like a bird and cooked like an angel and the clothes on my back always smelled clean after she had her way with em. Surely she wouldn't have taken me and Pa down, even if she'd been sick for a year. The same went for Pa.
"But Hinto got the bullet out," I protested, taking a gander at the wound. The cactus jelly had turned red. "And you're not bleeding anymore." I paused. "Not much, anyway."
"It's a mortal wound, son."
"No." I shook my head. "I don't believe so, I truly don't. We'll get you fixed up"
"I'm proud of you, Maxwell Alexander Beck," he said, lingering over my name  the name he'd given me.
I sniffed to hold back tears. Things must be dire indeed for Pa to get sentimental.
He smiled and squeezed my hand. His eyelids fluttered shut and almost instantly he was asleep.
Daisy and Socks nickered, as if reminding me I had things to do before dark. I started to get up to fetch some tinned beans so I could feed Pa, and caught a whiff of them  cooking. Then I saw Hinto crouched over the fire. How on earth had Hinto opened the tin and heated the beans without me hearing?
I joined Hinto alongside the brightly burning fire. The beans were bubbling in their own sauce, the enticing glubglub sound reminding me just how hungry I was. Hinto poured most of the tin onto a plate and also handed me a long strip of dried meat.
"Thank you," I said and devoured the meal with a gusto that surprised me. When I finished, I noticed Hinto was eating one of his meat strips, but hadn't touched the beans.
"Help yourself," I told him.
Hinto nodded, poured a small portion of the beans onto his meat strip, and proceeded to eat his meal in small measured bites.
I felt angry at myself for being so selfish and not asking him sooner, but I blamed my lack of manners on the extraordinary events of the past few days.
When he finished, he poured a cup of water and plated the rest of the beans and started toward Pa. He turned suddenly, the weather-worn leather fringe of his coat making a barely discernible swishing sound.
He nodded at the horses and I knew he was reminding me they needed taking care of. I scrambled to my feet and raced away.
I heard Hinto begin to chant. His voice was low and rhythmic. I imagined him administering some sort of Indian magic and just knew Pa was wrong about dying.
When I finished the chores, I hurried back to where I had left the two men, but stopped short when I saw they were gone.
I indulged myself in a flight of fancy where Pa was his chipper self, inside the wagon, changing into clothes that didn't have any bullet holes in them.
Things were fine again. At least as fine as they were gonna be without Ma.
But when I looked toward the wagon, the sight of Hinto stepping out of the rear of it made my stomach sink. It also made me realize my imagination couldn't turn back the hands of time.
Hinto met my glance with a look I couldn't fathom, then walked away. I watched him for a moment  he didn't look back at me  then headed straight for the wagon, my brain trying to anticipate what I'd find when I looked inside.
"Boy!"
The sound of Pa calling for me made my knees go weak, though his voice did sound surprisingly robust. Maybe the Indian really had worked some sort of magic on him. I ran the rest of the way.
"Yes, Pa?" I asked, pulling a flap aside and looking toward the middle of the floor.
"Wonderin' where you were," he said.
"Did you get here by yourself?" I asked hopefully.
"No. Hinto." Pa took a deep breath and paused for a long moment. "Come here," he said.
I did as he asked, feeling wary for a reason I couldn't put my finger on.
"I got things to say ... and I need to say em while I can."
My heart sank. In the glow of the lantern, his face looked resigned and had a pinched, tired look. With his arms limp at his sides, he appeared weak as a kitten.
"Pa" I started to protest.
"Our funds are in the bottom of the camphor tin."
Talk about cutting to the chase!
"No one would ever think of looking inside. Stinks too much."
"Do we have enough to get you home?" Truth was I had no idea where home was. We put down roots in Florida, Illinois and Wisconsin, but only for a spell.
"Don't have a home," he said in a sad voice.
"Then where were you born, Pa?" I asked. He'd said out east the one time I asked and immediately changed the subject, so I didn't ask again. Until now.
Something in me suddenly wanted  no, needed  to know. And if he didn't start filling in some blanks, I never would know. It was a sad truth; I didn't have no other relation that I knew of.
He coughed a few times, and I waited patiently as I could for him to answer.
"Philadelphia, Pennsylvania."
"Did you know George Washington?" I asked, remembering the stories about his heroic feats during the American Revolution.
He chuckled and the sound did my heart good. When Ma was alive, we used to sit around the fire laughing well into the night.
"How old ... you think I am, boy?"
I supposed he was about fifty or so, because that was old, and Ma did say just a few weeks before that they were both getting old. I shrugged like I had no idea. Ma used to tell me that folks rarely wanted to hear your honest opinion about personal questions.
"Thirty-nine," he said with a grin. "They planted George Washington long before I was born."
I was glad I kept my thoughts to myself. "I suppose so," I told him with a shrug.
"I'm gonna tell you a little about me so you can have it written on my headstone someday."
I felt conflicted by his words. When Ma died, we buried her under a thin layer of rocky earth and that was that. If someone happened across the grave, they wouldn't have a clue who she was, or even if it was a man or a woman.
The only sentiment expressed that day was Pa saying that Ma thought the spot where we buried her was a perfect place for pondering things.
After we finished shoveling dirt over her body, he'd closed his eyes and said, "Gonna miss you." Not a word more.
I closed my eyes and mumbled, "I'm gonna miss you, Ma," but I left it at that because it was a powerful queer feeling talking to dirt. After I opened my eyes, I placed a few late-blooming violets on top of her.
Even now the thought of Ma made my heart constrict, so I forced my thoughts back to Pa. "I'll make sure you and Ma both have a nice marker. When the time comes, that is."
Pa looked pleased, but I wasn't sure if he was glad I was gonna be setting him up with a nice marker, or if it was because I told him I was gonna take care of him and Ma.
He closed his eyes. "I was a school master. In Kennett Township."
"Why'd you stop teachin'?" I imagined Pa gave it up for adventure, though he never did say.
"A girl," Pa said, a misty look coming into his eyes. "Abigail Winthrop."
The information surprised me. "But Ma"
"It was before I met your ma." He took a few shallow breaths before continuing. "Abby's papa didn't think I was good enough for her."
Good enough? My brain was teeming with questions. I didn't know what to ask first. "Did he say so?"
"He surely did," he said with a lopsided grin. "But me and Abby ran away together anyway. A stray bullet did her in a week later."
"A bullet?"
"Those were wild times."
He coughed again, a gurgling sound that I tried to put out of my mind. It was the same sound animals make before they expire.
Pa sighed. "Soon after, I joined a traveling show." He paused. "I learned what I know about magic and medicine from them."
"A traveling show," I said, more than a little awed.
"Your birth mother, Rebecca, was George's daughter. He owned the show. Rebecca died a week after you were born."
"But I thought Ma"
"Jenny loved you the moment she took you in her arms." He took a couple quick breaths. "She loved you ... 'til she stopped breathin'."
The thought of Ma made my heart ache again. As far as I was concerned, she was my only ma.
"You need to know about Becca, your birth mother. And George."
I didn't see why, seeing as how I never knew her and never would, but figured it would only get Pa upset if I said so. It was interesting to know I had a grandfather, though.
"She had powers." He gave me an assessing look. "Like you."
"I don't have no powers."
"Sure do." He took a few shallow breaths. "You're fast with your hands."
"Not that fast. You have the fastest hands in the West. Maybe even in the whole world. You could beat any old gunslinger."
I thought my words would please him. Instead, his face twisted into a grimace.
"Words like those can get a man killed. Sound like a dare." He paused. "You sense things, son, just like Becca did. When I'm gone, heed what your gut tells you to do. Might make the difference between breathin' or not."
"But Hinto fixed you up good as new. You don't need to be thinking about"
"Hush," he said, though not unkindly. He motioned weakly toward where Ma's purse hung on a hooked nail.
"Inside are a couple of baubles she'd never let me pawn. Ring belonged to Becca, wanted you to give it to your wife someday. Necklace belonged to Abigail. Don't really know why I kept it all this time, but I want you to have that, too."
I didn't care for the morbid turn of his thoughts. "Pa"
"There's more." He took a few more shallow breaths. "Rebecca  your mother  was a seer. Just after you were born ... she saw you with a sheriff's badge on your chest."
"Sheriff's badge!" I nearly tipped over. "But you ... we don't like the law." Pa hadn't actually said those words. It was just a feeling I got. And me being his son, I naturally felt the same way.
He shook his head. "If it wasn't for the law, no one could go about their business. Don't have nothin' against a good lawman ... even if they do frown on our kind."
"Because we sell snake oil?"
"Partly," he agreed. "Becca saw your wife ... a beauty with golden curls. And your daughter." He paused. "A spittin' image of you."
I grinned at the picture in my mind's eye, though I didn't really take too much stock in what seers had to say.
"Said you'd have an older brother ... and he'd die in your arms."
I didn't see how that would come to pass, seeing as how I didn't have a brother, but kept the thought to myself. "That's a lot to chew on," I said instead.
I didn't know how all this talk about the past had anything to do with the days ahead, but I was sure Pa's roundabout way of talking about his life up til now had a purpose, though it was a little murky at the moment.
"Becca's pa is closin' in, boy."
"That's a good thing, right?" I asked, thoroughly confused now. If I understood him, Becca's pa was my grandpa.
"He's evil, boy, through and through." He paused. "He's comin' for you."
His words sent a chill through me, but I couldn't for the life of me utter a word.
"The vulture that's been hanging 'round ... he sent it."
What?! A vulture spy? Things were getting crazier by the second.
"But why would he  George  do that?" I asked calmly, trying not to unduly upset him.
"Let's just say he has some pretty ... peculiar ideas bangin' around inside that skull of his."
I opened my mouth to ask him to expound, but snapped it shut. Maybe I was being daft because I couldn't figure out the gist of what he was trying to say. But then again, maybe Pa was out of his mind because of fever.
"One last thing." Pa turned away from me and looked at the side of the wagon. "You'll be alone on your fifteenth birthday. Becca saw that, too."
I hadn't looked at the calendar in a while. There hadn't been a reason to know the exact day until this very moment.
"What day is it?" I asked, my breath catching in my throat.
Pa put a big X across each day before he went to bed. It was something he never forgot. He said it was important to know what day it was because buyers often asked. Sometimes they weren't even sure what month it was.
A chill went through me as I tried to calculate the date in my head.
"It's the fifteenth of August," he said.
My heart seemed to seize up. My fifteenth birthday was seven days away.

Chapter 4
Useful Things


Not two seconds after that startling bit of information, Pa's lids dropped over his glazed eyes and he fell into a deep slumber.
It was probably on account of what Hinto gave him  Indians had all sorts of powerful medicine. Pa used to say it was stronger and better than the white man's. I truly wished he had something to help me decipher all the words Pa had fed me.
I grabbed Pa's hunting rifle, a 66 Winchester, and went to a rocky perch at the outskirts of our camp.
While I pretended to hunt, I tried not to think too hard about what happened the last time I laid a hand on a firearm, and instead focused on the darkening landscape.
After a few minutes of staring at the jagged hilltops, I hopped off the rock I'd been kneeling on with one knee. The motion startled a rabbit, which in turn made me nearly jump out of my skin.
"Dang it!" I yelled at the rabbit, my voice echoing through the valley before trailing off into nothingness.
Stupid critter.
I watched it hop out of sight and then started back to the wagon, thinking how good rabbit stew woulda tasted.
Whufff.
I stopped in my tracks and turned my head a fraction of an inch in the direction of the soft sound. A man-sized silhouette on top of the hill shifted, and a hand slowly came up in acknowledgment. With that motion, I heard a subtler whufff.
Hinto. He'd been watching me. I raised my hand. Then he turned and walked away. There was nothing left to do but go back to the wagon empty-handed and check on Pa.
Halfway there, I heard the almost imperceptible sound of sand grinding against rock in between my own gritty footfalls. I slowed my pace just a bit so I'd have extra time to figure out what the sound was.
Crrrr. Crrrr. Crrrr. It was an even sound. Stealthy. I turned my head just a bit and caught a shadow ahead of me, to my left.
I tightened my grip on Pa's rifle in my right hand. If someone was fixing to ambush me, I felt fairly confident that I could hear the hammer of their firearm before the shooter could pull the trigger.
Every nerve in my body tensed though I was careful not to give myself away. I continued on my way, turning my head casually now and again to appear natural.
Crrr. Crrr. Then: Haaah. To me, it sounded like wood sliding against leather. I also heard the rough but faint scretch of stone against something softer.
My mind raced. It had to be an arrow being withdrawn from a quiver. I spun to my left, raising Pa's rifle so I could fire it if needed. I expected to see a strange Indian on the rise. Instead, I found myself face to face with Hinto.
The sight of him so unnerved me that I almost dropped my weapon. "Blazes!" I exclaimed, trying to keep my voice low so Pa wouldn't hear.
But the old Indian didn't say a word. He had an arrow in one hand and a bow in the other. He slowly ran the arrow along the bow four times, then slid it back into his quiver without looking. It made the same haaah sound I heard moments earlier.
Hinto placed the bow over his shoulder and took a step back. Then another. Crrr. Crrr.
Hinto was giving me a lesson. I was sure of it. But why? Had Pa asked him to look after me in case he was unable to?
I couldn't think of anything to say so I nodded.
He put one of his big hands on my shoulders and looked me square in the eyes. "Eyes and ears," he told me in that deep, strong voice of his.
Hinto placed a small pouch inside my palm. It was tied at the top and felt like it was filled with some sort of dried greens. I heard the shifting sound of its contents as I closed my hand around it.
I must have been staring at it, thinking about what it could be, because I flinched when I heard him speak again.
"Max."
I looked up at him, wondering how much English he could understand. For all I knew, he could speak English better than me.
He pointed at the pouch in my hand, then at the wagon where Pa was resting. "Drink," he said, bringing a make-believe cup to his lips and drinking from it.
"Tea?"
He nodded.
"What's it for?"
He took the pouch, untied it, and stuck it under my nose.
I recognized it as a flower Ma called yarrow. I knew, too, that it was medicinal in nature.
Then he handed me another tightly-tied small bundle of fresh plant leaves and flowers. I recognized the stems as fresh yarrow.
He pretend-chewed them and motioned to the wagon. He wanted Pa to chew on the bundle. He tilted his head and closed his eyes for a moment.
Apparently the tea and greens would help Pa sleep.
"Thank you." I started toward the fire, though I knew it would be almost out by now. He motioned again toward the wagon.
I wasn't really sure what he wanted, but I wasn't about to tell him to scat. He had a calming presence I was quickly becoming partial to.
His intentions became clear a minute later when he began preparing a fire very near the wagon.
"It's too close," I protested.
"No." He motioned for me to sit.
Once the fire got some size to it, he handed me a pot of water. I set it on the coals and we waited for the water to boil in companionable silence. As the water became reasonably warm, I placed the pouch in the water.
Hinto left and returned with an arm full of pale green sagebrush branches. He placed them on top of the fire.
The smell of smoke reminded me of happier times when me, Ma and Pa used to sit around the fire after a good meal. Sometimes we set corn to popping, or Ma would sing or make up some ditty to amuse us.
I looked up from the fire and was shocked to see Hinto fanning the thick, pale smoke into the wagon.
"No!" I jumped to my feet and got in between him and the wagon in case he didn't know I was getting at.
He ignored me and continued pushing more of the thick smoke inside the wagon.
Since I was taught to respect my elders, and also knew Indians could be stubborn when it came to doing things their way, I stopped protesting and went around to the other side of the wagon. When I looked inside, Pa's head was tilted up toward me.
"How ya feelin'?" I asked.
"Peaceable."
Pa's longish hair, damp from perspiration, hung limply across his brow. His face did indeed look calm. Hinto's smoke seemed to be working.
"Thirsty, though."
His words reminded me of the tea. I went to the fire and fetched it. Briefly, Hinto stopped waving smoke into the wagon. Probably wanted me to be able to see what I was doing.
"Hinto had me make you some tea," I told Pa when I returned.
"Vulture gone?" he asked.
I thought back. I hadn't seen it once since I put a bullet in Pa. "I think so."
He nodded. "You won't see it again," he said, weakly reaching for the cup, "'til it brings George here."
Now I really began to fear for Pa. He was saying things that didn't make a speck of sense.
I brought the cup to Pa's lips. He winced at the heat but drank until the cup was empty. He made a feeble attempt to hold onto the side to steady it, but gave up when his fingers wouldn't close around the handle.
It reminded me of a time a few months back when an old couple took us in during a storm. The old man could barely keep a fork in his hand, so his wife fed him.
Later, when I told Pa that I felt sorry for the old coot, he'd said, "It's just the nature of things. You come into this world a baby and you go out the same way. Unless a bullet gets you first."
A shudder passed through me as I remembered his prophetic words. Pa said my birth ma was a seer, but his words were the ones that seemed to be coming true.
"Yarrow," Pa said, interrupting my introspection. "Fights infection. Helps a body rest."
"Hinto wants you to chew on this, too." I pressed the bundle of greens into Pa's palm.
"More yarrow," he said with a lopsided grin, then sniffed at the smoke coming in the wagon. "Creosote." He took a few shallow breaths. "To purify."
In my experience, smoke usually made things dirty and gritty, but I wasn't about to argue. He seemed much improved from just an hour ago.
Pa chewed halfheartedly on the greens for a few seconds before spitting them out.
"I think you need to keep chewin' on 'em," I said.
"Need to talk."
I felt a frown crease my brow; seemed like every time he had some talking to do, it turned my world upside down.
Pa moved his glassy-eyed gaze to the ceiling of the wagon. "Sure wish I was going to California with you, son."
How sad he sounded. His hollow words made my stomach clench. "You are, Pa," I protested. "Hinto's"
"No."
I bit my lip. I knew deep down he was right, but I couldn't let go of the hope that some miracle would happen.
"I know a man in Deadwood. He'll take you in if he knows you don't have nobody else."
Pa made it sound like I was a burden. "Is he a friend?" I asked, though he never talked about having any pals but me and Ma.
Pa's mouth twisted into a grimace. "Once upon a time, we were best buddies." He started breathing hard.
I patted his hand. Ma used to pat my hand and smile when she was trying to get me to calm down. "You should rest," I said.
He sucked in a deep breath and coughed off to the side. "His name is Turtle. If I expire before you get there, ask for him by name and tell him Edison Beck was your pa." He paused. "I sure hope I live. I'd like to say goodbye, face to face."
"What kind of name is Turtle?" I asked quickly, hoping to erase his sudden, forlorn look.
A boyish smile lit his face and it did my heart good to see it.
"I gave it to him when we were boys." He sucked in a deep breath. "It stuck."
Then, as quickly as a flame is extinguished by a puff of air, Pa's eyes closed and he started breathing softly. I was glad he was resting, but wished I knew more about his mysterious friend named Turtle.
"Max." The word interrupted my musings.
I turned toward the back of the wagon where Hinto was motioning for me to follow him. I quickly placed Pa's hands at his sides, adjusted the blanket over his thighs and hopped out.
"Sleep," Hinto said, pointing to a bed he had fashioned for me near the fire.
"Thank you," I said. "Pa would probably be dead by now if it wasn't for you."
He held my gaze for a moment  it was a calming thing  then sat across from me. I'd pretty much said everything I could say for one day, so I settled into the bed without another word.
Even though this was the worst day of my life, a lot of good had found its way in, too. I learned about a mother and grandfather I never knew I had. I learned a little about Pa's life. I met Hinto. I also learned a few new sounds.
Though Pa didn't say as much, I knew Hinto was taking care of me and Pa because it was what he was supposed to do. Maybe my birth mother had seen Hinto in a dream, too. I decided to ask Pa about it in the morning.
Thinking about dreams made me yawn. As sleep came to me, a man wafted through my dreams. His face was like Pa's.
But unlike Pa's face, his was unyielding and angry. He never said a word, but I just knew his name was Turtle.

Chapter 5
Fiercely


The sun broke out, big and glorious, over the tops of the hills. Its fierce brightness hittin' my eyes through the layers of blanket might have been what woke me, but it was most likely the savory smell of critter stew.
I saw Hinto hunched over a frying pan at the other fire. My stomach was growling, but I ran to the wagon to check on Pa instead.
I hadn't expected Pa to be awake, but he was  propped up on a poufy mound of Ma's dresses, his face sweating profusely.
Pa's prize, hand-drawn map was open over the top of his chest and he was running the fingers of one hand lightly over it as he held it in place with his other palm. A slight smile played across his face.
When I was knee-high, I used to think he ran his hand over the map the way he did because he took pleasure in the worn feel of map paper.
This time it disturbed me, for he had his eyes closed, like he was savoring it because it might be the last time.
"How far is Deadwood?" I asked. One part of me wanted to know our destination; the other wanted Pa to open his eyes and quit fondling that old piece of paper.
His eyelids snapped open. "See this peak?" he asked, moving one finger to an upside-down V on the map.
I settled next to him and looked at the spot near his fingertip. I nodded.
"This is where we need to be." He shuffled his fingertip a tad. I knew what looked like a half-inch on the map was in fact miles away. "This is where we are." He tapped the writing on the map that read, Rabbit Butte.
I smiled. Pa and me would take the "e" off the end of butte and pronounce it like the word, butt. Ma always told us she was not amused, though she used to turn away and smile when she thought we weren't looking.
Pa coughed a few times. A drop of blood covered the words, Rabbit Butte, and I shivered though I wasn't cold.
"Five days. Maybe six." Pa sighed, like he was talking about how much time he had left instead of how much time we had in front of us.
"Depends on the weather." He paused for a breath. "And this is Indian Territory. Remember that. We're the ones trespassing. Not them."
I nodded. Most of the Indians we ran into were like us; they minded their business and didn't bother anyone. Unless, of course, you rumpled their feathers.
It also helped that Pa kept a dictionary of Indian in his noggin and a bottle of whiskey handy in case we had to barter our way out of trouble.
Pa coughed into his sleeve. I noticed it was darker than the rest of his coat and knew it was because it was soaked with old blood.
"Ever notice how much higher the sky is here than anywhere else?" he asked a moment later, his voice whimsical.
I pondered his question. Now that I thought about it, the sky surely did appear so. There was always so much learning going on that I guess I rarely took note of such things.
"A man should always take time to see God's beauty all around us," Pa said, as if reading my thoughts. "I mean it." There was a sudden fierceness in his voice. "I wish I'd noticed every little thing."
"I will. I promise."
"You don't want to pass from this earth ... wishing you'd done things differently." He sighed deeply, then was quiet for so long that I wondered if he was done talkin'.
"You're a man now, Maxwell," he said after what seemed like forever. "You have to think like one to survive."
"I will, Pa."
"Food."
I flinched at the sound of Hinto's voice at the rear of the wagon, but wasn't unhappy about the interruption. Pa was starting to wear on me with all his gloomy talk.
"Hungry?" I asked Pa as I scrambled out of the wagon.
"Fiercely."
I would remember Pa's odd response for the rest of my days.


The next six days passed like one quick breath. I drove the wagon from sunup to sundown every day through the steep, rounded hills and valleys leading to Deadwood.
The trees became plentiful toward the end of our journey. I was on edge every waking second, trying to maneuver the wagon safely through the piney, rutted new terrain.
It rained the second and third days, soaking me to the bone, but I barely noticed. All I could think about was trying to keep the Grim Reaper at bay.
Hinto rode ahead on his big Paint Horse. He would hold up his hand now and again so we could attend to Pa's needs, or eat a can of beans or cook a rabbit or some other critter he shot with his bow and arrow. We met up with a small party of agitated Indians, but Hinto got us on our way with no trouble at all.
We ran into white folks all along the trail, too, but they always steered a wide path around us. I suppose it was because they saw an Indian in front of the wagon. I counted three stage coaches running a parallel course, but other than that  a whole lot of nothing.
"Evil gift! Never!" Pa babbled a stream of never-ending nonsense through the flap of the wagon behind me, but it didn't wear on me like I thought it might. At least when he was talkin' I knew he was alive.
His coughing fits had lessened a tad, but the rasp of his voice had increased to the point where he sounded more animal than man.
Sometimes, after we attended to Pa's needs, Hinto would lead me away from the wagon and show me a new trick. I imagine it was to take my mind off things I couldn't change.
One time, he moved my body so it was facing away from him, then dropped from a ledge and landed just a hair's breadth behind me, with his hands at my throat.
Hinto sure was a quiet one. It took me a half-dozen tries before I could hear him getting ready to drop. It took me another half-dozen tries to catch the sound of him sailing through the air before his moccasins hit the ground.
"Yee-ah!" I yelled and whipped around to fake-throttle him before he could get his hands around my neck. When I mastered that trick, he nodded his approval. Nothing more.
The thing I liked watching most though, was Hinto attaching himself to a horse's side so that he was undetectable to someone on the other side.
Twice, when Hinto was gone, I attached myself to Daisy's side by sprawling out my limbs flat against her and holding onto her mane close to her body.
The first time I lost my grip and slid off into the slippery mud. I felt a fool. The second time I got it right, though Daisy looked a little put out by my constant rearranging.
Pa started refusing food about four days into the trip and only drank water when me and Hinto poured it down his throat. I didn't have to be a genius to know he didn't have long for this world, especially knowing that my birth ma had predicted his death right down to the day.
When Ma died it was unexpected, though I guessed I should have seen it coming. She'd been complaining about her insides for a while. The morning she went to heaven, she was nibbling on a biscuit near the fire. She just tipped over and stopped breathing.
When I compared the two, I guessed I'd rather die like Ma, than the way Pa was gonna. Ma wasn't bothersome to me or Pa. The way Pa was dying, I wouldn't be surprised to wake up with a full head of gray hair.
Hinto reined his Paint to a stop and turned around to face me, cutting my musings short. I brought Daisy and Socks up alongside him.
Hinto pointed to my right. Down in the valley ahead of us was a small, dingy looking house. Next to that were a few cattle grazing on the hillside, probably milking cows. People on horseback and in wagons had become a more common sight, too. I guessed that meant Deadwood wasn't far away.
He nodded toward the valley. "Town."
So this was the end of the road. I knew this day would come, but I was surprised at how uneasy I felt. I clamped my jaw together to quell the urge to beg him to stay with me.
"You go," he said, as if to bring home the point that he no longer wanted to be saddled with a white boy.
Before I could answer, he turned and trotted his horse back the way we came.
Not only did I feel as confused as a mole on mountaintop, I had never felt so all alone  even if Pa was only a few feet behind me.
Even with the defeat of Custer and the tentative treaty that followed, most Indians shied away from white folks, except for trips to the rations station. But not Hinto, he had stayed with me and Pa for miles and miles.
I sure wish I knew why he did it. Guess I never would know now.
About the same time, Pa cried out in a loud voice. Among the sounds, I thought I heard the word, "Jenny"  Ma's name.
"We're almost there, Pa," I said, the smell of freshly-cut pine trees assailing my nostrils. Everything smelled new around these parts, even though I took in just as much dead wood as live.
Pa suddenly went silent, like someone slapped him across the face. It unnerved me, so I click-clicked my tongue to keep the horses moving up the steep incline.
We joined what looked like a main road and the scenery changed dramatically. The road went flat, and grubby men on horses and mules appeared out of nowhere and trotted past in both directions. Oddly, none of them gave me a second look.
As I got closer to town, I heard distant gunfire. But then I focused on the sounds and realized some of it had to be explosions, mining noises most likely.
I was still skittish when it came to handling the Colt, but I brought it out from under my rump and placed it near my right hand on the wagon seat.
"Almost there," I said, more to myself than to Pa.
Every nerve in my body stretched tight while my brain sought out potential danger. Along with that, I tried to memorize the new landscape and odd sounds so I could figure them out later.
Capuk! was the most intriguing one.
I eyed the hills that flanked me, so steep they looked impossible to traverse on horseback, much less on foot. Imagine my surprise when I saw horses picking their way up the hills like mountain goats, with riders atop, no less.
"Hoo-ee. Would you look at that?" I told Daisy and Socks as we drove into the town proper. The fine buildings and big, fancy houses perched on the hillsides looked like they belonged in a big city, not a mining town.
I also saw a small, shacky building with Sioux Indians going in and out of it. They were carrying things, so I guessed it was a rations station  the first I'd ever seen.
Then buildings started crowding each other. It was exactly what I expected, yet nothing that I expected. I was spellbound by it all.
Who hadn't heard stories about Saloon #10 and Wild Bill Hickok getting shot holding a pair of aces and a pair of eights?
I truly wouldn't have been surprised to drive into a hail of bullets upon entering the mining and gambling town.
At the sight of a giant blue and maroon-colored house, I felt a bit of longing I couldn't explain. What would my life have been like if I had stayed in one place for longer than a week?
I thought about a dog for some odd reason. I always wished I had one. I did when I was young, but it got shot somehow and that was the end of me havin' a dog.
Then I smelled berry pie and frying beef. Sour biscuits, too. And a pungent smell that made my mouth water, though I never smelled anything like it before.
A meal in a saloon or restaurant was a luxury saved for extra special days, and I could count the times I'd eaten in either establishment on one hand. But seeing as how it was my birthday and we made it to Deadwood like Pa wanted, I guessed it was a special day.
I hoped I could find the man named Turtle real soon so he and Pa could talk and I could eat, though I had no idea where to start lookin' and who to ask.
A man atop a fine dark horse with white stockings appeared. He was wearing a long coat. As he turned toward me, I saw the telltale points of a star badge. A lawman!
He sat tall in his saddle, his dark hair topped by a black hat with a band. He wore a long, black mustache, the ends fluttering in the breeze over his neatly tied bandana. The rhythmic, unmistakable creak of new saddle leather as he rode toward me told me he was a man of means.
"Turtle!" At least that's what my brain heard when Pa called out.
I blinked to force the fog from my brain and focused on the man with the badge. He seemed fixated on me. If he didn't move aside soon, I'd have to rein up.
As I rode closer, the situation got worse. The lawman had the face of the man in my dream, the one I associated with the man named Turtle.
"Hold up, boy!" he called to me. A hack went by, making a wide path around him and me.
I did as he asked. Pa started ranting louder than ever as we rolled to a stop. I wished I could call back to him that everything was all right so he'd settle down, but I wasn't so sure that it was. Something in my gut told me this man was gonna cause some sort of ruckus.
The man approached cautiously. His hand hovered near his gun, much like Pa's did when he wasn't quite sure about something.
I don't know why I felt so apprehensive. He was a lawman and I was just a boy looking for a man named Turtle, who might or might not be a figment of my feverish pa's imagination.
"Can I help you?" he asked, though there was no kindly tone to it at all.
"Yessir," I replied, wishing he would move his hand away from his gun. "My Pa is dying."
He brought his mount closer. Close enough so that when Pa started yelling again, his horse skittered back a few steps.
I saw his shiny badge clearly now and his pistol. It was newer than Pa's Colt and had a pearl handle. I'd never seen one like it this close before. It was a sight to behold.
"What's he dying of?"
"I shot him," I said, and saw his hand make the merest move toward his gun again. "Purely accidental," I said. "My name is Maxwell Beck and I really need to find a doctor."
His brows came down when he heard my name, or maybe I just imagined it. All I know for sure is that I didn't imagine the growing look of irritation on his face the longer we exchanged words.
It didn't make a speck of sense to me. Wasn't a lawman supposed to look out for folks? This one didn't seem to care at all that I was looking for help for my dying pa.
"What'd you say your name was?"
"Maxwell Beck."
He brought his horse around so he was on the same side as my gun. Pa started hollering again. All the horses flinched, though Daisy and Socks should have been used to Pa's noises by now.
"I really need to get to a doctor," I said, growing impatient with the dillydallying lawman. "Please, sir."
At the word "please," he seemed to relax a bit, which, in turn, made me relax.
"I'll take you there," the lawman said. "But I'd appreciate it if you'd put your weapon on the floorboard."
It wasn't an unreasonable request, so I did as he asked, taking in the town looming before me. I saw a large theater with the name Bella Union painted in big letters near the roof. It looked like it had been recently erected.
The lawman brought his horse almost against the wagon. Something was surely bothering him, for his brows were even lower on his face than they were before.
"What's your pa's name?"
"Edison Beck."
He looked as if I had struck him. "Why'd you come here, boy?" he demanded, his voice angry and measured.
"I ... I ... I ..." I stammered, "Pa told me I should come here to find a man."
"What man?"
"He said his name was Turtle."
His eyes narrowed to mere slits. "I was called Turtle once upon a time, by my lowlife, no-good brother, Edison. I hope, for your sake, your pa ain't him."

Chapter 6
Dead


What on earth was I supposed to say to that?
The lawman swung off his horse and thrust his reins toward me. Somehow I got my numb fingers around the fine leather. I shuddered to think what would happen if I let his horse run off.
The wagon shifted as the mustachioed man entered through the rear. I heard the creak of our lantern swinging from its handle. I pictured it close to Pa's face, so the lawman could see for himself if Pa was the same Edison Beck he didn't care for. A soft curse followed.
"Eddie. Look at me! Eddie? Speak to me!"
I didn't think the lawman had cause for such unpleasantness, given the fact he was talking to a man who most likely didn't have long for this earth. But I didn't say it; I was too busy listening and wondering why he was calling my Pa, Eddie.
I heard no reply from Pa, though his incoherent mumbling had subsided. I had an almost overwhelming urge to turn around and open the flap to see what was transpiring, but I quelled it.
Hahrrrph. It was the sound of rough cloth being brought against even rougher material. Either Pa was trying to tidy up, or the lawman was attempting to do it for him. Sounded like a bit of harsh whispering, too, but I dismissed it as me having an overly active imagination. Maybe it was only wishful thinking. Pa was beyond uttering real words.
Could the lawman really be Pa's brother? The one Pa had called "friend?" Must be so, I reasoned, but, if it was true, what had driven the two apart?
The sudden shift of the wagon told me the visit was over. Turtle had spent less than a minute with Pa. I was starting to form a bad opinion of this stranger.
"What's your Ma's name?" he asked as he rounded the wagon.
"Jenny," I said, handing him back his reins. I saw his nostrils flare.
"Where is she?" he asked tightly.
"Dead."
The lawman sucked in a breath. "Did he mistreat her?" he asked, jerking his head toward the wagon with such force I thought he would dislodge his beautiful hat.
"What is your problem, mister? Pa didn't do a blamed thing to Ma," I said, annoyed over his idiotic questions. "She tipped over while she was eatin' breakfast. Complained a bit about her stomach the day or two before. That's all there is to it," I said, unable to stop the sudden catch in my voice. "Pa said it was most likely inflammation of the bowels." I swallowed hard. "It was a sudden ailment that caught us both by surprise."
Suddenly I didn't care about this cruel man anymore. Who talked about dying kin, or even a stranger, in such a manner? And if I never got the chance to know an aunt or uncle, I decided I wasn't missing much. Turtle Beck was obviously not worth knowing better.
"Pardon me, but I really do need to find a doctor." I click-clicked my tongue and Daisy and Socks lurched forward, leaving the nasty lawman behind me.
Even through the noise of clodding hooves, I heard him curse. He had called me boy, so I wasn't worried about him putting a hole in me for talking back to him  it just wasn't something a man would do. Otherwise, I'm sure he may have entertained the thought. Maybe he did, anyway. Who knew what thoughts lurked behind that angry puss of his?
Drrrump drrrump drrrump. It was the sound of racing hooves. If a body wasn't sorting through sounds, he would have missed it. I almost did, and my brain was always sorting through sounds without me even being aware of it.
Regardless of the fact that Turtle was most likely alongside me by now, I rose up off the wagon bench and turned to see how many horses were coming up behind me.
Two men with long blonde hair, one wearing a hat, the other not, were racing toward me. Both wore wide-eyed excited looks. Turtle was coming toward me, too, but he wore a dark look that would curdle milk.
As the two strangers got closer, I could see them reaching for their guns, though I couldn't hear the actual sound through the cacophony of horse and wagon noises.
Incredibly, the lawman acted as if he didn't know the men were bearing down on him. He just kept staring at me with the oddest look I've ever seen.
Had Pa been on that horse and right in the head, he would have had his gun out and trained on the two men by now. Maybe the lawman really wasn't any relation to Pa, after all.
I had a feeling in my gut what was going to happen next, though I truly have never been in such a powerful situation.
First thing I did was force the lawman out of my mind and move every bit of concentration I could muster to the two men on racing horses.
I removed the sound of horse hooves drumming the earth and the whoof of air lurching out of their lungs each time their hooves hit the ground.
I dismissed the faint creak of saddle leather as they shifted to get a better shot, though I still wasn't a hundred percent sure who they were trying to shoot. I was even able to dismiss the low sound of a distant explosion.
Calick. Click. Almost in unison, the two men brought the hammers of their pistols back. They were going to shoot me!
My glance flew from their pistols to their faces.
No! I wasn't their target. The lawman was, and he still didn't know it.
I may go to hell for admitting it, but I was sorely tempted to let them do what they intended, but Ma and Pa had drummed it into my skull that the Devil would claim my soul if I purposely let a bad thing happen to another human being.
Huhwhoo! That was me, spinning in a half circle to pick up the Colt. Huhawhoo! I spun back, had the pistol in hand and was facing all three men before a quarter-second had passed.
I saw the stunned look on Turtle's face as I brought up the Colt; he thought I was fixin' to shoot him!
He was directly between the two riders, though they were a good hundred feet behind. The fact that he, a lawman, still didn't realize two men were bearing down on him, was puzzling indeed.
My main thought though, was that I hoped Daisy and Socks would keep their steady pace, otherwise I wasn't exactly sure what I'd hit when I squeezed the trigger.
The crazy intent look on both of the strangers' faces  a sort of ha! gottcha look  told me they were a split second away from putting a bullet in the lawman.
If I didn't do something now, I would never know what happened between Pa and Turtle. And I was fairly itching to know.
I was fanning the hammer before Turtle had his gun out of his holster. I figured he would be firing at me pretty quick. But I was a boy, so he would probably only try to wound me. Also, since I knew he was gonna fire at me, I would most likely be able to dodge his bullets. And if a bullet, or bullets, did strike my person, I felt fairly certain they would not kill me.
Kkk-kkk! My first two shots hit the meat of the first rider's right shoulder, spinning him around and off his horse. I brought the Colt past Turtle and fanned the hammer two more times before the rider was halfway out of his saddle.
Kkk-kkk! With the same precision, I hit the meat of the second rider's left shoulder and spun him off his horse. No sense wrecking the joint if I didn't have to.
While the two men and their guns hit the dirt, I watched shock register on the lawman's face as he spun to see what was transpiring behind him. The two strangers' horses raced past.
The man named Turtle seemed to have an arsenal of queer looks, because he gave me another one. Then he dug in his heels and wheeled his horse around to where the two men lay, writhing and hollering in the street.
The lawman never relinquished his hold on his firearm, but at least now he had it pointed at the two outlaws instead of me.
And he finally had his back to me  which meant he trusted me, at least more than the men on the ground, anyhow.
Pa cried out then. It was a different sound from anything I'd ever heard before.
With a sinking feeling, I stopped the wagon, put the Colt on the floorboard  didn't think I'd need it again for a few minutes at least  and hopped into the wagon.
Pa was looking at me with the calmest expression I'd ever seen.
"Pa?"
He just kept looking at me. It didn't spook me, but I didn't like it either, because I knew he was dead. Swallowing hard, I gently wiped my palm over his eyes to close his lids.
Then the strangest thing happened. I heard the sound of singing. It was so faint that anyone else would have thought they were imagining it. It was a death song, and I knew it was Hinto singing because he knew Pa was gone.
Indians just knew that kind of thing even if they weren't right there. I didn't question it because I heard Pa talk about it from time to time.
Then I crumpled to the floor of the wagon, sobs wracking my whole body. I'd lost so much weight the past week I felt my shudders right to my bones.
A thousand thoughts flapped about in my noggin. Today was the twenty-second of August, my fifteenth birthday, and I was alone just as my birth mother predicted.
Ma said a birthday should be a day of celebration, but I knew I would never celebrate this particular day again.
I wondered if my birth mother would be right about the rest of what she saw, too. It was a sobering thought, even though I was already as sober as one could be.
"Get out here, boy!" the lawman called in a loud voice.
I sniffed, but didn't flinch. I was getting used to the snarl that seemed attached to the man named Turtle.
I hurriedly wiped my nose with the back of my sleeve and crawled alongside Pa. His hands were out from his sides, palms open, like he was getting ready to greet his Maker. Knowing Pa as I did, I was sure they would have a fine time getting acquainted in person. The thought made me smile.
My smile disappeared when I poked my head out the back of the wagon. Nothing about facing the angry man pleased me. Besides, if I was wearing a smile, he would probably think it was because I was up to no good.
Turtle was on his feet, keeping one eye on the two criminals. The two men I'd shot were still on the ground. I have to admit I was impressed with what the lawman had accomplished in the little time I'd been with Pa.
They were pretty much hog-tied and at Turtle's mercy. I met the sheriff's steely glance with one of my own, but didn't say a blamed thing.
He called for me, not the other way around. The way I figured it, I didn't owe the man a damned thing. Moreover, I didn't particularly care for him.
"Why'd you do it?" the lawman asked after what seemed like an eternity.
"Do what?" He could've meant any number of things.
"You could've let em shoot me."
I shook my head. "That woulda been wrong."
"Because I'm the sheriff?"
I shook my head again. "No one deserves to get shot in the back." I'd had enough talk. "Pa's dead."
He nodded. "Undertaker's at the end of the street. White sign. Has a cross on it."
"I can read," I said, a bit defensively.
"Well that's something, isn't it?"
It was anyone's guess whether he was just being pissy or if he meant it in a good way. That was just another thing I didn't like about him.
"Hee-yah! A scrawny little boy saved yer neck!" one of the long-haired men at his feet crowed.
Turtle hauled the nasty-mouth to his feet. "If it wasn't for the boy, I would've seen you comin'."
The other man hooted his disdain. "You're full a sh"
Turtle fisted the man's stomach. The raggedy outlaw made an oomph of pain and I winced right along with him.
"Yer gonna be mighty sorry you did that! Brady's gonna turn you inside out and feed ya to the hogs!" he yelled once he recovered his breath.
That was by far the most vicious diatribe I had ever heard. I wondered if the man on the ground was one of the men featured on one of my wanted posters. I decided to check later. But for now, all eyes  including mine  were on the lawman.
"Guess the yella-belly would have to show his face first, wouldn't he," Turtle said. I noticed it was more of a statement than a question. I also guessed Turtle didn't have much to live for; otherwise he wouldn't be spouting off in such a foolhardy manner.
The next thing that happened will be forever imbedded in my brain. That was because I forgot to pay attention to my surroundings. This was something Pa warned me about, over and over again.
The quieter of the two men, who I decided were brothers because of their aquiline noses and smallish eyes, produced a knife. I didn't see from where, but it had to be tucked up his sleeve because his arms were tied at his sides. He couldn't have gotten it from anywhere else.
Whiff. The noise was completely unexpected. The small knife blade glinted in the sun as it spun toward Turtle. He ducked and simultaneously drew his gun, firing at the thrower.
Ka-pow! The bullet hit the outlaw dead center of his chest. It was such a perfect shot it was almost as if Turtle had all the time in the world to make sure of his aim before pulling the trigger.
The knife continued spinning through the air past the lawman, making small whiffing sounds with each revolution.
The force of the bullet knocked the outlaw back to the dirt street. He was dead. I could tell it even from where I stood.
"Blazes! You didn't have to kill him!" The words were out before I could stop them. And if there was one thing I knew about words said in a hurry, you couldn't take 'em back.
The lawman gave me a look so full of anger it made me want to turn away. But I didn't. Maybe deep down I was afraid to.
"I surely did," the lawman told me through clenched teeth.
As he turned, I noticed the barrel of his pistol was short, maybe about three and a half inches long at the most. I guessed that was so it would be easy to hide.
Turtle didn't have to kill the man. The knife was small, like something a woman might carry in her purse for protection. And the outlaw's arms were bound, so he couldn't put a lot of muscle behind the throw.
Even if the knife had struck the sheriff, it would have caused him a bit of pain, nothing more. My opinion was still the same  the sheriff killed the man for no good reason.
"Damn you, sheriff!" the dead man's brother cursed. "You is gonna be sorry!"
"That's what you said," Turtle replied calmly.
He went to the dead man, reached into his pockets and placed the items he found there into his own pocket, including a small gold pocket watch.
"Hey! That was Pa's watch!" the wounded man accused. "Billy never went anywhere without it."
"Don't think he'll need it where he's going," Turtle said in a low voice. When he turned to face me, I swear he had a satisfied look on his face.
"Get your pa outta here," he told me, then prodded the dead man with the toe of his fancy boot.
The sheriff had to be the meanest man alive.
Before I could turn to do as he asked, he abruptly glanced over his shoulder at me. "I said, go."
I gritted my teeth. No wonder Pa and this man had not remained on friendly terms. At the same time it made me happy I never got the chance to have a brother. If Turtle Beck was what a brother was like, I didn't want no part of it.
An image of a boy, the same age or maybe a little older than me, flashed through my noggin. He had bright blue eyes  the color of a bluebird's wings  that were regarding me in an assessing manner.
I blinked to rid myself of the image. Truth was I rarely daydreamed. This time it made me think of what Pa said about my birth mother being a seer. It made me uneasy to think it might be in my blood, too.
Forcing the boy's face out of my mind, I set off down the road to find the undertaker, glad the sheriff had to deal with the live brother and the dead one all by his lonesome.
It had been on the tip of my tongue to ask him if he wanted me to catch their horses, but he had made his own bed as far as I was concerned. Now he could lay in it.
As I drove Daisy and Socks down the angled street, searching for the undertaker's sign, I hoped the Grim Reaper would leave me be for a while. A child shouldn't have to bury both his folks so close together.
The worst part about the whole thing was I didn't have a clue about how to go on living by myself. Pa said to tell Turtle I didn't have nowhere else to go, but I'd rather eat dirt and sleep on the ground than ask him to take me in.
I already felt a little dead on the inside, or maybe I was just feelin' a little sorry for myself now that end of my life as I knew it had arrived.
Pa would've given me a soft cuff to the back of the head and said, "Boy, feeling sorry for yourself ain't gonna put clothes on your back or food in your mouth. Stop moping and start doing. You're a man now."
I stopped moping. The problem was, I didn't know what needed doing.

Chapter 7
After Pa


The undertaker, a portly man with a red face who wheezed every time he uttered a word or moved, initially wasn't happy to see a raggedy boy hauling his dead pa in the back of a wagon.
When I handed him three gold coins from Pa's camphor jar, his demeanor changed. I told him I wanted Pa to be buried in a cemetery and have a little marker. He smiled cordially and told me he would bury him high up on the hill in the Mount Moriah Cemetery.
He winked and said it was where all the famous folks were buried, like James Butler Hickok and Charles Mason. I knew James Butler Hickok as Wild Bill Hickok, but didn't know who the Mason fellow was. The undertaker also said some fine Chinese folk were buried there, too.
Didn't surprise me, I saw a number of em on the way to the undertaker's shop. They stuck out like a sore thumb, though they seemed to keep to themselves. I also saw a tall black woman walk around the front of a hotel, carrying a bucket. Curiously, I didn't see one Indian.
The undertaker let me clean up a bit after we brought Pa inside. I bought a few things from a fatherly old man at the grocery store with some of the remaining coins I had, then headed out of town, eating a chunk of cheese as I drove the team. My shrunken stomach growled a bit in protest, but the rest of me was as happy as I could be given the circumstances.
I told the shopkeeper about Pa and my plans to leave town in a few days, and asked if he would be interested in buying my wagon and the things inside. He said he would take everything but the wagon. He said to tell Curly at the livery that he had sent me, and I would get top dollar for it.
Daisy and Socks weren't for sale. They were wagon-trained, but weren't averse to letting me ride 'em now and again. Even if they weren't particularly good riding horses, I wanted to keep 'em. They were the only family I had.
I thought about the cemetery high up on the hill. The part about famous folks being buried there didn't matter to me, but I knew it would've pleased Pa. It would have pleased him even more if Ma was there with him, but guess it didn't pay to ponder things that would never happen.
Later on, when I was able, I would get him a nice stone to replace the marker. I'd also go back to where Ma rested and put a marker there. A man should have a purpose, Pa used to say.
Right then and there I decided that remembering Ma and Pa with a fine marker or stone was gonna be my purpose in life.
But that was the future. Right now I needed to get through the rest of the day. Main Street was a busy place, so I tried to stay out of the way as best I could while taking in the hustle and bustle with eager eyes.
I thought a bit about what lay beyond the hills at the edge of town and what I would be riding into. I decided to hang around Deadwood for a few days to make sure Pa was resting peacefully before moving on.
I wish I could say that I didn't give Turtle another thought, but I couldn't seem to get his scowling face out of my head.
Just then I felt, rather than heard, Hinto. He stood just off the road, next to his Paint Horse. I reined Daisy and Socks to a halt and nodded at him. He raised his hand.
I never knew any of my grandfathers, but I had a feeling they would be just like Hinto.
Grinning for no particular reason, I hopped into the back of the wagon and tossed some things into a leather sack. He'd done more than a white man would've done for me in the same situation.
The things I gathered were things I wouldn't need  things that would only slow me down if I didn't sell them to the shopkeeper.
Hinto waited for me in the shadows of the big pines. Apparently he didn't like towns much, or maybe it was just that towns didn't like Indians.
"For you," I said, handing him the sack as I reached him.
I could've said lots more. Like how I probably wouldn't have been able to keep Pa alive long enough to get him to Deadwood if it hadn't been for him, or how I might not have found my way to Deadwood by myself, or how I was really gonna miss him. But I didn't.
"There's a pair of Pa's pants in there. Too long for me." I looked away for a moment to work up the courage to say something that had been on my mind since I walked out of the undertaker's shop.
"You can come with me, you know," I said.
"You stay here," he said in that throaty voice of his.
"No. I'm not stayin'," I told him with a firm shake of my head so he would get the drift. I had no reason to stay.
"You stay," he said again. We both heard the sound of galloping hooves at the same time.
Ta-rumm, ta-rumm-mm. The sound of two horses galloping; their footfalls almost in unison, but not quite. They were big horses. Their gait was a controlled gallop, not a racing gallop, like they knew they were almost where they wanted to be.
"Law man." He held up two fingers.
I frowned. If Hinto said it was the lawman, it was the lawman. He was always right. I wondered who the second rider was. I didn't know anyone else in town besides the grocer and undertaker and neither looked they'd been on a galloping horse in their whole life.
The fact that I didn't ever want to see the lawman again made me want to run to the wagon and race away as fast as I could. But I didn't. Pa said I was a man now, so I guessed I should stay and face whatever came my way.
Turtle Beck galloped up to my wagon, a second man just behind him. Turtle turned in my direction. The other man followed his glance, his body turning a bit. I caught the glint of another badge. Hinto had been right.
Both men dismounted and made their way to where me and Hinto were standing. Turtle's glance went to the sack in Hinto's hands. The other man had a face like a cat. He even had yellowish eyes to match.
The sheriff continued to frown at the sack in Hinto's hands. The gesture made me defensive. "I gave it to Hinto. Just a few things I don't have any use for."
"You know this Indian?" the other man said with a sneer on his face.
I usually reserve judgment of new acquaintances until I know them a bit, but I already knew this lawman was going to be someone I wasn't going to care for all that much.
"Who are you?" I asked. I know it wasn't polite, but I didnt like the way the smarmy lawman was looking at Hinto. I'd seen the look before. He thought he was better than Hinto.
"Deputy Daniel Deetz," he said, pulling out a gold pocket watch. He opened it, gave it a cursory look and slid it back into his pants pocket.
I wasn't sure if he was trying to impress me, or if he was seeing how much time he was wasting.
"Maxwell Beck," I told him.
"I know who you are," the deputy said. "What I asked was how you know the Indian."
I glanced at Hinto. His expression was as stony as the rocky hills around us. He continued to stare at Deputy Deetz  which just might cause problems if it went on too long.
"He was a friend of Pa's," I said, but looked at Turtle this time. "He kept Pa alive for the past week and got us here. He's a good man."
If one of them said one more word about Hinto being an Indian, I swear I was gonna do something that would land me in jail for the night.
"He's my friend, too," I said.
Turtle gave Hinto a lingering glance then moved it to me. "You're pretty handy with a gun," he said. It was probably the closest the man ever came to giving a compliment. "You any good with a rope?"
"Fair to middlin'." I'd rather have him think I was worse than I actually was. Pa said bragging can get you killed. Still, I had no idea what the sheriff was getting at.
"Been around cattle much?"
"Can't say that I have," I admitted, wondering where the conversation was headed.
"I have a ranch on the other side of town. Room and board and fifty cents a day for the first week. A dollar a day, after." He paused. "If you stay."
You could have knocked me over with a feather. The words that came out of his mouth were the last words I had expected to hear.
But his words if you stay lingered in my head. He could've meant if I liked it there I could stay, or he could've meant that if he didn't like me I wouldn't stay. Murky words, but maybe I was only making them so.
I glanced over at Hinto. He inclined his head ever so slightly. I guessed it was a nod, and couldn't help but wonder if he understood what the sheriff was saying, or if he just wanted me to do what the sheriff wanted so as to avoid trouble.
"The undertaker said he's burying your pa in Mt. Moriah Cemetery."
Surprised me some that he knew that much, but I guess it shouldn't have. He'd probably delivered the dead outlaw to the undertaker and asked about Pa while he was there. Maybe he figured, since I was alone, he could get another laborer for cheap.
Truth was, a dollar a day at some point in the future sounded like a fortune. I could get Ma and Pa both fine markers. And the thought of someone making my vittles sounded like heaven.
"I'd like to give it a try," I said.
The sheriff nodded. "Deetz'll take you there. I don't have a problem with the Indian stopping by to see how you're doing now and again, but make sure you tell Sarge about him first."
I nodded, but didn't thank him. I also didn't ask who Sarge was. Reckoned I'd find out soon enough.
While the two lawmen walked back to the road, I held out my hand. Hinto took it firmly in his and gave it a shake. I thought I'd better say goodbye in case I never saw him again.
He had something in his hand which he transferred to mine, and then hugged me to him for a brief moment. When he stepped away, I looked at the fine necklace formed of bones and beads he had placed in my palm. I turned it over and smiled at the beauty of it.
"I like it. A lot. I hope you'll stop by and see me," I said.
He reached underneath the top of his coat and pulled out a necklace very similar to mine. It choked me up for some reason. I placed the necklace he had given me over my head and under my shirt. I gave it a pat from the top of my shirt. It felt like it belonged there.
For the first and what I expected would be the only time, he smiled a real smile. Once he slung the sack over his horse's back, he hopped on top and disappeared deep into the thick pine trees that crowded the top of the slope.
I walked back to the road where Deputy Deetz was waiting. He had his fancy pocket watch in his hand again and was wiping the face of it with a white silk hankie. It was the kind of hankie Ma would've called a church hankie.
"Ready?" he asked. Now that the sheriff had ridden off, the deputy didn't hide his annoyance with the task he had been given.
"Yessir."
He carefully put his gold watch in his pocket, then roughly wheeled his horse around with a sharp jerk of his hand. The unfortunate beast tossed its head in annoyance, skittering sideways when Deetz dug his heels into its sides. The man was all hard edges.
But maybe that was a requirement of being a lawman in the Dakota Territory, I thought as I maneuvered Daisy and Socks around.
I watched the last of Hinto's back disappear into the thick pines as he and his Paint climbed the steep slope. Then I heard the faint sound of Indian singing and knew I was probably never gonna see that fine man again.
Why on earth did I say I'd work for the humorless sheriff? I wondered. As I drove past the undertaker's shop, I realized I knew the answer.
I didn't have anything left to lose.

Chapter 8
Settling In


Ranch work was a lot harder than I imagined, and I was used to doing my fair share. It was also a lot more enjoyable than I expected. For hours at a time, I was able to forget that Ma and Pa were gone and, more importantly, what I did to Pa.
Sarge, the foreman, was a kindhearted giant of a man with a belly as big as a bear's. The end of his nose was covered by the curliest orange mustache I'd ever seen, making me wonder if and when I'd ever have a proper mustache.
"Turtle calls me the foreman, but I'm just a glorified bean master," he told me when I arrived. "Even then, I only cook when Jaw-Long gets a bug up his butt over something or other."
He laughed, so I guessed he was only poking a little fun at the only Chinaman on the ranch. I later learned those two were closer than anyone else, except maybe Turtle and Jaw-Long.
I did ask Sarge how he got his name. He told me he was a sergeant in the Confederate Army, but didn't share any details.
On more than one occasion, I remember Pa saying the subject of the Civil War still made a lot of folks sore, so I could understand Sarge's reluctance to talk about it.
Regardless of his thoughts about the war, Sarge was a kind man who took the time to show me around and tell me what was expected of me. He had a real funny bone, too.
Turtle hired a lot of cowboys when it was time to drive the cattle to market, but didn't have enough cattle to keep 'em on full-time. The only other ranch hands besides me were named James Wats and Phineas Stevens.
I usually only saw Jaw-Long when it was time to eat or settle in for the night. One day, the Chinaman prepared a meal of steamed and fried vegetables and meat that had to be the best meal I ever ate. The smell was similar to the wonderful smell I had sniffed on the way into Deadwood. Otherwise, Jaw-Long spent every free second with the horses.
Sarge said he could talk to horses better than most people could talk to people. I vowed to see if I could pick up some of Jaw-Long's skills when the occasion presented itself.
Ma used to say languages were God's way of helping us make friends. Pa could converse with almost anyone, red, white, black, or yellow, so I naturally agreed with her view.
James and Phin didn't jaw a lot when we were outside the bunkhouse, but there was no disputing they were good men, too.
If either of them saw me falter at a task, they were quick to step in and show me the right way. It made the switch from nomadic lifestyle to stationary as a post a little easier. Phineas even said I reminded him of his little brother back in Kansas.
I found out a host of other interesting tidbits the first couple of days at my new home.
"Boss told me how you just lost your pa and I said we could use a hand around here," Sarge told me when I arrived, giving me a slap on the back that was almost hard enough to knock me off my feet. Boss meant Turtle Beck.
I also found out that Turtle's real name was Chase, but the name Turtle had been given to him as a youngster because of his slow, methodical way of doing and figuring things out.
The fact that Turtle had talked to Sarge about me instead of hiring someone else made me feel that Turtle did have his heart in the right place.
Apparently he didn't tell Sarge I was his nephew, though, but that was his right. In any event, maybe sharing the Beck family name was just a coincidence. Pa had said more than one queer thing when he was out of his head.
My first seven days on the ranch consisted of stringing barbed wire, rescuing cattle, and moving 'em around. I worked especially hard to prove myself. I wanted to be worth five dollars a day, not the fifty cents that Turtle said he was gonna pay me.
When he was at home, he rarely said a word to me, though he joked and chatted with the other men. He even spoke to Jaw-Long, on occasion in the Chinaman's tongue. I learned that Jaw-Long also spoke another tongue because his pa was from a place called Edo in the Empire of Japan.
To be fair, Turtle did nod in my direction when I caught his eye, and I saw him stare at me in a contemplative way whenever I was with Dog. Dog's a big, wooly herding dog that Turtle purchased from a European man who bred it especially for that purpose.
Sarge said Dog was as good with goats and sheep as he was with cattle. He said he knew it because Dog followed him to the neighbor's house and got their sheep together in one neat bunch in less than two minutes.
Turtle and Sarge talked about the neighbors, Ben and Katharine, an elderly couple, in a nice way, like they were related to them.
I even asked Sarge if they were, but he just laughed and said not by blood, but anyone at the ranch would be proud to call 'em Ma and Pa.
I spent a lot of time with Dog. "Are you hungry?" I'd ask him in a soft voice when no one else was close by.
Dog liked to take things from my hand. When he was finished licking his chops, he would sit next to me and lean in against me so I could do some scratching. We became best friends in no time flat.
I finally sold the wagon. I kept Daisy and Socks, though Sarge insisted that I needed a quick horse to be a real cowboy.
Turtle told him I could buy one of his horses, if I decided to stay, or if I didn't like any of them, I could buy a horse from another rancher.
Turtle had nice horses. A half dozen of his herd were Paints, and all the Paints I'd been around were quicker than lightning.
There was one that really stood out, because of its white head and mostly black body with small white spots. It reminded me of Hinto's mount. I mentioned to Sarge that I would like to purchase that particular horse, mainly because I noticed Jaw-Long spent a lot of time with it.
"That's a lot o' horse for a boy," Sarge said with a kind chuckle.
Even so, I bristled. "I can ride a horse."
"I know you can." He smoothed his unruly mustache away from his nostrils as he stared at the beast. "He's what the rest of us call an owl-head. The only one of us who can handle that horse is Jaw-Long."
Just then Jaw-Long appeared inside the corral. He went to the magnificent beast and eased a bridle over its head. He seemed to whisper in its ear before leading it over to us.
"I swear that man can read your mind," Sarge said.
"You want?" Jaw-Long asked me when he reached us.
"I sure do," I said, admiring the beast even as we spoke.
"Hun," he said.
I glanced at Sarge, but he just shrugged and kinda grinned.
"Juan?" I asked.
Jaw-Long nodded. "Hun."
Not exactly what I said, but close enough for me. For some odd reason, Sarge turned his head. I could see a smile, so maybe he found my pronunciation amusing.
I always thought I'd like to name my own horse, but since the horse came with a name, I didn't want to offend Jaw-Long. And the name Juan seemed to suit the odd-looking horse.
Juan sounded like the name of a Mexican general, or at least the kind of a horse I imagined a proud Mexican general would ride.
"You go up," Jaw-Long said, indicating the horse's dark back.
Bareback riding was second nature to me, so I hopped astride. Juan kind of hop-jumped away from Jaw-Long, but I expected him to do something, so I stuck to him like glue. Once he saw that I was comfortable, Jaw-Long handed me the reins and I gave Juan a little pat on his rump.
He lunged ahead in a full gallop  definitely not what I expected  but I managed to hang on. I only hollered once, when Juan brought his head down to the ground and his hind legs up in a combination buck I had never seen or felt before.
Then James and Phineas came to the fence and began hootin' and hollerin', "Hang on, boy!" as Juan tried at least a dozen different times to unseat me, either by bucking me off or trying to wipe me off against a corral post.
Somehow I hung on, and eventually Juan got tuckered out  probably nowhere near as wore out as I was, though I tried to hide it.
I walked the big Paint back to where the men had gathered, on legs that felt like sticks of jelly. It wasn't the easiest ride I'd ever had, but I was still in one piece and even more determined to make Juan my own.
"You can tell the sheriff I'd like to buy this horse," I told Jaw-Long.
He nodded solemnly.
"I'll work with Juan when I finish my other chores," I said. No matter how tired I was.
Jaw-Long nodded again.
From then on, I spent every free minute with Juan in the hopes that he would get used to me and think of me as his master and friend.
I'm not gonna fib. Every once in a while I wished I had chosen a friendlier horse. At times, Juan's surly attitude wore on me.
But as soon as the sun started to set, I forgot about my ornery mount. It was then that Phin usually brought out a guitar and proceeded to sing as he played.
The way his fingers on one hand moved about the frets while the fingers of his other hand strummed and plucked was beyond fascinating to me.
"You play guitar?" he asked one night.
"Sure don't," I admitted. "Sounds real purty, though."
"Wanna give it a whirl?" Phin asked me, but grinned slyly at James. It was obvious he thought they were gonna get some laughs at my expense. Probably thought I was gonna look like an ape sitting at a piano.
The thought of looking like a fool made me hesitate  but only for a moment. There were lots worse things than getting ribbed a bit.
"I'll try not to do any damage," I said, reaching for the neck of the guitar.
"I got more strings," Phin said, again giving James another one of those sly looks. He probably pictured me tearing off all the strings the first time I took a swipe at it.
Once I had the guitar where it felt comfortable on my lap, I softly strummed the strings with the work-roughened fingertips of my right hand. I listened for the sound each string made separately and memorized which one was which.
"That's a lot o' strings to keep track of," I said.
"Sure is," Phin said. "Play around with it a bit. That's how I learnt it, by ear."
I nodded and pressed the fingertips of my left hand down on the frets where I had seen Phin place his, then strummed a few times with my fingertips in different places to see what sound each combination made.
I strummed and plucked a bit  maybe a minute or so, then, using my powers of concentration to remember the order in which Phin had strummed and pressed the frets, I played the song he just played. I made a mistake or two, but otherwise, it didn't turn out too badly, if I say so myself.
When I finished, Phin's eyes were as big as saucers and James' mouth hung open.
"Why, you little imp," Phin said. "You already knew how to play!"
"No. I swear it. Pa said he could pick up an instrument and play it after a few minutes. I musta took after him."
Phin just shook his head. "It took me three years to learn to play like that."
"Is there anything you can't do?" James asked.
"You sound a little jealous, Jimmy Boy," Sarge said with a twinkle in his eye.
"Hell yeah, I am!" James said.
Everyone laughed, so I knew there weren't any hard feelings. When I went to hand the guitar back to Phin, he held up his hands.
"Oh, no you don't," he said. "From now on, me and you are gonna take turns playin'. About time I get to loaf a bit and let someone entertain me for a change. I been waitin' years for James to do a little strummin' or yodelin', but all he knows how to do is fill his pie hole and pick his teeth."
"You should talk!" James said, giving Phin a good-natured punch to the arm.
Jaw-Long watched us from his mat at the end of the bunkhouse, not saying a word, while Sarge just shook his head and hooted his amusement.
Phin was patient when it came to guitar playin'. He showed me tricks and taught me every song in his playing arsenal. It was sorta like having Pa around  or a big brother.
I truly liked learning new things. Mainly because, when I was busy doing things that required concentration, I was able to forget for a few minutes that Ma, Pa, and Hinto were no longer with me. As for the vulture  it was purely a relief it never showed its ugly face again  though I rarely gave it a thought anymore.
At the start of my second week at the ranch, the sheriff called me to his house.
It was nice inside, a lot nicer than the bunkhouse. Lace curtains draped every window. It looked to me like a lady had her hand in decorating the place, although no one else lived inside but him. I wondered if he ever had a wife, but didn't feel comfortable asking.
"What do you think?" he asked.
"It's real nice," I said, looking around. I was glad he wasn't wearing his badge. He seemed a lot less harsh without it.
He grinned and it reminded me so much of Pa I had to swallow a lump in my throat. "Not the house," he said. "The ranch."
"Everything's real nice," I said quickly. "And everybody, too. But most of all I like Dog and the vittles. Sarge and Jaw-Long sure can cook up a storm."
"They sure can." Turtle looked pleased. "I told you I'd give you fifty cents a day for the first week, but you've earned a dollar a day since you got here."
"Thank you, sir."
"Call me Turtle." His twitch of a smile vanished. "As I see it, there's only one problem."
The air whooshed out of my lungs. God only knew what that would be.
"You've got some skills. I think you know what I'm talkin' about. Unfortunately, they could cause a heap of trouble. Sarge says you're a hard worker, but," he paused as if searching for the right words, "some skills are better kept private."
"Oh. Don't worry 'bout that. Pa used to say the exact same thing."
The second I said it, I wished I hadn't. I waited for him to get angry about the comparison, but oddly he didn't.
"Your pa has a nice resting spot. I made sure the undertaker knew I would be visiting it every now and again."
"Thank you." And I meant it. But he still hadn't said one word about him being a relation, or that he wasn't no relation at all. For all I knew, he never would.
He looked out the window, toward the hills behind the house. "There's some big changes coming to the CB."
The CB stood for Chase Beck. There was even a big C and B stuck together over the entrance to the ranch.
I nodded, but didn't ask what kind of changes. If the sheriff had something to say, he'd say it in his own good time.
"I hope you'll stick around for a spell."
"As long as you'll have me," I said.
My words must have pleased him because he smiled a little again. Then he stood up, signaling the end of our talk.
When we reached the door, he patted my shoulder, once, like he felt uncomfortable doing it. "You're doing a fine job."
As I stepped off the porch to head back to the bunkhouse, I saw Jaw-Long ride away on his sturdy horse, bareback. I rarely saw him sit on a saddle, though he did toss them on top of the horses to saddle-break them.
Jaw-Long looked over his shoulder at me and inclined his head just a tad. He wore Indian moccasins, buckskin britches, and a Chinaman's jacket. He had the same skin coloring as an Indian and even had the same long, dark hair as Hinto. Neither of them had much facial hair. But then again, I didn't have much, either  a point Phin and James brought up every chance they got.
There was another difference between Hinto and Jaw-Long  besides the foot difference in height. Hinto usually carried a bow and quiver; Jaw-Long carried a knife or a sword. His biggest blade was half as big as he was.
Wahzing! Zzzzoo! Hhhhwuh! Blades, especially big ones like Jaw-Long's made lots of different noises.
Sometimes I watched him sharpen his knives. He used the stone as one might use a bow against a violin string and always used the same pressure and same number of strokes on each side of the blade. He was real particular about it.
When he sharpened a blade, it made a different noise than if I were to put a stone to my knife. Mine made a scratchy keruff sound. Jaw-Long's strokes elicited a sharp metallic skeeng sound.
It was fascinating how fast he moved his hands. Sometimes I even held my breath, waiting to see part of his finger fall to the ground. Thankfully, it never happened. All day I thought about Jaw-Long and that look he gave me over his shoulder. So after supper one day, me and Dog left the bunkhouse a bit after Jaw-Long did.
He left the immediate area and disappeared over a hilltop. I saw him look over his shoulder at me when he reached the corral, like he wanted me to follow him. At least that's what I told myself.
I coaxed Daisy away from Socks, on the excuse of taking her for a little exercise  if anyone should later question me about it  then slid onto her bare back and gently nudged her toward the hills.
Dog followed, tail wagging, looking up at me to see if I wanted him to do anything. Dogs sure were different from horses. They always seemed to look for ways to please a man, never to try to outsmart him, like Juan did to me sometimes.
The air had a cool feel to it. Soon it would be fall. I didn't know what winters were like in the Black Hills, but I guessed they would be cold. I heard the men talk about snow that fell so deep it came over the top of the horses' backs.
James and Phin talked often about Deadwood winters, but I still didn't know the two men well enough to know if they were telling tall tales, or if they were serious about how bitterly cold and snowy it got on the ranch.
Chuh. Chuh.
It was a new sound. I cocked my head as I rode, ignoring the sound of Daisy's hooves hitting the earth and Dog's panting breaths.
It was a solid sound, like metal hitting wood. If I had to guess, I would say it was someone  Jaw-Long  throwing a short knife at a tree.
As I crested the hill, I reined up. Jaw-Long faced away from me. He looked back at me and then produced a round disc with four sharp points.
Faster than my eye could follow, he spun and threw the disc, his long braid making an arc as it followed his body. In perfect unison, the fringe on his pants went straight, then layed back down, almost faster than the eye could see.
Chuh.
I dismounted and led Daisy toward where Jaw-Long was busy pulling discs out of the rough bark of a gnarled ponderosa pine. Dog stayed at my side.
When I got closer, I saw that all the discs were within an inch of each other, lined up in a straight row. Even the fancy points matched. Mighty accurate, considering he was a goodly distance from the tree.
Looked like he was practicing, but for what, I didn't know. "What are those?" I asked.
Jaw-Long handed me one from a stack he had in his hand. It made the merest whisper of a noise: sssah.
"No' a wehpahn. Fo' deestaction."
"All right," I said.
I would've guessed it was a weapon, but it surely would be distracting if someone was throwing them at you. I examined the disc. It had an odd shape to it; more of a rounded cross than a disc. Each point had a curved sharp edge and the middle of the disc had a hole in it.
"Hira-shuriken."
"Hira-shuriken," I repeated so I wouldn't forget it.
"Fo' deestaction only," Jaw-Long said again. "You," he said, taking a step back as he held a disc out to me.
Usually I feel comfortable with a blade in my hand, comfortable enough to wear a blindfold and have someone turn me in a circle before I throw it. Just then, I felt a little unsure.
"Can I watch you once more? Up close?" I asked.
He pointed to a spot a few feet away. After I moved there, he closed his eyes. Pa used to call it focusing.
Jaw-Long had both hands at his side. He held two hira-shurikens in his left palm and one in his right.
As I waited for him to make a move, a big brown bird glided overhead. A feather left the bird's wing and began its descent to earth between Jaw-Ling and the pine tree.
Jaw-Long suddenly brought both arms up while spinning on the toe of his foot. I couldn't detect a single noise. He tilted the palm of his right hand as he came around, extending his arm then bringing it down, while simultaneously bringing his left leg back.
Each motion was an action followed by a perfect reaction that kept his body in perfect balance. I have never seen so many separate actions in one seemingly simple act.
I tracked the blade through the air in a straight line to the pine. It left Jaw-Long's hand and fluidly sliced through the falling bird feather before hitting the tree.
When the first blade found its mark with a solid chuh, Jaw-Long had already repeated the process two more times, each disc hitting the tree in perfect symmetry.
The pieces of feathers hit the ground an instant later. They landed very near to each other, and in nearly the same shape they had been when they were part of a single feather.
"Holy moly, Jaw-Long! I wish Pa could've seen what you just did!"
"You now," he said, deflecting my compliment. He slid one of the metal discs off a rope he had tied around his waist, and handed it to me, his expression calm.
Once I had it in my palm, I assessed my target. The edges of the blade were razor-sharp, so I kept an easy hold on it.
I felt the lightness of the beveled edges and the heft of the body of the hira-shuriken in my palm. I even felt the hole in the middle, though I wasn't touching it with my fingertips.
Once I sorted through the sounds around me, I mentally flexed my arms and legs, then closed my eyes for a moment. Once I opened them, I threw the blade. It didn't pay to over-think things.
Whhhfff. I spun on the ball of my foot toward the tree. I shifted my fingertips and the hira-shuriken became a thing of beauty, making revolution after revolution. It seemed to me to move in slow motion.
This time I heard the revolutions: hawah hawah hawah hawah. Its whispered flight was even quieter than a bird's wings.
Chuh, the hira-shuriken said when it hit the tree a few inches away from where Jaw-Long's discs were lodged. At least the sound was right, I thought. I was a little disappointed that the hira-shuriken hadn't landed in line with Jaw-Long's, though.
"Velly gooh."
I followed Jaw-Long to the tree. He motioned for me to remove the discs. I noticed his were barely embedded in the tree trunk. I really had to tug to get mine out.
"Guess I need a lighter touch," I said.
He nodded and we returned to our throwing area.
"Again," he said, this time placing a stack of hira-shurikens in my hand. He had a patient look on his face, like Pa and Hinto got when they were trying to teach me something.
Had a higher power brought Jaw-Long into my life to take Hinto's place, just like Hinto had taken Pa's for a spell? I wondered.
"One heah," he said pointing to my right hand. "Uddas heah," he said, pointing to my left hand. He demonstrated how I should use the fingertips of my right hand to grip and fling.
I went through three stacks before I felt comfortable throwing them. Before long it was too dark to see, so I thanked Jaw-Long and headed back to the bunkhouse, marveling at how he could take the entire stack of discs and thread them quickly onto the rope around his waist without so much as pricking his skin.
That night, when I went to sleep with Dog alongside my bed, I slept a deep, restful sleep.
It was the first night since coming to Deadwood that my last thoughts before drifting off weren't about how much I missed Ma and Pa.
Instead, I dreamed of a beautiful girl, about my age, with golden curls.

Chapter 9
The Visit


"Thought we'd stop by Ben and Katharine's," Turtle told me the next morning.
It caught me off guard. I was about to help Phin and James do some repairs to the corral.
"Now? You and me?" I asked. Something didn't add up. He was usually in town by this time of day.
He smiled. "Unless you're dead set against it."
"No," I answered quickly. "That'd be fine."
"Good. Ben just picked up his granddaughter. Thought it'd be neighborly to stop in and meet her."
Granddaughter? Was this one of the big changes he'd been talking about? And why did he want me to go with him? As far as I knew, none of the others went there unless there was a reason.
Sarge told me that Turtle spent a lot of time over there, checking to see that the old couple was safe and sound. He also said that a chunk of the CB ranch was once owned by Ben and Katharine, and Turtle pretty much considered the older couple his parents.
I saddled Juan and said a silent prayer that he wouldn't cause me any embarrassment in front of Turtle. Juan still tried to toss me on occasion, regardless of how much time I spent with him  a fact that secretly irritated me.
However, I did notice the horse made a peculiar grunt just before he decided to play a prank, so perhaps he was just having fun with me, and not being a pain in my backside after all.
Turtle rode up on his fine horse and we set off together down the well-worn trail to the cabin. Neither of us said a word. I suspect he was enjoying the sun burning off the fog as much as I was.
A couple of minutes before we reached the house I got this odd feeling in the pit of my stomach, and I knew it wasn't the side pork I had for breakfast. Then the feeling turned into one of those odd thoughts I get every once in a while.
I saw a bleeding dark-haired boy  which was a bit disconcerting  then a young girl. The girl was the purtiest thing I ever saw, with eyes as bright as cornflowers and long, golden hair in flyaway ringlets. She was about my age, and smiling at me. It was the girl I dreamed about the night before.
"You all right, boy?"
My brain heard the words, but I couldn't respond. It was as if I couldn't talk.
"Maxwell!"
Hearing my name spoken by a man who rarely said a word to me snapped me straight out my reverie. I shook my head to clear the cobwebs in my brain.
"Sorry, sir," I said.
"You all right?" He genuinely looked concerned.
I nodded. "Sure am. Sorry."
He gave me another look and then nodded toward the house in the distance. It looked picturesque with a few sheep grazing here and there. It reminded me of what a cottage in a fairy tale would look like.
"Just a warning," he said. "If Katharine offers you a biscuit or a cookie, say you just ate."
"Why?"
"She's the sweetest woman in the world, but she could burn water if you gave her the chance."
His words weren't the kindest I'd ever heard, but he had a smile on his face and in his eyes, so I guess he didn't mean any malice.
"All right. I will."
"Darwin, the girl's pa, went to Alaska to look for gold a month or so ago. A week after he left, her ma died. The girl's aunt sent her here to stay until they find her pa."
Sounded like the girl had the same kind of bad luck I had.
"There," he said. "That's gotta be her."
I turned toward where he was pointing and felt as if someone had knocked me, back first, into the broadside of a barn.
"Katharine said last time she saw Patience she had hair like spun gold," Turtle said, oblivious to my shock. "Don't know what she looks like up close, but even if her face could curdle milk, I'd say her hair makes up for it some."
But I knew she was gonna be easy on the eyes. Patience was the girl with golden curls my birth mother saw. The one I dreamed about.


The ride over to the girl seemed to take forever, but maybe that was because the sound of my heart beating loudly in my ears seemed to increase as we rode: buh-dum bud-dum bud-dum.
We stopped a few yards away and Turtle dismounted. I couldn't seem to tear my gaze away from the girl, and not because she was wearing a shirt, vest, and britches  male attire. Even though I'd never seen a girl dressed like a boy, it certainly didn't hide the fact that she was all girl.
I fleetingly wished I had thought to clean up a bit before we left, but it was displaced by the thought that I had never seen such a beautiful girl in all my life. She was a little taller than I was. I wondered how old she was.
"Maxwell."
Turtle's amused voice tore me away from my musings. I hopped off Juan, and when I noticed Turtle was trying to get me to take my hat off, I nearly tore it off my head and placed it against my chest.
I ran my other hand over the top of my head to calm any wild locks, then wondered why. I'd never done such a self-conscious thing in my life.
The girl giggled and it was the most melodic sound I'd ever heard. A part of me wondered how her voice would sound singing along with my guitar playing. I hoped she'd be around long enough for me to find out.
"You must be Turtle," she said to him, after giving me a long look that made me uncomfortable down to the soles of my feet.
He nodded. "And you must be Patience."
"Of which I have little," she said, punctuating it with another melodic giggle.
Turtle laughed out loud. For the life of me, I couldn't stop staring at her.
"Who are you?" she asked, directing her bright blue eyes toward me.
"Maxwell Alexander Beck."
She frowned and turned to Turtle. "Are you two related?"
"You certainly do have a disarming way of speaking," Turtle said with an easy smile. He turned to me.
"Well, Maxwell Alexander Beck, why don't you let Patience entertain you while I have a word with Ben and Katharine?"
It was a command framed in a question. I didn't really mind being told what to do; he was my boss after all. But I didn't know how I felt being left alone with Patience.
"How old are you?" she asked when Turtle was out of earshot.
I watched Turtle knock on the door and walk into the house without waiting for an answer. "Fifteen," I said, looking back at her.
"You're not very big for fifteen."
My spine straightened a bit. "How old are you?" I asked, mainly because I couldn't think of another thing to say.
"I'm fifteen. And a half." She gave me a look from the top of my head, down to my boots. I felt my face grow warm.
"Are you an Indian?"
Her question threw me for a loop. I spent a lot of time in the sun even before coming to the CB. I must've got a whole lot darker because I don't recall anyone ever asking if I was an Indian  not that it mattered a hoot.
"I don't think so."
"Chinese?"
"I don't think so."
"Then what are you?"
I shrugged. "I was born in Virginia."
She laughed again. "Maxwell Alexander Beck, you are a peculiar one." She gave me another one of her penetrating looks that sent a tingle through every nerve in my body.
Peculiar? Ordinarily I would have taken offense, but the way she said it almost made it sound like a compliment, if that was even possible.
And if you asked me, the words that came out of her mouth made her the peculiar one.
I forced my glance away from her lightly-freckled pale skin and brilliant blue eyes down to her shirt and britches.
"Why are you dressed like a boy?" I asked, then instantly felt ashamed of myself. Maybe the poor girl didn't have any other clothes.
"Silly boy. These aren't boys' clothes, these are just comfortable clothes. I like riding horses. A dress is too..." she seemed to search for the right word, "cumbersome."
I nodded. She had a point.
She looked at Juan, then back at me. "That must be Hun."
To say I was surprised would be an understatement. Not only did she know the name of my horse, she pronounced it just like Jaw-Long did.
"It is."
"Then you must be pretty good with horses yourself."
I didn't see how she had reached that conclusion, but I shrugged. No one likes a bragger.
"A name like Hun would probably scare most grown men away."
Now I was really confused, and maybe a bit irritated that she stressed the word grown, like she thought I was just an ankle biter.
"You do know that, in Chinese, Hun means trouble." She brought her blonde brows together. "But it could mean other things, too. It's all in how you pronounce it." She gave me a lingering look. "But I'm sure you knew that."
Figured it was safer to not say a word. I did know, from listening to Jaw-Long on those rare occasions that he spoke, that some words sounded the same, except for how he stressed one part or the other.
So Hun meant trouble. That explained Sarge's sly grin when I told him I wanted that particular horse.
I also wanted to know how Patience knew so much about everything at the CB, but I wasn't going to give her the satisfaction of asking.
"Well, Juan," I said, stressing the word, "never gives me a speck of trouble."
As if reading my mind, Juan butted my back with his head and knocked me right into Patience.
"Pardon me!" I said as I bumped into the front of her. I quickly took a step back, but not before I caught a whiff of her hair. It smelled like flowers, though I didn't quite know how that was possible this time of year.
She just grinned. "I suppose I should introduce you to Gramps and Grams. They're sweet as can be. Though I should warn you, Grams is a terrible cook. I'll probably be thin as a rail by winter."
She laughed out loud at the shocked look that must have been on my face, and grabbed my hand and pulled me to the house.
I wish I could remember more about Ben and Katharine, but all my brain seemed to remember was the feel of Patience's soft, slender fingers clasping mine.

Chapter 10
Patience and Miss Cordelia


Once we returned to the CB, Turtle went straight to the house. When he walked out a few minutes later, he was wearing his Sunday best, and adjusting a string tie around his neck instead of a bandana. He got into a wagon Jaw-Long had ready for him and headed to town.
Turtle and I didn't really talk much on the way back from Ben and Katharine's. He seemed to have a lot on his mind. I did, too. I couldn't seem to get the girl with the golden curls out of my head.
"You like?" Jaw-Long asked when I walked Juan back to the corral.
Heat flooded my face. Why on earth would he care if I liked Patience or not?
"She's all right, I guess. For a girl."
Jaw-Long blinked. "Hun not girl."
What on earth was he talking about? Then it dawned on me. He was talking about Juan. "No!" I almost yelled. "I know he's not a girl. I thought you were talking about Patience, the neighbors' granddaughter. I didn't"
One corner of the Chinaman's mouth twitched up. He thought I was sweet on the sassy mouth!
"She  the girl  she's exasperatin' to say the least," I said, hoping to cut this irritating conversation short.
The other corner of his mouth twitched up. I couldn't believe he was actually smiling.
"She asks a lot of questions. Stupid ones," I tried to explain.
"Wha' she ask?" he asked.
I shrugged. "How old I am. Oh, and she said I was small for my age." That really rubbed me the wrong way. I didn't think I was that blamed small.
"Hmmm."
"She said I was peculiar, too."
The corner of Jaw-Long's mouth twitched. "You like guhl."
"No, I don't," I said, turning away from his prying eyes. "Least I don't think I do."
But Patience wasn't what was really bothering me. Not directly, anyhow.
"Before Pa died, he said my birth mother was a seer. She told him I'd have an older brother who would die in my arms, and that I'd wear a lawman's badge. I don't have a brother, but the last part could happen if Turtle decided to pin his badge on me for fun."
I hazarded a look at Jaw-Long. Thankfully, all traces of humor were gone from his face. "There was one other thing. She said I'd marry a girl with golden curls."
"Guhl have gol' haya," he said.
I nodded. "I guess I put Pa's words out of my mind because I don't have no older brother. But after seeing Patience  the girl  I'm startin' to wonder all over again if a person truly can see the future."
I sighed. It seemed I'd been doing a lot of that lately. "Sometimes I get a picture in my mind. I saw Turtle before I met him. Then I saw Patience just before I met her today, too."
"You seeah, too." Then he abruptly walked away.
I surely wasn't no seer, but I wasn't about to chase after him and argue the point. I put Juan back in the corral  I wasn't in a mood for any of his shenanigans  and hopped atop Socks, who was none too happy about being separated from Daisy and a patch of new grass. A few minutes later, I was helping Phin and James string fence.
Phin and James never said a word about my visit to the neighbors' house and I was grateful. Oddly, though, I couldn't for the life of me get the sassy-mouthed girl out of my mind.
A few hours later, Jaw-Long rode out to where we were working, bareback on a half-broke stallion. The horse kept moving sideways and bucking, but Jaw-Long spoke to it softly until it settled to a complete stop.
"Boss say all come to house," he said, then whispered something in the horse's ear and it turned around.
"What for?" James called.
"Come to house," Jaw-Long said over his shoulder. He nudged his mount's sides and it took off in a controlled gallop back to the house.
Phin shrugged. Me and James wound the ends of the wire strands around a post so no critters would get tangled in it and rode back to the bunkhouse.
When we got there, Sarge told us not to dillydally, so we cleaned up as fast as we could and then walked to the house together.
Jaw-Long had changed into a long robe over pants and carried a covered bowl of some delicious-smelling Chinese dish. Sarge carried a pan of his tender biscuits covered with a clean, gingham cloth. Me, Phin, and James followed empty-handed. I wondered if they felt as useless as I did.
"What are we celebrating?" James asked.
Sarge just shrugged.
"I hope he's gonna bring out his good whiskey," James said. He nudged Phin and winked. Phin chuckled and nudged him back.
"This isn't a whiskey occasion," Sarge warned.
Phin and James gave each other a look, but we were at the door before either could say anything more on the subject.
I saw a trunk on the porch that looked like it belonged to a woman, and it had a nice smell coming out of it that reminded me of Patience's hair.
Maybe Patience was gonna stay with the sheriff for a bit. If that was the case, I didn't know how I was gonna survive having her so close by.
"Wipe your feet," Sarge ordered and knocked on the side door.
"Come in!" Turtle called from inside, sounding all cheery.
Phin and James gave each other another look, this time puzzled. I took it to mean this wasn't a regular happening.
Sarge opened the door, cradling his pan like he had live kittens inside, and walked inside, followed by Jaw-Long. I was gonna go last, but James shoved me ahead of him and Phin.
Sarge must've stopped a few feet inside the kitchen because we were packed as tight as sardines inside the doorway. I couldn't see a blamed thing.
"Please, come in. I don't bite," a strange, but sweet female voice said, taking me off guard. I guess I should have seen it coming, with the ladies' trunk parked right outside, but I didn't.
The men all chuckled awkwardly, except Jaw-Long.
Sarge shuffled forward and James shoved me into the space between Sarge and Jaw-Long. I will never forget the look of shock on her handsome face when she saw me. But it went away almost as quickly, making me wonder if I had imagined it.
"Hello. You must be Sarge," she said, turning to face him.
"Charmed," he said awkwardly and took her hand and kissed the top of it before handing her the biscuits.
"Why thank you so much. They smell divine."
Sarge grinned like she just handed him a flour sack filled with gold. He took one deft step back and shoved Phin in front of him.
"Phin?" she asked.
He just nodded and blushed.
"So nice to meet you."
Phin mumbled something before moving behind Jaw-Long.
Jaw-Long and the lady bowed in unison. He handed her the bowl. "Fo' you," he said, holding out the bowl.
The lady accepted the bowl from Jaw-Long with both hands. She inhaled deeply with a wistful smile. "Chow mein?"
He nodded.
"It smells even more delectable than the chow mein I used to dine on in Green River. Thank you, Jaw-Long."
They bowed again and Jaw-Long moved to the side, leaving James out in the open. He forced a smile.
"Ma'am," he said.
"James," she said. "Nice to meet you."
"Same here," he said and almost yanked me in front of him.
I woulda gave James a dirty look right then and there, but something told me the sheriff would be none too pleased. I smiled at her instead.
She seemed unable to speak for some reason. The polite thing would have been for me to look away, but there was something about her that made it impossible.
Finally she cleared her throat. "And you must be Maxwell," she said after what seemed like an eternity.
I nodded. Instead of a smile like she'd given the others, she took me in her arms and hugged me like I was a long-lost cousin or something.
She had honey-colored hair tied in a neat bun at the back of her head with a few loose curls on each side of her face. Her eyes were blue, but a lighter color than Patience's.
I didn't hug her back because it wasn't proper, but I did give her a pat-pat on the shoulder. We were about the same height, so when she moved away from me, we were eye to eye.
I saw the others' speculative looks, but Turtle didn't seem to find our embrace odd at all.
After a moment, the lady took a step back and placed her arm around Turtle's waist. When she met his glance, a gentle smile played about her lips. He seemed happy enough, too, if a little stilted.
Finally she introduced herself.
"My name is Cordelia. I'm Turtle's wife."

Chapter 11
Powerful Feelings


You could've knocked me over with a feather. The others, too, judging by the way James and Phin each shuffled their feet and sucked in their breath.
"Nice to meet you, Miss Cordelia," I said, remembering the manners Ma had taught me. I hoped the others would say at least that much, but they didn't.
Even so, Miss Cordelia's entire face underwent a startling transformation. She clasped her hands in front of her and truly looked about ready to weep for a reason I couldn't fathom. After all, I'd only told her it was nice to meet her.
Then Phin and James high-tailed it out of the house, almost bowling me over in the process. I decided that was my cue to leave. As I turned to leave, Sarge and Jaw-Long followed suit.
No one said a word on the way back to the bunkhouse. I'm guessing because some of us were in shock.
When we got there, Jaw-Long brought a pot from the stove and we sat down to eat the rest of the chow mein he hadn't given to Turtle and the new Mrs. Beck.
"Seems nice enough," Sarge said a while later, sucking on the end of his mustache.
"Havin' a wife is gonna change things," James grumbled.
His words made me think back to what Turtle had said about big changes coming. After meeting Patience, I assumed he meant her. Now I knew he was talking about Miss Cordelia.
Later we got back to work, each of us lost in thoughts of our own. I'm sure the men were thinking about Miss Cordelia and what her presence meant to them. But I was mostly thinking about Patience.
I really don't know how long we'd been working when Miss Cordelia appeared on horseback. It could have been five minutes or five hours.
Each of us tore our hat off and slapped it against our chest. I had no doubt we looked a bit ridiculous, lined up like Christmas nutcrackers, but if she thought the same, she gave no indication.
"Good afternoon, gentlemen. Turtle has business in Lead and won't be home 'til late. I was wondering if one of you would be kind enough to show me around."
It was a general question, but she seemed to direct it at me. Before I could form an answer, James gave me a little shove.
"Max can show you around."
I'm sure James did it to save himself the trouble, but it didn't make me angry. There was something about Miss Cordelia that made me feel protective of her, maybe because she reminded me a little of my own ma.
"It would be an honor, ma'am." And I meant it.
Her smile could have been one of relief, but whatever emotion was behind it, I was happy she seemed happy. It wasn't so long ago that I was the one in a strange place with strange people all around.
I got on Socks and rode up alongside her. She was atop a gentle, unflappable mare Jaw-Long usually reserved for errands into town. I was glad he had chosen it for her.
"Anything in particular you want to see?" I asked.
Her blue eyes twinkled. "If you'd like to show me the boundaries of the CB, I'd be grateful. Turtle also mentioned something about meeting the neighbors  Ben and Katharine Olson, I believe."
And Patience. "I can show you where they live first, if you like."
"I'd like that very much, thank you. I brought along a few small gifts for occasions such as this, so I hope you don't mind if we stop at the house first."
"Not at all, ma'am."
"Please, call me Cordelia, or Miss Cordelia, if you must. Ma'am makes me feel older than I am."
"All right, I will."
We walked the horses back to the house. Dog started to come with me and Miss Cordelia, so I had to shoo him away. A little part of me wished he could come, too, but I had to remember he wasn't my dog to do with what I pleased.
When we reached the house, I wasn't sure if I should help her down, but she solved the problem for me by swinging her leg gracefully over the rear of the horse and hopping down.
"Come inside with me," she said when she saw me reaching for her horse's reins.
"I'm filthy," I said.
"Don't be silly. Come inside. It'll only take me a minute."
Which was all the more reason I would have rather stayed outside, but I decided it was best to do as she wished. It would only make me look childish if I raised a stink.
She poured me a glass of water and led me to the parlor. I sat on a cloth-covered chair, hoping I wouldn't leave a dirt spot, while she went to one of the rooms in the rear of the house.
I took a drink as I eyed things in the room. It was the first real chance I had to see what a fancy parlor looked like. I must have been trying too hard to look casual, but because I felt a drop of water escape the rim of the glass.
"Dang!" I muttered and looked down to assess the damage. Luckily it had made just a small spot on the waistband of my trousers. I placed the glass on the small table next to my chair.
As I did so, I noticed a thick, yet small, square of paper alongside a satchel at the base of the table. It appeared that Miss Cordelia had been unpacking in this very spot.
Curiosity got the better of me, so I picked it up, taking note of the exact location it had been resting. In the background, I listened to the muffled sounds Miss Cordelia was making. I knew she wouldn't be back out for at least a few moments.
The pad of paper was actually an envelope that had been folded numerous times into a small square no bigger than what would fit into a small hand, or up a sleeve.
I knew I should leave it where I found it, but something in the back of my head told me I needed to read it, odd as that sounded. Ma called it rationalizing. I called it listening to my guts.
It was addressed to Cordelia Rumford, Green River, Wyoming Territory. I have never been one to stick my nose where it didn't belong, but there was something about the way I found it, that almost made it seem like she wanted me to read it, or maybe it was just me thinking she wanted me to.
I paused for a moment and listened again. She was humming softly now as she shuffled through what sounded like a trunk.
"Maxwell?" she called, making me jump. I almost threw the envelope against her satchel.
"Yes, Miss Cordelia?" I said, feeling guilty as a cat with a chicken in its jaw.
"Sorry to keep you waiting, but I'm looking for something for the young lady at the Olson's. Patience."
Miss Cordelia appeared then. "What's she like?"
If her appearance had taken me off guard, her question nearly made me fall from my chair.
"Uh. I ... uh. I guess she's all right," I said.
She smiled kindly. "I see," she said. "Does she seem like the sort that would like a pretty handkerchief or something useful, like a mirror?"
I thought about it for a moment. Patience didn't seem like the sort that would spend much time looking in a mirror, but she didn't seem like the type that would use a pretty handkerchief, either. I didn't think a girl who wore pants would, anyway.
"I don't know much about girls, to tell you the truth."
She smiled kindly again. "We'll have to remedy that. In that meantime, tell me a little about her."
"She wears boys' clothes."
One of her eyebrows rose. "I see."
"She has golden hair and the brightest blue eyes I've ever seen."
The other eyebrow rose. "Hmmm. I think I have the perfect gift. If you'll excuse me, I'll only be another moment or two."
She disappeared into the rear of the house again. Though the conversation had left me feeling oddly discombobulated, I pushed the feeling to the back of my mind and quickly picked up the pad of paper again.
I unfolded the envelope, and slipped the single sheet of paper out.

Dearest Mother,
I hope this letter finds you well and in good health. It is with deep regret that I have to inform you that I exhausted father's funds on a worthless stake and am now in dire need of funds to repay a number of debts I incurred in this pursuit. I am presently in Tombstone, Arizona, Cochise County.
Your devoted son,
William

My fuddled brain sought to sort through the information in front of me. Apparently Miss Cordelia had a son who needed money. I wondered if Turtle knew about him.
I heard the unmistakable click of a trunk and quickly folded the letter and slipped it inside the envelope, folding it carefully, yet quickly, into its original state. No sooner had I placed it exactly where I found it, than Miss Cordelia appeared.
"So sorry to keep you waiting," she said.
I was glad she had her face tilted down toward her hands so she couldn't see the guilt I surely had written all over my face.
She held up a pair of caramel-colored doeskin gloves. "Do you think Patience will like these?"
"I do," I said. Without Miss Cordelia having seen her, it seemed as though she had picked out the perfect gift.
She held a small box in her other hand.
"It's a music box," she said in response to my unasked question. "Someone gave me one once upon a time and I enjoyed it ever so much. When I saw another one in a shop, I purchased it in the hopes that one day I could bring someone else the same joy."
She stopped talking abruptly then. "My apologies. I get carried away sometimes. Though I did enjoy the company of a few lady friends in Green River, I felt very isolated at times."
"No need to apologize. I enjoy hearing you talk. You remind me of my ma."
Her lips quivered ever so slightly. "Why thank you, Maxwell. Where is your mother?"
"Dead. Pa, too."
She rushed over to me so quickly that I didn't know what to make of it. She threw her arms around me and hugged me, her hands full and all.
"How terrible for you!"
I wasn't used to such familiarity from a near stranger, so I didn't know quite what to do. I gave her a quick pat on the back, and she released me a moment later. When she smiled, I felt relieved. I must've done the right thing.
"You can tell me all about them later. But only if you like." She turned and looked at the clock on the mantel. "I guess we should be going. I would hate to intrude on the Olson's dinner."
In more ways than one, I thought, remembering Turtle's comments about Katharine's cooking. But I didn't repeat what he said, though I was more than a little curious to see how a woman would react to another woman's bad cooking.
I got to my feet, taking a sly look at the folded square of paper. It looked exactly how I found it. I hoped it looked the same to her.
"I'll meet you outside. I need to find something to carry these things in."
And hide your letter, I couldn't help but think. I wondered how well Turtle knew Cordelia. I couldn't picture him being happy about her having a son, judging by how stilted he acted around me and I wasn't much more than a hired hand.
Miss Cordelia joined me outside a moment later, greeting me with another smile. It sure looked genuine to me, which added to my confusion and also put me in a bit of pickle.
There was the very real possibility that Turtle was my uncle. And even if he wasn't the friendliest man I'd ever met, he did take me in and give me a job. He deserved to know if someone was deceiving him.
On the other hand, Miss Cordelia had a gentleness about her that reminded me so much of Ma it made my heart constrict when she smiled that pretty smile of hers.
It truly was a tricky moral situation.
We conversed easily on the way to the Olsons, mainly about the birds in the area, and what I liked to do in my free time. I had such a fine time, I plum forgot about the letter  and the fact I would be seeing Patience again.
It seemed like only a minute had passed between the time we left the CB and arrived at the Olson house. This time Patience wasn't waiting outside.
As if reading my mind, she bounded out of the door and hurried toward us, her hair catching the sun and making it look as bright as real gold.
"Hello, Maxwell," she said. "And you must be Miss Cordelia!"
"I most certainly am," the new Mrs. Beck said. "And you must be Patience. I would recognize you anywhere."
Patience stopped short and leveled a narrow-eyed glance my way. "Why? What did he tell you?"
I felt all the blood in my body rush to my face.
Miss Cordelia laughed. "Well, you are a beautiful young lady."
I opened my mouth to protest, but snapped it shut. Miss Cordelia didn't say that I said Patience was beautiful. She said it as a general statement.
Patience didn't looked one bit surprised. In fact, she looked happy as a clam. Her pink lips turned up at the corners and her eyes seemed to become an even brighter shade of blue.
"Thank you," she told Miss Cordelia, but looked at me the whole time.
When I looked over at Miss Cordelia, she had a pleased look on her face. What in the world was going on?
"I brought these for you," Miss Cordelia said, reaching into her bag and handing the gloves to Patience, "based on what Maxwell told me about you," she continued, smiling directly at me. She turned back to Patience. "I think they'll look lovely on you."
Patience quickly slipped them on. "I do love them," she said, looking at me. "Thank you very much."
I squirmed uncomfortably.
"You are most welcome," Miss Cordelia said, turning toward the door where Ben and Katharine had appeared. "You must be the Olsons. I'm Cordelia Beck. Turtle's wife."
"What a lovely surprise. Do come in," Katharine said, tucking a long strand of gray hair behind her ear. She glanced down at the velvet bag that held the other gift, the music box. "What do you have there?"
"Just a little something I hope you and Ben will both enjoy." Miss Cordelia abruptly turned toward me and Patience. "Patience, could you please entertain Maxwell while I get to know your grandparents?"
I squirmed again, remembering our earlier conversation.
"It would be my pleasure," Patience said, taking one of my hands in one of her gloved hands. She nearly pulled me off the porch.
I looked back at Miss Cordelia, but instead of her being alarmed at Patience's brash behavior; she looked pleased as could be.
"Where's Hun?" Patience asked, looking at Socks.
"I have two other horses. This is Socks and the other one is Daisy. I had 'em before I came here."
She nodded. "Maybe we can ride together one day soon." She took off her gloves and stroked them. "They're so soft. I think I'm going to wear them to bed tonight." She looked at me. "When can I ride Hun?"
I blinked. She could change subjects faster than anyone I ever met.
"Hun is barely broke. I wouldn't want you to get hurt."
"Hmmm."
She walked a little further away from the house. I followed, mainly because I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do.
"I thought about you today."
What kind of thing was that to say? I had no clue how to respond, so I kept my mouth shut. I figured it was safer that way.
"Well?"
"Well, what?" I countered.
"Did you think about me, too?"
Tsss. Sssss. That was not a good sound. "Whatever you do, don't move."
"Why? Are you gonna kiss me?"
It took every speck of concentration I had to ignore her tantalizing question.
"Hush," I said.
Trrrrr. That was the sound I was waiting for. I caught sight of it just behind Patience. I have to admit I was surprised she didn't hear it, too. Maybe if she did, she didn't know what it was. But I did.
"Did you just tell me to hu"
Trr I crouched and swung my hand out and grabbed the rattlesnake by the throat before it could react.
It wasn't a big rattlesnake, but it was big enough. I heard Patience gasp, but didn't look at her. Instead, I reached up with my left hand and twisted its neck, then drove it into the rocky earth like a bullwhip.
Since I wore moccasins, not boots, I couldn't grind its head into the ground, so I took a rock and brought it down on the serpent's head. I raised the rock again. I wanted to make sure it was dead.
"Maxwell! Stop!"
I looked up at Patience. She was livid, but I couldn't for the life of me fathom the reason.
"I said, stop!"
I looked down at the limp coil on the ground to make sure it was a snake I was killing. "Stop doing what?"
"You're killing it!"
"Because it was gonna kill you!" I almost hollered back. Had she lost her mind?
Her eyes were still narrowed, though they looked glassy now. All signs of flirtatiousness were gone. "It's dead," she said unnecessarily.
I had eyes; I could see. But her words ruffled my feathers, mostly because her tone was accusatory, like I'd done something reprehensible.
"You ever been bit by a snake?" I asked.
"No."
"Course you haven't. Otherwise you'd be dead," I said. "Would you rather I just watched while it bit you?"
"No," she said. "But snakes eat vermin."
"They do," I agreed, but still had no idea what she was getting at.
"They're part of God's creation."
"I suppose they are."
"You don't kill everything that tries to hurt you, do you?"
"Course not."
"Good."
I sure hoped she would stop talking in circles and get to the point.
"You could have just moved it somewhere else, Maxwell Beck."
"I could have," I said, though the thought of moving a rattler somewhere else instead of being done with it made little to no sense to me. But the way she said my name at the end almost made me forget the bossy words before that.
She couldn't seem to take her eyes off the dead snake. "Maybe you should go inside," I said.
Patience looked into my eyes then and for the first time didn't say a word. She nodded.
"Thank you for saving my life," she said, a little breathlessly. And before I knew what was happening, she leaned over and kissed me right smack on the mouth.

Chapter 12
Secrets Revealed


Later that night, when I was staring up at the ceiling, unable to catch a wink, I thought about Patience and little else.
I ran the kiss through my mind over and over again  the ahhhh that escaped her lips before they touched mine, the slightly wet feel of her warm lips against mine, her small sigh afterward. I might have sighed a little, too.
I tossed and turned so much that even Dog moved to the other end of the bunkhouse to escape my constant moving about. Jaw-Long left in the middle of the night, but I doubted it was because of my restlessness.
James and Sarge had talked that night about what having a wife meant. They made it seem like it was a bad thing, but I didn't pay 'em no mind. Sounded like a whole lot of sour milk to me.
I couldn't get Patience out of my head. She was unlike any other female I ever knew. She had a sassy mouth, was pretty as a doll, and made me feel like I've never felt before. Guess I was taking a shine to her.
And I thought, too, about what Pa said about me and a girl with golden curls. Patience had to be that girl. I didn't put much stock in fate, but I didn't know what else to call it.
I got out of bed when I heard the birds calling. I always liked the sound of birds because they made so many different ones; soft hoos, sharp kruks, whistley wees, caws, mournful troos, and startling quawks.
The morning began like every other day at the CB, with the exception of the feel of rain in the air. It wasn't here yet, but it would be soon.
Once I got dressed, I went outside to splash some water on my face. I saw Turtle and Miss Cordelia on the porch. She was kissing his cheek and she had a smile on her face. Turtle still looked a little stiff, but he did give her a peck back. Maybe he felt he didn't know her well enough yet to be so familiar.
He was an odd duck sometimes. But Miss Cordelia must've thought he was all right, otherwise she woulda left by now.
As he rode away, I saw Miss Cordelia turn and face me. I waved. She waved back at me like I was an old friend, then turned and went inside.
There more I saw her, the more she reminded me of Ma. She was more delicate than Ma, but she had the same bone-deep kindness.
On the other hand, she had a secret named Will. At least I think she did. Ma didn't keep secrets, so I guess I didn't know for sure if Miss Cordelia was keeping one.
"We're stayin' close to home today," Sarge said when I walked back inside.
He was dressed in his drawers. When I first came to the CB, I used to turn my eyes away from him, until I realized he did the same thing each day. It took me a while, but pretty soon I was able to pretend he was wearing his outside britches.
"Because of Miss Cordelia?" I asked.
"Partly," he said, scratching the top of his red mop of hair. I sure hoped Dog hadn't given him fleas when he went to sleep on top of his clothes the other night.
"Boss said they been having lots of trouble in town. He said you might know one of the troublemakers."
I blinked in surprise. The only living man I knew outside of the ones that stayed at the CB was Hinto, and he was no trouble at all. "Who?" I asked.
"A man by the name of Brady."
"Doesn't ring a bell," I said. I would've remembered the name.
"He's got two brothers. Boss killed one of 'em. He said you wounded the both of 'em the first day you came to town."
"Oh," I said, the memory flooding back. "Didn't know their name."
"Boss heard Brady's rounding up a gang." He sucked his tongue against his teeth like he was trying to dislodge something unpleasant. "He'll be looking to kill Boss."
"We have to stop him," I said. I didn't have particularly warm feelings for Turtle, but he was my boss. If he died, I wouldn't have a job. And if he died, Miss Cordelia would probably leave, too. And the truth was, I sorta liked sleeping in a bed at night.
Dog sidled up to me and sat on my feet. I scratched him under his chin and he laid his head against my leg so I'd keep on scratching. I'd surely miss Dog, too.
"You're a good kid," Sarge said, and set about getting breakfast ready.
After we ate, we worked on fixing part of the barn roof that had blown off during a short storm two days prior and then stopped for lunch. About that same time, Turtle rode up, his horse heaving and shiny with sweat.
"Everything all right, Boss?" James asked, stepping forward to grab his horse's bridle.
"Not as right as they could be." When he slid off his horse, I saw a gun belt in his hands. It was a thing of beauty, made of fine, pliable leather. It also had two holsters. Everyone else on the ranch wore gun belts with one holster.
Turtle tossed the gun belt to me, then reached in his pockets and pulled out a pistol and a box of bullets.
"You'll need to practice a bit with it, but it's a Colt, like the one you brought with you."
He handed me the gun and bullets. No flourish or anything, not that I would have expected it, but I noticed he was careful with the gun. Probably thinking about me shooting Pa. I also noticed the barrel was short, like the one he carried.
"You're giving the kid a gun?" Phin asked, with something akin to shock on his face.
"He has a pistol and a rifle of his own already." He paused for moment. "The boy's a better shot than you and me put together."
I could feel everyone staring at me. It made me almost as uncomfortable as having Patience bore into me with one of her pointy looks.
"You're jokin', right?" Phin persisted. Jaw-Long appeared just behind us. He didn't make a sound.
Turtle didn't back down. "I want him armed. He's the only nephew I got."
With that, he turned around and started toward the house. I heard James gasp behind me, but it was nothing compared to the gasp Miss Cordelia made.
"Maxwell is your nephew?" she asked.
I couldn't speak for the others, but I was stunned to see her, let alone hear her. She hadn't made a peep prior to her shocked question.
Turtle kept walking. "He is."
I don't know what I thought she was gonna say, but it surely wasn't, "Then why is he sleeping in the bunkhouse?"
It probably wasn't what Turtle expected, either. He gently, but firmly, led Miss Cordelia away from the bunkhouse toward the house.
All of us watched them until they shut the door behind them. I hated to think of Turtle getting angry at Miss Cordelia, especially because of me, but I couldn't think of a thing I could do.
"I hope he isn't too hard on her," I said to Sarge.
Sarge shrugged. "He treated his last wife kindly, and all she did was complain. I wouldn't waste time worryin'."
"He had a wife?" I was stunned.
"Two of 'em. First one died trying to give birth to a stillborn daughter. The one before this one ran off with a traveling salesman."
Before I could question him further, he abruptly started laughing.
"If I know Boss, he'll probably be more upset that I was out here in my drawers," Sarge said, caressing his belly, which thankfully was buried beneath his dingy long johns.
Laughing, Phin and James shoved Sarge through the doorway. But after a moment, everyone went still as church mice. Turtle and the CB were in real danger.
Once we ate and cleaned up after ourselves, James ran a skeptical glance over me, especially my hands.
"What do you say we all go to green gulch and get some shootin' in before we buckle down to important matters?"
"I'll get some tins," Phin offered.
I nodded, though I felt butterflies start flappin' in my stomach. I was surprised to see Jaw-Long checking a pistol. I had never seen him fire a gun of any kind. I was curious to see if he was as good with a gun as he was with his hira-shurikens.
Once we got to green gulch, we loaded our pistols and checked to make sure everything worked. James made a row of tin cans, staggered higher and lower on a rocky ledge in front of the gulch wall. Phin casually set his cans wherever the urge struck him.
I leaned back and watched the three older men fire their weapons. All were good shots. I had expected that much because I'd seen them fire their weapons from time to time.
After they set the cans up again, Sarge nodded at Jaw-Long.
While the other men trained their eyes on the cans, I trained my eyes on Jaw-Long.
Cheeng. Chee. Chee. Cheeng. Chee. Just that fast, Jaw-Long blasted the cans off the rocks that had been set up for him. And just as fast, his arm returned to his side so that it appeared he'd hadn't fired a shot.
"What in the blazes?!" James called out, punctuating it with a loud whoop.
Jaw-Long said nothing. He replaced the cans and returned to stand alongside me. I thought of a father, standing at his son's side during a time when a little reassurance and mental courage were called for.
The butterflies in my stomach started flapping in earnest. This was a new feeling to me because of the competitive nature of us shooting one at a time in front of each other.
And then there was the fact that I had never fired the short-nosed Colt before. There was a very real chance I wouldn't hit every target, or any of em, for that matter.
"Well, boy, you gonna shoot or not" James started to say.
I snapped both guns out of their holsters at the same time, tilting my hips back just a tad to counterbalance the heft of two guns. Then I simply fired with as much speed and control as I could muster.
"Chup. Chee. Chup. Chee. Chup. To the untrained ear, each can went down without a noticeable pause between shots. But as I brought up my right hand to fire, my ears heard the wah sound of air and a slightly different wuh when I brought up my left hand. I made a mental note of how many bullets remained in the chamber of each gun and lowered the Colts when I was finished.
"Good God a'mighty!" James cursed. "That's quite a little secret you been keeping, Max. I've never seen such good shootin', except for Jaw-Long." He turned to Sarge, who was staring at me with his mouth open. "Have you?"
Sarge took off his cowboy hat and ran his hand through the tangle of his hair. "Can't say that I have. The only one I ever saw that came close was Deadwood Dick. And I don't know if even he was as fast."
"Looks like we ain't got a thing to worry about with Jaw-Long and the boy around," Phin said with a grin.
At that instant, a faint scraping sound near the top of the gulch took my attention. Jaw-Long's, too. It sounded like elk hooves or maybe a horse.
We turned in unison toward two men on horseback, strange men, though there was a familiarity about one of 'em. Even from where we stood, I could see the straight line of his longish nose and the wheat color of his hair against his jacket, the same features I remembered seeing in the two men I had wounded in town.
The worst part about the whole situation was that they probably saw us shootin', or at the very least, saw what I could do.
Jaw-Long caught my eye.
Looked like my secret wasn't all that secret anymore.

Chapter 13
Warnings


The men on horseback took off.
"That's gotta be Spaulding! I'm going to the house," Sarge said, forcing his bulky body into a sort of a running waddle across the distance to his equally bulky mount.
"I'm goin' after 'em," James said.
"Me, too!" Phin said. I'd never seen him so eager to do anything, except maybe eat a big hunk of meat slathered in gravy.
Jaw-Long gave me an ambiguous look and said nothing.
"I'll go to the Olsons to make sure they're all right," I said, leaping on Hun.
I stopped calling him Juan and started calling him the name Jaw-Long had given him, and pronouncing it right, too, after I left the Olsons' house the second time. I figured it was disrespectful to both Hun and Jaw-Long if I didn't.
And the peculiar thing about it was that Hun seemed almost happy I was calling him with that Chinese pronunciation. Made me wish I would've done it sooner and saved myself a few bruises and sore muscles.
Jaw-Long slid onto his horse and headed for home at a full gallop. He overtook Sarge in a matter of seconds.
Hun leaped forward like a race horse when I gave his sides a tap and let me direct him through the gulch and between the hills that led to the Olsons at a faster pace than usual.
I'd be lying if all I thought about was the older couple's safety. Truth was that I was thinking mostly about keeping Patience out of harm's way.
When I arrived in front of the cozy house, I hopped off Hun and raced for the door. Patience and Ben met me there.
"We heard you coming," Patience said.
Ben took one look at me and pulled me inside. Katharine, who had been sitting in a chair, knitting, dropped the wad of yarn and her big knitting sticks into the basket at her feet. "You're wearing guns!" she said, her forehead scrunching down into a knot of worry lines.
"Yes ma'am," I said. "I come to see if you're all right. There's been some trouble brewing. Me and the others were at green gulch and caught a couple strangers watching us."
I gave Ben a look. He would know how serious I was, and that I didn't want the women to know.
He walked carefully on arthritic legs to the corner to fetch his rifle. I finally gave Patience my full attention. I had been ignoring her on purpose because I didn't know if she was regretting the kiss.
"Is there gonna be a killing?" she asked.
"Sheesh, Patience," I said. "Do you ever think about anything you say first?"
Katharine and Ben both laughed, though I couldn't see one funny thing about what I said.
"Would you rather I pussyfoot around?" she asked, showing her even, white teeth.
"Guess not," I said, forcing myself to look away. If I didn't, I knew I wouldn't be able to stop staring at her.
"Patience," Katharine scolded with affection in her voice. "Mind your manners."
"Hmmmph!" Patience said.
"Turtle said there's an outlaw gang in the area," I told Ben. "Nothing for you to be concerned about 'cause it's not you they're after. I just wanted you to know to be on the look-out," I finished.
"Who are they after?" Patience asked.
"Primarily the sheriff."
"Are you in any danger?"
I shrugged. "I'm not looking for trouble."
"That's not what I asked." Patience turned to her grandmother. "Grown men don't shoot boys, do they?"
Katharine smiled gently. "No, darling, they shouldn't."
"Shouldn't isn't a very reassuring word," she said with a frown. "And what if they don't know Max isn't a grown man?"
Part of me was glad she seemed worried for my safety. Another part was irritated that she kept referring to me as a boy.
Katharine caught my glance. "I know you're wearing guns, but can you fire them with any degree of accuracy?"
"Yes, ma'am. I can."
"I'm glad to hear it," she said.
But Patience wasn't finished. "Can you go somewhere until the gang is captured?"
"I can," I said. "But I won't."
"Would you go if I asked you to?"
"I belong at the ranch."
Patience went to the window. She pulled the curtain back and stared out of it. Her face had a contemplative look to it. Or was she just sad? I couldn't tell.
Patience suddenly left the room.
"I imagine you need to get back to the ranch, Maxwell, but please stop by again real soon," Katharine said in a kindly voice. I'm sure she was trying to smooth over Patience's abrupt departure. "You're always welcome here."
When she smiled at me, it warmed my heart and made me wish I had a grandmother just like her.
"Thank you, son," Ben said as I walked to the door. "Patience is just worried, is all," he added in a low voice.
I nodded and left without saying goodbye to Patience.
Once I was atop Hun and facing the ranch, I turned around in my saddle. I hated myself for doing it, but I couldn't help myself.
As I looked over my shoulder, my heart skipped a beat. Patience was on the porch now, her hands clasped in front of her.
I raised a hand toward her. Just when I was starting to think she wasn't gonna wave back, she raised her hand. I saw her smile, too, a slight, sad quirk of her lips.
It didn't matter, though. She had come out on the porch special to see me. I trotted Hun over to where she was standing and reached into my pocket.
Her cheeks were unnaturally pink and I noticed her eyes were glassy. I surely hoped she wasn't gonna waste any tears worrying over me.
"This was my Ma's," I said, holding out the little silk packet that contained the delicate gold necklace Pa told me about before he died. "She'd be pleased to know I was givin' it to you," I told her.
She came forward and took the little pouch from my hand. When she slid out the chain with a tiny four-leaf clover charm on it, her whole face lit up.
"It's the most beautiful thing I ever laid eyes on," she said.
I smiled, relief and something else I couldn't identify filling my heart. I was glad I started putting it in my pocket on a whim the day after I met her. Then I turned Hun around and kicked him in the ribs.
I sure hoped I'd live long enough to see her eyes light up like that again.


When I got back to the ranch, Jaw-Long and the other men had divvied up sides of the ranch to watch over. Since gunshots were about as plentiful as crow calls, we decided on a signal that would let the others know danger was at hand: two shots in rapid succession, then a single shot a second later. It was a sound none of us wanted to hear, but probably would sooner or later.
Can't say I was surprised that Miss Cordelia asked me to come to the house rather than patrol with the others. It went without saying that someone should make sure she was safe. It also went without saying that she was probably brimming with new questions about me.
"Thank you for coming to the house, Maxwell," she said, placing a fancy plate topped with a piece of apple pie in front of me.
"You're welcome. And thank you," I said, nodding down at the pie. "I haven't had apple pie in ages."
"Good. I have some tidying up to do. If you want another piece, there's more in the cupboard."
When she disappeared through the archway, I dug in with gusto. I particularly enjoyed the little dough leaves on top of the sugar-sprinkled crust that crunched when I bit into them.
Even though I entertained the idea of eating another piece, I didn't want to eat something that was meant for Turtle. I pushed the plate away from me and leaned back a bit to let the pie settle.
"Another glass of milk?" Miss Cordelia asked as she entered the room with an armful of folded cloths.
"No, thank you. I'm full to the brim. That was some pie you made. The best I ever tasted, as a matter of fact."
A wide smile lit her face. "I'm so glad." She turned away from me, placed the cloths on the counter and then sat in a chair across the table from me.
I didn't like the serious look on her face, but there was no escaping her or the questions I knew were coming.
"I was quite surprised to learn you're Turtle's nephew," she said.
"To tell you the truth, I wasn't sure if I really was relation. Today was the first time he put words to it," I admitted.
"But you arrived here by design. It wasn't exactly a chance meeting, was it?"
"No, ma'am, it wasn't." I looked her square in the eye. "I shot my pa. Afterwards, it was where he said we needed to get to." If she was surprised by my words, she gave no indication.
"You know, Max. Good people sometimes do bad things. Sometimes they're by accident, sometimes by design. It doesn't make you any less good. It just makes you human."
Those had to be some of the wisest words I'd ever heard.
"Knowing you, even for the short time I that have, I would have to say it was an accident," she said.
"It surely was." I felt tears prickle at the back of my eyelids and swallowed hard to force them away.
She took one of my hands and patted it. "You remind me so much of my own son, Will."
I blinked in surprise. If I had expected her to pussyfoot around the fact, I was sorely mistaken.
"He's nineteen now. His father, a lawyer, was killed by an angry client. When I remarried, Will and my new husband didn't get along." She sighed sadly at the memory. "Will left. It was unfortunate because my second husband died two months later from kidney failure. I've written letters to the addresses Will sends to me, but I doubt he receives them. I only receive sad letters that speak of his failures."
She looked toward the window, then back at me with a melancholy smile. "I know Will has done bad things. I fear some are by choice."
"Bad things?"
"I believe he's been keeping company with rough men."
"Does Turtle know?"
"He knows Will went his own way after I married Judge Rumford. I've been meaning to ask your uncle if he's heard any news about Will since I arrived, but it never seems to be the right time to ask."
It felt like I should say something, so I said the first thing that came into my head. "If Will is anything like you, I'm sure he'll end up on his feet."
"Thank you, Max."
I hoped I was right. She touched the delicate necklace at her neck and I thought of Patience.
"Do you think I look like an Indian?" I asked.
"What makes you ask?" Miss Cordelia said. She looked a bit taken aback by the change of subject.
"Patience asked me. When I said I didn't think so, she asked me if I was Chinese."
Miss Cordelia bit her lip. I'm pretty sure it was to keep from laughing. "She certainly doesn't have a problem with speaking her mind  not that it's a bad thing. Sometimes it can be a nuisance trying to guess what someone else is thinking. That might be why she's so direct."
It made sense to me.
Miss Cordelia gave me long look. "I do believe it's because of your hair."
I guess with my hair being long and dark and my skin being fairly dark, I could pass for an Indian or Chinaman.
"Do you like your hair long?" she asked. "Or would you like to wear it short for a while? You're a fine-looking young man. Less hair would show off your features."
I felt my cheeks grow hot. No one had ever said I was fine-looking except for Ma. If Miss Cordelia noticed I was blushing, she didn't let on.
She pulled my hair away from my face. After looking at me from a number of different angles, she smiled. I took it to mean she liked the way I looked with short hair.
"I wouldn't be averse to choppin' some of it off."
"Would you like to go to the barber in town? Or would you like me to cut it?"
"You would cut it?"
"I certainly would, though I can't promise it will turn out as nicely as a barber's cut."
"I'm sure you'll do a fine job. But even if you don't, my hair grows quicker than a weed."
She left and returned with a mirror and scissors. She held the mirror in front of me and I stared at my reflection.
It was the first time I'd looked closely at myself in more than a month. The face looking back at me seemed like it belonged to someone else; darker skin, leaner. I had changed a goodly amount in the past month.
I reached beneath my shirt and pulled out the necklace Hinto had given me. "Patience would probably think I was an Indian for sure if she saw this."
Miss Cordelia took the beaded gift in her hand. "She would think that whoever gave you this must think a lot of you."
"She might at that," I said. "Hinto's the one who got me and Pa to Deadwood. He taught me a lot of things. I hope I can repay him someday."
"I'm sure he doesn't want repayment for his friendship." She gave me a long look. "Your parents did a fine job of raising you, Max," she said, gently placing the necklace against my shirt. "Well, are you ready?"
"Sure am."
She combed my hair then cut it. A lot of hair went on the floor and my head felt pounds lighter. I wondered if it would affect my aim.
After she was finished, she cleaned the table and I swept up. I heard rapping at the door, so I left the broom where it was and went to see who it was.
Jaw-Long stood on the porch, his face as solemn as I'd ever seen him. He was holding Dog in his arms. I knew without seeing the blood stain near Dog's head that he was dead.
My breath caught in my throat and I couldn't speak. I nodded at Jaw-Long and backed away, my heart pounding so loudly I couldn't hear another thing. For the first time in my life, the air in front of me went black for a second.
Miss Cordelia gently led me to a chair.
I promised Pa and Ma that I would only use my powers for good, but I figured they wouldn't find fault with me for avenging the death of the first real animal friend I ever had.
"Max?"
I didn't look at her. I was afraid if I did, I would weep. I got up and went to the door. "I have to bury my friend."
I didn't want to frighten her, so I didn't tell her what I meant to do after that.

Chapter 14
Will


Kchuh. Frrrfh. The sounds of a shovel breaking earth and earth hitting the ground were becoming a familiar sound to me.
The other men gathered around Dog's grave with somber faces. No one offered to help me dig the hole; it was an honor reserved for me because Dog had been my special friend.
Turtle paid for Dog, but Dog adopted me the day I set foot on the CB. It was as if Dog just knew who needed him most.
Sarge sniffled as he stared at the ground at his feet. James and Phin were almost as tore up as I was. Jaw-Long's face was impassive, though I saw his Adam's apple bob a few times. He had been with Dog since Turtle brought him home.
Each of the men placed something that meant something to them on top of the blanket I wrapped Dog in. The blanket was a small quilt Ma made for me when I was a young boy. It was Dog's favorite. He used to sneak up on it when no one else was around and bury his head in the soft folds.
Sarge, Phin, and James each left a lucky coin on top of the blanket. Jaw-Long left a carved dog. When it was my turn, I placed a rag ball near where his mouth was. I found it once, on the way west, and put it in the wagon. For some reason I kept it with me when I sold the wagon. Now I knew why.
I took a deep breath and began shoveling earth on top of Dog. My sadness and shock was replaced by anger and the need to avenge my friend.
I didn't hear Jaw-Long come up to me  a sign I was distracted  and put his hand on my shoulder. He rarely touched me, even when handing me weapons. I thought he meant to share his grief with me. Instead, he sternly shook his head no.
It was as if he could read my mind. I knew anger could get a man killed, but I also knew I couldn't let what Brady Spaulding had done to Dog go unpunished.
I waited until Jaw-Long walked away, then went to the bunkhouse and dropped to my bed. A new blanket was on top. I recognized it as one Miss Cordelia had brought with her.
When Turtle returned, he went inside the house for less than a minute then came directly out to the bunkhouse.
"Thank you for burying Dog," he said. "He really took a shine to you." He swallowed hard, and waited for a moment. "It was most likely Brady Spaulding or one of his men. Only a monster would do something like that."
"I know."
"We'll get him," he said.
I nodded again, but I was thinking, I'll get him.
He gave me an assessing look. I'm guessing it was the kind of look he gave outlaws when he wanted them to confess.
"Someone come," Jaw-Long said from his pad at the other end of the bunkhouse  and nowhere near a window.
Turtle and I quickly went to the window to look outside. From behind the glass, I saw a youngish man on a brown horse. When he took off his hat on the way to the front door, I saw black hair. Instantly I knew who it was.
"Max? Would you come with me to the house?" Turtle asked, though it was more of a command.
"Sure thing."
The young man wore stained clothing that had holes everywhere. It looked as if he had been dragged by a horse. At least he was holding his hat respectfully.
He didn't see or hear us approach. All his powers of concentration seemed to be focused on the front door of my uncle's house.
When the door opened, he said: "Hello, Mother," in the oddest, most strangled, sad voice I'd ever heard.


The sheriff ground his jaw together, but there was no outward sign that he was angry about the appearance of his new wife's son. Relief flooded through me.
"You must be Will," Turtle said as we walked toward him.
Will flinched at the sound of Turtle's voice. He looked from Turtle to me and then focused his attention completely on my uncle.
"And you must be the sheriff," the handsome man said, extending his hand. "I'm William Forster, your wife's son. I guess that makes me your stepson."
Miss Cordelia watched the exchange with wide eyes. Everyone seemed to hold their breath for a moment, until Turtle held out his hand.
"I guess it does." He smiled and pumped Will's hand. "And this is Maxwell Beck. His father  my brother  passed away, so he's become the son I never had. I guess that would make him your brother."
I inhaled so sharply from shock that I coughed.
Will looked at me with narrowed dark blue eyes. He grinned and took me completely off guard by throwing his arms around me and giving me a big bear hug.
"Nice to meet you, Max. I always wanted a brother," he said.
When he released me, I glanced at Miss Cordelia. Her hands were clasped at her breast and tears of joy were running down her cheeks.
Will straightened and faced Turtle. "Would you be able to put me up for a couple of days? It would give us a chance to get to know one another before I head to Alaska to try my hand at panning for gold."
"You can stay as long as you like," Turtle said.
Truthfully, I was shocked by his graciousness. Maybe I didn't know the real Turtle after all.
"Will I be sharing a room with Max?" he asked.
"I sleep in the bunkhouse," I said.
He didn't bother to shutter his look of shock.
"I like the bunkhouse," I said, and I meant it.
"Not me. Give me a nice soft bed any day."
He said it with another smile and I realized he was one of those people who were impossible to dislike. He might be a bit of a charmer, but I knew he was good deep down where it counted. Turtle must've thought so, too.
"Bring your belongings inside. Your mother will fix you something to eat."
"Thank you, sir," Will replied.
Turtle nodded and held the door for Miss Cordelia. I looked behind me and saw the others watching the scene unfold near the open door. Will followed my glance. When he saw the men, he waved at them like he'd known them for years.
"We'll talk soon, little brother!" he said to me and hopped up the porch steps with his raggedy satchel. He was inside the house before I could utter a reply.
When I got to the bunkhouse, the men plied me with questions about the stranger. Phin, as expected, was wary. Jaw-Long neither asked any question, nor offered any thoughts about the new arrival. Sarge wanted to know what kind of fellow he was, and James asked how old he was and if he was gonna be staying long.
Once they knew I had few answers, they quickly lost interest. I went to my bed and was instantly reminded of Dog when I looked at the new blanket on my bed.
Even though I was dead tired, all I could do was lay on top of the new bedding and think about Dog. It made me feel hollow inside to know I'd never give him another secret treat or scratch him under his chin again.
I thought about Ma and Pa every day and my heart still ached with the loss, but this was a different kind of pain.
I thought I'd never fall asleep but I must've drifted off because I felt Sarge shaking me something fierce. I bolted upright.
"You got company," he said, motioning toward the house. I got up and saw Will walking toward the door of the bunkhouse. I rubbed the sleep from my eyes and went outside to meet him.
"Thought we could get to know each other a little better," he said, looking at the other men, who were rudely staring at him. "If you have the time."
"Sure do." I motioned to each of the men as I introduced them. "This is Sarge, Phineas, and James." I looked around for Jaw-Long, but he was curiously absent. "Jaw-Long must be outside attending to something or t'other."
"I'm sure I can attach the name to the right person," he said with an easy smile.
I never was much of a conversationalist, so I was happy that he seemed to have no problem thinking of things to say.
"I wouldn't mind seeing a bit of the ranch," he said.
"Of course." It was almost dusk, but I supposed the request was his smooth way of getting us away from the ears of the others.
We headed for the corral. We didn't say a thing, but there was an ease between us that felt oddly natural, like I knew him all my life.
"You like it here?" he asked.
"I do."
"Mother thinks the world of you," he said.
"She's a fine woman."
He chuckled. "Trying to get words out of you is like trying to pull teeth."
"I never was much of a talker."
He grinned. "Sometimes I wish I was better at keeping my mouth shut."
I couldn't think of a response, so I didn't say a thing.
"You ever do anything bad?"
His question took me off guard, but when I looked at him he had a purely curious look on his face.
"I sure have."
"I'm not talking about stealing a slice of warm pie at a church picnic or telling a white lie."
"I know."
He gave me one of those penetrating looks that Patience liked to favor me with. "Tell me one bad thing you've done."
"I killed my Pa."
His jaw dropped.
"It was an accident."
He looked at me for a couple seconds then swiveled his gaze to the distant hills. He took in each hilltop as if he was searching for something in particular.
"Looking for something?"
Will nonchalantly turned toward me. "Maybe I am." But he didn't elaborate. "You shooting your Pa was an accident. I want to know if you ever did something bad that you knew was bad?"
"I try not to."
"Hmm," he said, looking down at his boots. "That may be my problem. Maybe I don't try hard enough."
Will was a hard person to decipher. He seemed to be an old man in a young man's skin. He knew right from wrong, but it sounded like one part of him was warring with the other over what to do. At least that's the impression I gathered first from Miss Cordelia, and now Will himself.
"Sure is pretty here," he said. "Looks like a place I'd be happy."
Will smiled a lot, but deep down there was a sad streak that seemed to bubble to the surface at the oddest of times. "I'm sure if you asked Turtle, he'd let you stay here long as you pleased," I said.
Will gave me a long look. "I like you, Max. You're the little brother I always dreamed of having."
That was a mighty fine thing to say. I met his glance and, like a lightning bolt, Pa's words hit me, and the vision I had of a young man with dark hair and his eyes flashed before my eyes again.
Will was the brother who would die in my arms.
I took a step back.
"Did I say something wrong?" Will asked.
"No," I lied. "Must be a little light-headed from missing supper."
"Then you better get something in that belly of yours," he said, giving my shoulder a good-natured punch.
As we headed back, I saw him give the entire ranch and the hills beyond another long look. It was the kind of look you give a place when you're trying to find something.
Or looking to see if something is trying to find you.
"You know, Max, I've done some things I wish I could take back."
"If you're in some kind of trouble, I'd be purely happy to help," I volunteered. "No matter what it is, I'm sure there's some way out of it."
"You don't even know me," he said with a grin. He had the same kind smile Miss Cordelia had.
"I'm serious, Will."
"I know you are."
We walked back to the bunkhouse. A crescent moon hung between two hills in the dusky sky. It looked like an invisible hammock was holding it up. I'd never seen such a strange sight. I hoped it wasn't an omen.
"We'll talk some more tomorrow," he said.
I wished I could find something cheery to say, but all my thoughts had turned gloomy, and I wasn't about to share those. I had a feeling he knew deep down something bad was about to happen. Maybe he recognized me from a dream or a vision that someone else had told him about. I got a shiver then.
"You're cold and so am I. Guess we should've put our coats on."
He turned and headed for the house. His shoulders were a bit hunched over, like the weight of the world was on them.
And though I couldn't see any outward signs, I had a sickening feeling his world was going to come crashing down and there wasn't a blamed thing I could to do to stop it.

Chapter 15
Bad Men


Something stuck in my head about the way Will kept looking up at the hills. I hadn't heard or seen anything when I was with him, but there was something about his manner that made me want to figure out what or who he was trying to find.
For the first time in my life, I had a burning desire to do something good for someone no matter what happened to me in the process.
Maybe a little part of me wanted to atone for my part in Pa's demise. But I truly did want to help Will to shake his demons and live here with me as my brother.
I pictured us going riding and talking about things brothers talked about. I thought about Patience then. I wanted to hear what Will thought about her, and maybe have him give me some advice on how to talk to her.
One thing about Will's chat  it woke me right up. Once the others were asleep, I slipped on my trousers and shirt and headed outside, gun belt in hand. I had both Colts in their holsters. I didn't think I would be using 'em, but better to be safe than sorry.
If Hun was surprised to see me, he didn't let on. I slipped on his bridle and we left the corral, quiet as church mice.
Socks and Daisy put up a token fuss for not being included, but soon ignored us when I tossed them each a thin carrot.
I led Hun to the gulch at the edge of the property then focused on the area around me.
Hoo-hoo. An owl.
Hkhkhk. That was the winding slither a snake made over a rocky patch of ground.
I heard a gunshot in the distance, but there wasn't anything unusual about that sound this time of night. It was most likely a gunshot from some drunk leaving a saloon.
I looked behind and all around me. Everything was quiet as death except for the occasional mawww from one of the cattle. Even Hun was breathing quietly as he turned his head this way and that, as if helping me search for signs of anything out of place.
Once I gave his neck a good rub, I slid on top and we started toward the hills. The moon didn't give enough light for me to be able to see as well as I would've liked, so I loosened the reins and let Hun find his way.
The soft plodding of his hooves against sod and gravelly rock was a soothing sound as we headed higher uphill. Soon the light from the candles and lanterns in the bunkhouse and house disappeared from sight and near darkness enveloped us.
"I said no!"
Hun shook his head and halted on his own. He stayed stock still as I strained to hear the source of the faint but unmistakable sound of a man's voice.
I heard more voices. Men's voices. They were still a good distance away, but I was sure they were on CB land.
Rustlers? If they were, I was by my lonesome. I tried not to think about the gun belt I was wearing. I knew Turtle would be furious if I ended up taking a shot at someone.
As I was contemplating a possible course of action, I heard the whispered sound of silk against silk. It was Jaw-Long. He wanted me to know he was nearby.
I could hear things most people would never hear. Jaw-Long was the same, except he had more experience with listening than I did. I knew if there ever was a contest between the two of us, I would be the loser. It didn't make me sore, though. I was just glad he was my friend.
"Jaw-Long's comin'," I whispered and turned toward the sound so Hun would expect him and not whinny out and give my position away.
Jaw-Long joined me a few seconds later. I listened for the murmur of his soft-soled shoes and the light as air swish of his robe and finally saw him emerge from a spot above us.
"How'd you get up there?" I whispered when he reached me.
"I fly," he said. He was so close I could see the hint of a smile on his face.
He turned toward the voices and pointed to a hill just to the east of us. "Man watch." He held up one finger. "Anothah," he said, pointing in the opposite direction.
Jaw-Long placed his head against Hun's nose, rubbed his neck and then loosely tied one rein to a tree branch.
I was about to protest that he could easily escape, but Jaw-Long stopped me. "Dey no catch dis way."
He was right. If someone did spot Hun and try to grab him, he would break free and race home. The darkness would probably hide the fact he was wearing a bridle and it would appear that he was a wild horse, or just one that had gotten loose.
I followed Jaw-Long further up the hill on foot. He probably had a good 20 years on me, but he climbed like a five-year-old just up from a long nap. It was a real effort to keep up to him.
He moved much like Hinto did. He stayed very low to the ground and used his hands on the ground to keep his balance sometimes. I imitated him as best I could.
A short time later, he held up his hand. I stopped behind him. He was crouched down, so I stayed that way, too. Then he put a finger to his lips.
"He'll be back in a day or two." The strange male voice was close. Real close.
Jaw-Long caught my eye and pointed to the man on watch to our right, and the one to our left. Neither seemed to notice us. One lit a long cigarette.
No one said anything else, but I smelled cigarette smoke.
"Got one for me, Carlos?" a different voice asked.
"Last one."
Jaw-Long continued to watch and listen. He didn't seem at all bothered by long periods of doing nothing. I felt the muscles in the back of my right leg suddenly seize up. I carefully stretched and repositioned myself.
"Hey, Brady. What're you gonna do if he doesn't come back?" another voice asked. Again, it sounded very close to me and Jaw-Long's hidey-hole.
My ears perked up at the mention of Brady.
"Kill him."
My blood ran cold. Brady didn't say Will's name, but I knew instinctively who he meant.
"We go," Jaw-Long whispered.
I didn't know how long we had been sitting up there, but it had to be a good half hour. I started to stand, but my left leg gave out. I fell sideways against Jaw-Long.
The pain was something akin to being stabbed, but somehow I kept my tongue. Unfortunately, I banged into Jaw-Long with such force that I tipped him over and landed on him. We hit the slope, sending a loose sheet of rock sliding forward.
I was going to get us both killed!
"Over there!" I heard someone yell. At the same time, I heard Hun whinny and his hoof beats racing away.
Jaw-Long grabbed my arm and pulled me along with him. We scuttled across the terrain like crabs, silent and low.
The pain in my leg made me want to cry out, but I gritted my teeth together. Keeping my tongue was a true matter of life and death.
"There goes his horse!" one of the men yelled.
"He's around here somewhere," Brady said. He paused for a moment. "Will? That you?"
My stomach sank as my worst fear was confirmed. I heard the sound of hard soles scrambling across the hillside.
Jaw-Long's hand tightened on my arm and he pulled me with him under a huge lip of earth. Huge roots formed a sort of web over it. He pushed me toward it.
"I'm too big," I whispered. The footsteps were getting closer.
"You fit." He pushed against me, forcing me between the two biggest roots. My gun belt got caught, but I felt him deftly maneuver it around the root. In the space of two seconds, I was beneath the earthen lip.
I didn't have room to turn around and my leg was hurting something fierce, but my biggest concern was Jaw-Long. I had no doubt they would kill him if they caught him.
I felt a movement next to me and forced my head to the side to see what it was. I was shocked to see Jaw-Long maneuvering in beside me, with his back to the wall  the opposite direction to me.
I was amazed that I had fit inside the small space, let alone Jaw-Long, too. I watched him pull his robe around the front of me, so it would look like dirt instead of a body.
No more than three or four seconds passed and I heard boots scramble past, then another pair. The second pair paused less than a body's length from where we were hiding.
Ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum-ba-bum. My heart was beating so hard I was surprised whoever was nearby didn't hear it.
"Will?" Brady's voice was smooth as Jaw-Long's silk robe. "Willy, boy? That you?"
Babumbabumbabumbabum! My heart wanted to jump out of my chest. I swallowed the dry lump in my throat and tried to sneak in a quiet deep breath to calm myself.
"Come on out. We ain't gonna hurt ya."
I heard the telltale chuh of a hira-shuriken. A split second later I heard a yelp of surprise, then another chuh, followed by a surprised holler. But this time whoever hollered was angry.
"What the hell is wrong with you?" Brady yelled.
"Someone's throwin' knives!"
I smiled to myself. How Jaw-Long was managing to throw his hira-shurikens was beyond me. I didn't even feel his body shift when he threw them.
"Show your face!" Brady's voice demanded.
"Wait. These ain't no regular knives. I seen these in Chinatown."
"There's a Chinaman out here?" Brady asked incredulously.
"Or someone pretending to be a Chinaman."
"Why would someone"
"There's three riders headed this way!"
"From where?"
"The ranch."
"Vamoose!"
I heard two pairs of boots race up the hill, the sound getting softer and softer until the thunder of hooves drowned them out a few seconds later.
Jaw-Long extricated himself from our hiding spot, grabbed my foot and dragged me out. We were both on our feet when Turtle, Phin, and James arrived. All were half-dressed.
Jaw-Long nodded at me. I knew that meant he wanted me to do the talking.
"Brady and his men were up on the ridge." I motioned behind us. "They've been watching us."
Phin and James uttered a few choice names for the bad men then scrambled to the top of the hill.
Turtle stepped forward. "Either of you hurt?" he asked.
I shook my head no. Jaw-Long didn't say a word.
"What in the hell are you two doing up here?" Turtle yelled at Jaw-Long.
I was shocked at the anger in his voice and felt ashamed that Jaw-Long was taking the brunt of Turtle's anger when it was really me he that he should be sore at.
"It's not Jaw-Long's fault. He came lookin' for me."
"What were you thinking, boy? You coulda got killed!" Turtle moved so he was facing only me now. "You're not some part of a traveling show anymore. You can't go running off in the middle of the night every time a whim hits you."
His words stung like a smack across the mouth, but he did have a point, even if I never was part of a traveling show.
"I'm sorry, sir. I thought I saw something earlier in the day. I couldn't sleep, so I thought I'd check it out."
If I thought my admission would soften him a bit, I was sorely wrong.
"Knowing that Brady and his men are in the area?" He uttered a frustrated growl. "Lucky for you, Jaw-Long has Hun trained so well. If it wasn't for him throwing an ear-splittin' tantrum all the way back to the corral, you both might be dead right now."
He ran a hand through his hair. It seemed to soothe him some. "Did you hear anything?"
"A couple of names: Brady and Carlos. Not much else." I swallowed the lump in my throat. I wasn't exactly lying, but I wasn't telling him everything because I was afraid, if I did, he would put Will in jail or make him go away. I didn't want either of those things to happen.
Jaw-Long didn't say a word, not even to contradict me. I felt a fresh wave of shame. "Actually, I did hear"
"I heeah dem say day wahching us."
I blinked in shock. Jaw-Long was covering for Will! But why?
Turtle wearily rubbed his eyes. "Brady won't stop until he kills me or all of us. He looked up toward the hill where Phin and James were picking their way around. "See anything?" he called to them.
"Gone," Phin said.
"They won't be back," James said.
Turtle heaved a weary sigh. "Brady will," he said quietly. "Sooner or later."
Probably sooner, I thought. Unless I could somehow find a way to get to the outlaw first.

Chapter 16
The Jailer's Son


The next week passed in a blur. When I wasn't patrolling the boundaries of the ranch, I was spending time with Miss Cordelia and Will, or the Olsons and Patience.
Patience never mentioned the gang again and I was glad. I was also glad she was wearing the necklace I gave her. She even wore it on days when she wasn't expecting me so I guess she liked it. And I liked that she probably thought about me a little when she had it on.
One day late in the week me, Will, and Miss Cordelia went callin' to the Olsons. Will and Patience chatted easily and it seemed my lack of conversational skills finally caught up to me. I felt like a third wheel next to them, invisible, almost.
It wasn't hard to understand why a girl would like Will. He was tall, handsome, and seemed to know lots about anything and everything.
Just when I was about to get up and walk away, Patience turned away from Will.
"Did Maxwell tell you he saved my life?" she asked Will, though she was looking directly at me.
Will caught my stunned glance. He winked at me. "He saved your life, too? What does that make? Five or six lives so far?"
Patience turned toward me, eyes wide. "Five or six? Oh, my!"
Will ignored my look of panic and got to his feet. "Mother? The sheriff will be home soon. Max is going to show Patience some tricks he taught Hun, then join us back at the CB for dinner."
I could see what he was doing. Part of me was pleased he was giving me and Patience some private talking time. Another part of me felt a bit panicked. I didn't know one trick worth showin' Patience.
A pleased smile flitted across Miss Cordelia's face. She kissed Katharine's cheek and allowed Will to gallantly lead her by her elbow out of the house and down the porch steps to her horse. He gave her a hand up, though she didn't need it, then they set off for the CB  but not before he sent another conspiratorial smile my way.
"What did you teach Hun?" Patience asked.
I decided to be honest. "He doesn't know any tricks  new or old. I don't know why Will would say such a thing."
She shrugged then moved her glance to my hair. She hadn't said a word about it since Miss Cordelia chopped it off. "I like your hair this way. It suits you."
"I didn't think you noticed," I said, then got straight to what was on my mind. "Do you like Will?" I blurted the words out before I chickened out.
She appeared to be contemplating my words. "Well, he's a handsome man."
Those were not the sort of words I wanted to hear.
She giggled suddenly. "Don't be such a grump. You're both handsome men, but you're the one I fancy."
I didn't know how I felt about that statement, either. She fancied me, but she thought Will was handsome, too.
"How do you feel about teaching me how to shoot a gun?" she asked, abruptly changing the subject.
"Why don't you ask your grandpa?"
"He can't see very well anymore. He said I should ask you." Dimples appeared in her cheeks, making her look like a living doll. "He says you're responsible." She arched an eyebrow.
"Worse things than being responsible," I grumbled.
"Maxwell Alexander Beck. Do you ever laugh?"
"What an odd thing to say." I thought she'd be offended. I was wrong.
She scrunched her face in an imitation of me.
"Got a lot on my mind," I said with a shrug. I wasn't gonna let her get my goat.
"Do you think I'm smart?" she asked.
At least she wasn't talking about me anymore. "You're the smartest girl I ever met," I said.
She fluttered her long eyelashes. "Do you think I'm pretty?"
"You're the prettiest girl I've ever seen."
"Well, I think you're very handsome."
"As handsome as Will?" I asked. The second the words were out of my mouth, I felt like a fool.
"You're jealous."
I opened my mouth to protest, but realized I was jealous.
"That's all right," she said pleasantly. "It just means you like me."
Talking to a girl sure was hard work. Sometimes I would rather string wire in the blazing sun than try to keep pace with her constant stream of questions.
"Are you gonna marry me?"
I felt my cheeks grow hot again. "I ... I ... We're kinda young, aren't we?"
"I know, silly. I mean when we get older."
When I looked into Patience's eyes, I could see she wasn't teasing. Her soft, pink lips were curved in a hopeful smile. I will always remember that look. I had never seen anything so beautiful in all my life.
"If you still feel the same way about me in a few years, I'm gonna do the asking, if you don't mind."
"I'll be waiting," she said. "And you better ask!"


Turtle was waiting for me when I arrived back at the ranch. Deputy Deetz was with him, along with a few other men I'd never seen before. They looked edgy and nervous.
Deetz didn't acknowledge me and I didn't go out of my way to greet him, either.
"Brady's been spotted on the other side of Lead. We're going after him. Sarge and Jaw-Long are going to keep an eye on the CB. Phin and James are going into town tonight to make sure there's no trouble."
I turned toward the bunkhouse and saw the two men, close together, heads down, talking to each other. I also saw that each wore a shiny badge.
"Will's going to make sure nothing happens to his mother. Which leaves you."
I couldn't possibly see what I could do, but if there was a way to make myself useful, I'd be happy to do it.
"I need someone at the jailhouse to make sure there's no trouble. I don't have any more deputy badges, so you'll have to wear mine 'til I get back."
Before I could protest that I didn't need to wear a badge, he took his off his chest and pinned it on mine. "You'll do fine. Just don't let anyone pull the wool over your eyes. Phin and James will ride with you to town and tell you what you need to know. They'll check in with you from time to time."
He and his posse mounted up and raced away from the ranch, leaving behind a cloud of dust.
Will was white as a sheet when I came to the house to say goodbye to him and Miss Cordelia. He looked fearful and I had an inkling as to why. I wanted to ask him about Brady, but could never seem to get him alone long enough to ask. I guess I'd have to try in the morning.
I rarely went into town this late in the day. Off-key singing blared from one building, and hollering from another. Piano and banjo music emanated from yet another. I saw a dog run down an alley and it reminded me of how lonesome I was for Dog.
"When they start hollerin'  and trust me, they will  ignore 'em," James said as we unlocked the front door of the jailhouse.
This building looked relatively new, too. Turtle said that most of the lumber buildings in town burnt down at least once or twice since he put down roots in the area. It had gotten to the point where some of the wealthiest entrepreneurs in town had started using quarried stone to protect themselves against having to rebuild over and over again.
I'd been inside the Lawrence County Jailhouse once. It looked like a typical jail. Wanted posters cluttered one wall and the top of a desk. Lanterns, lit and unlit, were haphazardly placed about the office and the jailhouse.
The front windows of the jail were shuttered to keep outlaws from figuring out if it was safe to try and break out a relative or loved one.
Jail escapes were commonplace in Deadwood, though the number had dropped drastically after Turtle was elected sheriff. I fervently hoped no one tried any funny business when I was there. I didn't want to be an embarrassment to him.
"What if they need something?" I asked Phin as he checked the front windows.
"They been fed. The majority of em got a cot to sleep on and a honey bucket to piss in." He opened the door that separated the jail from the sheriff's office.
I recognized the man I had wounded lounging on a cot in the middle cell. Turtle said his name was Bobby Spaulding. Usually prisoners were there for a short spell, but I'd been told there had been some special circumstances regarding his stay.
Another man with a bulbous nose and button-like eyes was in the third cell next to Bobby. His name was Herrold. The cell on the other side housed the remainder of the unfortunates. All the men in that cell were sleeping so deeply they almost looked dead.
"You throwin' the boy in jail?" Herrold crowed when he saw me.
James pulled my jacket aside so Herrold could see Turtle's badge. "He's the law. And he ain't no boy."
Herrold hooted like an owl and then commenced giggling like a little girl. I wondered if he was drunk or just plain crazy.
"Drunks," Phin said, answering my unasked question. He rolled his eyes like he had to deal with them every day.
"You two better behave yourselves," Phin said. "Maxwell's the sheriff's boy."
"I didn't know the jailer had a son!" Herrold said, grabbing the bars between his sausage-sized fingers.
"You do now." Phin turned toward Bobby. He was staring at the ceiling in a contemplative fashion. It was as if we didn't exist, which was fine by me.
"What am I supposed to do?" I asked when Phin and James headed for the door.
"Catch up on your beauty sleep." Phin grinned at me.
"You could use it more than me," I teased.
"Very funny," Phin said with a roll of his eyes. "Whatever you do, don't let 'em git their hands on the keys or your guns. We'll be back to check in on you every once in a while." Phin socked me in the arm, then he and James left the office.
Almost at once, Herrold commenced howling an ear-splitting falsetto version of "Oh! Susanna."
Picturing the big oaf singing in a woman's voice set me to giggling.
I heard him stop mid-word and demand in a loud voice, "Who's laughing at me?"
I clamped my mouth shut.
"Get in here, boy."
I didn't see how it would hurt anything, so I shoved the big ring of keys in my front pocket and walked into the jail. To tell the truth, I liked the jingling sound of metal on metal.
Surprisingly enough, the sleeping inmates were all still sleeping, despite Herrold's serenade.
Bobby Spaulding got up off his cot and went to the door of his cell. He was wearing different clothes than when I shot him. There were no bullet holes in the shirt he was wearing, so I couldn't tell how badly he was wounded.
"You say he's the one who shot ya?" Herrold asked Bobby.
"Ya cut yer hair," Bobby said to me.
I nodded.
Bobby looked at Herrold. "It's him all right."
"Hoo-ee! You're tellin' me this little pee-wee shot you off yer horse?" Herrold backed away from the jail door and slapped his leg in between guffaws.
"Guess I should be happy I'm still kickin'. He was aimin' to kill me," Bobby said sourly.
"If I wanted to kill you, you'd be dead," I said in a matter-of-fact voice.
Herrold hooted again.
Spaulding pursed his lips. "Now that I got a good look at you, I think you was just plain lucky you even hit me."
"Luck happens once, like lightning striking the same place twice. I knocked you and your brother off your horses. If you ask me, that's more than luck."
Bobby narrowed his eyes but said nothing, while Herrold moved as close as he could to me. I took a step back and tried not to make a face. The more he moved around, the more he smelled like the bottom of a farmer's boots.
"How old are ya, boy?" Herrold asked.
"Fifteen."
"Hmmph!" he said, giving me a dismissive look. "Woulda had ya figured for twelve at the most."
"You must be about a hundred and ten, then," I said. The man was beginning to irk me.
Spaulding chuckled from his cell.
Herrold scowled in his direction. "What's so funny about that?"
I started back to the office.
"Could you bring me back some water, boy? I'm dying of thirst," Herrold asked.
I didn't see any harm in handing him a cup of water. The worst he could do was splash me with it.
"Me, too," Bobby said. "I'm powerful thirsty."
Neither looked like they had trick up their sleeves, so I set off to ladle each of the men a tin cup of water. I kept an ear cocked toward their jail cells in case they started whispering, but I didn't hear a word.
The only danger I could see was one of 'em trying to grab me and pull me close enough to grab the keys out of my pocket. I'd just have to stay at arm's length.
I brought their water to them, stopping about three feet from the bars that were holding Bobby, and extended one cup out toward him.
"You're not a very trusting fella, are you?" he said, reaching first with his injured arm, wincing, then reaching and taking the cup with the other. He sat down on his cot and proceeded to drink it down in one long gulp.
When he was done, he placed the cup on the floor and gave it a kick toward the bars. It skidded along the planks, making a tinny, sliding noise. "Much obliged," he said.
I took the other cup to Herrold's cell. He stretched his arm toward me, wiggling his fingers just out of reach of the cup. "I'm too fat," he said. "Bring it closer."
I shook my head. "I'm not comin' any closer."
"Move over this way, then. The bars are a little wider over here." He moved to the cell door. The bars were just a bit bigger on top. I glanced at Bobby. He wasn't paying any attention to me or Herrold.
The big man turned sideways and pressed against the bars. I could smell the stench of sour alcohol and vomit on his breath and resisted the urge to turn my face.
"C'mon, boy. I still can't reach it. You want an old man to die of thirst?"
I let down my guard for a split second and took a half-step toward him. It would be my undoing.
Herrold lunged against the bars, grabbing my arm and yanking me face first into them. The cup went into the air, drenching my head and back.
As Herrold grabbed my neck and tried to force my head between the bars with one hand, he groped for the handle of my Colt with the other. At the same time, I heard Bobby scramble over and reach through Herrold's cell for my keys. I was gonna be dead if I didn't do something fast.
"Grab the keys!" Herrold yelled, though I already felt Bobby's hands ripping my pocket.
The fat man's grip around my neck was like a vise. Then he hit the back of my head with his forehead. As my dazed gaze shifted, I saw the bottom of a mop.
An idea popped into my head.
I went limp and headed for the floor. Mid-fall, I swung my leg out behind me, caught the mop bottom with the toe of my moccasin and swung it to my hand.
The next instant, I drove the heel of my hand into Bobby's nose like Hinto had shown me during one of our learning sessions. As he fell backwards, he knocked the keys into the bottom of his cell. My other hand brought the mop up with as much force as I could muster, right into Herrold's privates.
The moment the mop handle made contact, he let out a bellow and relinquished his grip on me. He fell, his back to the floor, holding his privates.
By this time Bobby had recovered his wits and was scuttling across the floor to grab the keys. He looked kinda like a cross between a giant crab and a spider.
I yanked the mop out of Herrold's cell and stabbed it into Bobby's. As he leaped for the keys, I spun them toward me and snatched them up as quick as I could.
Once I was out of reach of both men, I replaced the mop and stood back to the wall, facing them.
Both men were quiet as church mice. The only sound I could hear was the sound of my own labored breathing. I swallowed hard and caught my breath.
Bobby's nose was bleeding now and a few of the young men in the cell against the side wall were sitting up and looking around as if in a daze.
"Your badge is crooked," Bobby said, wiping his nose on his sleeve.
In case it was a trick, I patted it with my hand instead of looking at it. Not only was it crooked, it was barely sticking to my shirt. I rearranged it so it hung straight while thanking my lucky stars that Phin and James hadn't been there to witness my stupidity.
"You're wasting your skills, boy. My brother, Brady, would pay you handsomely for your shootin' skills alone."
"What makes a man decide to be an outlaw?" It was a question I always wanted to know the answer to. I guessed desperation or greed, but I wanted to hear it straight from the horse's mouth.
"I don't think it's one thing in particular," he said, crawling back onto his cot. "You get to see lots of places and do lots of things."
"I've seen a lot of places and done a lot of things and I never get the urge to kill anyone."
"That's the difference between you and me. You're the jailer's son. He taught you right from wrong."
I was about to argue but I heard the click of the key in the front door along with a ruckus. I quickly made my way into the office and saw Phin and James hauling a struggling prisoner, a scruffy man with a pointed chin and bulging, bloodshot eyes, inside the building.
"What in blazes?" Phin asked, taking in my wet hair and shirt.
"Everything's under control," I told him.
He saw with his own eyes that I had possession of the key ring, and that my gun was in its holster on the front desk, but he shoved the squirming man toward James and rushed to the back of the jail anyway.
I followed, apprehensive about what the prisoners were gonna tell him.
Phin looked with amazement from Bobby's bloody face to Herrold, still cradling his privates with his two big bear paw hands.
"Someone better start talkin'." He directed his question to the two prisoners.
Relief flooded through me. Phin probably thought the prisoners were fighting amongst themselves as was sometimes their wont. I doubted growed men would admit a boy had put them in their place.
If he asked me directly what happened, I wouldn't lie, but I surely wasn't gonna volunteer any information. Words out of my mouth would either make me look incompetent, a bragger, or both.
Herrold looked up. "The jailer's son is one quick sumbitch. Took care o' the both o' us before I knew what happened."
Apparently Herrold was still a little drunk; otherwise he would've never admitted such a thing.
"Is that a fact?" Phin asked.
Bobby just made a sour face and turned away.
"Well, jailer's son," Phin told me with a grin, "start yakkin'. I have a feeling this is gonna be one helluva good story."
I shrugged. "Not much to tell. The two of 'em tried to take the keys off me when I as doin' 'em a favor, is all."
Phin laughed out loud. "James, get in here!" he called out to the office. "You gotta see this. The jailer's son had a little fun while we were gone."
"Jailer's son!" a couple of the other prisoners crowed.
My face got warm, but I guess there were a lot worse names that could get tossed on you.
I have to admit, though, from time to time, later in life, I pondered how one seemingly insignificant event could cause a name to stick so tight.
And cause a story to spread so far and so wide.

Chapter 17
Lowdown, Dirty Tricks


Will never seemed to tire of the story of how I escaped the clutches of not one, but two criminals. He took particular delight in hearing how I used the mop to save my bacon, and didn't seem to care one iota that my own idiocy is what got me into the predicament in the first place.
"But please be more careful in the future, little brother," he did admonish me later that day. "You can't entertain me if you're hog-tied or plucking bullets out of your hide."
I noticed how sober his face got when he mentioned the word bullets. It made me ever more resolved to somehow get Spaulding behind bars for his crimes against man, and to also make him pay for what he did to Dog.
Turtle and his posse didn't turn up anything but a couple of hungry thieves. He told us all to remain vigilant because it was only a matter of time before Spaulding and his men came back.
We all knew it wasn't just a threat.
As Turtle spoke the words, I again saw the fleeting, shuttered look of fear in Will's eyes and couldn't help but feel a little scared for him myself. I'm not fibbing when I say I'd have gladly given my left arm to make his troubles disappear.
Later, Will asked me to ride with him to the west edge of the ranch under the guise of checking the safety of the cattle there. We rode in edgy silence until he reined up under the shelter of a rocky outcropping overhanging the fence.
"I've really enjoyed getting to know you, Max."
My heart sunk. "What do you mean?" I asked, though I knew he was talking about leaving. His going away would make me almost as gloomy as it would Miss Cordelia.
"I wish I could change things I've done." He patted the neck of his horse and it nickered softly. "If I could, I would've taken Mother with me, away from Judge Rumford."
"Why?" I asked, though I knew I was gonna regret hearing his answer.
"He was a mean drunk. He treated Mother with such disrespect that I feared for her safety. When I confronted him, he threatened to have me arrested." He paused. "Mother begged me to leave."
He looked miserable. "So I did. I've regretted it every minute since, for her sake. And maybe mine, a little, too."
I didn't know what to say.
"I honestly thought that if I left, it would make things easier for her. I know now that it didn't."
He scanned the area and patted his horse's neck again. He seemed to love his beast as much as I loved mine.
"When I left, it was my intention to find gold. I thought I'd find enough to buy me and Mother a little house somewhere where she could paint and do the things she enjoyed."
He took a deep, long breath. "But I mostly found just enough gold to keep me alive. Often I fell upon hard times. I can't tell you how many days I slept in a field with nothing in my belly. I wish I'd come to Deadwood first. They say there's good money to be made right now at Whitewood Creek."
"I'm sorry, Will."
"Nothing to be sorry about. I was almost eighteen then. A man. I knew what I was getting myself into."
I doubted that he did. How could he?
"That's when I ran into Brady Spaulding and a couple of his men. They were friendly at first. The brothers joked with each other and they traveled under the guise of cowboys. They said I could join them."
I knew where this story was going, and it pained me to listen. Yet, I couldn't stop him. I had to hear it in his own words.
"They started robbing banks and trains. I knew it was wrong. I told them I was a lousy shot, so they made me their lookout. I even tried to escape once, but they brought me back and said they'd kill me if I tried again. It was five against one. That was the last time I tried."
He turned to look at me. "I'm not making excuses. What I'm trying to say is that I should have tried one last time. If I hadn't succeeded, as least I would've died with honor. Now I've ruined my name."
"No you haven't. You're here with us. I'll protect you with my last breath, I mean it, Will."
"I know you do. That's why if something were to happen to me," he said, "I could die easy, knowing Mother would be safe and happy with you and Turtle."
"I wish you'd stop talking like that."
"You need to hear it." He paused to look up at the hills. "And if something should happen to me before I have a chance to talk to Turtle, I'd be obliged if you'd tell him what I told you."
"Will, don't"
"One last thing: Brady thinks I'm here to get the low-down on his brother, Bobby. He didn't say it to me, but I heard him talking to the others about springing Bobby from jail."
A worried frown creased Will's brow. "When he does, he'll go after Turtle next. I've never seen Brady so intent on settling a score. He's cold-blooded, that one."
His next words held deep regret. "I want you to know that if I get a chance to stop him before that, I will  no matter what happens to me. But mainly I'm here to make peace with Mother. I'll be the first to admit I haven't been the best son the past couple of years."
It did my heart good to know that Will chose me to confide in.
"You're a good son and an honorable man," I told him. "We all think it."
His frown eased. "Thanks, Max. It means the world to hear you say those words."
"They're the truth." I felt a little selfish, but I had a question I'd been itching to ask and there never seemed to be a right time to ask. "What do you think of Patience?"
All signs of tension eased from his handsome face. "She's a pistol. And she's as sweet on you as you are on her."
I looked away, feeling suddenly embarrassed. "I'm probably gonna marry her in a few years," I said.
"You two complement each other perfectly. You truly do."
When I glanced back at him, I saw his smile was genuine, not mocking.
The sun was already moving down toward the hilltops. "Guess we'd better head back before someone starts to worry."
I wondered if Will ever had a girl he was sweet on. Probably a dozen, though he was pretty-closed lipped about that part of his life. I made up my mind that once all danger had passed, I would find out.


Even before we reached the corral, I had an unsettled feeling deep in my guts that something had happened while we were gone, though there were no outward signs except for the faint smell of something that had been burning.
The first thing was a surprise. A nice one, once I got over my initial shock. Turtle had arrived home early and he had something in a basket.
"For you," he told me. He must've felt a little awkward about giving me something, because he said, "Cordelia said every boy should have their own dog  though you aren't really a boy anymore."
I looked at the wiggling ball of fur in the basket and didn't know what to say. If I made a fuss over it, I would feel disloyal to Dog's memory, but if I refused it, I would insult Turtle.
Will saved me the trouble of doing the wrong thing by lifting the puppy out of the basket and rubbing noses with it. He had such an easy smile on his face, it was hard to believe the seriousness of our conversation only minutes ago.
"Hey, little girl," he cooed then looked at its underside. "I mean, boy," he said with a twinkle in his eye.
Turtle laughed out loud and I did, too. It felt good to forget about the danger and uncertainty around us  even if it was only for a minute or two.
Will handed me the pup and I felt a surge of emotion. The first thing I noticed was that it had one bright blue eye and one brown eye. The blue one was the same color as Will's. Then it bit into my finger with razor sharp teeth.
"Yee-ouch!" I yelped and both men laughed.
"A drunk tries to drag you through the bars of a jail cell and you don't make a peep, yet you squeal like a stuck hog when a puppy tries to make friends with you," Turtle joked.
"He likes you," Will said.
"Or he's hungry," Turtle tossed in.
It was like we were a real family  a man and his two sons teasing each other. I liked it even if it did make me miss Pa.
Ding-ding. Ding-ding.
We turned toward the sound. Miss Cordelia was ringing the dinner bell attached to the porch, a wide smile on her face.
"Guess that means it's time to eat," Turtle said. "If I were you," he told me, "I'd ask Jaw-Long for some help training your little fella. They can be a lot of work, especially a pup."
"I'll do that." I extended my hand to Turtle. "Thank you."
He looked pleased. "You're welcome."
"I'm not really hungry right now," I said. "I think I'm gonna spend some time getting acquainted with ..." I faltered, trying to think of what I wanted to name the puppy. "Blue," I said after a moment. "In honor of Will's blue eyes. Even though Blue only has one blue eye."
"Why, thank, you," Will said with a big grin. "My eyes are honored."
Will and Turtle went inside and I put the puppy down on the ground. He waddle-walked down the trail leading to the house. Suddenly a strange smell caught my nose. I looked down and saw Blue had grabbed a hold of the very thing I smelt when we got back to the corral.
I extricated the brown chunk from his mouth and saw it was a cigarette butt. I sniffed. It was the same smell as the smoke I smelled when me and Jaw-Long bumped into the outlaws on the hill.
I placed the protesting puppy back into its basket and loped to the house, my heart drumming against my chest. Turtle wasn't going to be happy that one of Spaulding's men had somehow breeched our security long enough to set foot onto the ranch.
"Turtle, can I talk to you?" I asked.
The table was set, but no one was seated yet. Will appeared in the doorway, a quizzical look on his face.
"Sure. What is it?" Turtle asked.
I held up the cigarette butt. "This is the same cigarette I smelled when me and Jaw-Long were on the hill that night. I found it between the bunkhouse and here."
Both men frowned, each for different reasons.
Miss Cordelia appeared then. "Is something wrong?" She spotted the cigarette butt in my hand. "Goodness. That must have come from the cowboy who was here earlier in the day. I didn't see him smoking, but he reeked of it when he came to the door."
"What did he want?" Turtle asked, tightness in his voice.
"He was looking for work. I said you weren't hiring and suggested he try the Comstock Mine."
"What'd he look like?"
She frowned. "Blondish hair. It went past his collar. Thin and quite polite."
"How old?"
"Twenties or thirties. Older than Will, but not as old as Phin or James."
I could almost read Will and Turtle's mind; it had to be Brady Spaulding. I couldn't believe how brazen he was.
"Did anyone else see him?"
"I don't think so. Jaw-Long and Sarge were taking care of an injured cow. Phin and James were patrolling near the Olsons' place." She paused to think. "And Will and Maxwell went to town to get a few things from the grocer and bring our laundry home."
Miss Cordelia was partial to the Chinese laundries in town. She said they got clothes cleaner than she ever could and they had very fair rates, though she always sent Jaw-Long to town to fetch her and Turtle's clothing because respectable ladies didn't set foot in a Chinese laundry.
"Why? Is something wrong?" she asked.
"Not that I know of," Turtle told Miss Cordelia with an easy shrug of his broad shoulders. I'm sure he didn't want to worry her with the identity of the cowboy.
Turtle took her hand and squeezed it in a rare display of affection. "Nothing's wrong. From now on, though, when someone comes to the door, don't open it unless one of us is here with you."
"I promise." She did look a bit frightened, though.
"Everything's fine," Turtle reassured her.
She looked at Will, who nodded; then at me, but I couldn't nod. Something in me made it almost impossible to lie.
I swallowed the dry lump of dread in my throat and headed for the door, my sense of foreboding telling me that something very bad indeed was about to happen, and I was most likely powerless to stop it.

Chapter 18
All Sorts of Troubles


Everyone at the CB was on edge, except maybe Jaw-Long and Blue. No matter what happened, Jaw-Long seemed to take everything in stride and Blue was too little to care. All the puppy wanted to do was eat and bite whoever was foolhardy enough to put a body part close to his mouth.
"Outlaws are becoming more brazen every day," Turtle would say when he returned home from town each day. He told tales of travelers being accosted and robbed in such brutal fashion I was truly shocked.
Even so, Miss Cordelia still occasionally asked me to deliver fresh baked goods to the jail for Turtle and whoever happened to be unlucky enough to find themselves in the jailhouse. She took pity on these men and the occasional female.
"These unfortunates are someone's father, brother, or son," she said when one or the other of us questioned her about spending her free time baking for souls she didn't know.
The first time she sent baked goods to town, Turtle told her that her kind sensibilities were being misplaced, but she ignored him and he never brought up the subject again.
Turtle probably would be the last one to say it out loud, but I knew it made him think even more kindly of Miss Cordelia.
As I set off for the jail one fine morning, I had no clue it was the beginning of a fateful day that would forever change me. I do remember how happy everyone looked when I headed to town because it's the only cheery memory of the day I have. The rest of the memories make me angry all over again if I think too hard about 'em.
On this particular day, Will stayed behind to keep his mother company. Jaw-Long went to the house with game blocks in his hands. Will was partial to games, so I'm sure Jaw-Long's aim was to teach them a game, while secretly making sure no harm came to either.
Ever since the night on the hill when we heard Brady calling for Will, Jaw-Long seemed to be especially considerate of Will and Miss Cordelia's needs, and I was purely glad.
"Jaw-Long and I are making chop suey for lunch," Miss Cordelia said with a twinkle in her eye. Which meant, don't dawdle  and don't eat too many of the doughnuts she had packed for the men in town.
"Just don't let Will make a pig of himself and eat it all before I get back," I teased.
Will rolled his eyes and made a face at me.
I took the package of baked goods and headed to town astride Hun. As usual, the road into Deadwood was fairly busy. I passed a half dozen wagons, and a dozen or so lone riders. I kept my eyes peeled for any sign of Brady or his men, but nothing sinister passed in front of, or around me.
A while back, Turtle told me that Deadwood reminded him of a big fat sausage link. The meat inside might be contained in the casing, but all it took was one little prick and the insides would come squirting out all over the place.
After hearing stories about the wild things that happened as a result of one seemingly insignificant event, I knew exactly what he meant. Now I couldn't ride into Deadwood without smiling as I pictured a big, fat sausage ready to burst.
I didn't see Turtle's horse tied in the front of the jail, or on the side either, which meant he was probably somewhere in Deadwood on official business.
I looped Hun's reins over a hitching post and went to the rear of the cluster of buildings. I don't know why, really. It was just a whim, or maybe it was just a case of my gut telling me what to do because I suddenly felt uneasy.
The only people I saw nearby were two middle-aged Chinamen walking away from the jailhouse toward the Chinatown section of Deadwood. One pushed a cart loaded with laundry while the other spoke to him. Other than those two, I didn't see another soul nearby.
I glanced up at a window near the roof of the jail that was too high to reach without standing on someone's shoulders. The roof was a story higher than that.
This day, for some reason, I couldn't take my eyes off the roof. To me, it looked like the easiest way out of jail, if you had help.
I placed the baked goods on the ground and looked around to see if anyone was taking an interest in what I was doin'. Then I went to the backside of the jail and grabbed hold of the siding.
Moccasins were on my feet, so I made almost no noise at all as I started climbing. However, if the inmates did hear anything, I doubted they would call attention to any noise. Some or all of 'em were probably hoping someone was coming soon to bust 'em out of jail.
Since the boards were mostly flat, I had to grip the edges with my fingertips. I made sure each time I let go of my right hand I had a good grip with my left.
I moved my left hand in tandem with my right foot, and right hand in tandem with my left foot. I was on top of the building in less than three seconds. A squirrel might have passed me in a race, but I didn't think much else would have.
It felt nice to get some use out of one of the skills Pa taught me. It almost felt like he was climbin' right alongside me.
Once I was on the roof, I hunkered down and made sure the soles of my moccasins didn't drag against the shingles as I skedaddled to the edge, near the window.
I had a wonderful view of the town and the hustle and bustle of its inhabitants closer to the center of town. I heard human and animal sounds along with the clang of a blacksmith smacking iron and forcing air out of a bellows. I also heard something else that made me put the other sounds to the back of my mind.
"In gold." It was Deputy Deetz's voice, I would recognize it anywhere. "One of Brady's men can slip it to me at the Eureka."
Even though I heard his brash words with my own ears, I still couldn't believe what I was hearing. But maybe it was only someone who sounded like the deputy.
I tested the edge of the roof to make sure it would hold me, then swung down so I was alongside the small narrow window, which was open a couple inches and held up with a chunk of wood. Luckily I was still out of sight of the inmates and whoever was speaking about gold.
When I eased myself down, I found I was about a foot too far away. I had strong arms, but my hands were supporting all my weight and only my fingertips were making contact with the roof.
I took a deep breath and moved my left hand a few inches, followed by my right. It took three separate moves, but I got where I wanted to be. The shingles had a greasy feel to them I didn't expect. It was like trying to keep a hold of a melting icicle.
I swung my gaze to the inside of the jail cell and found myself looking right at Deputy Deetz. He was standing face to face with Bobby Spaulding.
And they were making a deal!
The fingers of my left hand slowly started sliding toward me, away from the roof. If I grabbed for the window sill, I would give myself away. If I released both hands, I might be able to keep my balance, and land upright on a pile of boards and garbage below. But that would give me away, too.
The only thing I could do was use my strength from working on the ranch to swing my legs, and then my body, back up onto the roof. I twisted my back and began to lift my legs.
"Hey, you!"
I don't know if Deputy Deetz caught sight of me because I made a noise, or if he just happened to look up, but he did. The two words spurred me into action. Then gravity took over. My fingertips lost their tenuous hold on the edge of the roof as I twisted my body.
Crsssshhhh! The thick glass of the high window blasted both inside and outside of the jail, some of it spraying me as I dropped from the edge of the roof.
Deetz tried to shoot me! On the way down, I heard the simultaneous yells of at least two inmates and a loud curse. I twisted like a cat to try to keep my balance.
Unfortunately I didn't have the spine or flexing ability of a cat and couldn't swivel my hips fast enough to enable me to land on my feet.
Ka-bang-ang! I hit the jagged pile of lumber nearly flat on my back. A searing pain tore through my lower back. I hoped I didn't break it.
The glass from the window that didn't fall alongside me, rained down on me a split second later, the same time the bottom of the pile collapsed.
Knowing Deputy Deetz was most likely already heading out the front door of the jail, I rolled toward the bottom of the pile, landing on my feet.
"Hun!" I yelled. I'd been working with him to get him to fetch me when I called, but his response was still hit and miss, I'm sorry to admit.
As I started toward him, my back felt like it was fire. Probably tore something, but at least it wasn't broken. I knew I was running straight into danger, but Hun was my only chance to make a clean getaway.
I thanked my lucky stars when I heard and saw him headed my way in a dead gallop. I readied myself to swing onto his back on his way past. We'd practiced this part with much success, so I was fairly confident everything was gonna work out all right.
Moving slightly to his side, I simultaneously grabbed the reins and whipped my right leg up and over his back when he got alongside me.
"Ah-owww!" I couldn't keep the howl of pain inside as I leaped up. My back hurt something awful.
As we headed down the alley, I tore my thoughts away from my back and focused on the sounds I could hear in between Hun's hooves hitting the packed earth.
First I heard the sound of something solid hitting wood. Then the unmistakable click of a pistol hammer.
I was about to get shot. And I really didn't think there was a blamed thing I could do about it this time.
But not if I wasn't a target. I grabbed a handful of Hun's mane and swung over his side, my feet hitting the ground the same instant I heard the zing of a bullet a little above me. The bullet would have hit me in the middle of my back, had I not moved.
"Get back here, you little devil!" Deetz yelled.
As I bounced off the ground, I swung my left leg up and over the saddle and regained my seat. I was out of Deputy Deetz's sight a moment later, mentally cursing him and my injured back.
As me and Hun raced down the alley, I heard Deetz fire a few more wild shots and hoped he wouldn't hurt someone else while he was trying to get me.
I leaned right and we raced out onto a side street. I had no idea where to find Turtle, but it was imperative that I got to him as quickly as I could. The stakes were even higher for Deetz. He needed to kill me, because if he didn't, all sorts of problems would follow.
I frantically searched the roads as we raced up a street that I knew led to the cemetery. If nothing else, I would have a better view so I could spot Turtle. I'd also be able to get a bead on Deetz.
"Blazes," I muttered when we reached the highest point of the road. I was out of breath and I wasn't even the one doing the work. I was just holding on.
The face of the hill was so steep a goat would've had trouble traversing it, so I didn't blame Hun one bit for tossing his head as if to say, "Why are you making me go up here?!"
I maneuvered us behind a stand of half-dead pine trees and gingerly hopped out of my saddle, Hun's sides still heaving as he struggled to catch his breath. I wiped a palm across my back and brought it in front of me. At least I wasn't bleeding.
Below us, Main Street looked like business as usual. I didn't see Turtle. But I didn't see Deetz, either.
I closed my eyes and focused on listening. I heard the usual sounds of wagons intermingled with the sounds of lone horses. But they were trotting  their natural gait  not galloping, as if in pursuit.
I followed an almost overwhelming urge to touch the necklace Hinto had given me. I pulled it from my shirt and held it in my sweat-damp hand. The stones had a soothing feel as I ran my thumb over them.
Then, just as sudden as you please, a thought popped into my head. I thought of Pa, lying in the earth behind me, and I pictured a fresh grave right next to him.
Any other time, I would have called it disturbing. This time it felt like a warning. Since my senses were already strung tight, I gave my current situation a bit more thought.
And then it hit me like a bullet between the eyes: What if Deetz wasn't after me? What if Deetz knew where Turtle was and was on his way to kill him?

Chapter 19
The Plan


"Whatcha doin', boy?" a female voice called to me.
It caught me totally unawares. I spun around, hand on my pistol grip, my glance seeking the speaker. I didn't like being caught off guard, especially at a time like this.
The voice belonged to a female dressed in cowboy attire. She wore a hat over long hair and was sitting on a headstone, chawing on a crab apple. She was purtier than average, but moved around in a manner that said she didn't know she was.
"You're the jailer's son," she said in a matter-of-fact voice.
"I guess that's what some have been callin' me. Who're you?"
She hopped off the stone and sauntered over to me. "Name's Belle." I saw she was wearing a holster with two pistols, too. Both had short barrels because they fit low in her holster, like a lawman's would. The grips were quite worn like she used 'em quite a bit. I was intrigued.
"What're you doin'?" she repeated.
"Trying to keep Deputy Deetz from puttin' a bullet in me. I overheard him making plans to break Brady Spaulding's brother out of jail."
"And just how'd that come about?" she asked.
"I was on the roof of the jail and heard him clear as a bell. When I tried to get down, he musta heard me 'cause he took a shot at me. I didn't stick around."
She sucked her teeth and got close enough to give Hun's neck a pat. He moved his head up and down, as if to say howdy, but didn't protest like he usually did when a stranger handled him.
"He's gonna have ta kill ya."
I nodded. "I know. But I got to thinkin' that if he can't find me, he's gonna have to hunt down the sheriff."
She mulled my words for a moment. "That's a possibility."
I swung into my saddle. "Have you seen the sheriff lately?" I asked.
She rubbed her nose with her knuckles. "I don't much care for your pa, but Deetz makes him look like an angel. If I tell you where the sheriff is, you gotta promise to get rid of the deputy one way or t'other."
"You have my word."
"You ever kill a man?" she asked.
I met her direct gaze with one of my own. "Yes, ma'am, I have."
Her eyes widened just a bit, but she must've believed me. "Your pa's most likely in Chinatown. I left not ten minutes ago. Didn't want to get caught between bullwhackers. Them's nasty men."
I didn't bother correcting her about the fact that the sheriff was my uncle and not my pa, because it didn't really matter. With no small amount of pain, I slid atop Hun. Chinatown was in the middle of town. I could get there in a few minutes if I didn't run face-first into some other sort of trouble.
But as I gave Hun a little nudge, I couldn't help but wonder if it would be too late.


I'm sure Hun sensed my urgency because he gave the run down the hills his all, air heaving in and out of his lungs as he picked his way down steep road after steep road. I had to lean way back in the saddle to stay astride; I can only imagine how difficult it was for Hun to keep his footing.
When we reached Main Street, I dug my heels in. Even if I couldn't see the future, I knew I didn't have a second to waste.
The closer I got to Chinatown, the more Chinamen I saw. I wasn't sure what the bullwhackers were doing there, or even why they chose that spot to have a dispute but I did hope a large presence would keep Deetz from shooting Turtle the moment Deetz found him.
Suddenly Ma's warnings about desperate men being inclined to do desperate things came to mind.
Deputy Deetz had to be feeling a little desperate with me on the loose. And I was feeling desperate because I was running out of time and was up against a grown man with absolutely no scruples.
I swiveled my head in every direction while trying to hear anything out of the ordinary. I didn't hear anything that struck me as peculiar, but I did see a tight gathering in the middle of the street a half-block ahead.
A cloud of light dust put a haze over the group, making it difficult to see people's faces. A number of horses and cattle milled about at the outskirts, too. Some of the horses had riders; some didn't.
To add to the confusion, most of those gathered wore hats. The white men wore cowboy, bowler, or felt hats while the Chinamen wore their round, flat hats. A few women had come to the fringe of the group, too, but at least I didn't see any children.
The thought of women around made me feel a little better. What man would shoot another man in cold blood in front of a woman?
Knowing I would draw attention to myself if I raced into the middle of the fray, I leaped off Hun's back and started walking at a fast pace. It was times like these I wished I would hurry up and grow so I could see over the tops of people's heads.
I saw the sheriff through a gap in the crowd. I almost sighed with relief until I spotted Deputy Deetz coming at him from another direction. It might've been dusty, and I might not have been face to face with him, but I saw his clenched jaw and stiff posture.
He was gonna do something. Or die trying.
My first instinct was to yell a warning. That would have been the logical thing to do, and the easiest. But what I had to say was more than a simple, "Watch out for your deputy! He's fixin' to kill you!"
Turtle might take me at my word and try to avoid getting shot, but it was such an absurd thing to say that he would probably want an explanation to go along with it before he acted.
The deputy slowed down all of a sudden, probably assessing his options. He turned his head to take in the area. As he glanced in my direction, I ducked behind a gambler.
How do I know he was a gambler? Gamblers are keen observers. At least they are if they're any good. He felt me make a sudden move behind him and spun around to see what was transpiring. I took him by surprise; when he turned around, a card slid out of his sleeve.
"Mister, you dropped this," I said, picking up the ace of spades just as innocent as you please, and handing it to him.
The slick man's mouth opened, but he couldn't seem to articulate. Even if he couldn't talk, I was happy as could be he was facing me. All Deetz would be able to see was an older man chatting with a smaller man. There was no reason for him to think the gambler was talking to a desperate boy.
"This, too," I said, handing the gambler a lucky coin I found in the dirt on the way to town a few days ago. Sarge told me that when you found a coin, that made it lucky. This would be the luckiest coin on the face of the earth if it prevented Deetz from finding me before I could stop him from shooting Turtle.
The gambler raised an eyebrow at his good fortune, then clamped the card and coin into his palm before turning back to take in the unfolding drama in the middle of the street.
I moved as quickly and discreetly as I could to where the sheriff was trying to calm a new flare-up between the two bullwhackers.
Turtle was scrutinizing the immediate area for signs of more trouble, but he wasn't taking in enough area.
Deputy Deetz had hidden himself behind a tall, oblivious Chinaman. The others around them were quickly moving away. They seemed to know who Deetz was and didn't like him any better than I did.
The only man who didn't move was the man Deetz was standing behind. He seemed mesmerized by the bullwhackers' drama.
Then, like a bolt out of the blue, I knew what Deetz was gonna do. He was going to shoot the sheriff and blame the Chinaman.
It was as clever as it was diabolical and I was determined that it wasn't going to happen. I just didn't know how, not without hurting an innocent bystander.
I worked my way around Turtle until I was directly behind him, a few yards away.
"Hey!" a man yelled, shoving me to the side. When he saw I was a boy, his anger lessened to irritation. He musta thought I was a man. It gave me an idea.
I kept my eye on Deetz, even though I would've rather watched Turtle do his job.
"I'm not warning you again, Peterson!" Turtle's voice boomed over the murmur of the crowd. "Drop the whip."
I took my eyes off Deetz long enough to see that one of the bullwhackers had a whip in his hand, the biggest whip I'd ever seen. He held it in a threatening manner.
The other whacker had strips of cloth missing from his jacket, but at least he didn't have a bloodied face like the man holding the whip.
Two teams of oxen milled about on the opposite side of the street, restrained somewhat by crowd members. I saw the whip-less man spit out a tooth before I turned my full attention back to Deetz.
He was about to make his move, I was sure of it. Luckily, he was intent on only one thing: Sheriff Beck. I doubt he even gave me another thought once he had Turtle in his sights.
"I'm not gonna tell you again!" Turtle yelled to the bullwhacker, moving his hand toward his gun.
The crowd hurriedly backed away, everyone but Deetz, who was grabbing hold of the tall Chinaman with his left hand and raising his gun with his right hand.
This was the moment I had been waiting for. Turtle was focused on trying to get the angry bullwhackers under control.
I gauged my distance from the swing of Deetz's hand. I wasn't going to make it in time. I only had one chance.
"Turtle! Straight ahead!" I yelled as loud as I could.
I should've guessed the sound of my voice would be a distraction, but I didn't.
I dove in front of Turtle, while simultaneously bringing my own Colt out of my holster and aiming it at Deetz. While there was nothing I would have liked better than to shoot him dead, there was a part of me that just couldn't do it.
The sight of me, a boy, in his line of fire, seemed to cause Deetz to hesitate. It surprised me that he did because it surely didn't cause him any pause at the jailhouse. But he did, and I was ready.
Hwhoo! That was the sound of my cloth-covered arm slicing through the air toward the deputy. Then hhh. No one else probably heard that but me because it was a sound I knew well. It was the sound of my finger caressing the hammer the moment before I twitched it back.
Cuhlick. That was the sharp sound of the hammer moving back. I heard the metallic click of Deetz's pistol, too. Incredibly, it came after mine.
I was aware of Turtle reaching for his gun, though he wouldn't be able to fire a clear shot. The bullet left the chamber of my Colt with a sizzle and a loud metallic bang that never failed to amaze me at its intensity and loudness.
My eyes, of course, weren't fast enough to track the bullet, but I knew exactly where it was headed. I made sure I wouldn't hit the innocent Chinaman. I only hoped I would hit Deetz in a place that would severely hamper his firing ability.
If the bullet went where I aimed, his shoulder joint would be permanently disabled. Perhaps he would die of gangrene at a later date, but the way I saw it, he had it coming.
A split second later, the bullet hit Deetz square in the shoulder, exactly where I hoped it would. I saw the bullet make a hole in his oiled canvas jacket, the look of surprise on his face, and then his hand jerk open. His pistol headed for the dirt while the bullet meant for Turtle whizzed straight toward us.
I heard its tszing-ing passage through the air and a dull buh as it made contact with something solid and fleshy. I heard my uncle's oomph of surprise and pain as I hit the dirt, intensifying the pain I already felt in my back. I spun my face toward him, though I kept my revolver pointed in Deetz's direction.
Turtle's gun hand slowly lowered while he continued to stand, facing Deetz, with a confounded look on his face.
Through the hollers of humans and protests of animals, I struggled to figure out what was happening, and what would happen next.
The front of Turtle's jacket began to weep red near his neck and I said a silent prayer that he would not leave me the same way Pa had. He remained facing forward, but his eyeballs suddenly shifted.
I whipped my head toward Deetz. The irascible deputy had landed on his knees and was struggling to reach his gun in the dirt a few feet in front of him. The bastard was going to try to finish us off!
First of all, I was surprised by the deputy's tenacity. Secondly, I was shocked by the accuracy of his aim, despite my efforts to get the bullet to miss Turtle completely.
Deetz faced us, pure hatred twisting his face, his pistol in his good hand.
I only had one thought in my head: I would gladly die than let a man like Deetz live.

Chapter 20
Too Late


My uncle must've had the same thought because, before I could squeeze off a shot, Turtle fired. Both guns.
"Holy Moses!" I said, blinking in surprise as Deetz dropped like a rock, face-first in the road. His body made a puff of dust, which quickly settled over him. I removed my finger from the trigger of my Colt and looked up at my uncle.
"You all right, son?" he asked. This time he sounded so much like Pa that I had to swallow the sudden lump in my throat. I nodded.
"What about you?" I asked.
Somehow, 'til that moment, he had kept himself upright. Suddenly he sank to his knees and tried to look at his wound, even though it was too high up for him to see. I was vaguely aware of the crowd racing away  even the bullwhackers and their teams of oxen.
"Sheriff's been shot! Fetch the doc!" someone yelled.
I scrambled around to the back of my uncle to see if the bullet was still inside.
"Went through," I said.
"Good," he said in a thin voice.
"Don't look like it hit anything vital." The wound appeared to be high above the heart and lungs, just below the shoulder bone.
He nodded. "Doesn't feel like it, either. Bad thing is I'm not gonna be much use like this." He glanced toward Deetz. "Why'd he wanna shoot me?"
"I heard him making a deal with Bobby Spaulding to bust him outta jail."
"Right in front of you?" he asked. His face registered shock, like I said I'd been on a picnic with Santa Claus and all his reindeer.
"Not exactly. I came to the jail to drop off some baked goods. I didn't see your horse, so I went around to the back of the building on a whim. I've been thinking some about jail-breaking, and how to stop at least some of it. I heard Deetz and Spaulding through the window. And I saw 'em."
"The window by the roof?"
I nodded.
He grinned. "You're just like your pa when he was your age. He always seemed to end up in the middle of things, good or bad."
"I am?" I was thrilled he was talking about Pa in a friendly tone.
"Sure are. I knew it the second you shot the two Spauldings off their horses." He winced. "Get Deetz's pocket watch."
I went to the dead man and took it out of his pocket and brought it back to the sheriff.
"No. It's yours."
I didn't want it, but he looked determined that I should take it. I knew exactly what I was gonna do with it, but I didn't want to ask Turtle now. I put it in my pocket, but it being so big, it felt thoroughly out of place. I supposed I'd get used to it, at least 'til I gave it away.
I heard the shuffle of soft-shod feet and looked up to see a few of the Chinese folks that had been watching the fray come and strip the deputy of his boots, hat, and such.
Turtle let out a long, steadying breath.
"You better lay down," I suggested.
"Can't," he said, trying to get to his feet. "If Brady Spaulding made a deal to get his brother out of jail, it means he's about to make his move." He paused. "If he hasn't already." He got partway to his feet, then went back down on one knee.
I put my hand on his good shoulder. "You need to keep still."
"Don't worry about me. Just keep Cordelia safe." He paused for a breath. "Promise me you won't go chasing after him. No matter what."
"I promise."
That seemed to ease his mind. He nodded and I took off on a run back to where Hun waited, though something deep inside my back ached something fierce.
"Hee-yah!" I yelled once I was on top of Hun and headed for home.
As we raced back to the ranch, an ever-increasing sense of dread filled me, though the worst should have been over with. Oddly, Miss Cordelia wasn't foremost in my mind. Instead, I had a picture of Will in my arms, dying, and a voice inside my head whispering, Too late. Too late.


I was as breathless as Hun when he galloped through the big arch in front of the CB. The hair on my arms and neck was even standing on end, despite the fact that everything looked the same as it did when I'd left.
Pa used to say that outward appearances can be deceiving. I remembered those words seconds later when I spotted Blue running around in circles in front of the bunkhouse. No one else was around.
I dismounted and, when my feet hit the ground, a jolt of pain shot from my back to my neck, but I barely felt it. I was focused on something that could have come straight out of a dream, a bad dream.
Will was sitting, leaned up against the side of the bunkhouse, looking straight out, dead ahead. What I could see of his face was a mess; bloated, blue, and crusted in blood.
My knees almost buckled from the shock of it. It was all I could do to keep standing and walking toward him.
As I closed the gap between us, all I could think about was Pa's words about an older brother dying in my arms. I wanted to curse my birth mother for seeing such a vile thing.
"Will?" My question came out as a breathless whisper. I think I spoke aloud mostly to see if what I was looking at was real or a dream. I didn't really expect him to answer.
Then a miracle happened. He turned slightly toward me.
"Will!" I knelt at his side and Blue immediately began trying to scramble into my arms.
"Took Mother," Will whispered in a hoarse voice.
I scooped up Blue, more to calm myself, than anything else.
"Where?"
"North. Shot Sarge and Phin. James went after him." He paused to take a few shallow breaths. "Jaw-Long inside."
I put Blue back on the ground. "I swear he's gonna pay for what he did to you."
He fumbled around for my hand and squeezed it weakly.
"Turtle'll take care of him." He paused and took a raspy breath. "Find Mother."
"Turtle's been shot, too."
Will's one partially-functioning eye widened a bit.
"He's gonna be all right," I assured him.
Will moaned. "Who shot him?"
"Deputy Deetz. He's dead now."
Jaw-Long came out of the bunkhouse. Dark brown stains I recognized as blood were smeared down the front of his coat.
"The sheriff's been shot, but he's gonna be all right. What about Sarge and Phin?" I asked him.
"I feex."
That was all I needed to hear. "I'm going after Brady."
After Jaw-Long checked Will's face, he lifted the hem of his coat and untied the rope that held his hira-shurikens.
"You take," he said, handing me the rope.
As far as I was concerned, the gesture was as good as giving me permission to go after Brady Spaulding.
"Thanks, Jaw-Long." I tried to bow a little like he was doin', but it sent a sharp pain through my lower back.
He must've caught my wince because he went around to my back, prodded above my belt until I grumbled a little, then forced my shoulders forward until I was bent completely over. He went to my side and brought his knee up while quickly and sharply delivering a chop to my back, low down on my spine.
Crrk. It was hard to believe the sharp noise came from my back, but it did.
"Yow, Jaw-Long!" I complained, straightening. But I noticed the pain had diminished considerably. Before I could say thanks, he was slipping the rope around my waist and tying it so it wouldn't come undone.
"Haff owah gohn," he said, pointing north. "Go."
A half hour lead wasn't too considerable. I was confident I could make up the time before sunset.
I thought of Patience and the Olsons then, maybe because they were north of the ranch, but most likely because it was hard to keep Patience out of my mind for any length of time.
"I know you're frightful busy," I told Jaw-Long, "but could you check on the Olsons somehow?"
He knew I meant Patience in particular. He nodded then disappeared back into the bunkhouse, presumably to attend to Sarge and Phin.
A half hour lead meant Brady and his men must have seen me leave and made their move shortly after. "How many?" I asked Will.
"Him and Mother," Will answered, weakly lifting two of his fingers as he spoke.
"I surely am glad you're in one piece, Will," I said, choking up despite my best efforts to keep my emotions in check.
Then I led Hun to the trough. Once we drank our fill and I replenished my canteen, I hopped astride.
I headed north, with thoughts of Miss Cordelia and a man I'd never seen up close filling my head.

Chapter 21
Desperate


Once we were on the road, I forced my brain to think like a desperate man.
Brady Spaulding took Miss Cordelia as his hostage so he could get what he wanted most: his jailed brother's freedom. I was also certain he thought he'd be able to somehow kill Turtle in the process.
I doubted he would hurt Miss Cordelia before he achieved one or both of his objectives. But if he thought he wouldn't see Bobby again, or if he thought someone was double-crossing him, he would kill her.
As far as I could tell, he didn't really have much to lose. He was gonna hang if he hurt Miss Cordelia, and hang if he didn't.
I had to either get ahead of him and catch him unawares in a place where he couldn't get away from me, or wait until he was stopped and ferret Miss Cordelia away from him. I didn't know exactly how any of it was gonna work yet, but I was fairly certain I'd be able to figure it out when the time came.
The trouble with picturing things is they rarely, if ever, turn out the way you think they will.
As I rode, I kept my glance ever-moving. I couldn't afford to become complacent.
There were only a couple of roads leading north and I knew that no matter which one Brady took, he would only be able to get so far with Miss Cordelia in tow.
While I had her in my mind, I saw a strip of cloth on the ground. It was the same dark green-gingham pattern Miss Cordelia had been wearing when I set off for town.
I felt a surge of hope, but prayed she had sense enough to be sly about what she was doing so Brady wouldn't catch her and beat her like he did Will.
My glance moved ahead. I didn't know the area well, having only been this way once with Phin and James to fetch a chest from a furniture maker.
Thinking about James made me wonder why I hadn't caught up to him yet. Will said he went after Brady. Either James was still ahead of me, or he got mixed up and went in a different direction. He couldn't seem to find a sick calf unless we led him straight to it, so I'm guessing he was probably on the other side of Deadwood by now.
On the other hand, Brady had been under, over, and through this entire area the past two months. He knew it like the back of his hand, so it was imperative that I catch sight of him and Miss Cordelia as quick as I could.
If it took me too long, Brady would have time to think of other options for accomplishing his goals.
"Whoa, boy," I said, reining up. Hun caught his breath while I surveyed the hills and trees. I turned in my saddle. The road was empty behind me so felt confident that none of Brady's men were trying to join up with him.
I stood in my stirrups to stretch my legs and take in the area. I should have been plumb tuckered out, but I guess I was too excited to give in to physical weariness just yet.
After rubbing Hun's neck, I even managed a grin when I thought about how Jaw-Long fixed my back by giving it a good whack. That man did some strange things, but every one of them worked like a miracle.
The wind whispered through a crown of pine tree tops to my left. I heard the distant sound of gunfire a little behind me  probably someone doing some hunting  but nothing else except a trio of big birds that landed nearby to take a closer look at me. Thankfully, the ugly turkey vulture wasn't one of 'em. One of the birds, a hawk, suddenly took to the air. It swooped to the edge of the road and picked something out of the trampled grass.
Another strip of Miss Cordelia's dress!
I shifted my gaze ahead to where the road went steep and then veered off sharply to the right where I knew a small lake to be.
My eyes caught a flash of green that almost instantly disappeared. Miss Cordelia! Then I saw another rider through the trees. Even though I couldn't see his face, I knew it was Brady Spaulding.
I heard my stomach growl and figured that's why he had stopped. Here he could safely water their mounts and fill his belly. If he was smart, he'd do some backtracking to muddle his trail. I would have to hang back for a spell until he was finished. Then I'd move in.
I dismounted and led Hun through a thin stand of brush to a tiny trickle of a stream that fed the lake. Once he was sated and I had my fill, we kept to the edge of the road along the trees so, if Brady did happen to look back, we would be hard to spot.
When I reached the bend in the road, I saw another strip of Miss Cordelia's dress. It was bigger than the others. It looked to me like she was trying to tell me this was where they would be stopping.
Below me in the dirt were two sets of hoof prints, both freshly made. I followed them. They were close together, then a few feet apart, then close together again.
That usually meant that two strange horses were trying to run in tandem. They got close, skittered apart, then were brought close again by one of their riders.
"Quiet," I told Hun in a hushed voice. I backed him up and we kept to the tall brush. The only sounds I could hear were animal noises. I heard a distant, but wild whinny, too. It set my teeth on edge.
Suddenly something didn't feel right. It was just too blamed quiet. You woulda thought Miss Cordelia would raise a ruckus every now and again. But maybe he was giving her a beating like he gave Will.
The hair on the back of my neck stood up at the thought. I gave the sheriff my word I wouldn't go after Brady, but I rationalized it by telling myself I was really was going after Miss Cordelia.
But what if my coming after her put her in even more danger? I could never forgive myself if something bad happened to her.
I hopped onto Hun's back and gently nudged his ribs with the heels of my moccasins.
Lord, it was quiet. I wished I was an owl man so I could swivel my head in every direction, because all of a sudden I felt as vulnerable as a tadpole in a trout pond.
I heard whinnying again. Two horses this time, and they sounded closer than I thought they should, so I followed my cautious sensibilities and reined up.
A muffled yell made me and Hun flinch at the same time. It was a woman's, and it sounded like her mouth was getting stuffed with something.
The thought of Spaulding being rough with Miss Cordelia made me want to charge ahead and shoot his legs out from under him. But that would've been just plain foolhardy.
I heard a click and instinctively leaped out of my saddle. I felt the singe of a bullet alongside the back of my skull almost in tandem with the pop of the bullet leaving the weapon's chamber.
I'd been hit! I landed on the ground with a thump and rolled as fast as I could to a chunk of rock. I felt Deetz's gold watch in my pocket each time I rolled over onto my stomach and wished I'd given it to Will when I was at the CB. If I wasn't careful, I'd ruin it before I could hand it to him. I also felt the hira-shurikens but, being flat, they weren't a bother.
Thwack. Piong. Pong. Crrk. Four more shots rang out as Brady tried to finish me off. All of them hit the low chunk of stone very near to where my head would have been. I sure wished I'd had the sense to take out at least one gun as I was sailing through the air. I could've got in a shot or two.
I guess it was just one of those mistakes I hoped I'd get a chance to learn from.
In the meantime, I slyly felt the back of my head to see how much damage the bullet had done.
"Gotcha, didn't I?!" a male voice crowed from a not too distant point.
He knew he did without having to ask. The bullet had skinned some meat off my skull, but that was the extent of it as far as I could tell. I was glad it was blood and not brains, but the hole was weeping a fair amount of blood. I felt it running down my neck and into my collar.
I heard Miss Cordelia try to scream again and peeked out from the side of the rock. Brady stood alongside her, his back to a dead pine. He had her head yanked back and his gun jammed up against her temple. I heard her whimper and it set my blood to boiling.
"You got exactly ten seconds to come out with your hands up or I'm gonna blow your momma's brains out."
"Hun," I whispered so only he could hear me, while trying to put Miss Cordelia's strangled cries out of my mind.
"One. Two. Three. Four."
Hun came to me, stopping about six feet away. He bobbed his head up and down a couple of times, as if to say, "Hurry up!"
"Five. Six. Seven."
Though space was tight, I untied the hira-shurikens Jaw-Long had entrusted to me and placed three of 'em in my palm. I'd have to use every bit of strength in my wrist to make up for my limited arm movement.
"Eight."
I blocked everything out of my mind except where I remembered him standing and how far it was to my target. But first  a distraction.
"Nine."
I snapped a small rock into the brush about ten feet away from me.
Shcuff! That was the sound of Brady grinding the toes of his boots as he spun to locate the source of the sound. The moment I heard the noise, I lifted my head just enough to confirm my target, then snapped three hira-shurikens at the tree.
When I heard the chuh chuh chuh of impact, I knew Brady would turn his head, if only for a second.
I leaped toward Hun, grabbing his mane with one hand and a stirrup with the other. At the same time I brought my legs parallel with his body and held them there. Hun huffed, but didn't move. It took every bit of strength I had to keep my legs from succumbing to gravity. I silently thanked Hinto for showing me this very trick on the way to Deadwood.
Brady cursed. "Get out here, you little pup! I'm not gonna tell you again."
"Right." I whispered to Hun and lightly banged my head against his side. "Go!"
He bolted toward Brady and Miss Cordelia. Each jolt of Hun's hooves felt like a searing flame through my arm that was using the stirrup as support for my whole body. The handful of mane I was clutching with my right hand did take a little weight off my stirrup hand, but not as much as I'd hoped. I'd only be able to hold on another two or three seconds at the most.
I imagined Brady looking at the oncoming horse that appeared to have no rider, while waiting for me to rise up from behind the rock.
He couldn't keep the gun at Cordelia's head and fire at me at the same time, so I hoped the distraction would make him bring his gun away from her so I could get a clean shot at him.
Two seconds later, and about thirty feet from where I estimated he was standing, I released Hun's stirrup and mane, giving myself a little push into the air as I did so.
Mid-air, I grabbed both Colts and landed on the balls of my feet, both barrels aimed where Brady was standing. Only he was gone.
I spun around, keeping both Colts in front me. I saw Miss Cordelia frantically nodding her head to her side and saw Brady was alongside his horse, holding a rifle and swinging it toward me while leveling his pistol at Miss Cordelia's head.
I heard the click of the pistol hammer. Miss Cordelia was as good as dead if I didn't kill him.
I fired twice, once from each Colt. Brady pitched backwards, hitting the ground like a sack of flour. His rifle flew out in front of him. His pistol and his hat landed a couple feet from his outstretched hand.
Hun came to a skidding stop near the other horses. I ran up to Brady and prodded his body with my toe like I'd seen Turtle do, to make sure he wasn't gonna get up.
Then I went to Miss Cordelia. I untied the handkerchief that filled her mouth and the rope that bound her hands.
She pulled me into her arms and sobbed silently as she kissed my cheek. I guess she had probably thought she wasn't gonna make it. I'd had my doubts a few times, too.
Miss Cordelia didn't say a word when she turned to take a gander at Brady. He had a hole at the top of his chest and one below his collar bone. I guess I lost my focus and squeezed off a wild shot with the good one.
"Let's go home," she said.
I was more than happy to oblige.

Epilogue


Things got back to normal in a hurry after me and Miss Cordelia returned to the CB. Jaw-Long pursed his lips in annoyance when he found out that I'd left three of his prize hira-shurikens stuck in a tree a half day's ride away.
Even more humorous to me was the fact that James kept grumbling, to anyone who would stand still for two seconds, that he would've made damn sure Brady was dead if he'd been the one to find him first.
Guess maybe I didn't kill Brady after all. I've seen dead men before, and Brady looked dead as a door nail when I put those two bullets in him. Yet when a posse went to gather his body, it was gone, along with his horse.
Didn't make a speck of sense, but Turtle said not to worry about it. If Brady wasn't lying at the bottom of that lake, he was probably in Mexico by now. And if he was alive by some miracle, he'd need to lie low for a while so he could heal. If and when he came back to Deadwood, we'd be ready for him.
Will was beyond thrilled with the gold watch I gave him. Before I handed it to him, I asked Turtle if it would be all right with him. He just grinned and patted me on the back. Turtle was starting to warm up to Will, and I was glad.
I told Will as awful as he was at finding gold, the watch might be as close as he ever came to holding it in his hand. He just grinned and socked me in the shoulder.
Ray, the former sheriff, heard about me looking after the inmates the day I gave Herrold and Bobby a little taste of their own medicine. Ray said I was but a "snot-nosed little shaver" that had no business being in charge of something as important as the jail, and said he was gonna run against Turtle when it came time for the election.
Turtle took the blowhard's bellyaching in his stride. He just shrugged. I heard him tell Sarge that he had everything he ever wanted on the CB and didn't need to be sheriff again, anyhow.
On occasion, I thought about my birth mother's prediction about my older brother dying in my arms, but I put it straight to the back of my mind. No sense worrying about something 'til it happened, if in fact, it ever did.
"Hey, jailer's son," Patience started greeting me in a singsong voice. I still got a thrill every time I saw her, and she seemed to get a thrill out of teasing me until I turned red. I secretly hoped my birth mother got that part of my future right.
Blue got bigger with each passing day. I was happy the sheriff had thought to give him to me, even though Blue never would be as good a herding dog as Dog had been. Still, a man could never have enough friends.
The sheriff made sure Will not only got out of trouble for being a part of the Spaulding gang, but he made him a hero, too, for protecting his mother and the CB.
My uncle seemed a bit looser after the gun battle in town. He smiled more often and seemed more accepting of everyone  and even his own mistakes.
Once, he took me aside and told me he was glad I found him. He said he hoped I would stay, but had a feeling in his gut that I was born for things other than taking care of his cattle.
Then he told me that God gave me my talents for a reason  not just to help him and Deadwood. He said that, if and when I was called away to use my talents, he would be honored to be of assistance. I never felt closer to him than I did at that moment.
Miss Cordelia must've caught wind of what he was gonna say to me because she took me aside a bit later.
"You have a gift," she said. "But never forget that, by some measure, you're still alive because the lawless men of our time are not entirely godless. In a different time and place, I fear you'd be pushing up daisies."
She didn't mention Brady Spaulding and Deputy Deetz by name, but they both had tried their darndest to end my life. I don't know if Miss Cordelia thought they were godless, but they both knew I was a boy and not a full-growed man.
I nodded and she brought me close to her heart as my own mother would have.
"I know I will never replace your mother, Maxwell, but I hope you come to think of me as such," she said.
I surely did and hugged her back to show her that I did.
I rode to where Ma  my second ma  was buried a couple weeks after I shot Brady. I wanted to erect a nice marker there before the weather turned sour. The last thing I wanted was to get caught in one of those legendary plain storms I kept hearing about.
Turtle said there was no hurry to come back. He and the others would manage just fine without me, so I camped near her grave overnight and I talked to her when I wasn't hunting or sleeping.
I swear I heard her whisper in my ear once, "Mon coeur, I am so very proud of you."
On my way home, I passed a lone hill. A horse and rider stood on the pinnacle. The way the man sat on the horse's back reminded me of Hinto.
I reached inside my shirt and clasped the necklace he had given me. I lifted it well away from my coat in case the stranger could see that far.
The rider raised his hand in a familiar greeting. I raised my other hand and replaced the gift between my heart and my shirt and said a silent thank you to the man who had guided me to my destiny.
I watched the rider disappear behind the hill. Then I continued on to Deadwood.
Home...
...To my third ma and second pa, where I would find out in short order that Turtle's second wife had been Jenny, my second ma.
I learned that Pa had convinced her to run away with him, away from a life with Turtle as a ranch wife. That explained why Turtle hadn't been all that happy to see Pa when we rode into Deadwood.
But the most shocking news was the affirmation from Turtle that my vulture-loving grandpa was most likely already on his way to find me and claim me for his own.
Turtle said every trouble in my life so far was nothing compared to what George would conjure up for me, given the chance.
A shiver of some odd emotion quivered up my spine when I heard that, but I quickly put my evil grandpa out of my mind when Turtle grinned and put his arm across my shoulder.
"I wouldn't lose any sleep over him, Max," he said. "After all, you're the jailer's son."


The End


Thank you for riding along with Max on the first leg of his adventure. I hope you'll join me as his journey continues...

S. A. Ferkey
