
RISEN

By Sharon Cramer

Copyright 2014 Talking Bird Books LLC/B & F Publishing
Smashwords Edition

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Copy edited by D. L. Torrent
Cover design by Elana and Justin Westphal

Publishers Note:
This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, places and events are the work of the authors imagination. Any resemblance to real persons, places, or events is entirely coincidental.

Authors Note:
The backdrop for this story is fourteenth century France and the Ottoman Empire. However, I have interpreted, within this period, events, timelines, characteristics, and peopleboth fictional and realin a loose manner that may not coincide with the actual historical course of events. I have done this solely for the purpose of literary embellishment. It is my greatest wish that the reader would enjoy simple and gratuitous entertainment of this piece of historic fantasy.


PROLOGUE


Ravan sat in the grave, arms around his brother.



CHAPTER ONE


Stripping naked in the dim starlight, he laid the priests robes carefully next to the corpse. Ravan frowned. Hed never before undertaken such a task as this. It was not that he was unfamiliar with death or even particularly averse to handling mortal remains. No, hed had his fair share of exposure to the dead, on one occasion hiding beneath several fallen men on a battlefield. Tonight, however, was different. He loved this man, and the tender act he was about to undertake was as difficult as anything hed ever done.
Kneeling, he carefully undressed the dead man. Shortly they were both nakedthe mercenary and his brotherone of them beautiful, cold, and asleep forever. Ravan could scarcely bear to look at the thinner frame of his twin, refused to recount the sorrow that had robbed him of his will to live. Draping the robes over the naked body, he dressed himself first.
Before long, Ravan again wore the familiar clothing of a mercenary, absent his armor. Pulling his boots on, the ones his brother had worn to the gallows, he prepared himself for what he must do next. Kneeling, he handled his brothers corpse tenderly as though it were a lover, carefully dressing him one last time in the robes of the church, enshrouding his twins kindness along with his body.
It tormented Ravan to see the mortal laceration on Datas chest, the arrow launched by his own accord. Frowning, he passed his hand over the wound, grimly lingering upon it as though he might brush the mark away. He believed himself unworthy of the sacrifice his brother had madetaking his life as he had, for him.
He stood up, his back and knees aching. Why did he feel so weary, soold? He was a young man yet felt as though hed lived forever.
Pacing the distance just so, for he wanted the grave to be perfect, he gauged where he must dig. Then, minute by minute, hour by hour, he dug the pit, working well into the night. It was nearly so deep that he could scarcely look from it before he stopped. He dragged himself from the grave and brushed the dirt from his hands as he considered the dead man who lay nearby.
Walking to the gelding, the mercenary pulled a bulky, wrapped item from the pack and returned with it to his brothers side. Carefully, he swathed the body of his twin in the bolt of burial linen, bought with nearly his last coin. It was Cezanne linen, although he did not know this, and starkly perfect, bright in the darkness of the night. It seemed, in some awful fashion, wrong.
Ravan gazed at the peaceful face of his brother for a long time before pulling himself from the sad limbo and willing himself to finish this awful task. Then, with a broken heart, he draped the beautiful face of his brother in linen, obscured now forever.
Never again would he see his twin; never again would he look upon the kindness of the one whod come like an angel at his darkest hour. It was so awfully terminal, but there was nothing that could be done.
He swallowed his grief and steeled himself before stepping into the grave. Standing on tiptoe, he was able to wrap his arms around the corpse. Easing his brother to his final resting spot, he sat for nearly an hour, holding and rocking the body of a man hed come to love in a single night. His tears fell freely, silentlystreaks of salty mud on the tortured face of the mercenary.
Now, quite earthen and weary from such a heart-rending task, he hauled himself from the grave one last time and entombed his brother. As the pit slowly filled, his mind relived the one night hed spent in the cell, the night Data had come to see him, come to know his brother.
How had such a thing happened? How had fate orchestrated such a string of events? Hed been sincerely astounded when the priest appeared. Initially, he hid his surprise from the holy man, unwilling to accept spiritual charity, instead mocking the priests purpose and kindness.
It hadnt mattered, though. The tale of two brothers had escaped them both, and Data had, in the span of a singular night, compelled Ravan to love him. It was that simple. Then, his twin had tricked him, opened the gate to a life of freedom, and sacrificed himself.
Sitting at the edge of the gravesite, the mercenary whittled a small cross from the enormous willow that towered, arms stretching greedily, over the grave. Notching the pieces so that they were well joined, he held them up, examined his modest efforts to see if it was acceptable, if it would respect the final resting place of his brother. When it satisfied him that it would, he secured the pieces together with the silk cord cut from his own longbow. Without the bow, his arrows were useless. The sacrifice rendered him weaponless except for his axe and knife, but that mattered not at all. Datas burial was all important. Nothing could be considered until it was supremely done.
The hours stretched on, and eventually Ravan placed the last of the stones around the grave. Fitting the final one into place, he was surprised to be done. Hed lost all concept of time as his memories played like one grand, sorrowful loop in his mind. The stones were substantial, each about the size of a mans head. On some level, hed realized this as he hand picked them one by one, sometimes wandering several hundred yards away to find just the right stone. It was a tedious undertaking, taking most of the rest of the night, but he was satisfied that it was well worth it in the end.
He brushed his hands together and squinted, studying the final resting place of his brother. Simply dignified, the grave was meticulously arranged, carefully dug, then surrounded with the white and speckled stones. It was, he thought, beautiful, and the best form of respect he could provide his brother given such extenuating circumstances.
Nearly done, he took one of the speckled stones in both hands and pounded the unmarked cross into the damp, newly dug earth at the head of the grave.
Nearby, the horses pawed their impatience. A clear and starry night, it was barely bright enough to cast a sad shadow upon the lonesome scene. Although it was light enough for Ravan to accomplish what he set forth to do, the lack of any moon made the task of burying his brother just dim enough to be miserable.
He lingered, arms crossed, staring at the freshly turned mound of earth. Reaching up, he grasped something and pulled it from around his neck. Bending over, he carefully hung the small copper ringthe one hed worn the better part of his lifeonto the little wooden cross. The ring was sincerely significant, given to him as a gift when he was quite young by an old man whod loved him dearly. Years later, it was strung on a silver chain when he outgrew it, by a woman whod also loved him like a son.
It was most fitting that his twin brother should have it. His entire life hed worn the ring and chain. Theyd become symbols for him. When his life was most out of control, whenever he believed he could not persevere, it was the soft grate of the ring on the chainthe whir-whir as hed run it up and downthat calmed him, steadied his mind, and quieted his heart. It pleased Ravan to be able to make such a small gesture for his brother.
Now he evaluated his efforts. Datas grave was a good grave, deep and even, worthy of the man laid to rest in it. Ravan hadnt known Data, never even knew he existed until three nights before when the young priest had come to see him in the dungeon, to give him last confession.
At first, hed not welcomed his brothers visit, had been unwilling to feed his soul to a holy man, even if it was under such peculiar circumstances such as they were twin brothers. But as the night unfolded they each shared their own strange tales, both of them inconceivable but heartbreakingly true, nonetheless.
Now, it was done. Data lay at last next to his beloved Julianne and their unborn child. The hand hewn, wooden cross was in odd contrast to the massive white stone at the head of Juliannes grave. The marble angel that perched on it had watched, observed the strange visitor perform his ceaseless task. Once Ravan had looked up from his undertaking and thought he saw the angel cry. But surely itd only been the night playing tricks on his eyes.
A long night, a long life, threatened to get the best of the mercenary. This was not right. His brother wasnt supposed to die in his place, wasnt supposed to take his place at the gallows. A crafty one his twin had beenand compassionate, loving to a fault. That had been his weakness. That was his undoing. Had it not been so? Data had given his life for his brotherthe hated one, the feared one, the mercenary.
Clearing his throat, Ravan tried to find his tongue, to offer some final respect, but words refused to come, and for a long moment he simply stood between the two graves, his head bowed, horribly matted hair falling across his battle hardened face. Ive known you such a short time but believe Ive known you forever, he thought just then and was surprised to feel tears threatening again.
Brushing them roughly away, he was angry, not so much for the tears but because his brother had been so divinely successful with the ruse, sacrificing himself so superbly in his stead. He was the warrior, not his brother! How had one so tender fooled him so completely? I only just found youonly knew you for one night. It wasnt supposed to be this way!
Dropping to his knees, he knelt on the edge of the grave. The earth, turned and damp as it was and packed on his brothers body, was almost inviting. He pondered just stretching upon the grave, sprawling above his entombed brother, and remaining there forever. Ravan was weary. More than anything, he was bone tired. When, he wondered, had things gone so terribly wrong?
He struggled, tried to remember if there was a time in his life when things werent horribly out of control. Now, at twenty-four years of age, he was exhausted, starved, beatenand free. Waithadnt his brother said that was the greater good? That he would die so that his brother could be free? Hed refused the terrible barter his twin proposed, but Data had his way after all.
Ravans eyes narrowed. Would it be for nothing? Would his brothers sacrifice be meaningless? He shook the cobwebs of the last few, harrowing days from his head and forced himself to think clearly.
For the first time in his life, he was unchained, unfettered, and most importantly, unknown. Datas deed, stepping to the gallows for his twin, had given Ravan the greatest gift of all. Everyone thought it was the mercenary who swung three mornings ago, when in reality it was his holy twin brother whod taken his place, leaving him drugged and sleeping in the dungeon.
He placed both hands palm down on the grave, yet unwilling to part from the brother hed so singularly come to love. Love, that elusive, beautiful target. He sought it his entire lifethe freedom to love. There were a handful of people whom hed loved and who loved Ravan in return, and he was acutely aware of the grace of this. This one, howeverthis brotherthis twin was the most divine of them all. He made the ultimate sacrifice even though hed seen him only twice in his life, at his birth and at his death.
Overcome with the benevolence of it all, his head was clearer than itd ever been. He stooped and scooped up a small handful of the damp earth. Carefully wrapping it in a remnant of the burial shroud, he tucked it inside his tunic, into a pocket close to his heart. Then he brushed the earth from his hands one last time.
Finding his voice, it broke as he whispered, I should have known you longer.
Ravan gazed at the stars, spoke to where he thoughthopedhis brother might be. May you have the peace you have so long searched for. Then as an afterthought, he added, I envy you brother. I would die for what I believe you now have. If not by my side, then it is my sincere wish that you be at hers.
Turning from the grave, he approached the horses, stepping onto the bay mare and leading the gelding. His mount was fresh, and she pranced in place, obviously wishing to be gone from this task and off into what was left of the starry night, but Ravan held her just a bit longer.
As a sliver of darkest pink claimed the horizon, he promised the dead man, murmuring respectfully to his brothers grave, I shall try to be the man you believe I am. Then he spun and started into the breaking day, north, to findher.


CHAPTER TWO


Nicolette leaned her thin frame over the cradle, her ebony hair falling carelessly over a starkly white shoulder. The hand that stroked the head of the child was ghostly pale against the complexion of the sleeping infant. It was a peculiar picturethe willowy creature, so exotic, draped in a gown so deeply red as to be almost black, leaning as though suspended over the babys bed. She stood barefoot on the stone floor of the castle.
Gently smoothing the soft hair of the child, she studied the infant, her deep, green eyes passing the length of the babe. It stirred but did not waken. Reaching for the tiny blanket, she swaddled her son so that the nights dampness would not chill him. Satisfied, she rested both hands on the edge of the crib and leaned her head to one side. It was a lovely baby, with raven hair and soulful eyes. When she gazed at its face, it reminded her of him.
It was the first time today that she thought of Ravan. She did not mourn his loss, did not grieve the unknown destiny of her lost lover. It was simply not of her disposition to be so consumed, for Nicolette did not question the ebb and flow of fate. Neither did she allow it to run unchecked, for though she believed the universe could not be controlled, she certainly believed it could be manipulated. She was fearless in this way, and it was this odd fearlessness that frightened some a great deal. Even so, he slipped into her thoughts on occasionclaimed a memory from her.
No one could have predicted the entrance of the mercenary called Ravan. Hed come into her life uninvited, and she left his without hesitation. There had been no other way. They were lovers; of that there was no question. Even more, there had emerged a connection between them that could not be denied.
But, in the end, there was only so much that could be done. The dark one was destined to fall, and he would have died on that fateful day had she not stepped in to spare him. Nicolette had orchestrated as much grace as she could for him, agreeing to marry the tyrant Adorno in exchange for allowing Ravan to be tried by the state. After that, his end had become his own, and word was the feared one, her loverfather of her infant sonhad swung from the gallows in Saint-Jean-de-Luz.
His memory fleeted across her subconscious again. Even as strong as shed been, that was a terrible time. Leaving her lover on the cliffs edge to become a victim of the state, shed been forced to return to the Bourbon estate and wed the dreaded Adorno deBourbon. It was an arranged marriage, and her betrothed was a despot, filthy and cruel as a rusted blade.
Adorno had seethed with jealousy, for the babe yet unborn was already conceived of her on their wedding day. He knew thisknew that it was not his child, knew that the mercenary had been between her legs. No, it was begat of him, the heathen, Ravan, and Adornos intention had been to destroy the child, rip it from her after the ceremony was sanctified.
This was not to be, however. His awful intent had gone unsung as Nicolette foiled his plans in a most unpleasant way. The grisly execution was manifest on their wedding night. She skewered him with a blade, even as he consummated their union. Itd slipped between his shoulder blades as hed slipped into her. It was a perfect murder, and left the realm free of the tyrant, Adorno.
Rumor flew through the castle, details of the horrific event. Nicolette, awash in blood, had been so dreadfully calm. Her husband, Lord of the Bourbon dynasty, was discovered spitted upon their wedding bed, victim to a wicked crime. But hed been despised by his entire domain, and wicked as the crime might be, nothing was more monstrous than he. The dead ruler was unmourned and left no heir apparent. Following, Nicolettean English bride of a French realm for not even one daystepped into the role of ruler and renamed it the Ravan dynasty.
At first the township was terrified. Certainly the tyrant, Adorno, had been cruel beyond compare and terribly feared, but what would become of them with their new mistress? Could she be any better? Would she be as cruel, for certainly it would take one as treacherous as Adorno to match the dead master in hand and deed, to marry him?
Their fears were unfounded. In a sweeping reformation, Nicolette restored compassion and stability to the dynasty in a remarkable way. She immediately planned a food reserve for lean years, forgave debt, and reduced the heavy taxations that Adorno had burdened them with. Suddenly gone were the cruel punishments of those taxes unpaid. There would be no more amputations, no more rapes, no more torture. It was as though an angel, albeit a mysterious, uncommon one, had come to rescue them. And it all happened in the flash of an eye.
A few short months went by, and the French domain, nestled south of Paris closer to Orleans, came to love their new leader despite their belief that she might not be of this world. It was true; Nicolette was unusual beyond all reasonable speculation. The black-haired beauty, so thin as to be almost starved and with eyes of green obsidian, rarely moved amongst the crowds. Her voice was soft, the touch of her hand tender, but there was a countenance about her that was otherworldly. This could not be denied.
Some townspeople whispered that she was a witch. Some suggested she was born of a peculiar lot, that nothing else could explain her unconventional manners. Others speculated she was a messengera mysterious angel, perhaps, come to rescue them from Satans reign.
Nicolette heard the rumors but brushed them aside as nonsense. And what did it matter? Perhaps she was an unusual creature, but she was a welcome one if that were the case.
And then there was the memory of the dark onethe mercenary whod come to protect the tyrant only to sweep Nicolette away on a fearsome flight across the land. Hed absconded her in the black of the night, stolen her and galloped from the castle on a steed that breathed fire. One man was left beheaded in his wake, another turned to stone. Thats what the townspeople said, and they were at least partly correct.
When she returned without him, no one dared speak the unspeakable, wonder at her awful fate at the hands of the mercenary. To do so was to invite the wrath of Adorno, and so all remained grimly silent, acted as though nothing at all had ever happened. She, above all, seemed extraordinarily unaffected by the entire affair. And thenthere was a wedding day murder.
Now, most days Nicolette was nowhere to be seen, and on evenings she would only rarely step beyond the castle grounds. The villagers kept watch for her as though she was an apparition, and when she sometimes appeared, they would assemble quickly, calling to their Lady. On these few occasions when she was noticeably public, she greeted them with a kind but silent expression. She would wave but, as always, disappeared nearly as fast as she appeared, behind the walls of her keep. There she would remain until they might next catch a glimpse of her.
This was not to say Nicolette was not active within her court. She called her assembly frequently, sometimes at very odd hours. Midnight would barely have perished when the court might be summoned to her council chambers. Her officers complained of this but never did so openly to her. That would not have been wise. True, her hours were odd, but her purpose and intentions were flawless.
Within a few short months, all subversion was extinguished and treachery uncovered. Shed seen to any discontents immediate elimination and soon had an elite court with which to work. All were faithful; all were just. None questioned the strange beauty who commanded them. Reformation began.
Nicolette believed she had a purpose, an obligation to those within her domain, especially those without resources. Along with her belief in this obligation came the realization that there was always something that could be improved on. When an idea or thought struck her, it was her nature to act on it at once, even if the sun was not yet up.
And then shed born the child! The village was elated with this news! A son, an heir to the dynasty! This sparked a new wave of gossip, for there was broad speculation that the infant boy was not of the tyrant, Adorno. Who then was the father? Could it be? It must! It must be the mercenarythe fiend who stole her! And so it was a bastards child and born of rape!
But what of it? They had a monarch now, and she was kind and beloved by all. True her lineage was English, but theyd grown to trust her, and was this not her son? Would this baby not be the heir of it all, inherit this vast dynasty? Yes, it would! And so the town was thrilled with hope and rejoiced openly in celebration when the infant boy was born.
She remained at the side of the crib as evening slid into night, watching. The baby was scarcely a month old and something happened. This infant son had planted within Nicolette the first notion of trepidation shed ever known, ever. This was unusual, for Nicolettes demeanor did not follow the emotional makeup of the rest of the world. She was neither trapped by the laws of the Earth nor the rules of passion that life forced onto the creatures that slogged upon it. Instead, her existence was of another plane, or so the whispers suggested. Even so, the child had done something to her, given her pause for his very existenceand this set her on edge in a terrible way, for the first time ever.
Moulin? she called gently as she stroked the forehead of the sleeping baby.

*  *  *

Her guard, a Swiss pikeman, had been painfully loyal to his mistress. Even when Nicolette had murdered her husband on their wedding night, he helped to cover up the crime. Never mind she was awash in Adornos blood, the dagger lying in the bedclothes. Moulin covered the grisly face of his Lord, and never again spoke of it.
Now he was her personal castellan, and stood outside her door, as he always did. There was no wish, no desire, that he would not try to satisfy for her. Even that awful night, while his mistress had calmly washed the blood from her hands, he set the stones that sealed the wedding chamber, locking Adorno away in his bloody tomb forever.
Moulin? her heard her call again for him.
He had a habit of doing that, of allowing her to call for him twice before answering. And his heart stirred instantly to hear her say his name, for Moulin was in love with Nicolette. He was not only in love with her, he burned for her.
Long ago, hed seen her naked, tied and trussed upon Adornos bed, and he grieved her abuse, suffering the indignity of it even when she did not. Becoming fiercely protective of the strange beauty who came to stay when it was decided she would be betrothed to Adorno, Moulin was at great odds for being unable to protect her from himhis master.
Before the wedding, itd been his job to free his mistress after the rapes, to unfetter her bonds. He was immensely conflict for this, primarily because he should see her naked after she endured the rapes, but then because of the undeniable desire he felt for her when he saw her nude on the bed, even in such a dreadful state as that. It gave him a terrible sense of depravity, and he rebuked himself for this, but it never removed the truth of it. He wanted nothing more than to have her as his own.
Moulin suffered as he recalled those dark events of days gone by. Adorno had raped many, but Moulins service had been to only NicoletteAdornos betrothed. He averted his eyes as best he could at those instances, appalled by the debauchery, embarrassed for her. But she never reacted as though it was anything extraordinary. As was her way, Nicolette had almost shrugged the events off as insignificant. It was just one of the things about her that astonished him to his very core.
And all of this was before the barbarian, Ravan, had come and swept her away, before her return, and before the fateful wedding murder. After, as the days and months went by, she came to rely on Moulin as her closest confidant. And now, with Adorno and the mercenary gone, he allowed his imagination to run free. Consequently, the very presence of her stirred his soul and awakened in him feelings he barely kept at bay.
He fantasized that he could, would, eventually have the nerve to approach her, and ask of her what he longed tofor her hand in marriage. But there was never a moment that allowed him closer to this dream than the shadowy hopes of obscure make-believe.
And so, he was dutiful and attended her needs impeccably, only murmuring to himself, when he was perfectly alone and on the fringe of sleep, the words he longed to say out loud to her.
My lady, what is it you desire? Are you not able to sleep? He pushed the massive door open, entering to her call.
Moulin, I was wondering Nicolette motioned him to approach before walking to her dressing table. Pouring a draught of brandy, she raised it to the candles, inspected the rich amber by the light of the fire, then offered it to her most trusted guard. Because it is late, she murmured as she held the drink out for Moulin.
He shook his head, No, my lady, not while I am at hand. It would not be wise.
She nodded, Mmm and sipped the brandy herself before taking a seat and motioning for him to sit opposite her. He hesitated but finally crossed the floor and situated himself on a lovely brocade bench, glancing at the sleeping baby as he walked by.
He couldnt help but notice the child as he passed. It was stunning, so beautiful with its warm complexion, hair, and eyes. Furthermore, it had the nose and the forehead of its fatherof that there was no doubt. The dead mercenary had sired this child.
Ravan remained a mystery to Moulin. Hed never known for certain the fate of the one who kidnapped his mistress nearly ten months ago. The black wraith had dragged her from the castle that cruel night and escaped with her upon the destrier stallion. They flew on the wind; itd been a horrible and prolonged chase to bring Nicolette back, Moulin heard, and she returned on that same stallionwithout him. Then no one ever again spoke of it. It was as though nothing at all had happened.
After her homecoming, she refused to speak of her ordeal to anyone, never elaborated on the terrible flight, and her betrothal to Adorno was consummated. Before the ceremony, however, her belly swelled ever so slightly with the bastard child. Moulin had always believed the mercenary had raped herthat the child was begat in a cruel way; how could it be otherwise? Certainly she could not have loved him? No, he refused to consider this, that she may have loved the dark one.
Truthfully, he believed he would never know. After the shocking murder of Adorno, Nicolette had renamed the dynastyafter him. This was now the Ravan dynasty, and shed become its perfect ruler. The fiefs were flourishing and the coffers filling. There was not one element of the new rule that was not better off for the unusual woman sitting barefooted before him.
But perhaps shed named it thus on account of the heritage of the child, because it would have been bad luck to do otherwise. Ill begotten as it was, the mercenary was the father. That was it, he convinced himself. That was why she named the realm for him, and then Moulin convinced himself to think of it no more.
To be away from her was unbearable. Butto be with her, even now, with her oddly ethereal behavior, set Moulins nerves on edge in an exquisite way. It was the most divine toxin ever, and he would drink of it any chance he could.
Nicolette tipped her head to one side, studying the man seated opposite her. This made him immediately uneasy, for he believed she might see into his mind, could see his heart and the secrets he tried so hard to hide. Moulin shifted his weight, never quite comfortable in proximity to her and certainly not when he was within the chamber in which she slept.
What is it that troubles you, my Lady? His eyes narrowed as he suspected something bothered her tonight. It was his belief that she was never quite right since the birth of this child, that something gnawed at her. None other than he likely noticed, but then again, none knew her like he did. He was certain of this.
Waving a hand as though she might wave away any significance of it, she cut straight to business. Should I baptize the child?
Moulins eyes shot open in surprise. All children were baptized, or so he thought. It hadnt really occurred to him until that moment that the baby was not. But then, of course he would certainly have been present had it happened. No, he could not remember a baptism of Nicolettes son.
Madame? The child is notIt has no? was all he could offer in return.
Of course, he is not. Nicolettes reply was immediate. It is of no importance to me, but Ive wondered if perhaps it bodes one way or another for my son. Her eyes narrowed as she studied first him then the babe. Humanity, the ordainment of your fate, she said generically and as though she was not of them, Im not certain, for the necessity of the fate of man is elusive to me.
Moulin thought this was perhaps one of the oddest things he ever heard her say and was just about to comment on it when she continued, running her finger slowly around the edge of the brandy chalice. Drawing her knees up under her chin, she tugged as her gown to cover her pale legs. This is why I seek your counsel tonight. I wish for fortune to be with this human. She indicated her son with a nod.
When he just stared, dumbstruck, she asked him, Have I not made myself clear?
Yes, oh yes, Moulin answered hastily, Of course. I understand completely, and you are correct. Moulin leaned toward her as he lowered his voice, as though no one else knew of this, as though it were a great secret only they shared. The child should be christened immediately. He said this not because she pressed him about it, but because he believed the matter to be significantvery significant. It was significant because, at four weeks of age, the childheir to the entire Ravan Dynastyhad no name.


CHAPTER THREE


Of the two horses, the bay mare was stronger. She was, by equine standards, a fine horsea Barb Arabian, but larger than most. That awful daythe execution day when hed bartered for his brothers corpsehed seen the mare put up a fuss in the thinning crowd.
Before he could transport his brothers body, he needed a horse. Before a horse, he needed coin. So first, Ravan went to the church and robbed it only of as much as he thought he would need to complete his tasks.
I do this for one of your best, he gestured to the ornate Christ figure suspended upon a timber over the pulpit. He now belongs to you.
When he went to the livery, he was extremely lucky. There was the mare, and its owner was evidently going through a rough patch with her. The shabby priest caught him at just the right moment, and the man had been more than willing to part with the disobedient steed. Even so, much of Ravans coin had gone to the purchase of the horse.
Now, four days later and after burying his brother, Ravan left the lesser of the two horsesthe grey geldingin a pasture not very far from the Cezanne estate. He would not see how, the next morning, the farmer would awaken to find a good horse in his field and wonder on the mystery of God for a long while. The man would not, however, report the lost animal to anyone.
Now relieved of the slower steed, Ravan continued his trek north and west. Guessing it would take him just under two weeks to reach his destination, he was driven, and the Arab mare sensed his urgency, running relentlessly beneath him. They were exceedingly well matched, for both master and steed were willing to run until they could run no more.
His resources were dwindling, for hed spent most of the stolen gold on the two horses, a knife, a hand axe, shovel, and the burial cloth for his brother. Stopping to hunt was not an option, for trapping would have taken too much of his precious time, and his bow was no longer functional anyway after making the cross for his brothers grave. Foraging was also fairly out of the question, for autumn had breathed its meager silence across the land. But none of this really mattered. To the mercenary, all he had to do was make it alive to Adornos dynasty. Then, he would affect what destiny he might or die trying.
Consequently, when Ravan entered a small village three evenings later, his belly was painfully empty, and the mare had chosen, for the first time since they left the grave, to slow to a walk of her own accord. Respite must be sought. His primary concern was lodging, food, and care for his mount. Second, he would restring the bow and sleep. Then, he would be on his way againto kill Adorno.
Entering the small town, he was prepared to pay the last of his coin for a good meal and shelter for himself and his horse. He had just enough gold left to manage that. But one night was all he would need. Then, he would ride until his task was done.
Even so, he was surprised to find a small inn, central to the village. Ravan no longer wore the armor of a mercenary, no longer carried a sword at his side. And the knife he created so long agopig-killerhad served its purpose divinely but was taken from him when hed been imprisoned.
No matter; the new knife sheathed at his belt was fine enoughfor now. Hed purchased it before leaving Saint-Jean-de-Luz, even before buying the horses. Standing in front of the bladesmith, he tossed the elegant weapon from hand to hand before balancing it midway on one finger, inspecting it very closely. After peering down the spine and testing the edge with his thumb, Ravan paid sincerely for the knife, surprised to find such a decent blade in the small, coastal village.
The bladesmith had studied him carefully in return as though recognizing the strange purchaser of the weapon was a man worthy of his craft, oddly dressed though he was in a priests garments.
What is your name? Ravan had quietly asked the man, curious of the one who could fashion such a weapon as this, for they were rare, indeed.
Boltofand yours?
The question, innocent though it was, carried with it the weight of a boot on his chest. Such a question this waswho was he, now that Data had freed him of his past, set his life on a path unknown? Ravan thought for a long time before murmuring, Im not certain, then he was gone.
Now, the weight of the blade against his hip was comforting as Ravan pushed the tavern door open and stepped inside. He paused, scanning the timbered warmth of the room. There was a handful of patrons within, and a blazing fire crackled on the large, open hearth. For a fleeting second, he was reminded of the Fat Wifeof when hed lived and worked at an inn so long ago.
This paralyzed him, and he glanced further about, startled by the similarity of it all. He half expected her to step from the kitchen door and greet him, drying her hands on her skirts as shed always done.
Slowly, time seemed to crawl to a standstill and with it sound faded away as well. He was momentarily suspended in the vortex of his memories, and all within stopped what they were doing to simply stare at the peculiar intruder. Ravan remained where he was, not moving at all, almost struggling to convince himself that this was not that inn.
Closing his eyes, he rubbed at them with the heel of one hand to push the images away, to collect himself. Sanity held, and on some level he realized it would not do for him to be so distracted after having spent nearly a year imprisoned. No, he must maintain control, try to appear civilized, try to fit in as best he could. He repeated this thought to himself several times over.
Can I help you?
Ravan didnt hear the question.
Sir, can I help you? Would you like wineor dinner? Do you need lodging for tonight? a soft voice pulled at him.
Dropping his hand from his eyes, he only stared at the young woman whod appeared from seemingly nowhere. When he at long last paired the voice with the woman, he could not take his eyes from herhe was so suddenly affected by her appearance.
The hand she gently reached toward him was not a hand at all, for it was gone. There was only a stump at the end of her thin arm. Her face, which might be ordinarily charming, lacked an eye. Where the beautiful, blue orb should be was only a sunken pit, blackened and stretched tighta leathery cavern of hideous proportion. Neither did the young womans hair grow well on that side of her head, and she wore scars upon her scalp for whatever the cruel insult had been. She was smallish, feeble as a poorly kept child, and standing a mere arms length from the mercenary.
For all her appearance, it was she who gasped involuntarily and backed a step away from him, the stump going up to her mouth in surprise. Ravan hadnt considered that his own dreadful appearance was a vision all its own. Hed been a prisoner for so long and only free just four days ago from that awful cell. Since then, his entire business had been preoccupied with the burying of his brother and riding like a man possessed. Not a moment had been taken to consider his own appearances, how others might see him.
Consequently, there was never a wilder, more wretched creature than the one standing in the middle of the small inn on this evening. All within had stopped whatever they were doing and simply stared at the odd exchange between these two. The miserable stranger and the butchered young woman were a strikingly bizarre pair to be sure. It was dinner and a show.
Pardon? Oh, yes, he replied.
Ravan was unaccustomed to being approached as a civilian. In truth, he never had! There was really not a time that he could remember not being a mercenaryor a child of bad fate. Now, he was a free man and seen by others as just thata free man! His brother had given this to hima gift of the greatest proportions! Even so, it was a difficult role to become accustomed to, and he swallowed thickly, tasting richly the unfamiliarity of it.
Im sorry. For a second I thought He shook his head, began fresh. With conviction he said, Yes, I wish to take a room for the night, with dinnerand care and lodging for my horse as wellthe bay mare, just outside. He examined the girl more closely, and she looked away from him, cowering from beneath his awful scrutiny. Ravan was oddly reminded of the orphanage just then. Thank you, he said apologetically. I hope I did not startle you. Ive been traveling for he shook his head, for a very long time. Truthfully, remarkably, he appeared worse for wear than she, but he could not know this.
Certainly, she said in a small voice, please come with me, and I will see that your horse is tended as well. Motioning for him to follow, the maiden took up a candle, crossed the room, and climbed a dim flight of planked stairs to the second floor.
Ravan followed, stepping onto the landing before peering beyond her down a narrow hall. It was dark with only her candle to light the way. She walked slowly, holding her stump so that an ill breeze would not douse the flame.
There were rooms on either side, and she led him to the very end, to the last one on the left. Opening the door, she stepped aside and lifted the candle enough for him to see in. There were two beds. In one, under the dim light of the candle, lay two naked men, already passed out from their evenings frivolity. A fecal breeze crept across the threshold, and Ravan turned away.
I must have a room to myself. Im sorry
There is only one single room, sir. It will cost you.
I will pay. Ravan reached for his coin purse, but she shook her head at him.
Pay downstairs when you come to dinner. I assume you wish to bathe? She stared at his silence and offered considerable patience to the unusual stranger who claimed to have currency and a horse. When he only nodded, she explained, I will draw water and be back soon. Warm or cold?
Excuse me? he began, then realized she was giving him an option of the two. He hesitated only a moment before replying, Warm, please, and do you have soap?
Yes, for laundry. It comes with a charge. Then she indicated the room directly across the way. Stepping around him, she unlocked the heavy door with the same key and pushed it open, revealing a small, comfortable room. Using the candle she held, she lit two more candles, both on a small dressing table, then looked at him for approval.
This will be fine. And I need silk, several arms lengths.
She eyed him suspiciously. We have nothing like that here.
Linen, then? As strong as you havecan you bring me some linenplease?
She paused, rubbed her chin with the first two fingers of her only hand. I have dress linen. I suppose that might work. I can bring a spool of that. As though reasoning this would be satisfactory, she waved her hand. Use as much as you wish. Apparently finished, she ducked wordlessly around him and hurried back down the hall leaving Ravan to himself and the solitary privacy of his room.
He closed the door and leaned his head against it. A roomhis roompaid for with stolen coin, though it was. It was the first instance since hed leapt from the miserable cell that he had a sincere moment of quiet solitude, with nothing but the wretched clothes on his back and the even more tortured thoughts in his head.
He remained like this, simply breathingnothing elsefor a lost amount of time. Tears threatened, and he was surprised at the circumstances that found him most weak. It was not crawling into a grave with his brother or wielding a bow on a battlefield. It was the memory of loss, the exposure of his heart to profound love. These were the things that tugged at and tortured his soul now.
He was absolutely lost in his thoughts when the soft rap came at the door, surprising him as thoroughly as though an axe had struck him between the eyes. He pulled the door open and stepped away. The maiden had returned with the water, soap, and a single hand towel draped across her handless arm. She flipped the towel onto the bed and set the basin and soap on the only other piece of furniture in the rooma simple, roughhewn dresser.
Dinner is downstairs, if you wish. I will see to the mare and fetch the linen on my way. She didnt wait for Ravan to acknowledge this, only turned and closed the door behind her.
The mercenary sat down on the edge of the bedthe first time hed sat on a bed since hed worked at Adornos estate. How long ago had that been? Ten, eleven months? This was all that was needed for the memory of Nicolette to crash down on his senses. Before this moment, he was driven by his need to bury his brother and flee north. Now, he was again offered the cruelty of a quiet moment in a space that he would not be disturbed in.
Laying back upon the bed, he closed his eyes, but this only made it worse. There was no sorting out the how and why of things now. She was married to the monster, Adorno. This belief gave him a grave, sour feeling within his gut, and he sat up again. Stop this foolishness! Never mind! Married or not, it would not stop him from his final quest! He would not have peace until he stood at the castle gate. Then he would find Nicolette and Adorno, he would take her again, just as hed done beforeand he would kill him. And if he could not, it would be his final stand.
To draw these thoughts so clearly to mind was akin to surgically severing a limb. The wound was so neatly opened, everything within so cleanly exposed. There was no predicted outcome, only the need to go. And this need pressed upon him with a murderous urgency. Nothing could rest until the capitation was complete. Only then would the madness cease.
He pushed Adorno from his mindpushed aside the images of the tyrant wed to the woman he lovedand let only thoughts of Nicolette to wash across his skin. She knew him, knew him like no other. She knew the things hed done and chose not to judge him but loved him in spite of his black history. This was better, much better. This was good, and he allowed his memory to find that long past night in the starlit meadow, the first time they ever lay together, the first time they ever
His mind was in a very good place when the soft rap came again at the door. He leapt to his feet and after a serious moments hesitationand rearranging himself, answered the door. The maiden had returned with a large spool of linen fiber. She seemed mildly surprised that hed ignored his bath altogether. The linen, she said. I assumed you might be ready to eat by now. She glanced at the basin. I can bring fresh water if you like.
When Ravan didnt comment on this, only shook his head, she gave him a perplexed look and left him once more alone. He was still affected by his warm memory of Nicolette, and did not even bother to bar the door.
There was no mirror in the room, nothing that could indicate to Ravan just how awful he really looked. Stepping to the simple, wooden dresser, he drew the corner of the hand towel through the still warm basin of water. This was something hed not felt in a very long time. He held his hands up, stared at them, so blackened with filth that he scarcely recognized them. Turning them over, he studied them as though they were strangers.
Submerging both hands in the basin, he savored the simple joy of warm water on his skin, rejoiced in the feel of it, genuine as a lovers caress. It was enough to break him into action, and he set himself to a long needed task.
Peeling from his jacket and tunic, he reached for the soap and began to bathe. He scoured and scrubbed for a good, long while. His body was bruised from the beatings at the prison, and at times it was difficult to tell the bruises from the dirt. When the water was a dark, murky grey, Ravan was nowhere close to being clean.
Abandoning the bath, he focused instead on his hair. The tangled mane hung black and filthy down his back. He tried to straighten it, tried to pry a few sections of it apart, but combing his fingers through it proved utterly futile. His hair was so matted and flea infested that he gave up, wondering briefly what to do next. All at once, he drew his knife. Grasping the thick locks with one hand, he swept the blade, chopping his hair off clean at his shoulders.
Nearly a foot of hideously tangled mat fell to his feet along with the many creatures within. He kicked the snarled mess aside. Next, he did the same to his beard, grasping it as close to his chin as he could, curling his fingers through the thickened mass of it. He drew the knife carefully, cutting the hair off as near as was possible to his face. Along with the beard fell more of the awful vermin.
All the while, he ruminated on his dark days within the prison cell, the incessant persecution of the fleas and lice. His mind wandered freely over the past years imprisonment. This, of course, ultimately led his thoughts to his brother.
He stopped his task, blade still in his hand, and leaned heavily against the dresser that held the dirty wash basin. His breath caught in his chest and the foreign stab of painthe one that so recently had begun to pierce his heartsurfaced again with next to no notice. Closing his eyes, he conjured up the lovely, sad face of the priest whod sat with him that wondrous and wretched night. Data The broken murmur escaped his lips.
The soft rap at the door went unanswered. Repeated and more insistent this time, it finally drew him from his melancholy reminiscence, and he spun about to discover the maiden standing in the open doorway with a fresh basin of hot water. She was frozen in place, eyes wide, mouth open in a silent Oh.
The man before her was half naked, only in his sagging trousers and boots. He could not see what she sawthe broad shoulders, the clear and deadly eyes, the roadmap of scars upon the lean and hungry frame. This one had seen battle, and much of itof this there was little doubt.
Oh, Im so sorry, II brought more water. I thought that She looked away.
Lifting the soiled basin from the dresser, Ravan approached her and traded the water, carefully taking the fresh one before making sure she had a grasp of the soiled one. It was only then that she likely realized how tall he was, the size of him, even lean as he was.
With a soft smile, he said, Its good that you did. And I will likely need a third before I am done with this. He indicated with one hand his general remaining filth. Then, handing her a coin, he asked if she might find him a fresh tunic somewhere.
Nodding dumbly, she backed from the room, leaving him to a freshened bath. This time, he stripped entirely naked and hung his jacket and trousers from the window, outside in the cold, secured firmly by the sash so that they might hang in the frigid night breeze. This was clever of him for the last of the fleas would leave the pants in short order, bolting in the close to freezing weather to search elsewhere for warmer fare. When he later pulled them from the window, they would not be clean, but they would be free of infestation.
Next, he use the lye ash soap and lathered his head, body, and lastly his groin so thoroughly that he was at last free of the wretched vermin that had persecuted him for so long. His skin tingled with the raw cleanliness of it, and he was beginning to feel half civilized.
The maiden returned a third time, and Ravan snatched the throw from the foot of the bed, wrapping it crudely around his waist and holding it with one hand before responding to the now familiar knock on the door. Outfitted only in his makeshift skirt, he answered her call.
She was only momentarily surprised and looked him up and down before saying simply, Ive untacked, rubbed down, and fed your horse. Extending her mutilated arm, she held a fresh tunic out to him and peered at him quizzically with her one eye. She is a fine one, as good as Ive seen, she pressed him further. He again said nothing, but this time she appeared not willing to let whatever was on her mind rest. It is an exceptional horse for one so 
With that he glanced sharply at her, and she held her tongue, perhaps fearing she might offend him. Ravan thanked her, taking first the tunic and then the fresh water, holding the blanket at his waist as he did. Yes, she is worthy of the small fortune I paid for her, and thank you for the tunic.
The girl appeared to consider this, the likelihood of one as wretched as this man having a steed such as the mare, but she said no more about it. Hesitating, he could feel her appraise him further. Thank you for the water, he said. I will be a bit longer.
Ill leave you then. If you do not eat, you will need to pay before you sleep. She seemed to indicate this would be the last of her visits to the room and turned, pulling the door closed behind her.
Ravan used the last basin of steaming water to finish his bath, rinsing thoroughly, finally washing the remnants of a years imprisonment from himself. Rubbing his skin nearly raw with the fresh towel shed brought, he reveled in the decency of cleanliness for the first time in so very long.
It was only then that he caught his dim reflection in the small window of the room. He could barely make out the almost too lean outline of his body, the grim set to the jaw. This was a man whod known hungerof that there was no question. The bruises were already beginning to fade. But the eyes, they were too dark, too deep to see clearly. He shrugged, brushing it off as a poor reflection. Ravan was what he was, the mercenary whod cheated the executioners noose and stepped back from deaths door. And nowhe was a free man.
Leaving the soiled tunic with the pile of hair, he donned the fresh shift and snatched his trousers from the sash. He pulled them on and slipped back into his boots before securing at his waist the belt, sheath, and knife. Then he ran his fingers through his damp hair, sweeping it back and behind his ears. If he could have seen his eyes, he would have seen that they were bright and clear, with all the promise of a good destiny dancing in them.
Feeling revived a great deal, he unraveled the spool of linen, pulling a good length of it around the footboard post. Meticulously, he twisted and at the same time twined the two long threads, coiling them around each other before, in the end, creating loops for either end. He lacked the wax to finish the string properly, so he spit upon it until he had the fibers just so. Finally, and because hed done it so many times before, Ravan created a good bowstring that would serve him well enough.
Reaching for the bow that was leaning dysfunctional in the corner, he looped the string on one end of itthe one by his foot. Stepping through the V he created, he bent the bow around the back of his leg, pulling hard, arcing the weapon so that he could hook the other loop end of the string to it. The bow was bent as it should be, the string taut and strong.
Holding it at arms length, it warmed him somewhere deep within to have a functional bow again. Next, he must find a suitable sword, but for now this would suffice. Pulling on the bow, he tested the tensile strength of it before he was ultimately satisfied.
Good, he murmured aloud to himself.
Returning the bow to the corner with the scabbard of arrows, he coiled the remainder of the linen carefully back onto the spool. Then he decided he was very nearly starved and that it was time to head downstairs for a meal. At first it worried him, to leave his bow and arrows in the room, for he was not given a key. Apparently the only one with a key was the girl, and all rooms could be barred from within when the patrons retired. But then he realized there was no obvious exit other than the front of the inn, and so any who might try to steal from him would have to pass him in the main room. It seemed reasonably secure, and he did not wish to appear armed. So the bow remained behind, and he left with only his blade strapped at his side.
Satisfied, down the hall he went, descending next the narrow flight of stairs. As he approached the common room, he was overcome again with an unfamiliar feeling. He was a free manfree to choose his path, free to choose his dinner, free to choose his death. This prompted a true smile, bittersweet though it was, from the face of the mercenary.
The man who stepped from the stairwell into the main room resembled nothing of the creature whod stood there a mere few hours before. The matted mane was gone, and the skin was no longer black with filth. More critically, the eyes glistened with a fresh spark of intent. For all practical purposes, a new stranger had emerged from upstairs.
Glancing around the room, he took in the lay of all the clientele. Most appeared to be travelers, perhaps some were local friends. None carried with them the promise of menace. They appraised him as well but only for as long as he held their gaze.
Ravan approached the bar only when the other patrons drew their attentions away from him, back to the mundane evenings of their own. Gone were the looks of repulsion and horror. It was as he expected it would be. There was no recognition of him as the man who entered not so long ago.
Ale? Mead? What can I serve you? the round man behind the massive wooden bar asked him.
Food. I am very hungry.
The girl will bring dinner. The man nodded to a small table, tucked into the corner behind a supporting pillar. Sit if you like. You wish to drink?
The last drink Ravan had enjoyed was the laudanum laced brandy hed meant to share with his brother in the cell, and this thought pulled strongly at him.
Sir? Are you ill? the man wondered.
Brandyif you have it, Ravan requested flatly with no further explanation.
The bartender grunted and sloshed a draught into a wooden cup before passing it to his patron. As Ravan made his way to the darkened corner, the girlthe one who brought his bath waterswept through the room. She glanced at the bartender, and when the man indicated the stranger in the corner, she simply nodded, disappearing back through a door in the distant corner of the room as though shed read his mind.
It was an odd moment for Ravanutterly unfamiliar. The fireplace blazed in its bed, and the brandy was placed before him. Light from the fire danced around the room, illuminating the space warmly, bouncing off the surface of the brandy in an agreeable way. People carried on happy conversations, fueled by their companions, dinner, and drink.
Ravan listened out of habit, used to paying attention to details. He heard conversations about livestock, weather, betrothalslife. It appealed to him very much, this human interaction.
Sipping the brandy, Ravan was pleased as the liquid fire lit the back of his tongue and throat. It ran hot and welcome into his empty belly, and his mood lightened somewhat. It was not good brandyprobably fermented there at the innbut was flawless to the heart of a free man. It represented not just fire for his blood but freedom for his soul. His mood lightened even more.
He took another sip and contemplated the rest of the room. There were patrons in groups of two or more; he was the only isolated traveler. The others chatted and laughed, ate, dranklived. None regarded him. There was no reason why they should. Gone were the blood and stench, the armor and sword at his side. He was simply a late evening traveler, stopped for respite for himself and a fine horse. Yes, he was alive, if only until this one last campaign was completed.
Listening with idle curiosity to the banter about him, he thought it was a very human moment and very good to be amongst them. He wondered briefly if he ever could become completely comfortable amongst the livingif there was a place for him. Perhaps the tide of the universe invited him; perhaps he belonged after all. This was a curious train of thought, and he freely allowed his mind to go there, to wonder what it would have been like if hed been able to make a life with her.
Stretching, he extended his legs straight, crossed his bootsthe ones his brother had stolen from him and worn to his death upon the gallowsand took another sip of the spirits. No, things would never be normal for one such as him. It was simply not in his fate. Shed said it once, when they first met. The fabric of time does not care about us, Ravannot at all. Careful that you should ever think that it would. That was exactly what she said, and shed been right. It did not.
It was just then that the door to the kitchen swung open, and the maiden approached with his dinner. He pulled himself from the somber direction his mind had wanted to go when she set before him a plate of porridge with boiled onion and roasted fish. There was also a thick slab of bread, generously buttered.
Thank you. His belly growled.
Yes, and there is cake, after, if you wish.
Perhaps. He picked up the wooden spoon and motioned at the simple feast before him. Ive not dined this well for some time. We will see how well I fare with this. He almost smiledalmost.
She lingered as though she wanted to say something more but then appeared to change her mind. Leaving him to his dinner, she returned to tending the rest of the room, and he began to dine. Fish was very common fare in roadside inns. Finer cuts of meat were uncommon and enjoyed mostly by the very wealthy. But Ravan strongly preferred fishalways had, and this was to him a feast of the grandest sort.
He was again reminded of the inn he worked at in his youth. There, theyd had an abundance of all kinds of meatsstag, boar, fish, fowl. Hed been an uncanny predator and had hunted, providing rare and delicate cuts of meat for the Two Fish Inn. But that was another time, another life. He was no longer that boy. Since then hed hunted animal of a much different sort.
Pulling his knife from his belt, he flaked the skin and bone from the fish, turning aside a glistening, white filet. For the first time in months, Ravan ate a wholesome meal, void of vermin or mold. Sipping again of the brandy, he savored every bite, eating slowly, testing how the meal would agree with his gut, reminded of what a sudden, rich diet had done to him in years past. But the meal seemed to be sitting well, and he worked his way through nearly all of it before the front door of the inn slammed open.


CHAPTER FOUR


Tor was tired. Not from plundering, for he still had some spirit for that, but from the long day. His horse was fatigued as well, it appeared, for he continually had to pummel at the animal with his heels to push it onward. Perhaps theyd lately ridden too hard, but it was necessary. Their last plunder had been a narrow escape, the villagers men intent on chasing them for nearly a day before giving up the pursuit. Itd proven worth it, however. Itd been a lean few weeks, but they had more gold to show for it.
But tonight was late enough, he thought, and he wantedyearnedfor respite from his travels. Tomorrow he and his men would rally, for fortune was theirs for the taking, and theyd already amassed a sizable one as it was. This thought was enough to fortify the leader for the last miles ride into the small village that lay nestled in the pristine valley below them.
There were three who rode by his sidethree whod survived to prosper after the killing was done. They were not turncoats; nor were they English or French. No, these men, all except one, were Norse mercenaries and the progeny of the battle at Poitiers. That had been a battle like no other, and it had proven a convincing failure for the French, which placed Tor in a bad position all around.
After the defeat, it was difficult to stand by a King whod been taken during the siege. Yes, King John II had been taken prisoner. It was a blunder of epic proportions, and plundering erupted all over France as a consequence, and not just English against French. Native Noblemen fell from grace as they turned their backs on even their own villagers, and once stable domains fractured and fell to whoever the stronger hand was at the moment. It was a terribly precarious time but profitable for those willing to take advantage of its instability. And there were plenty of those.
These four men were left over from a Scandinavian free company under Evan the Red, whod fought for hire for the French against the English at Poitiers. Theyd since disbanded; Evan had sought war farther north after the terrible battle. Defeat was never easily shrugged off but for a victory in its wake, especially if it was profitable, and so this small clutchhis progenywere enjoying a barbaric aftermath.
This group had chosen to remain in France, and they plundered small French communities on a grand scale. And why shouldnt they? Theyd been commissioned by the Frenchtold they would enjoy victory and the spoils that went with it. But then theyd been thoroughly trounced in the battle; the English archers had flanked them and devastated the French troops, even though theyd been outnumbered by the French nearly two to one. These four menTor and his companyswallowed the failure poorly.
Of the three who were Norse, their ancestors were fierce Vikings. They relished battle and feared next to no one, and the defeat at Poitiers, especially as generously as it had been handed to them, was at first worn as an ill fitting skin. Theyd crawled into holes and crevices to lick their wounds and gather their ambitions, and it hadnt been long before their true ambitions were made very clear.
But Poitiers had been too much. Tor had lost his best steed and five of his dearest comradesnoble warriors, all of themin that dreadful battle. The Black Prince of England had been brilliant. Flanking and re-flanking with a surprise final attack, his troops had nearly slaughtered the French. The losses had been that devastating.
Even now, it was enough to make Tors tongue rancid with regret. Itd been a fiasco, and afterwards, he broke away from Evan, striking out alone to campaign across the French countryside and recoup some of his losses, both in gold and pride. It was ruthless, but shouldnt someone pay?
This notion gave him not even an ounce of discomfort for the indecency of it all. What of it? It was simply the way of the world now, was it not? Frances King was taken, France was at war, chaos was everywhere. People would suffer and be plundered, should suffer and be plundered! But not himno, not he and his men. There would be sufferers and there would be takers, and Tor was determined that he and his own would be takers.
Tor glanced sideways at his first in command, his closest friend. Yeorathe was not Norse, he was a Seljuk Turk. Firmly committed to the rise of the Ottoman Empire, Yeorathe ventured from his home country for foreign campaigns, choosing to indulge in the prosperity of conflict in the west.
In time, Yeorathe had discovered and banded easily with the other three in the group, sharing their general philosophy of pillage until you prosper no more. Hed grown most accustomed to Tor, and their alliance ran nearly as deep as blood, for this was not the first time the barbarian had availed himself for Tors causes.
Of the four, however, Yeorathe enjoyed barbarity just for the sake of it, perhaps more than the others. This, Tor had observed. Yes, Yeorathe was a fierce warrior and loyal to his leaders wishes. But the man thrived on grievous opportunity like fuel to a flame, and the result was sometimes an inferno.
Yeorathe had been nearly broken at Poitiers. The Turkish general had witnessed the horrid fate of his finest steeds to the cunning longbowmen of the English. The animals had thrashed on the bloody field, pierced cruelly through the gut end, both of them. In the wicked battle, Yeorathe also sacrificed an eye.
Itd been awful, and then Yeorathe only narrowly escaped, resigned to flee on a pack animal with barely his life and his skin. It was thoroughly demoralizing for the general, and hed consequently levied his losses against the public at heavy costs, compassion frequently replaced by his unreasonable need for revenge. This Tor also realized about Yeorathe.
Poitiers was nearly four months ago, and Yeorathe had long replaced the pack beast with another steeda fine enough animalstolen from a villager. He long recovered his losses and then some. His humor, however, had not improved but seemed only to ferment. Tor hoped his friends vitality for debauchery would soon be replaced with a vitality for life alone. After all, many of the battle at Poitiers had not survived. Should they not be grateful they could still campaign? Profit from a favorable opportunity? He sighed for the depravity of his closest friend.
To Tors left rode his brother, Kenrick. He suffered in battle as well, pierced through the leg with a spear. Fortunately the wound hadnt proven fatal. Even so, hed been unable to walk for nearly three months as the gash had refused to heal. It left Kenrick sallow and much weaker than he normally was, with a permanent limp, his wounded leg having grown thinner and more wasted as the days had gone byhed also grown quieter. Perhaps, thought Tor, a respite from plundering would do his brother good. Perhaps a layover in this small villageor maybe it was simply time to go home.
He sighed again. The notion of returning to the misty cliffs of his home and watching the sea roll in and out tugged at him. Hed been on foreign soil for nearly a year, and profitable as it was, there was only so much that gold could buy. There was no denying that home called to him. He missed his wife, his clan. Perhaps there was enough gold now. Perhaps his blade should lay to rest for a while. Certainly the French had paid dearly enough for the failure of Poitiers?
But then Tor noticed the fourth in his party. Edging ahead of the rest of the small band was his son, Modred. Barely twenty years of age, the young man had exhibited a natural affinity for battle. Even now his eyes gleamed; he was anxious for their next conquest, their next bout of plundering. He fought brilliantly at Poitiers, taking down at least four of the enemy before being pushed back to the Miosson River. Only a hazardous swim across had spared him his young life, and yet he was unbroken, ready for more. The young man seemed to bask in the brilliance of his youth. His time was now, and he thirsted for conquest. And who was he, his father, to deny it to his son?
Tor struggled to remember when battle had so gallantly called to him, and his heart swelled with pride as he considered his only son. Nothing was dearer to him than this child. The gods had been generous to give him Modred. As if he reading his thoughts, Modred turned, giving his father a nod and a smile.
Perhaps they would have one more engagementjust one. This is what Tor thought. Perhaps this small town would be the perfect place to pillage one last time before turning and heading home. It was well after dark when the four of them rode into the small village and stopped at the inn.

*  *  *

Four entered. They were strongwar hardened, it would appear. All wore the utility of their tradebattle armor, weapons, the stains of other mens blood. And there was an uncivil appearance to their demeanor as well, as though the blood was not yet dry.
The obvious leader of the group took a moment to pass his weary eyes over the room as though mapping an image. As if satisfied, he turned to the bar, leaning a heavy weight against it. By his side stood three more men, two older and one youngernot much younger than Ravan. Their tyranny allowed them immediate command of the humor of all present.
Everyone else in the room pushed away from the energy the four radiated, for it was not inclined toward the good, and no good could come of it.
At the bar, Tor requested mead for himself and his men. The fat man behind the bar poured liberally, likely anticipating good payment for his efforts as these men obviously had coin. Of that there was little doubt. One draught drunk straightaway, the men slammed their mugs onto the wood, demanding more.
Ravan began to rise as though he would leave. The scene was of little consequence to him. He was a seasoned veteran of uncomfortable surroundings and shrugged their presence off with next to no concern. This was what he was most skilled at, reading a situation and knowing when it was best to distance himself from it. Besides, he was full, wanted no more of his dinner, and was tired. The bed upstairs called to him, while the atmosphere no longer did. Hungering for sleep, he stifled a yawn and rose to leave.
Just then, the kitchen door swung open, and the girl, the one whod so kindly assisted him earlier, walked in. Glancing at the four at the bar, she approached Ravan instead.
She smoothed the scarred side of her head with her hand as though she might take attention away from it, and asked, Cake? Would you care for some? Its really very goodthe barley is without mold. I made it myself. She seemed almost proud.
No, thank you, I
Ravan was interrupted by a bellow at the bar. A big man, the one with only one eye and a grisly beard of gray and black strands, had seen the girl.
There it is! She has my other eye! the man bellowed.
Immediate laughter followed from the other three. The rest of the patrons became even quieter, and several edged their way to the exit, evidently deciding the night and whatever secrets it held was a better companion than these men.
The girl glanced away and appeared to subconsciously hide the stump from her missing hand in the folds of her skirt. These men obviously frightened her. Shaken, she spun as though she would return to the kitchen before more attention could be cast her way.
Stepping around her, with every intention that he might shield her, Ravan turned his back to the men and said to her in a low voice, I will have the cake after all. Perhaps if you went for it now. He took her elbow, gently directing her toward the kitchen before returning to his lone table in the shadowed corner.
Motioning for another brandy, he leaned back in his chair to study the four at the bar. His eyes narrowed at what he saw, for hed seen their like before, seen them often enough. Ravan did one of the things he did best; he very quickly analyzed and sized up his enemy, for that is what these men had becomehis enemy.
But Ravan was a mercenary without a significant weapon, and he was particularly outnumbered. There was no way to remedy that now, and it would not be the first time he was outnumbered and outweaponed. Instead, he drew from deep within himself his greatest weapon of allhis cunning.
Briefly, he was reminded of a long nights flight in the woods when he was only a boy. Itd been horrible and magnificent all at once, what he did to the band of men and what theyd eventually done to him. This caused the hair to rise on his arms and the back of his neck. His breathing deepened, his heart beat faster, and his blood coursed stronger through his veins. If hed been able to see his own face, hed have seen his pupils dilate. All the while, he studied the men at the bar.
Tor and his men had focused their attention on their second round of drinks. They were obviously in high spirits and, for the most part, oblivious of all others in the room. That was the first thing Ravan noticed, and he thought their recklessness branded them as opportunists, not elite warriors. Even so, they were formidable, for they had strength, weapons, and numbers.
A few more travelers took the opportunity to leave. The fire was inviting, but the mood no longer was, and so they found their rooms or the stables if they could afford no better. Few remained, only a couple clusters of men in small groups. No one was immune to the disposition of the four who invaded the serenity of the small inn. They were familiar in a bad way, more a part of the mantle that France recently wore. It was an unhappy state of the times, and these men were just more of the destruction that was inevitable. Wait long enough and it would land bitterly on the tongue of any who lived in this world.
Ravan nearly closed his eyes, dark slits in the shadows. He peered sideways at the four, studying them further as he took another sip of his second brandy of the night.
The one-eyed man sported a double handed Norse axe, and it was a brutal weapon. It reminded Ravan of a friend hed known some time ago, a warrior hed seen cleave a man in two with a weapon similar to this one, only much larger. No, this man was not near the man the giant had been. For some reason, the very presence of this one insulted the memory of LanCoste, and Ravans mood blackened.
Tor, the leaderalthough Ravan could not have known his namecarried a halberd as did the weaker of the four men, the one who took up a spot directly at the leaders elbow and resembled him a great deal, only thinner. A brother, Ravan thought, and less sound than the others. This man also had a sword at his side.
The youngest had laughed the loudest and swung his drink over his head before partaking. His eyes carried the greatest vitality of the four, but he appeared subservient to the wishes of the others, parroting them somewhat. He had strapped at his waist a sword, nearly too long for his arm, but more significantly, on his back was a longbow.
Ravan squinted to see the detail of this weapon. It was a good bow, better than average, and had a generous quiver of respectable arrows strapped beside it. This interested him the mostthis and the fact that all of the men chose not to dismantle their weapons in the tavern.
These men were infantry, likely seasoned, but not French. Their armors were above average and well worn. They were hardened and had the stench to prove it. Even from the distance, Ravan could smell it. He was not offended by it, though. It was simply familiar to him and an indication of how brutal these men could be should they wish.
The kitchen door swung open again, and in swept the girla generous slice of cake balanced on a wooden plate and hiding the stump of her arm. She seemed nervous as she set the plate down, and Ravan thanked her with just his eyes before again scrutinizing the four at the bar.
This set into motion a curious chain of events, for the one-eyed general noticed and seemed to take offense at being appraised by the thinner man sitting mostly hidden in the shadows.
Yeorathe swung his girth to face the stranger but focused his comment to the girl. Come here. I need food and will have that, or you will return to me the eye youve stolen. It appeared he would step toward her if she did not comply.
Ill fetch plates now, she said swiftly and ducked as though she might return to the kitchen.
No, you wont, the big man shot and stepped into her path, reaching for a hand that wasnt there. This surprised him, certainly not in horror, for hed likely seen amputations before, but in mere surprise.
The wench! She is handless as well! How will the one handed bitch gratify me now? He laughed heartily, but there was no smile on the face of one as cruel as he. His lips pulled into a loathsome leer, revealing an appalling collection of teeth. With her mouth, she will he said coarsely, and reached for the girls good arm.
Ravan was straight out of his chair. It was not his nature to do so, but he laid his hand on the generals shoulder and held him firmly at bay. She was just going for my dinner. You can toy with her later, but I wish to eat. As he spoke, with his other arm he swept the girl behind himself and reached smoothly for the knife at his waist.
The general hadnt seen the gesture, subtle as it was, but chose to look Ravan up and down. Apparently deciding the thinner man was no real threat, he said simply, And with what will you pay, for your dinner I mean, since your coin will now buy mine? The man laughed, drew his sword, and stepped back, leveling the sword at the only-four-days-freed mercenary.
Go, Ravan shot over his shoulder to the girl, indicating the kitchen door.
No! the general commanded and swung his sword to block her. The girl stays. I am not done with her, nor will I be for some time!
Yeorathe glanced at the man behind the bar but was answered with only a shrug. Obviously the inn owner had no vested loyalty to the handless waif that worked his establishment. The warrior would have no objection from him, and so Yeorathe evidently believed he would have his sport with her as he wished.
By now, the other three men were gathering around their comrade. Tor stood wordless and with arms crossed on his chest, seemingly only mildly curious, almost bored of how his general would pillage his intended spoils of this singular man and the handless maiden who was cowering behind the stranger.
Modred edged his way forward, his youth pulling him foolishly closer to the front of the fray. As though from weary obligation, the fourththe lame oneedged behind Tor, naturally protecting the leaders flank.
She is my sister and will get your food. Ravan sneered as he shoved the girl toward the rear exit. She is hideous and otherwise worthless. She should be of no other concern to you.
Sister or not, she will service me! The one-eyed generals intent was clearly obvious when he thrust his sword at her again, as though he would keep her from leaving the room. He spat at the girl, I am road weary, and you will satisfy enough of what I intend to have tonight. Yeorathe stepped toward Ravan, perhaps expecting him to retreat.
This was a poor move, for he could not know that even though the stranger was a solitary traveler, the mercenary he challenged had not only battle hardened experience and reflexes, he had the wits of a warriora supremely seasoned warrior and one used to surviving the worst battle had to offer. The four in front of him could not know this was Ravan, polished and honed by Duval, tempered by death, driven by a lifetime of cruelty. This mercenary had neither the patience nor the stomach for what the band of men intended, and it was to their peril that they challenged him now.
The fourththe weariest one who resembled the leaderlimped forward, his hand loosely removing his sword. Wounded though he was, he appeared to carry governance of the group, and spoke to Ravan on behalf of Tor.
You will stand down and concede subservience. You shall also hand over the girl, for you are not only outnumbered, you are now subjugated. Your assets are henceforth ours. I command you, on your knees before Yeorathe. He motioned with his sword that Ravan should kneel before the one-eyed lecher.
The brother of Tor evidently expected no argument from the thin, dark stranger for his stance was almost casual. His mistake could not be more mortal. With a blinding flash, Ravan swept the blade across what he knew would be the most vulnerable part of the mans arm, intending to straightaway disable him. The bladesmiths talent displayed itself perfectly as the knife cut easily through the leather buckles that held the forearm plate to the upper arm. Into flesh the weapon drove, severing in one swipe the tendons and, more critically, the brachial artery.
Kenrick would rage briefly if he chose, but weakness would come for him in moments, and death would be his within minutes. The other three were, for and instant, distracted by the arc of blood that sprayed from the mans arm.
Ravan knew he had only seconds, and he instinctively focused on the three that remained. The halberds and ax were a great concern, for he had no good defense against them. But as the weakest was injured, he stepped in, swooped up the mans sword and spinning, pointed it at the youngest soldier.
Do you wish to die tonight? His voice held the cold promise of death, and it was enough to cause Modred to pause, eyes wide as he stared down the blade.
Ravan hissed over his shoulder to the girl, Horse, indicating she should be gone for the mare. The maiden disappeared through the back door as the other three men threw themselves at the mercenary. Ravan had only a seconds notice to block the rage bent upon him. He feinted the weight of the one-eyed generals battle axe with the borrowed sword as he stumbled backward, away from them and toward the fire.
Tor raged to the front, infuriated by the mortal injury his brother had sustained. Sweeping his cup from the nearby table, Ravan splashed the full brandy into the face of their leader before heaving the table at all three of them. Turning, he reached the hearth in two long steps. Grasping the coal bucket, he swept it through the fire, and spinning, threw itbucket, embers, and burning woodat Tor as they charged around the overturned table.
Instantly, the brandy erupted on the mans face, lighting his hair and beard ablaze. This was enough to give the other two further pause. The youngest was obviously thrown off that his father was on fire.
The mettle of the dark man whod erupted like a demon from the shadowed corner of the room, disabling two of them in quick order, had surely not been what they expected. Even so, it was still two against one. Ravan took this moment to plunge for the stairs, pulling in his wake another table as he charged the steps three at a time. It wouldnt be long before three men would be after him, albeit one burnt considerably.
Crashing through his door, he barred it swiftly and set to work. He could hear the commotion working its way up the stairs and down the hall as he swept up his longbow and arrows, heaved the window ajar, and tossed the sword and bow out. Then, dangling out the window himself, he let go and tumbled nearly ten feet to the ground.
The earth was slick with frost, and he slipped, falling heavily onto his back, the breath knocked hard from him as he did. Ravan was leaner than he normally liked to be and sucked wind as he groaned and rolled over. Trying to force himself to his knees, he reached for his bow, arrows, and sword.
Tors son was the first one to break into the room. The door bar was weak, and the young mans strong shoulder broke through it easily. He ran to the window in time to pull an arrow and seat it on the rest. As he drew back, Ravan rolled and scrambled, desperately trying to get out of the mans line of sight. But the arrow Modred launched cut Ravan at the flesh of his shoulder through and through.
Ravan was not even immediately aware that hed been hit and, fortunately, it connected neither with bone nor tendon. He kicked, clambering farther out of range nearer to the side of the building, and struggled to his feet, girding himself at the waist and securing the sword and bow as he ran behind the inn for the stables.
There she was, drawing his steed from the barn with her only good hand, steadying the horse with the stump of the other arm as she whispered to the nervous mare.
Whoatheres a good girl. The womans one eye was tear filled and wide with fear as the mercenary sprinted up to her. She reached as though she would hand the reins to Ravan. Here you go. Shes ready to
Up you go, he said simply and grasped the reins before reaching his other arm around her.
Hoisting her easily, he heaved the surprised girl up onto the back of the horse. He swung up behind her, and the mare reared, not accustomed to the weight of two on her back. Ravan drove his heels into her sides and pulled her head about, effectively putting the steed back onto the ground. Then he gave the horse her head, nearly running over a still smoldering Tor as they stampeded from the establishment grounds and out onto open road.
It wasnt long before the three remaining were mounted and giving chase. Tors brother was already bled out and dead on the tavern floor, as Ravan had wished it. Before long, they had their horses, but the warriors were out matched for the mare ran frenzied, taken completely with her superior breeding, and covered ground much faster than the ones who trailed after her.
Even so, Ravan knew his horse, already fatigued from their long journey, would tire first with the weight of him and the girl. Consequently, he did a wise thing. He took his mount to higher ground, pressing her to climb while she still could. The knoll was only a mile or so away, and up, up they flew to the top of the hill and into a small stand of trees. He swung from the blowing horse, tossing the reins to the girl as he did.
Hold her, he commanded as he whipped his bow from his back.
The girl struggled to keep the mare from bolting away with her and began, But, I dont
Silence! Ravan hushed her as the maiden held the horse. The mercenary stood on the knoll, unmoving, squinting into the blackness from which theyd come. He listened intently until, in the distance, he heard the hooves of the galloping horses. Then, he could pick out the three men as they thundered up the long hill, following his trail. Evidently theyd not yet seen him.
Pulling an arrow and seating it on the guide, the mercenary rejoiced in the familiarity of what he would now do. He drew the longbow, narrowed his eyes and picked his targetthe youngest one. Blood ran down his shoulder and arm, dripped from his fingertips from the wound the young longbowman had given him. His fingers were sticky upon the fletching of the arrow as he pulled the bow, as the arrow feathers brushed his cheek.
He would take this target first for, youngest though he was, he was the most deadly of the three simply for the skill he possessed. Then, the other two would have to catch himchase him down to engage him further.
Taking a deep breath, Ravan exhaled slowly, allowing the urgency of the moment to sweep from him. This he knew; this was as familiar to him as the beat of his own heart. He picked his target, closed one eye, and let go.
The arrow soared, found its mark, and killed the young man straightaway. It was as it always was. The victim was moving, alive, and with purpose when suddenly he hit a wall that knocked from him all things reasonable. Consequently, the youngest toppled and fell, dead before he hit the ground. Ravan had gambled on somethingthat the youth was the son of the burnt leader, and hed been right.
The leader pulled up short with a cry of deep outrage and ran to the aid of his fallen, dead son. That left only the one-eyed general in pursuitthe would-be rapist. But his allegiance was evidently for the man who cradled his dead son, and Yeorathe quit his chase in short order to return to the side of Tor.
Ravan dropped the bow to his hip and narrowed his eyes to evaluate, taking immediate stock of the consequences. What burned through his thoughts were strategic clips of what had happened, what he must do next, what was reasonable to ensure his survival. It was the definition of what Ravan was, as precise as a dying moment.
The youngest mans horse bolted when its rider fell and run back from where itd come, but Ravan still could not find a clear shot to either of the two men who remained standing. The one-eyed general had cleverly positioned the remaining two horses in front of them as cover. Yes, Ravan thought to himself, these men have seen battle before. But so have I.
No matter. He aligned himself and struck the horses with two more shots. The first staggered as if in slow motion, its neck bent around as it gnashed at the wound in its side. Then, it tumbled to the ground. The other horse, lamed in the shoulder by the arrow, limped in a circle around the men before Ravan felled it with a final shot.
Horseless, the two remaining men were quite vulnerable. Hiding behind the carcasses of the fallen animals, they managed to remain fairly hidden and out of reach. Not certain if either of the men had bow skills, Ravan realized that he was now the greater target, standing in the open on the hilltop as he was. He aligned one last shot, hesitated, and withdrew the arrow, instead replacing it in the quiver. Turning away, Ravan swung onto his horse, up behind the girl, gathered the reins, and reeled the mare about. Off they galloped into the night, leaving the grisly scene behind.
Tor lived. Years from nowRavan would regret this.


CHAPTER FIVE


The baptism was set for the next morning, and yet, Nicolette had no name for her infant son. Since she first shared her concern of it with Moulin, shed spoken of it rarely, and only to arrange the few details of the ceremony. She was particular about the day and time, canceling it twice because something was, just not as it should be.
Now the time was close at hand. She laid the babe back into the bassinet and spoke softly to Moulin. I have no name for this child.
It troubled Moulin that she should struggle with such a thing so personal as naming her own son, for it was not like Nicolette to be so uncertain of anything. Shed commanded, in less than a season, superb reign of the dynasty as though itd been nothing. Yet, she could not choose a name for the bastard child.
It was a bastard. All knew this, but none spoke of it. It had been the mercenary, the dreaded one whod taken her and absconded with her into the night, whod fathered the child. Thatd been a dreadful and treacherous time for all the township as they feared the unreasonable wrath of the despot ruler who remainedAdorno. Few details were known of the flight other than Adorno had given chase with a sizable militia and returned with his bride to be, telling all who would listen that the mercenary fiend was dead and cold in the ground.
To the surprise of all, Nicolette had agreed to marry Adorno. The ceremony officially united them, but not before her belly had barely swollen with child. All wondered as to the true father of the baby, but Moulin knew. It was not Adornos.
For all his philanderings, for all his rapes, Adorno had never produced a child. It was common belief that he could not, and after bartering for Ravans life, the black haired beauty had forbidden Adorno to touch her until their wedding night. This Moulin knew, for shed demanded this and been sheltered at the opposite side of the castle until that fateful day when he took her as his bride. And yet, there was no disputing that she was with child.
Then she professed her vows. That had been a wondrous and terrible day. The whole township rejoiced as the ethereal bride, dressed in a gown of darkest blue, wed the tyrant ruler. It must be a strange woman to capture the heart of one so evil, and every soul in the realm prayed she might temper his rage, abate his cruelty. However, there was no time to discover if this would be so. The belief that she might quell the tide of brutality had no chance to be tested, for Adorno was murdered that very eve in his wedding chambers.
Moulin staggered visibly as he recalled that astonishing night. He was at post outside the newlywed chambers when Nicolette appeared at her bridal doors, covered in the blood of her husband. Adorno, Moulin discovered, was still naked on his wedding bed. The bladeNicolettes daggerhad been driven into his back. It was a horrid sight but had wondrously rid the domain of a dreadful oppression.
So quickly the awful event was buried and forgotten. All secretly rejoiced in the death of Adorno, although no one did so openly to the lovely noblewoman who took command of the domain. Care was taken that she should not be insulted or defamed, especially in her delicate condition, for not only did they have a new ruler, the realm would have an heir.
But Moulin knew. He knew Nicolette had impaled her new husband on their wedding night, even as Adorno had consummated his marriage to her. The corpse had lain on the bed, his erection still evident, blood spewn from his mouth, the blade at his side. Moulin had covered the hideous sight at once, unable to look upon it.
Itd been a perfect, calculated murder, and she appeared unhinged by it not at all. Such nerve it must have taken to pierce him through the back as hed taken her, to penetrate him as he penetrated her! But Nicolette could do this. Of course she could; Moulin was certain of it.
Struggling with the details that he alone had known, he helped seal the body in its murderous tombhad the greatest hand in closing the evil ruler away forever. The room and all its windows were paved from the inside with rock. Even the door had been unhinged and filled with mortar and stone. In time, perhaps, all would cease to know, wonder, or remember what lay behind it.
Never had Nicolette spoken of the murder after that night, and never had she confessed openly to the deed. Instead, she manipulated it supremely, placing herself in a position of piteous regard and power. All mourned the dark beautys loss. All eventually rejoiced in her reign. Itd been a murder sent from God. All hail their new leader, for she was an answered prayer if ever there was one.
These were Moulins thoughts when Nicolette cleared her throat, gently drawing her closest aid back to the present. Moulin
It shook him to hear her speak his name. It always did. He stammered as he drew himself back from the events of that fateful night. It shouldnt be so difficult. There are many good names fit for the son of one sosofaultless as yourself. He was embarrassed. Hed immediately said more than he intended and turned his face from her so that she could not see the flush draw across his cheeks.
You believe I rule the domain well? Or you are saying
Moulin glanced her way but felt his eyes betrayed his longing for her. He hastily interrupted before she could put to words a notion of his feelings for her. That would be more than he could bear.
You are a blessing to this dynasty, my Lady. None could be so kindso strong, and yet He let his words fall silent.
Moulin allowed his heart to dispute for certain the circumstances of Nicolettes feelings for the father of this child. Unable to accept the more likely possibility, he struggled with whether the mercenary had raped her or shed gone willingly into his arms. Shed named the Dynasty for him, after all, but returned without him and never again spoke of him, even when the child was born. Some murmured the specifics of the affair, but these were vague and without detail. Other than Nicolette, only one knew for sure, and he was rotting in a closed off tomb in the other end of this very castle.
It was no secret that Ravan had taken down a sizable force on a cliff side before Adorno ultimately captured his bride from the mercenarys clutches. The soldiers were amazed, spoke of how Nicolette had ridden away from the whole affair as though utterly untouched by the drama that had unfolded before her. Adorno had agreed to her barter, and the mercenary was then sent to his final fate. After that, Nicolette had evidently troubled herself with it no more.
She paused from stroking the soft hair of her son long enough to glance sideways at her personal castellan. You flatter me?
Moulin caught himself, worked his hands nervously behind his back. My Lady, it is no secret that you are a gift to your people. They love you. All he struggled, love you. Nicolette held him with her gaze much longer than he could tolerate, and he averted his eyes, studying his feet instead.
She appeared not to acknowledge what he nearly said and murmured instead, in a voice as silken smooth as a midnight lake, But as for the name 
She pulled the tiny blanket over the baby and rested a hand upon the child, This one feels lost to me. I cannot say why, but perhaps I struggle because of it. She abruptly lifted her gaze to Moulin and said with finality, If I do not name the child by tonight, I should wish that you would do so for the sake of the people of this domain.
My Lady Moulin was stunned by the offer. To ask such a personal thing of himcould it mean? Did she have feelings enough for him that she would want such a privilege to be his alone, that he should name the sole heir to the Ravan dynasty? He was moved beyond words and swallowed the thickness that threatened to leap from the back of his throat. Hoarsely, he continued, I would be honored, my Lady. A fine name I would choose if you so wish it of me.
He did not want to appear weak in front of her, although he was hugely intimidated by such a task as this. It occurred to him that hed never even held this child. Perhaps she meant that her son should have a father of sorts. Perhaps
She studied him, her dark eyes fathomless to him. He invariably struggled as he tried to read her, failed, and was embarrassed without knowing why. As always, he looked away first.
As though she either did not notice or wasnt concerned, she focused again on the child. It seemed she was just about to say something more when there was a commotion coming from outside, from through the gatehouse and into the main courtyard below. Her fourth story balcony doors were closed, but they could hear the clambering excitement from beyond as the wind carried the noise up to them. Nicolette walked urgently to the doors to see what the disturbance was about. Moulin could see her eyes fly wide as though shed seen something astonishing.
My Lady! No, you mustnt! he reached for her arm. It could put you in harms way!
But it was too late. Shed already flung the doors open and was out on the balcony, hands clutching the railing as she stared at the scene unfolding in the yard.
This was the last futile attempt by Moulin to capture the love of the strange beauty, for there in the courtyard below was the dark mercenary, risen from deaths grasp.
No! Moulin hissed to himself as he looked over her shoulder, spied the true father of the unnamed, bastard child. Nicolette appeared not to have heard him at all. Instead she was intently absorbed with what she saw.
On a horse sat a mercenary with a young woman seated behind. The steed was nervous, spun in circles, surrounded by guards who kept the unexpected visitors at bay, spears pointed. Ravan was arguing, had pulled his sword, and a guard seemed prepared to strike at him when their Lady called for them to immediately halt. Her voice rang clearly across the cool evening air. All were silenced as they gazed up at Nicolette, at their fair leader far above them on the castle balcony.
Next, the only sound was the deep voice of a man come home. It carried up on the chill breeze as Ravans eyes found those of his lover. Nicolette!
She whirled in an instant and flew from the balcony. Then, Nicolette was gone from her chambers before she even had the chance to hear Moulins heart crash to the floor.

Later

Ravan approached the edge of the cradle almost cautiously. Shed surprised him thoroughly, told him she had a gift for him. Now, here was a child. Glancing over his shoulder, he allowed his eyes to take in all of Nicolette, all of the beauty that stood placidly behind him, allowing him the privacy of his first moments with his newborn son.
It scarcely surprised Ravan that Nicolette had dethroned the wicked Adorno. She did not go into any great detail of the event, had shrugged it off as though it were nothing, saying simply, He is gone, never to return. We need speak of him no more. But the mercenary knew in his heart that she must have done it superbly. Admittedly, he imagined the torturous fate the little man had likely suffered, and it gave him some gratification.
But thisa child. He was visibly overcome. First, to once again have Nicolettethe woman he lovedby his side. Then to see the child born unknown to him as hed languished in a prison cell.
He asked again of the peculiar beauty behind him, not doubting that he was the father but in genuine amazement, He is my son?
He is.
My son, he murmured to himself alone and reached for the sleeping babe. It was an awkward moment, but Nicolette made no move to assist him.
Ravan turned the baby upright and laid his sons face to his shoulder, rubbed his cheek against the downy fluff of infant hair. He was more overcome with joy at this moment than hed been in his entire life, and he believed his heart could burst; he could scarcely breathe. He tried to remember if hed ever held a baby, someone this small, and a far gone memory of an orphanage, cradling an infant thrust into his arms in a moments need of comfort, filtered back to him. He smiled. It was a good memory, a powerful one, and this was a glorious moment as well.
The baby objected to his short beard, mewling in a way that broke his fathers heart so perfectly. Holding his son up so that he could see full well the face of his offspring, he was stricken, deeply affected by a likeness of this child to someone hed only recently known.
He he struggled, swallowing his disbelief, he looks like my brother.
This brought a curious rise to a thin eyebrow of his beloved Nicolette. The brother who spared you, who died for you?
Yes, the same. Ravan had neglected to mention Data was his twin. We are twins, he said it as though his brother might at any moment walk through the door. Gazing up from beneath a tortured brow with eyes full both of happiness and sorrow, he said, Nicolette, my sonhe looks like Data.
Nicloettes eyes flashed in surprise, then she let go a rare, fleeting smile. Your son, my love, looks like you.
Ravan was astounded to hear her say such a thing. He cradled the now awakened child, fumbling so that he could see directly the face of his son. The baby did not cry but struggled to focus on the shadowed face of his father, and the mercenarys eyes filled with tears.
He is my brother returned, he exclaimed, and hugged the child gently, dearly, to his chest. He is risen. It is a good sign, Nicolette. He has overcome! Then, the beaten man, worn and road-weary, too thin and exhausted, asked, What is his name?
He has none. Your son has no name. His baptism is tomorrow morning.
This surprised Ravan somewhat, but then it did not. Shed not named the infant, had felt no need to. That was Nicolette in her entirety. What she shared with the child had no need of definitionno need of a name. She would no more name her baby than a wild creature of the forest would name its offspring. It was simply a matter of no reasonable consideration to her.
He cradled the baby, so tiny in his arms, and rocked him awkwardly, gently, gazing into the bright eyes of the heir to the Ravan Dynasty. Risen, he murmured to the child. Yourname should be Risen, for with your birth my brother has overcome death.
Nicolette paused, seemed to consider this for a bit, then nodded. Yes, your brother is risen, and your son shall overcome. It is a good name. Risen it is, then.
The infant was drifting off to sleep now, and the mercenary placed his son into the cradle. He turned to Nicolette, overwhelmed with his grand turn of fortune. She held him with her eyes, invited him back into her life simply by the expression on her face. Then, another sort of passion overcame him, and the two, once separated by bad fortune, were reunited in an unparalleled way. Their love denied fate, for it was as Nicolette believed, only what they devised of it. Their destiny was their own.
Ravan advanced on his lover, shedding in only a few steps the remains of a long and arduous journey. With his clothes fell a lifetime of struggle and strife. Naked, he lifted Nicolette, laying her tenderly upon the bed. He plucked at her lacings, not at all certain how to undress her.
Help me, he murmured urgently, and her hands went to his, showing him where and how to release the catches of her gowns. His impatience nearly had the best of him when he at last flung the remnants of the gowns from the bed to the floor.
Ten months of imprisonment, the loss of his brother, and his harrowing trip back were released from him now. Outside, a storm gained sudden momentum. Torrents of rain swept across the window pane as he lifted himself over her, easing himself into the body of the woman he loved before rolling over her as the wind does the sea.
She embraced him tightly, ran her hands down the back of her lover as though feeling thoroughly the too thin frame of the man who was the true father of her son. They consummated their reunion against the backdrop of the thunderstorm beyond, lightning illuminating their bodies in flashes, Ravans tawny skin and black hair devouring the white beauty beneath him.
An hour after his arrival at the Ravan Dynastythe mercenary fathered his daughter.

*  *  *

That was a wonderful time. Ravan, home at last, slept for days on end. When he awoke, began to stir about the castle grounds, he was quickly known and well received. The couturier in short order made new clothes for him, fine leather trousers and tunics, new boots and gloves. He was magnificently armored, overseeing the makings of the plates to his own specifications.
Having access to the forge, Ravan made a sword and knife, both worthy of the man who would carry them, arrow tips as fine as hed ever fashioned, and a coat of arms for his shield. The blacksmith was in awe, and the mercenary showed him the secrets of his craft, inviting him to outfit all the soldiers of the realm as finely.
He spent long hours with Nicolette and Risen, lying in bed with his son tucked between them, watching the season change as though it were insane, dancing past their bedroom window. Never had he known such luxury. Never had his heart been at such peace. It was as though he fell from a nightmare into a dreamthis new life that had opened itself up to him. And all because of the blessed sacrifice of his brother. Ravan was overjoyed with this gift and took not a single moment of it for granted. For long stretches, when he was alone, he spoke to Data, told him of his great fortune, thanked him for the gift. It was the first time he felt truly attached to the divinity of the universe.
It took some time for the domain to familiarize itself with the man who stood beside their beautiful Nicolette, but as months went by and her belly grew once more with child, the realm and all within rejoiced in the birth of a daughter. Niveus, so named for she was white as the late spring snow storm that blanketed the world outside at her birth, had not an ounce of hair and eyes pink as a cherry blossom. Eventually, her hair would grow in, also white as a December moon.
As years passed, all grew to know the heart of the mercenary become ruler and rejoiced in his compassion. Gone were his bruises, replaced with muscle and sinew as he reveled in his newfound freedom and the authority of the dynasty that bore his name. Likewise, the throne and church were pleased with the stability of the realm.
Eventually marrying for the sake of posterity, he and Nicolette ruled the land together. The marethe one Ravan bought when he was freed of the prisonwas bred to the black Destrier stallion, and a lineage of horses finer than any in the region was born.
Moira, the maiden with the single hand, became caregiver to their children, delighting in the unusual family that seemed so prepared to take her in as one of their own. Moulin swallowed his heart, hid his feelings for Nicolette, and committed himself to them supremely.
The Ravan Dynasty flourished, years passed, and the children grew.


CHAPTER SIX

ElevenYears later

The boy sat on the snowy ledge of a small, earthy overhang. It overlooked the hidden forest pool directly below him. A very cold day, the edges of the water were a delicate sheet of thin, frozen shards of ice, reaching their fingers as though they might cross, might reach the other side and claim the expanse for themselves. Beneath the ice could only be seen the murky, deep water of the winter pool.
The tight, forested shore, except for below the embankment the boy sat upon, was fairly shallow and pebble lined. Away in the narrow valley, the creek cascaded in several small waterfalls before bouncing farther down the wooded hillside. There was not a single sound in the woods today, save the voice of the icy stream. The boy could hear, very clearly, his own heartbeat in his ears.
As he sat, contemplating his dangling feet in the limited light of the evenings winter day, it somehow seemed familiar, as though hed been here before. He hadnt, of course, but he believed very firmly that he had dreamed it, down to the very last detail.
The pool itself was nearly five meters across, not too large but deep enough, the boy thought, that he could likely not stand up in the middle. He was long-legged and awkward, his knees and feet still too big for him, and his thin frame was not yet filled in. His shoulders, however, were wide and his torso long, a sign of the man he would one day become.
He took another deep breath, tried to slow the heartbeat that drummed in his ears. His throat felt thicker than he thought it ordinarily should. Peering at the water, he studied it closely, as though he must be supremely familiar with it, and murmured to himself again, Hold breath, count, control, breathe out, face above water, shallows, crawl, strip, fire, survive.
It was an odd string of mumblings, and just when a bystander might wonder at the sanity of the boy, he leapt from the snow covered ledge. Down, down he fell, dropping nearly three meters before landing in a deeper part of the pool. Into the water he crashed, and under he went with a cascade of snow, frozen pebbles, and dirt. The smooth sheet of ice was no more, instantly destroyed. Jagged, frozen blades of what remained of it danced on the surface of the water as the boy remained submerged.
When he thrashed to the surface, his eyes were as large as theyd ever been. He was stricken, unable to breath, and his fists beat the surface of the water as though he would sink straightaway. For the greatest span of time it appeared he would not breathe.
Finally, he gasped and cried out hoarsely, Aaahhgghh! his cry echoing down the frozen forest valley and off the timbered hillsides. His breathing caught again, and his eyes widened even more, his face turning purple with his effort to draw a breath. But he could not. His lungs refused to obey, for the water had been too cold.
Swimming frantically, he struggled to the edge of the pool but remained in the water, not attempting to crawl out. Instead, he remained squatting only a few feet from the shore. When a gasping, agonizing breath squeaked out past his vocal cords, he cautiously drew yet another painful, pinched breath in. Again, he exhaled only with great effort. It grated from him in an agonizing way, but he drew in another and another, repeating the process several times before he was finally breathing again.
His eyes watered as he counted with a husky voice, four, five, sixsweet mother, this hurtsseven, eight
When the count approached fifty, the boy crawled from the water, on hands and knees, and scrambled awkwardly to solid ground. Straightaway, he struggled to stand and strip from his clothes. Now, entirely naked, he dropped to the snowy forest floor and counted aloud again as he executed ten push-ups. Then, clawing at the snow at the base of a nearby tree, he exposed and snatched up a few twigs and small branches.
Trembling and unsteady, the boy staggered to his supply sack and pulled from it tinder chips, a handful of dried grass, a small square of char cloth, and his flint and steel. He quickly picked a spot, patting and smoothing the snow flat before forcing his fingers to mold the elements into a small bowl. Then he tucked the char cloth within the bowl and knelt directly on the frozen forest floor. Steam rose from his body, but very soon his skin would be too cold to evaporate the water, and ice would form.
Short, fast the boys teeth chattered as he blinked hard, trying to maintain focus on his task.
He clutched the steel in his left hand, gripped the flint in his rightand struck. Nothing. He struck it two more times before a spark flew wide, disappearing into the snow.
Steeper, his teeth rattled as he urgently coached himself, and he desperately struck the steel again. The flint flew from his fingers into a small berm of snow, and he dropped his head, panic threatening. Icant! I cant do this!
He thought he might cry but didnt. Slowing his breathing, he tried to focus, scanning furtively to where the tool had disappeared. Plunging his hands into the snow berm, he searched for the flint. Water dripped from his dark hair and froze in tiny icicles as he scuffed at the snow, his fingers finally wrapping around the prize. His fingertips were pallid when he held the flint up, and steam no longer rose from his freezing body.
He knelt again at the edge of the tinder bowl, eyes closed, barely whispering from between blueing lips to himself, I am Risen. I will overcome. I can do this. His breathing slowed further, and his hands steadied. He struck the flint once more.
Into the tinder bowl went the spark of steel. It glowed from its perch on the char cloth. Risens eyes flew wide, and he leaned near enough to enclose the spark with the puff grass. Breathing softly onto it, his hands trembled terribly as he cupped them around the all of it. Willing his hands to steady, he blew another soft breath across the gently glowing fleck of burning steel.
Smoke curled in a delicate wisp and was swept away in the cold air so fast Risen hardly believed hed seen it. Another soft breath. In seconds a small flame lapped at the dried grass and tindera tiny blaze of life as the spark took hold.
YES! the boy cried aloud, and cried again, Yes!
He swiftly stacked, criss-cross and in a small peak, the twigs and small branches, being very careful to allow enough air to support the tiny fire. When he was sure it would stay lit, he scavenged briefly for a few larger branches to feed it further. Now, thoroughly numb, he danced in place next to the growing flame as it roared to life. Grasping handfuls of snow, he scrubbed hard his numb arms, belly, thighs, shedding the fine sheet of frozen ice from them as he willed circulation back into his skin.
The numbness was swiftly replaced with paina good sign, he knewand he continued to dance, one foot to the other, next to the fire. When he was steady enough, he went for a nearby log. Brushing the snow from it, he dragged it with some effort close to the fire. Then he went for his clothes and boots. Sitting on the log, he pulled his feet for the first time up and off the ground. With his feet finally out of the snow, he perched naked on the log and went to work. His toes were still a faint blue, and he rubbed one foot and then the next between the palms of his hands, forcing the circulation back into them.
He let the fire scorch his skin as he strung his jacket up on several branches behind himself to create a small canopy of sorts, to trap the warmth from the fire and feed it back onto him as well as break the soft breeze. Next, he trussed his clothes, socks, and boots up close enough to the fire to dry without burning.
Fueling the flames to an angry roar, Risen started to get feeling back in his lips and hands first. Careful not to burn his feet, he rubbed them further until the prickly, tingling feeling showed up. At last, the sensation of warmth returned.

*  *  *

Good, Ravan said, and the mercenary sat down next to his naked and thawing son. Draping a blanket around the shoulders of the boy, he asked, What did you feel first?
Panic. I couldnt breathe. It closed my throat when I hit the water. I thought I was going to suffocate.
Risen pulled the blanket beneath his buttocks and tucked his legs up so that he was enshrouded in it, holding the edges of it up at the sides so the front of him was exposed to the warmth of the blaze. The firelight danced across his young features in a beautiful way, and his pale skin turned from an ashen pink back to the amber that it normally was.
Ravan was taken by how much his son resembled someone he once knew, someone who visited him on a lonely night, sat with him in his darkest hour. He tried to focus on the lesson. That is the greatest risk, my son. You must not panic, must not try to breathe in when this happens. He gestured with a rolling motion of his hand. Blow the air out. If you suck your breath in too hard when you cannot breathe, when your throat is closed, it will hurt your chest, and your lungs will suffer. I have seen this happen. Then, it is like drowning all over again, only this time you would not survive.
I tried to think about thatbreathe out firsttried to remember, and it helped. My throat finally opened, and then I could take the air in. But it hurt. I had to really concentrate. I just wanted to draw the air in so badly!
Yes, and then?
Pain. It was so painful in the cold! How fast that passed, though, and then I couldnt feel anything. It made my thoughtsslow, almost sleepy. I was worried, crawling out, that when I stood my feet would just break off. I couldnt tell if my ankles were working.
So you were careful getting out.
Yes, very.
And if itd been an ice shelf? If youd fallen through a lake and had a ways to go before you reached the shore?
I would have belly crawled, kept my weight spread across the surface so I wouldnt break through. Then I would crawl back the direction from which Id come because I would know that it had already held me once.
Excellent. Ravan stoked the fire for his son. What did you do next?
I tried to get my heart working more, get the blood coursing better, but it was so cold I thought I would fail with the fire. He met his fathers glance. I was afraid, Father. I thought I would die.
How did you succeed? Ravan urged his son to recount every step of the harrowing experience.
I wanted to just give upthought I would cry, the boy admitted, glancing at his thawing feet as he rubbed at them again. Then he looked straight at his father. But then I thought I couldknew I could. Ive built fire before. I just needed to believe that I could succeed; then just focus and do it.
Yes! That is it. You have already overcome in your mind, just make it happen, make it come from your hands.
Risen beamed. That is exactly it! Ive done this so many times beforethe fire, I meanso there was no reason I could not make it real this time!
Yes! And the risk is that you are distracted by other thingspain, cold, fearthings that try to thwart your success. Good. Very good. Ravan pulled from his stores some dried meat and fruits and passed them to his son. Here, to replace what youve spent. Are you warmer now?
Oh, very much so. I feel safe now. Even without the blanket, I would be all right until my clothes dried. I know I would. I would just keep my feet out of the snow and turn round and around to stay warm. Risen reached for the food and grinned, settling in for dinner.
Yes, and you would be safe from predators. Then you could eventually sleep, build your bed upon the coals and recover, then concentrate on food in the morning.
There was a quiet span of time when they both just studied the fire, watched the leaping life of warmth and light. It was mesmerizing to the boy. In a while, he asked, Father?
Yes?
What if I failed? What if I couldnt breathe, or couldnt get out of the pool or start the fire in time?
I would have breathed life into you, carried you from the pool, and started the fire.
And if you were not here? Risen wondered aloud what they were both thinking.
If I were not here, you would have done just as you did todayor not. You might have died. Ravan could not, would not, lie to his son.
Risen recalled his father saying once, An ugly truth was always better than a beautiful lie.
Ravans face was lit with a rare smile. But that is why we do this, so that you will know what to do, how to survive. And you did!
Thank you, Father. I am so fortunate to have you as my teacher!
A good lesson and an apt student. Ravan tousled the damp hair of his son, and together they enjoyed the blaze and a good camp before returning home in the morning with grand tales of success for Risens mother.


CHAPTER SEVEN


It was scarcely light when Risens eyes flitted open. It was cold, and the near sleeping boy pulled the blanket more over his ankles. Hed kicked it off in his sleep as he battled St. Georges great dragon again. Moira had warned him that reading the stories would give him dreams such as these.
Good, he replied. Much better than just reading about it!
Sleep tugged at the boy, coaxing him, begging he turn from the cold of the morning and step back into the sweet warmth of dreams. However, it was not to be. Risens eyes shot open, and he bolted upright in bed. It was early, still mostly dark, and the servants had yet to attend the fires. The coals were long dead in the fireplace, and a chill was in his room, but this didnt matter at all. Nothing could chill the excitement that would burn through his mind this early spring morning.
He blinked again as the fancy of dreams was replaced with the reality of life. The dragon faded, and recollection of what could be filtered into his head. He glanced about his room, allowing his eyes to adjust. Dark shadows danced around him as he flung himself from beneath his blankets. In seconds, the boy was out the room and running half naked down the hall.
Risen barely paused at his sisters door, squinting to glimpse Niveus as she slept soundly, likely wrapped in dreams of quite another sort. He wondered if he should awaken her, take her with him this morning, and then decided he would not. Instead, he sprinted for the stairs. Down he went, running carelessly, spiraling toward the ground floor of the north tower of the castle. He dressed as he ran and almost toppled from the edge of one stone step, miscalculating it in the near darkness.
The close call slowed him down not one bit. Neither would there be any stopping for morning prayer. Truthfully, he didnt ascribe completely to the notion of such a thing. His mother had encouraged him to find prayer in the tide of the universe, and so he breathed a thank you to the first glimpse of light as it peaked invitingly, a purple-gold sliver on the horizon through the window slits of the castle tower. Then he crossed himself and thanked a Christian God as he ran on.
Stepping onto the landing and through the heavy door of the tower that would lead to the outdoors, he pulled the icy chill across his teeth, tasting the newness of the morning. It was a magnificent feeling, and he believed it would be an equally magnificent day.
Squinting, he could make out the stables that lay far across the way and on a small rise. The stars were fading against the outline of the peaks of the buildings and castle walls. Pulling his overcoat on as he ran, he headed straight for the barn, running fearlessly across what remained of the winters slick, dead grass.
Trees stood here and there in clusters around the castle grounds, their blackened images stark against the bare dawn, fingers yet without spring foliage. The dark haired boy stabbed toward them with his imaginary sword as he ran.
Get back! he warned as he bolted beneath their beckoning arms.
The stables were a good stretch across the courtyard; onward he ran. Snow clung desperately to the shadowy recesses beneath shrubs, against walls, and around tree thickets, refusing to give up its final grasp on winter. Risen snatched for a handful of it from a barberry hedge as he ran and swore at the insult the thorns returned him, slapping his hand against his coat to ease the sting after he tossed the snow into his mouth.
The boy could not know for sure but strongly suspected it had happened last night. The stable-master, Leon, told him it likely would. And he was rightit had! A brand new foal had dropped this morning. It was from the mareone of her last breedings as she was now sixteen years oldand he would soon discover that it was a beauty, a colt as black as the stallion that had sired it but with the mares kind eye. And, it was his! Father had promised him!
Yes, Ravan had promised him the foal. It would be his to start and bring along, and his mind already raced with the battles the steed would carry him through. It was almost too much for him to bear, and he slipped on the frosty paving stone as he slid unceremoniously into the mouth of the stables entryway in grand style.
Leon! Leon, where is she? he called, meaning the mare.
Whoa! Hold up there, boy! the stable-master laughed, grasping Risen by the collar as the boy flew by. It will be of no good to stir up the mare with your antics. The strong man slowed the boy and swept him up by the waist, carrying him on his hip to the foaling stall.
It happened! Didnt it? Its here! Isnt it? Risen could barely contain himself, for he had great plans for this particular horse. No one knew yetknew what his true intentions were. It was the greatest of secrets, for after he trained it, after it matured and became the most perfect horse ever, he planned on giving it as a giftto her.

*  *  *

Ravan looked up from where hed been leaning, dark head resting on his crossed arms as he watched the newborn foal. A smile creased his lips as he watched Leon release his son. Risen slid in on the light of barely breaking day right up to himcome to see the foal for himself. The boy was so full of life, exuding excitement at every turn. His father nearly laughed outright.
The mercenarys childhood had not been so kind, had not had the luxury of such a thing as unopposed optimism. His was marred with cruelty and solitude, without the resources Risen had. Bleak survival and death had been familiar to Ravan for as long as he could remember. The only time hed experienced such freedom as Risen displayed was when he took to the woods, discovered beauty and joy in those rare moments by himself. Even now, he required those short quests to the forest to reset the balance of his soul. It was still a part of who he was. But Nicolette had been a beautiful salve for him, had quieted his tortured heart in a wondrous way.
These thoughts didnt create sorrow for the war hardened mercenary. Instead he was eternally grateful for every new day. His brother had given him this gift, and he was happy that good fortune had been with his son and daughter from the day they were born. That could change at any moment; no one knew this better than Ravan did.
No, he was happier than hed ever been. And with each passing day, he witnessed in his son the beloved characteristics hed seen in his brotherthe kind heart and compassionate approach to all things. And yet the boy also had a fierce determination all his own, perhaps the inarguable fire of his mother blended with his fathers undying courage. Whatever the cause, it was eternally endearing. Ravan thought it was as close to perfection as anything hed ever seen.
As most parents do, he saw all the potential in the universe in the eyes of his son, the greatest reason why he believed life should go on. Risen and Niveus were the kind of joy hed never imagined possible. So why had Nicolette been so brooding as of late? True, she was ordinarily prone to deep contemplation, something he loved about her, but recently, she almost seemedworried.
He frowned. Nicolette had been disquieted as though at odds with herself, and this was not at all like her. Nothing was more unusual than that, for she was, more than any other, capable of great control. There should be no reason for her to be so unnerved, for everything was better than it had ever been!
When Ravan questioned her about it, she simply replied she had no source for ityet. This alone was uncommon enough to set Ravan on edge, but today he would have none of it, for today was special. He brushed it off, almost amused at himself that he would even endeavor to comprehend the depth of his brides ruminations.
Nicolette was so mystifying that to know her, to truly know of her heart to her very core, one had to be part of her. And there was only one whom she allowed to get near to such a place, and that was he. Ravan and Nicolette were perfect together, like ice against skin on a hot day. Even so, perhaps there was a part of Nicolette no one would ever comprehend. He sighed. Certainly that must be true of anyone, especially himself.
These thoughts were brushed instantly away as Risen rushed up to his fathers side. Ravan pulled him close, saying quietly to the boy, He is a fine horse, my son. Look, he has his sires big hip and strong back but his mothers wary eye.
The torch flooded the stall with a wonderful, soft light, and the mare stood toward the back of the stall, in the corner as though to protect her baby from the stares of those creatures who gathered at her door. All that could be seen of the foal from behind her were four spindly legs, wobbling beyond the belly of the dam.
The mare tossed her head at Risen and pinned her ears, having on numerous occasion tossed the boy to the groundlessons well deserved for the most part. She breathed heavy, her flanks lathered with her recent efforts, just moments ago having risen from the birthing of the foal. Turning her head away from the humans, she nickered softly to her baby.
Ravan clucked gently to the mare. She snorted an objection at him, shook her head again, but finally obeyed, stepping away from the corner of the stall and circling out from in front of the just born foal. The warm glow of the firelight bathed the colt in an early welcome. It was magic if ever there was, Ravan thought, and he was happy to share it with his son.
The foals head sprang up, its neck arcing beautifully. Already challenging the legs beneath itself, it wobbled and gave a few springy bounces. Hopping awkwardly to the front of its mother before noticing the strange visitors at the gate, it scurried to her flank, almost landing itself back on the ground as it did.
Risen laughed. He stops his front end, but the back keeps going!
Black as a dreamless night, the colt glistened, still damp from its step into the world. Its face was stunningdelicate and chiseled like the Arabian mares. The colt wore an expression of curious intelligence and, unlike most newborn foals, did not seek cover from the strangers. Instead, it bobbed its wispy chin at the odd visitors, inviting their speculation as it stamped a forefoot. This boldness it got from the sire, of that there was no doubt.
Oh, hes beautiful! Risen pulled himself up by the fingertips to peer over the edge of the tall stall planks.
Chuckling softly, Ravan added, His bone is good and strong. He will be a fine horse for you, as nice as weve had so far. It is an exceptional colt. Turning his gaze back to his son, he asked, Does your mother know?
No, I dont think the boy started to say but stopped himself. Yes, she probably does.
This drew a knowing laugh from his father. Yes, I suppose so. But your sister does not yet, I would wager.
I dont know. The boy scuffed the dirt with the toe of his boot. Ill tell her when I go back in.
It would be good for her, Risen. Ravan leaned down, closer to his sons face. Draw her into the miracle of it, bring her outside for a spell. She would like that, I think.
I will, he promised, but first, can I touch him?
The mercenary was taken by the life in his sons eyes. Lifting the catch, Ravan went into the stall and together they approached the foal. The mare tossed her head, shifted herself between the humans and her baby. She was apprehensive, but this was an old routine for the mare, and so she begrudgingly allowed the humans to touch her foal for the first time.
Oh, hes so soft! Risen ran his thin hands across the withers of the colt, the fuzzy fluff of damp mane threading through his fingertips.
This brought a smile from his father, and Ravan was reminded of a long time ago, a long way away, when hed first dreamt of having a fine horse. It gave him immense joy in his heart that he could do such a thing for his son, give him such an amazing horse. And it was a splendid horsehe could see it already, knew it would be the new stallion in their stables when the Destrier aged.
Leaving the baby to its first feeding, they left the stall and lingered at the door. Then, they gazed one last time at the coltfather and son togetherfor a long, warm while.
Ravan broke the spell. Lets go tell your motherand Niveus. He squeezed his son gently on the back of the neck, and Risen grabbed his fathers hand with both his own, attempting a maneuver that would take the offender down were he a grown man.
Laughing heartily, Ravan hoisted the boy easily over his shoulder and stalked with his young captive from the foaling barn. The two threaded their way through the misty fingerling rays of morning light, back through the evaporating fog, back through the opening door of the coming day. They were nearly to the flagstone courtyard when the portcullis rose and a rider on a nearly exhausted horse came bolting through the front gate.

*  *  *

In her room, Niveus had awakened and knelt, still in her night shift, in the middle of her bed. Hair, white as snow, hung down the middle of her back almost to the bare feet tucked under her. Her eyelashes were so fair as to be almost clear, and they framed her large eyes like so many fine frosty slivers.
A servant was building the fire anew, coaxing it to life, but he went unnoticed by the childRavans daughter. She stretched one arm in front of her, palm flat, fingers pressed loosely together. Staring not at her hand but at the space of air in which it passed back and forth, her skin appeared translucent in the early morning light.
Moira, standing in the doorway, tapped on the jamb a second time but remained unnoticed by the child. The nanny entered, eased the door closed behind her, and gazed at the girl, kneeling in her bed. The hand servant was finished by then, and the fire blazed warmly, pushing the cold to places it had no choice but to go. He glanced at the child first, then to Moira. She indicated the door, and he silently excused himself, closing it behind.
Niveus, Moira said softly.
The nanny wore a patch over her lost eye, a beautiful patch, silk and finely stitched. It was attached to a scarf that wrapped around her head, hiding the wounded and scarred side of her skull. The scarf was lovelyornate and from the Eastits patterns exquisitely exotic. It was knotted just over Moiras right shoulder, and the tails of it hung down like silk ribbons. Nicolette had done this for her, had this fashioned for Niveus nanny, and it was one of several that Moira possessed.
The pale child did not answer, only continued to pass her hand back and forth loosely, in a gentle wavelike fashion as she stared ahead at seeming nothingness.
Niveus, it is morning. Time to dress. When the girl still did not answer, Moira went to the bed and sat down on the edge of it, facing her. Niveus, she repeated softly and reached to gently take the childs hand in her one, stopping the peculiar behavior.
Ravans daughter instantly focused on Moira, her clear, pink eyes enormous, her lips opaque. I knew you were there. You didnt need to stop me.
Then why didnt you answer me? Moira held onto Niveus hand firmly when the child attempted to resume her task. It is ill-mannered, Niveus, to ignore another. She said it with love, not in annoyance. You cannot just go away like that. She tapped Niveus playfully between the eyes with the tip of her finger. Its not proper.
It would have wrecked it.
What? Niveus, what would it have wrecked? Moira was eternally patient with this most extraordinary child.
The space.
Moira sighed, but indulged Risens sister. What space, Niveus? Tell me about the space. What are you doing when you wave your hand about in the air like that?
This seemed to surprise the child, this description of her unusual behavior, and Niveus rolled her eyes as though aware that she was being humored. Then, with the patience of a master, she explained, Its a passagea door.
Are you opening the door?
Niveus blinked solemnly in quiet amazement at the question. No, of course not. I cant do that. But she said patiently, Im pushing time around it. Its inevitable that it will someday open and
Moira smiled and interrupted her, Niveus.
The child dropped both hands softly into her lap. It will open. Someday it will. Until then, I push the time, just until I can one day push it through.
Can we get you dressed and down to breakfast? Moira gently diverted Niveus. Your mother is already up, and the foal is born. She took one of the childs hands.
I know, Niveus replied, not in a condescending way. The colt was born just before sunrise.
Moiras eye narrowed, and she studied the girl, still holding tight to her hand. Niveus lifted her free one and went to pass it again through the empty air, but Moira grasped it straightaway, pinning it with its companion.
No, she said almost sharply.
Niveus shot her stare to Moira, her eyes flashing almost copper in color. Why?
Because, its not normal.
So?
You have to be normal.
Why? You told me I was who I am and nobody else.
Niveus, this will belong to you one day, to you and your brother. Moira waved her stump in a broad circle in the room. The people of this realm need you to be sound, she corrected herself, to appear soundfor them.
You say that as though Im notas though you think Im mad, the girl countered, not unkindly, just matter-of-factly.
Moira loved this child, loved her dearly. She pulled her closer, kissed her on her forehead. I do not, Niveus. You are not mad; I know this, but you can learn to behave as though you are not. It would be best.
For you?
No, not for me.
For Mother and Father? Niveus wondered.
Yes, for them and for the dynasty, but mostly for you.
Niveus tipped her head to one side. I suppose. Then, as though sharing a revelation, Something terrible could happen to Risen.
This shocked Moira profoundly. Niveus! Dont say such a thing! Why would you say that?
Today, I mean. The child shrugged. I tried to push it away, really I did. Niveus glanced at the empty air. I dont know if I helped. I hope so.
Moira was without words, stunned by what the child shared. She pulled her close and hugged her tightly, rocking her gently for a span before helping her to dress and greet the day.
Niveus chose not to see the colt, told Moira that she already had.


CHAPTER EIGHT


The Norseman stood at the black woods edge, the dense expanse of forest just east of the village and the Ravan Dynasty. There to the west he studied the domain ruled by himthe dark lord, demon of shadows, killer of sons. His eyes narrowed oddly, the scar tissue preventing him from closing the right one fully. It was eternally dry as a result and bothered him most of the time, just another insult the demon had cast at him. The fire at the inn had left his face a riddled map of scars. But these were nothing compared to the scars upon his heart.
It took Tor nearly twelve years to find himtwelve years, endless sleepless nights, a mothers suicide, and the shift of all compassion from the fragmented recesses of a struggling, broken heartto find him. And now, here he waskiller, taker of life, destroyer of a family name. Here was Ravan, content within the shelter of his vast domain. Comfortable with his riches, complacent in his power. But not after today.
Tors confidence swelled as he recognized the scope of the army that eased into place behind him. Itd taken much time and resource to draw enough coin and allegiance to amass an infantry the size needed to threaten a realm such as this. There were few that would risk war against Ravans dynasty. Tors task had been tediousthe espionage, the surveillance, the details that might make the battle victorious for him.
And what was the definition of victorious? What drink could quench the unquenchable thirst that tortured him so? Death, death to one man, one named Ravandeath to the man who stripped him of his son. Vengeance for Modred, fallen twelve years before.
For the first few years after Modred died, Tor struggled with the notion of revenge. Logically, the mercenary had every right to defend himself and perhaps even the pathetic, one-eyed girlthe one hed called sister. He thought his general, Yeorathe, had been wrong to engage the dark mercenary at the Inn, and they discovered the great mortality of this error much too late.
But reasonable thought had slowly dimmed as the months and years passed, replaced by grief, anger, and a burning need for revenge. This was all that was left of his terrible lossthe deaths of Modred and then his fair Madlen. There was nothing else now.
Tor savored this moment. He was old now, over five decades, and weary of life. And she was dead. His bridehis beloved Madlenwas gone, tearing her own life from her chest the very eve she learned of her sons demise. It ripped Tors soul apart to lose Modred and then, a mere month later, to lose his beloved wife as well.
That had been a dreadful time. He spent nearly a month laying in the bed theyd previously shared, willing himself to die. Then hed spent another there, willing instead himself to live so that he could hunt the one who had done this wretched thing to him.
A burning coursed through his veins and narrowed his vision as he waited for the thinning blanket of night to lift. Today would be glorious. His pain would be extinguished, must be extinguished! And there were only two paths that could provide relief. One was as good as the other, he believed.
Today, he would take the demon downwould take Ravans lifeor would be taken of his own. Either way, it would be perfect in that it would be at long last done. He would be united with Madlen or would send Ravan to hell. There was no hope, no expectation of good, no breath of compassion coursing through the blackened channels of Tors mind now. It all came down to this.
The stars were a bright blanket against the black velvet that was the few, last hours of darkness. His second in command, a man nearly as wide as he was tall and solid as a bull, approached him from behind and peered into the night, studying one last time the expanse of field that was all that separated the village from their waiting army. Odgars beard was a ruddy red, thick and cut square across the bottom. He ran clawed fingers through it now.
Are they in place? was all Tor asked of his commander.
Hed ransomed a lifetime of profit, several generations of resource, and more than a few friendships to establish the infantry that was at this very moment assembling in the blanket of forest beyond the Ravan dynasty. Hed called on every favor, coerced, bribed, manipulatedall for this one day. All of Tors awful ambition was poured into this one moment. It was an immense sacrifice, but it didnt matter. All would be set right at the break of dawn. Revenge would finally be his.
They will be in place within the hour, my Lord. Its been a long night. I worry that fatigue could be a factor. Weve driven them hard. Odgar rested his hand upon the hilt of his sword, his eyes shining even in the darkness.
It isnt an issue. We have the element of surprise, and he shrugged, we outnumber his forces by nearly half.
Gathering ranks in the woods behind him, their numbers swelled to nearly seven hundred. And although the population of Ravans Dynasty had grown to almost five thousand, of these only about three thousand inhabited the immediate township, and of these, only four hundred or so were suited defenderssoldiers who could and would readily fight at Ravans side at any given moment.
Ravans army was a substantial enough force and would ordinarily be perfectly sufficient to ensure safety of the township and discourage an attempt at an overthrow, ordinarilyexcept perhaps when confronted with the insane, revenge campaign intended by Tor today. Truthfully, the Norseman cared not if his own army fell, if every last one of them died. It didnt matter at all, not as long as Ravan was taken down with them. His army was paid in advance. Let death serve them if it chose.
Tor didnt focus on Odgar. Standing on a small, rocky rise, his full attention was focused instead on the black horizon behind him. He willed the eventual lightening of dawn to crease it, sure that the battle would be in his favor. His second in command was more than capable. Odgar had been a machine, manipulating the army superbly to set up the perfect front. Beyond that, he was brutal. This man had battle skills that exceeded most, but even more so, he had a gluttony for profit and opportunity. And, he enjoyed what he did. War agreed with him in a supreme fashion, and hed been too long away from battle. This is what he told Tor.
The general stood next to him, rubbed the palms of his hands together as though in anticipation. It will be light soon.
Where is Yeorathe? Tor wondered.
He is in place, positioned at the North front, just as you wished.
Excellent, was all he replied before going back to his eternal stare of the eastern horizon. His first in command would hold the flank. Of this he had no doubt.
When the first glint of dawn creased the profile of the distant clouds that lay behind them, Tor spun to face the west, the direction of his enemy. The castle lay beyond the population, but the town was not his priority today. They would run over it, kill any who stood against them, and skirt through the rest of it in the remaining cover of darkness. They would then call siege directly on the castle at daybreak. Today, victory would come with the death of only one, but if the entire dynasty fell it would be glorious beyond measure.
Because every warrior in Tors army was already amply pay-rolled, any plunder would only be incentive for them to fight harder, longer. Let the village burn. If it hurt him before Tor reached him, all the better. And his wifeTor would take her first and then plunge the blade into her chest himself, and he would allow Ravan to watch.
The warmth that showed on the bare hint of a smile did not come from the heart of the Norseman; it came from a coldness in his belly, and with it the last shred of humanity was gone. He peered hungrily at the castle as an animal might consider prey. He imagined he could see the sleeping man within. It would not be long now.


CHAPTER NINE


Ravan shoved his son toward the castle. Go! Find your sister, your mother. Get Moira and Moulin!
But, I could
Risen, go! the mercenarys battle voice was terrifying, something the boy had never heard before. Get them to safety, now! his father charged.
Risen obeyed, taken with urgent alarm and running fast as he could, glancing over his shoulder only once as he did. The mounted scout galloped across the courtyard toward Ravan and slid a drained horse to a skidding stop. The boy could not hear the conversation but knew it must be serious, for the rider never dismounted, only spun his horse and whipped it viciously, galloping next toward the main stables and barracks.
The boy lingered at the doorway, stunned, held transfixed by the odd turn of events. What if something was wrong? What if she was in danger? This thought pulled immediately at his gut in a terrible way. Never before had he felt such an awful feeling, not even in the frozen pool, and he disliked it immensely.
Seeing his father glance over his shoulder, even as he sprinted toward the main stables, Risen leapt back behind the door, keeping it cracked open only enough that he could just see out. It would not do to disobey his father. Hed learned this on many occasions. But even sowhat if?
Risen was driven by a need to know that everything was all right. Perhaps this was just an exercise? Surely that was the likelihood of it. Father had drills frequently and was never satisfied with them, no matter how perfect his men performed. But that was a good thing. The result was that his legion was fierce, cunning, and intensely loyal to their leader. And it wasnt just the army. The entire township outside the gates of the castle was loyal to Ravan.
But this time had been different; the look on the scouts face, the dreadful state of the bone weary horse, and something about his fathers expression, were all things hed never before seen. The boy chewed his lip as he squinted through the crack in the castle door. What truly nagged at the boy was the dream he had of late. It was fire, only fire. From within it she walked to him, unburned, hand held out toward him, but upon her face was a look of such sorrow, an expression hed never before seen in the real light of day.
Risen shook the memory of the dream from his head and convinced himself he would have a better vantage point from the tower. And so he obeyed, sprinting for his parents wing first.
As he bolted across the rough marble floor, he spied his mother just coming from her room. At her side was Moira, the handless maiden his father had rescued from the inn the year he was born, and in tow was his younger sister, Niveus.
Risen, what is it? Moira stepped toward the boy, dragging Niveus behind her, but Nicolette interrupted her.
Come with me. There will be a battle this morning. We must alert the guards, secure the castle.
How his mother could already know this was a mystery to Risen, but neither was it a surprise. She was nearly always right, and the events of just moments before supported her claim. Risens heart dropped heavy within his chest with his mothers words. So it was true; forces were advancing on them. She might be in harms way after all.
Mother, I have to go to the village, he said urgently, I need to help.
No, was her flat reply.
But peoplemight be in danger, he argued. What he was really thinking was that Sylvie might be in danger. I can help. I know I can. You must let me go.
No. I will not have you at risk. Nicolette motioned for him to follow Moulin and instructed him, Take them to the cellars. Hide them in the library chamber. Stay with them.
But you dont understand, Risen persisted, I can help Father! I know I can! I just need to get to the
Nicolette snapped harshly, Go with Moulin! Do as I say. You cannot help the villagers now, Risen. You must trust your father to take care of the townspeople.
He was deeply troubled but not for his mothers severe words. He was stricken with worry for her. Sylvie was, oddly, Risens blossoming best friend. But what Sylvie didnt realize was that shed become much more than just a friend. She had slowly replaced his male counterparts as his primary interest. It wasnt that Rowan, Tobias, and Cedric were no longer at his side, one imaginary battle after another. It was just that recently this uncommon girl seemed to engage his mind moremuch more.
Sylvie was Risens first love, and no one knewnot his parents, not even Sylvie. He guarded his secret perfectly, letting his parents believe it was Tobias he meant to spend so much time with. And it was true, Tobias was his best friend. But Tobias sisterwas even more.
It was a perfect secret, the most precious of all, and Risen meant to wait for just the right moment to tell her. Only then would he allow Tobias or his parents to know. The circumstances must be just right, for Risen believed he and Sylvie should always be together. He believed it was destiny.
Risen hesitated; he had strong reservations about his mothers observation, to simply trust that everything would be for the best. It wasnt that he didnt believe his father could defeat the fiercest of any foes. On the contrary, he believed him to be the most formidable warrior ever, and Ravan certainly had the army to back him up. They were all superbly trained and with weapons that rivaled any others.
No, what gave him reservation was the dream, the awful fire, and hed never shared it with anyonenot his mother, not his father, and especially not her.
Risen did as he was told; he followed Moulin, Niveus, and Moira to the hidden chamber beneath the castle. His heart, however, was elsewhere.
Close to the center of the cellars was the massive, circular room dubbed the library. Snaking through the catacombs, the small group eventually found themselves sequestered away.
He looked about. Truthfully, it was hardly a library at all. Instead, the cloistered chamber, with its pillars and curving stone walls, had more the feel of a clandestine meeting room, the nature of which important matters regarding such things as strategy and espionage might be discussed at length.
The walls were lined with tapestries, crests, and flags, some representative of Frances regions and the rulers who governed them. Ravan had, overtime, developed diplomacy with all of them. Maps were also hung here and there with more of them rolled up and stashed in open chests or spread upon the great table. More of the heavy wooden chests were pressed up against the walls, and a few chairs were scattered about for any who might choose to spend time in the library.
There were shelves too, most of them lined with books from exotic countries. Ravan had collected them as gifts for Nicolette. It was one of the few physical objects she seemed to enjoy, and Ravan missed no opportunity to indulge her. He was surprised to discover, when he first returned to the dynasty, that she spoke seven languages, all learned in her childhood.
Risen had played down in the library before, had even brought Sylvie down once. She was amazed by it, said she had never seen anything like it. But ultimately shed been intimidated by the depth of it, so far underground as it was. Drawn first to the books, she eventually asked if they might leave and go back to the sunny day above, for the flowers are blooming, she said, but Risen had seen the look in her eyes, seen that she was fearful.
It was labeled the library because all the books, maps, treaties and other such documents were to be found here. The cold, dry air of the room lent itself well to the preservation of vellum and parchment. Ravan also kept in this chamber the most important breeding records of the horses, begun with the Destrier stallion and the Barb mare when he first came home to discover his realm. The bloodlines were meticulously penned in his own hand and as good an account as any in the country.
Only Ravan and Nicolettes closest confidants had ever been allowed to know the whereabouts of this room. Consequently, the library was nearly perfectly hidden, and it was because it was so hidden that it could serve as a safe room for Ravans family in the attempt of an overthrow or coup. With today appearing to be just such a day, the library, sunk within the deepest keep of the castle and with its maze of consecutive locking doors, was supremely fortified and exactly where Ravan could rest assured his family would be.
This is stupid, Risen protested. Im twelve years old, nearly thirteen! Im old enough to go into battle with my father. When he was ignored by literally everyone present, he persisted. How am I supposed to learn real fighting? Still no one answered his question. He really didnt expect them to. Truthfully, it was not battle which called for him, and he wondered if they sensed that, if it showed on his face.
Moulin smiled at him. It was true that the boy was born of the man whod claimed Nicolettes heart. But the Swiss pikeman could never bring himself to dislike this boyor Ravan for that matter. More accurately, hed grown quite fond of the child. Who could not? With his engaging wit, endless abundance of happy energy, and compassion for all things living, Risen was likable beyond normal reason. And so Moulin had swallowed his crushed heart and built himself a family with all of them, especially this one.
Everyone loved Risen, and with Nicolette and Ravan of more distant dispositionsand Niveus even more sothe townspeople had likewise grown very attached to the young heir to the Ravan dynasty. And what a dynasty it had become! Already with wealth beyond believable means when the dark beauty had taken it, the couple together had ruled it with a savvy that only served to strengthen the security of it and cement the loyalty of all within. Moulin deeply respected this.
I think it would be foolish if you died because youre not strong enough to lift a blade. Moira rolled her one eye at him. Sitting Niveus down on a fur covered stone bench, she pulled a pelt across the girls legs before casting her attention back on Risen. As each sought a comfortable spot, Moira gestured to the boy. Come here, she goaded him further. Lets see if youre the man you claim you are. Let us see if you can best me yet. She lifted her only hand and extended the challenge, offering to arm-wrestle him at the large, stone table that was the centerpiece of the room.
Not fair! You know your one arm is nearly stronger than both mine together. Besides, Im right handed. He shrugged, but could not resist sitting opposite her to offer up his left arm and hand. The two clasped and the challenge was on. Then, for the first time ever, Risen beat Moirabarely. His chin jutted out in willful victory as he leapt to his feet. See! Im ready for battle!
Risen was perfectly serious, and this provoked laughter from Moira and Moulin both. What? Why do you laugh? I am a warrior!
Come, warrior. Help me with a fire, Moulin motioned for assistance.
Niveus remained off to the side, saying nothing. She was running her finger idly up and down the joint of a stone in the wall. Moira rose, went to her, and wrapped an arm around her shoulders while Moulin and Risen tended to a fire on the hearth.
What do you see, Niveus? Moira wondered.
Niveus continued to run her finger up and down the seam between the stones. Risen glanced over his shoulder at her, and just when he believed she would not answer, Niveus said simply, It is a vapor. Different from that which we breathe above. Not so much of it, really, but we wouldnt want more of it. It is not a good vapornot healthy.
Moira turned her away from the wall. Niveus, do not talk such nonsense. When the girl only stared at her, she suggested, Let us play a game instead.
Risens sister turned obediently from the wall and stared at him. He thought he saw in her eyes a supreme intelligence, a look of they may all think I am unsound, but you know that I am not. Then she looked away.
I love you, brother, she said abruptly.
Everyone froze, gazing at her. She stood up, eyes searching the vacant ceiling overhead, blinking so slowly as she studied it. All were startled by what she disclosed, for Niveus never let her feelings show. Shed said, on a few occasions, that she loved her father or her mothermostly when promptedbut nearly never had she said such a thing to Risen.
I love you as well, he replied almost immediately and went to his sister, taking her by both hands and leading her to the table. Come, Niveus. Well play a game with Moira now. This was very much like Risen, to sincerely care about the well-being of his sister, to help her in any way that he could.
You are stronger than you realize, Niveus told him flatly. Dont think you are not, even when you think all is lost.
This baffled Risen quite a bit, this and the way his sister peered at him as though she could see to his very heart, see what occupied him there.
I know, sister, He made light of what he believed she was trying to say. I just beat Moira at arm wrestling for the first time; Im ready to take on the world.

*  *  *

Nicolette left her two children in Moulin and Moiras care, going instead to the second story council room where her advisors were fast assembling.
What is happening? she demanded flatly as she swept into the room.
Her head advisor, Sarto, was a small, deliberate man with scarcely any hair at allnot even eyebrows. He was also her closest political advisor and, most said, her wisest councilman.
He calmly bobbed his head in her direction. My Lady, the news we have so far is that considerable forces are assembled, east and north of the village, hidden within the Cheverny forest. Our scouts have estimated the army to be as large as five hundred.
Have they sent an emissary?
No, my Lady, not yet. And I believe they will not. Their mission is unclear, but it would appear to be entirely offensive in nature.
Do they have an obvious target?
Im convinced it is the castle, my Lady. That is all we know so far, he spread his hands gently, his robes wafting on the dead air like the wings of some great, balding bird.
Have they attacked the village yet? she wondered.
No, but from their vantagethe direction they are assemblingthat would seem to be their secondary target, only because they must run through it. It is completely reasonable to assume what they want is something from behind these walls, perhaps your gold reserves, and are willing to plunder the village as a secondary means.
Another advisor, trusted within her council, spoke up. I disagree. Would they bring on themselves the wrath of Lord Ravans army? I dont think that is reasonable! There is little plunder in the village, not such that would offset their losses with what our Lord shall return upon them tenfold!
Another council member, a woman, appealed directly to Nicolette. I must disagree with Sarto. She pushed herself to standing. Yes, an enemy must know that all our reserves in gold are stored within the castle. But certainly they know that to storm it would be a task only taken with great losses if at all. They would need an army stronger than the scouts indicate they have. The woman shrugged. I just dont think an attack is reasonable. It must be a simple show of forcefor now. She appealed to the others, I feel we are missing a piece to this mystery.
Do they raise a flag? Nicolette asked.
None, Sarto said. We know not from where they come.
English?
No, my Lady, the female advisor replied. Shed been appointed by Ravan specifically to know the current state of English-French affairs. It was Ravans opinion they could not know too well where and what the English were recently wanting, considering how long the war had already lingered.
Bring the people in, as many as you can. If we have an attackwhen we can hold them off no longerbar the gates, but not until we have no other choice, Nicolette commanded. Have we sounded the alarm yet?
No, my Lady. Lord Ravan has forbidden it. Hes sent scouts to silently alert the villagers instead.
I agree, Sarto motioned to several couriers to prepare the castle for an influx of villagers. We have no time to lose. Let us do what we can before time has run out.
Then, to the evident surprise of all gathered, Nicolette swept from the room without even excusing herself.
My Lady? Sarto called, but she ignored him entirely.
Down to the ground floor she ran and burst from a servants door out the west wing of the castle. Nearby was an orchard, a particularly favorite place that she sometimes ventured when she chose to walk out on the grounds of the castle, and it was there that she now ran. Dark robes flying, and without a cloak in the early hour, she appeared to fly as she dashed into the orchard, her breath frosty plumes in the frigid morning air.
She was nearly a dozen columns of trees into the tiny forest before she slowed to a walk and turned down a particular row. Chin dropped to her chest and eyes nearly closed, she walked past one, two, three, four trees before finding just the right one.
Dropping to her knees at the trunk of an old, gnarled walnut, Nicolette was very focused on the task at hand. The tree appeared familiar to her, and she ran her hands slowly along the twisted bark, first up and then down, as though familiarizing herself with an old lover. This she did for some time as the breeze died away and a quiet settled about her. Even the early morning birds ceased their song as though they wished not to disturb the peculiar visitor on her strange exchange with one of their trees.
All was silent. Gradually, as though in slow motion, she stopped and ran her index finger slowly down a particular crease in the trunk, all the way to between the gnarled roots that sank into the ground at her knees. Dropping her head, she peered closely at the earth beneath her hand. Resting like this, she simply remained there, unmoving and with her hand upon the spot of ground for nearly a minute. The frosty, dead grass thawed somewhat beneath her palm and yet she did not move.
Suddenly, as though coming back to life, she began digging with her bare fingers, clawing, finally pulling a handful of frozen dirt up along with some dried leaves and stones. She then passed the palm of her hand back and forth over the ground around her skirts before finding the old husks of several of last years walnut shells with the spent nut fruit still inside. She snatched up three of the old walnuts and shook them. They rattled, shriveled within their shells. Satisfied, she mixed them up with the soil, dried leaves, and pebbles.
She did not turn to see Moulin creep up carefully behind her. Hed evidently followed her into the small woods and paused as though he could see that she was keenly occupied with something. He must have been satisfied that there was no impending risk when he left Moira with the children. Perhaps his intention had been to let Nicolette know that they were safe and settled in.
But hed not found her in the council chamber, and having discovered her missing, Moulin likely suspected where shed vanished to. There were several spots that were significant to her, and he knew all of them. He might have sensed she would be at one of these now. Whatever his reason for following, he now stood behind her in the orchard.
He asked, obviously concerned, My Lady, what is it? Why are you here when
She said nothing, only flung her head back and gazed overhead at the pattern of naked branches against the early morning sky. Her gaze darted from one snow white wisp of cloud to another as they hung above the bare limbed trees. Flitting, her eyes rolled back before she closed them tightly. Placing her palm again on the trunk of the tree, her head snapped forward. She leaned, resting her forehead against her hand, against the tree, her eyes remaining closed.
Moulin said nothing. She did not see him standing so close behind her, speechless, unable to pull his eyes from her and the unusual ritual she performed on the frozen orchard floor.
All at once, she pulled her head and hand from the tree. She was on some level aware that he was there, but it was insignificant. Spreading an expanse of her skirt on the ground, she snatched up what shed come for. Passing the handful of materials back and forth over her skirt, she then cast the earth, stones, leaves, and walnut shells across the fabric.
No, she murmured to herself and stared, eyes wide, at the random pattern on her gown. Clawing at all of it, she snatched it up again before recasting the elements onto the fabric. Not willing to believe what she first saw, she gasped more urgently, No! Pressing both palms upon her skirt, either side of her castings, she dropped her chin to her chest and closed her eyes, jaw gritted tight.
Moulin startled when she seemed to come suddenly to life, flinging the earth and such from her gown as she leapt to her feet and strode deliberately past him, back toward the castle.
Nicolette! It was the first time Moulin had ever spoken her name aloud.
We must prepare for the battle, she snapped over her shoulder.
Running up the stone flight of stairs, she was a striking image when she came crashing back into the tribunal of advisors. They were still murmuring their concerns, worries about the impending altercation and Nicolettes sudden disappearance. Her gown was damp, and she was quite earthy but poised nonetheless.
There will be a battle, she said flatly. A hush fell over the counselors.
Yes, my Lady. Perhaps, but to what gain? What is it they wish? Sarto asked the burning question again for everyone. Have you discovered their intent?
They wish to draw out what it is they want. She rested her fingertips on the edge of the long table, her gaze burning into each of them in turn. They want Ravan.
There were gasps all around at this news.
Butwhy? What could they possibly want of our master that simple correspondence couldnt have accomplished? Ravan would certainly have allowed their leaders in. One counselor rose to his feet in concern.
What man would risk battle against a defense such as his? Another counselor pounded the table with his fist as he implored his mistress.
Shaking her head, Im not sure. Nicolette wrenched her hands together in a gesture entirely unfamiliar to the tribunal. They watched, obviously shaken as she added, RevengeI think. Im not certain why. Im not she paused, entirely clear.
This was very unlike their leader. Shed not even exhibited such emotion the day she left Ravan on the cliffsidethe day shed released him to his own fate. Nicolette nearly staggered with the premonition that she suffered.
My Lady, please, sit. Moulin motioned her to a chair and helped ease her into it.
Do we Sarto face was very grim, Can you see? Do we lose him?
No, she shook her head violently. I do not see that we do.
There seemed to be an audible groan of relief from all present. Then why do you torment yourself so? Moulin approached her, reaching for her, resting his hand gently on her shoulder as though he might take the uneasiness from her.
Im not sure. She put her clenched fists to her temples, earthen smudges marring the pristine white of her skin. We do not lose this battle, I know that. I can see that. But She jerked her clenched hands down, stricken eyes wet with fear. I feel as though I do.
No one spoke. They just stared, speechless at their mistress.
We must take her, get her moved to safety, Moulin commanded straightaway.
No! She commanded. Rising from the chair, Nicolette began pacing as though she could walk logic into the scenario that ran through her head. Murmuring more to herself than to them, she recounted, It is not me. She slashed at the empty air with one hand. Death does not frighten me. It is not what gives me such trepidation. 
She spun on them. I am not sure why this gives me such foreboding. Ravan is saved; I can see this very clearly. I can only tell you that what happens today culminates what has troubled me so much as of late.
Moulin swallowed heavily. We dont know this, we dont know 
This will be a bad day, she said flatly. It is all I can share.
There seemed nothing else to add as each present silently turned their thoughts and fears into themselves. Nicolette commanded quietly, You all know your posts. To them now.
This was a bad hour for everyone, for because Nicolette was fearful, all of them surely were as well, as undeniably as if they stood within the very maw of death.


CHAPTER TEN


Ravan had received advanced word of the approaching forces in barely sufficient time. Even though his reconnaissance scouts were well trained and extremely vigilant, the enemy army had pushed in so rapidly, so stealthily, that Ravan was nearly taken by surprise. This irked him not a small amount, for it had always been a priority of his to never be taken by surprise. Minimally, he was satisfied that the information the scouts brought was accurate enough. Even so, the battle was upon him in what seemed like minutes.
It was a desperate move by the enemy to position such forces so swiftly. And it was exactly this that troubled Ravan the most. He held the general assumption that it was passion and not greed which inspired the recklessness that would have been required to advance a force of this size with such dispatch. Passion of this kind, he knew, invited death and was the most dangerous of all.
He was of the belief that there were but two obsessions which invited deathhatred and revengeand Ravan was intimately familiar with both. He was also convinced that neither summoned a rational opponent. This would be an extraordinary conflict, for it would be one of these. It would be fought to a bloody finish, until one side could stand no more. Ravan was determined that his realm would survive to see the end of the day.
Struggling, his mind twisted in loops as he tried to make sense of it. Who could possibly seek him now? Who held a grudge so insufferable to assemble in the night an army such as this? Who might hate him so deeply? Were his enemies not all put asunder? He and Nicolette had long ago destroyed all who might have malice toward them. Orhad they?
The mercenarys past had been one of war. Hed fought many campaigns, killed many, but it had never been personal, had it? And why now? Why twelve years after hed commanded his realm long enough to develop a steadfast peacea peace supported by supreme power? Could another simply wish to take this from him?
At last, he decided there was simply no good explanation. It gave the leader a sense of finality, a direction to take himself and his men. He would fight this battle and discover on the other side of it the intent of his enemy. Thenhe would destroy them.
With that, Ravan allowed something long ago rested to rise from its barbarous bedthe ferocity of the warrior within. This was not practice. This was not training. This was war.
With meticulous purpose, he strapped on his armor and girded himself with his battle sword. He knew the greatest enemy was one who could not be understood. And this one was exactly that. But it didnt matter. He knew war, knew the art of it, and as he walked from his battle quarters to greet his army, he glanced at the eastern wall of the castle grounds.
Ravan knew the enemy would wait until they had the sun just over the eastern treeline before they would advance their first attack. They would want the sunrise in Ravans eyes to tip the first wave of battle favorably in their direction. However, the dark leader would not allow this advantage.
He checked the cinch of his warhorse, the stallion. We fight again, he murmured to his old friend. Patting the steed on the neck, he prepared to meet his army. His intention was to draw his troops together to prepare for a counter attacka first strikebefore the sun was over the trees.
The stables were at that moment a whirlwind of activity as was the armory. Ravan had long ago modified this area of the castle grounds so that it would be strategically efficient in the event of a sudden clash such as this, a surprise attack.
The barracks were next to the armory, tucked in between it and the stables. These three buildings were arranged, semicircular, around the training area so that quick mantling of the forces was very organized. Ravan had considered this of primary importance, and drills were accomplished just to make sure the militia always remained in top form.
Now, the army did just exactly as theyd so often practiced. Silent sentries were already alerting the townspeople and calling forth additional men and horses. Already assembled were the foot soldiers, mounted cavalry, and archersof which there were many specifically trained by Ravan. All were outfitted, tacked up, and deployed, ready to fight in less than half an hour. It was an epic preparation for the battle to come and impressively efficient. Yes, the Ravan Dynasty was a formidable target.
The village, unfortunately, lay between the castle and forest in such a position that the enemy would have to go nearly straight through it to reach the castle. There was no reasonable attack from the rear because the river arced around the western grounds. And if they were attacked from the sides, it would effectively bottle neck an enemy, making them easy targets to pick off. No, the first wave would come through the little town.
Ravan often wished the village had been positioned next to the river, with the castle and its great might between it and any advancing forces. But Adorno had wanted the highest vantage for his view, and so this was the layout Ravan and Nicolette inherited.
On the castle walls, longbowmen were already lining up, baskets of superb arrows at their disposala last line of defense should the enemy break through the front. Even more archers were deployed on the edges of the village, in rooftop perches, on strategic scaffoldings, and in designated fortified tree perches. They were hidden amongst any elevated spot, ready to attack, ready to rain down a sweeping wave of terror at the first rush of an enemys army. This would be their first line of defense.
After the initial resistance by the longbowmen would come the foot soldiers, shield to shield with each other, to press forward, advancing on the enemy to push them back. Lastly, the mounted cavalry would strike to back up the foot soldiers and quell those enemies who had gotten through.
It was a solid first strategy for defending the domain, and between the river and the moat that encircled the castle, Ravan believed it gave his smaller army a fairly modest edge. This they would need today, for it would be a fierce battle.
As Ravan swung onto his battlehorse, he called down the row of his army. My legion! We have an enemy gathering at our gates, and this one is grave, for we dont know the purpose of this battle. This we will discover only as the fight unfolds. He lifted his sword high above his head. But I promise you thisI will lead you and stand by you until this day is done!
The army yelled in unison, raising their weapons above their heads, encouraged by their leaders words.
Ravan loped his steed down the long line of his men. Your families will be defended! He spun the magnificent horse about and galloped back. Our enemies fight for gain! We fight with our hearts! All across the kingdom people will hear of this battle, and I will not rest until the last of our enemy are destroyed!
There was a roar from the troops. They pounded upon their shields, called their allegiance to their magnificent leader. These men were battle readied. Many were from the villagesons, fathers, brothers. Theyd come to recognize the code by which this unusual ruler commanded his domain and grown to trust his compassionate might. These soldiers would fight fiercely and with conviction, standing by their Lord at all costs. Now, with the bare glimpse of daylight, the time for war had come.
Motioning to the archers overhead, Ravan received signal that they were ready, and the white flag, the one with Ravans coat of arms in starkly black contrast on it, was replaced with a black flagthe coat of arms emblazoned in bloody red.
Then, as the opposing army slunk across the narrow field that separated them from the village, Ravans army left the castle groundsand the battle began.


CHAPTER ELEVEN


Several hours went by and Moulin could stand it no longer. He left Moira in the care of the children, deciding he would post a guard at the mouth of the catacombs as an extra precaution, and this would be enough. He was simply compelled to see what was transpiring above.
Please, Risen begged after he was gone, and fairly out of character. Its been so long. Ill bet the battle is already won.
Moira seemed unconvinced.
Just something. PleeezeIm starved. He appealed to Moira with his most sincere smile. Just some bread, maybe some cheese. At least for Niveus.
Niveus, meanwhile, appeared scarcely concerned whether breakfast arrived or not.
Very well, Moira conceded. But stay with her. Ill run to the kitchens, be back before you even know I was gone.
After she left, Risen knelt in front of Niveus. She ignored him, only continued to press her finger at intervals along the rough mortar between the massive stones. Niveus, he said calmly and tried to catch her gaze.
Truthfully, Risen was the person she most attended to at times, and she ceased her task, focusing on her brothers face.
Niveus, I must go, but Ill be back soon.
You should stay.
Her response surprised him. I have to go. But it will be all right, I promise. Ill be back before lunch and well have that cheese together.
You should stay, she repeated.
He leaned into her, kissed her on the forehead. Dont worry, and dont say anything. Just pretend you didnt know.
But I do.
He sighed. Stay here, Niveus. Moira will be right back.
There were two torches lit in the library, staked on either side of the room. Risen considered taking one of them, but then decided not to. If the last torch, for whatever reason, went out, he worried Niveus would be alone in the dark.
He approached the library door, looked back over his shoulder, and saw Niveus staring right at him, focused clear as could be on her brother. She said nothing, only stared.
I love you too, he said.
There is only so much you can do.
He held here gaze, said nothing in return. Then Niveus was left alone.
Easing from the library, Risen snaked his way back down the catacombs, feeling his way along the black tunnels as he went. He knew them, knew them perfectly, for he and Tobias has spent many hours playing in them. What was more exquisitely perfect for boys to play in than a blackened maze of tunnels?
Today, however, there was no stolen torchlight to show the way, and he could see absolutely nothing. Once, when their torch had gone out before they meant it to, Tobias had described it as black as Lucifers ass.
Risen could feel his heartbeat quicken as he inched his way along, could feel cold on the back of his neck. Was Lucifer with him now, he wondered, then shook the notion from his head. God is with me, he murmured and counted, one, two, three aisles, turn right, one, two more. It went on like this for a bit. However, instead of making his way up to the ground floor of the castle, Risen changed his course, sidetracking to another room some distance from the library.
Inside the room was nearly nothing. It was bare except for one enormous large tapestry on the opposite wall. He knew the tapestry was there, even in the pitch blackness. As he felt his way around the margin of the room, drew his hands over the icy cold of the stones, he was relieved to feel the edge of the tapestry in his hands. Slipping behind it, he heaved the massive timber aside with a grunt and opened the hidden door.

*  *  *

He was no longer in a catacomb. No, this was narrow tunnel of a different sort, trussed with massive timbers, but earthen besides. It was much more narrow, and at intervals, he came to a door. Each time, he heaved the heavy wooden bar aside and let it fall where it would. Each time, he closed the door behind himself and continued on, feeling of the tunnel wall as he went.
Not expecting his nerves to trick him so, he was surprised how quickly anxiety crept up on him, perching between his shoulder blades, tapping him on the back of his head. Listen to me, pay attention, be afraid, it tried to say to him, but he silenced it.
You dont scare me! I might be alone, but he began to say then stopped himself. He wasnt alone! No, he had his first in command with him, just as Father said he always should! As he inched his way along, it was only natural that his memory returned to the time when he and his father built the knife together. That had been a wondrous couple of days.

*  *  *

There was no man alive whom Risen idolized more than his father. He observed Ravan help Nicolette maintain security in their realm and had watched in naive awe as he trained his warriors himself, instilling not just strong battle skills but keen devotion to their leader. When his father said they should build the knife together, Risen was only eight years old.
It fascinated the boy, the meticulous process as they heated, hammered, and seated the steel. The fire burned fierce for a long time in the oven, and Ravan taught his son how to bellow the coals to a brilliant golden white, coaxing the temperature even higher.
The steel glowed like a brilliant bolt of lightning when they pulled it from the flames. Risen had never seen anything so raw, so fundamentally perfect as the white steel drawn from the fire. Then, it took hours longer to bring from the rough metal the fearlessness of the double edged weapon. Back into the flames it went, then to the forge. When Risens arm weakened, tired with the hammering, they heated the steel again, and Ravan simply waited until the boy could again pick up the steel mallet, not invading upon the process anything more than guidance.
Several times the boy wanted to cease, fatigued of the process, satisfied that the blade was hammered well enough, but Ravan gently insisted that it could be better. It taught Risen something more than the art of it all; it taught him a respect of the weapon, of the potential of it.
They lastly seated the steel in an antler tine, something that struck the boy as odd, for hed never seen such a thing before. His father spoke of another blade he once made, when he was a boy not much older than him.
Pig-Killer, he called it.
Did you kill a wild pig with it? Risen asked in wondrous sincerity.
Ravan paused, as the boy noticed he sometimes did when his memories took him far away. His son knew the look, knew that for his father some things were beyond speaking of. The boy lifted a small hand, passed his fingers over the scarthe one that marked the wound that shouldve taken his fathers left eye but somehow didnt. The scar extended from Ravans forehead, across his brow and deep onto his left cheek. His father had told him he was fourteen years old when this one had claimed his face for its own.
There were many scars on Ravans body. Risen had seen most of them and wondered how his father had survived the wounds and remained as strong as he was.
Did it do this to youthe wild pig? the child asked, his voice soft with compassion as he touched the scar again. Such a wicked pig it mustve been to smite you in such a way. Im glad that it is dead.
Ravan took his sons hand into his own and smiled at the innocence he enjoyed. Risen, evil can befall good men. You must always be ready for this. A friend is always good to have if such a thing happens, and this, he motioned to the blade in progress, will be your friend when you feel you have no other.
He then gently guided the boys attentions back to their task, and together they fashioned the weapon over the span of three days.
I made this? Risen was incredulous when they were done. What shall I call it? He held the finished weapon up, marveled at the glint of light on the perfect edge as he tested the balance of it in his hand. It seems so big, he admitted as he awkwardly flipped the blade over, promptly dropped it, and scurried in his embarrassment to pick it up, gently brushing the dirt from it with his finger.
Indicating he should try again, Ravan watched with some amusement as the boy attempted to flip the blade again, failing just as before. It will earn a name. Until then, it is simply your first in command. And as your first in command, you should have it with you always. You must know this friend, know it as well as you would a brother. Ravan paused, collected himself and added, Your hand will grow into it with time.
His father snatched the blade up from the dirt after Risens third attempt, held it flat in his palm, then with a series of moves, flipped the blade magically back and forth over the front and back of his hand. It seemed to come alive with an animation all of its own until he grasped it from mid-air and lunged, plunging it into an imaginary foe with an impressive yell that Risen believed was not quite human. The boy startled, stepped backwards, wide-eyed with awe. Truthfully, most men wouldve done the same.
I want to be able to do that someday, the boy whispered in reverence.
You will, his father chuckled. Until that time, a lesson. Then Ravan spent patient hours schooling the boy in the proper art of wielding a small hand weapon. A blade is a beautiful thing, Ravan coached him. It is small enough, light enough, that it is much more personal than a sword. It is the tool of your artbecomes part of your arm. See
He swept the blade with deadly precision. It almost disappeared and just as magically reappeared as though enchanted. All at once, he stopped, the blade tip so near his sons face he could have touched his nose with it.
Ravan eyed his son closely as though to see if he comprehended what he was trying to impart. Your knife becomes an intrinsic part of your intent, an extension of your heart, your soul. What you do with it is infinitely more intimate than what you accomplish with any other weapon.
As an eight year old boy might do, Risen focused on the display. Father, show me how to do what you did with it, just a moment ago! He stabbed at the air, poorly mimicking his fathers demonstration.
Risen, Ravan gently stopped his sons efforts and made him face him, kneeling so they were nearly eye to eye with each other. If you kill something with this blade he slipped the blade into his sons hand, if you kill another living thing with thisit will be one of the most personal deeds you will ever do. You must know this, for the good or the bad of it. It can lay to rest a lifetime of persecution ortorment you for an eternity.
These were compelling words for one so young. The boy held the blade across both open palms. He gazed at it, studied it, saw his own reflection in it, wondered if it saw into him as well.

*  *  *

As he made his way slowly through the tunnel, the weapon lay hidden in the boys right boot where Ravan had insisted he keep it always. His calf holster was just below the knee, and the blade rode comfortably there. It likely would remain undiscovered by an enemy should he eventually need it.
With the blade in your boot, at your age, you will reach it easily in a fight, more easily than if your arms are locked in battle and the blade is at your side. You can lift your boot to your hand at any time. Ravan grabbed his son, pinned his arms to his sides, and wrestled him to the ground. Get it! his father laughed, get it and exact your retaliation!
The boy struggled, finally bending his knee so that the blade met his hand. Sweeping it from the holster, he yelled, Hyah! You are undone, Father!
Ravan released his son, laughing. Good. You see?
This made perfect sense to Risen, and hed practiced just what his father taught him, rolling on the ground in mock battle and bringing his foot up to his pinned right hand. Risen believed his father was right on nearly all things, and the young warrior flourished under his tutelage.
Encouraged by the steadfast presence of his first in command, Risen opened the final door and stepped from the hidden mouth of what appeared to be a small cave tucked into a secluded hillside some ways from the castle. Pulling his way through the dense bank of fir shrubs, he cursed them as their needles tormented and scratched at him, hindering his advance.
Why were these here? He was frustrated at the delay. Then he answered his own question. Not only did the miserable shrubs obscure the mouth of the tunnel, no one would be inclined to see what lay behind them. His next thought was something to the effect of just how brilliant he believed his father was.


CHAPTER TWELVE

Sylvies Home: The Night Before

Sylvie sat next to her father, curled up by the hearth and enjoying the last of the dying fire. It was late, and Tobiasworn out as the scrappy, twelve year old boy could behad already gone to bed. Her mother was mending Tobias trousers. It seemed like his were eternally torn, and she was humming softly to herself as she did, a habit of hers that her daughter particularly loved.
Sylvie thought it peculiar how if she asked Mother to hum for her, she was self conscious about it and refused. Now, she hummed a beautiful, lilting ballad, and Sylvie listened intently, cherishing every note. Winter was breaking as the first hints of spring were beckoning, and with her family warm and fed and the soft bleating of infant lambs outside, it was a perfect evening.
She leaned heavier against her father as he wrapped an arm around her, pulling her closer to him. What did you do today? he kissed her on top of her head.
I fed the sheep, mucked the pens with Tobias and helped mother. We washed
No, after your chores, what did you do when the work was done?
She tipped her head back, eyes flashing with excitement. I drew the letters in the dirt.
The letters?
Yes, the ones that Risen and Lady Nicolette have taught me. The letters. It works, Fatherit works! She contained her hushed excitement so that she wouldnt disturb Mother or awaken Tobias.
Works? What do you mean? He smoothed her hair with a calloused hand and listened patiently to her reply as though trying to comprehend the magic of which she spoke.
When they go together, the letters speaklike a voice in your head. It is magnificent!
He chuckled. And what do these voices tell you.
She gazed at the burning embers, sighing deeply. Sylvie was immensely happy. It was a perfect evening, a perfect life. They say whatever you wish them to say, Father. There is no limit to it, and it is beautiful the way it happens. Her mother stopped humming as Sylvie added, The words, they can be anything you want them to be, take you to magnificent places, places even a king could not go.
Her mother laughed softly at this as her father just continued to smooth his daughters hair. It was enough magic of its own to make a young girl sleepy and was the last thing she remembered of this night.

*  *  *

Sylvie was still sleeping, lying on her side, her hands folded as though in prayer beneath her cheek, when she heard the stomping of horses feet just outside the small hovel of their home. It was scarcely light outside, and there was just enough commotion to rouse her. In drowsy confusion, she just lay there, wondering if it was time for chores or if she might dream a little while longer. As youth will do, she slipped easily back into slumber, her brother nestled against her back.

*  *  *

She and her familyher parents and younger brother, Tobiaslived on and worked their small farm. Itd once been a fief back when her father was a young man and her grandfather was still living. That had been a terrible time, a time ruled by a tyrant named Adorno. One day, the cruel prince had taken one of her grandfathers hands from him in retribution for taxes unpaid.
That was Sylvies earliest memory. Shed clung to her mothers skirts, not even two years old, her infant brother in Mothers arms, crying as Mother pushed his face into her shoulder. Mother had probably meant to turn Sylvies face away as well, to keep her from spying the dreadful cruelty, but itd been too late. Sylvie had peeked, seen the hand fly, and the wicked ruler had forbidden anyone go to Grandfathers aid.
Father fought, tried to stop them, but he was held firm by the soldiers; theyd all been forced to stand and watch. The old man was too feeble, was unable to stop the life blood that ran from his body. It was a terrible injury, and he died from it, unable to overcome the shock of the wound and the loss of blood. This was a memory that haunted the edges of Sylvies subconscious for a long time, and it was her first notion of mans capacity for cruelty to another.
With Grandfather dead, Father inherited responsibility for the fief. Before leaving the dreadful scene, Adorno spun his magnificent steed about and warned him. If he did not have the taxes by the end of harvest, Father would likewise lose something dear to him, perhaps more than a hand. The evil little man sneered and cast his gaze upon Mother.
There was nothing that could be done, and Father was prepared to take his family and leave, risking vagrancy on the road to certain harm to his family. But then something extraordinary happened. That very month, the awful ruler married, a beautiful, mysterious woman it was rumored. Just as swiftly, Adorno died, on the very same dayhis wedding day! It was as though a miracle had happened!
The feudal estates began to shift almost immediately when the strange, dark-haired bride took over the realm for herself. It was frightening and wonderful at the same time. All across the land had been skeptical at first. There had been so much pain, so much debauchery. It was hard to forget these things, to believe it could be anything different. But Nicolette was nothing like Adorno. Debts were forgiven as she transferred the feudal grants of land into hereditary holdings. The towns era of struggle swiftly passed, and peace and leniency were doled out with generosity and compassion.
Now, Sylvies grandfather was long dead, and her father owned the land. True, it was a meager farm, and just enough to modestly sustain them. But it was theirs! Yes, it carried with it the necessity of hard work and early morning chores, but the ground was fertile and belonged only to them, and the small flock of sheep was fast growing.
Sylvie never truly remembered the awful day gone by, but her soul did. Grandfathers grave was behind the house, a small walk from the garden, and she would lay flowers upon it when spring came, on his birthday. Once, years later, Lady Nicolette and Lord Ravan brought a very handsome headstone, properly engraved with Grandfathers name. It also had engraved on it a lamb, and was a gift, they saidsomething her grandfather deserved.
This was the first time Sylvie had ever seen the noble couple up close. They were mysticalall of themalmost legendary. Likewise, it was the first time she ever laid eyes ontheir son.
Then, in no time at all, she and Tobias developed a friendship with Risen, son of Lord Ravan and Lady Nicolette, heir to the Ravan dynasty. This became magic of another sort!

*  *  *

Sleeping was a luxury for the young girl, and her eyes flitted open again at the urgent sounds coming from outside their cottage. Sylvie lazily closed her eyes, wishing for a few more moments of luxury, but was faintly aware of her parents desperate voices as they spoke with the strange visitor she first thought was only a dream. This was enough to draw her much more awake. Flipping over in bed, she reached to move the shutter aside enough to see outside and peered into the barely lit morning fog.
They almost never received visitors to the farm, and this one was very unusual. She knew this man, at least of him, for he carried on his chest and the saddle blanket of his horse the coat of arms of the Ravan Dynasty. He was one of their Lords men. But what could he be so urgently concerned about this early, and with Father?
It nearly made her blush to think of him. Ravan, leader of the dynasty, was so forbidding and strong, his face so brooding and imperfect, scarred with a history he seldom spoke of. Tobias had tormented Risen on several occasions, determined to draw the stories from him. But there were few stories that he could tell, at least that is what Risen told them, for Lord Ravan was very private even to his own son.
He was so fascinating, and Sylvie heard the rumors of how hed absconded with Lady Nicolette. When everyone thought he was dead, he magically reappeared with Moira, both of them on the red mare. It was a fairytale story, and she believed it was the most beautiful tale she ever heard.
And the Lords wifeLady Nicolette. She was so gossamer, as though she would break from a mere breeze, and so very mysterious. Some even said she was a witch, but Sylvie snorted the thought away. People could be so busy with others affairsso judgmental. Even so, Sylvie had to admit the woman had given her pause on more than one occasion.
Most perplexing of all was Niveus, Risens younger sister. Theyd all three tried to lure her into their circle of friendship, had attempted to stifle the strange childs behaviors, but shed been resolute in her solitude and even more so in her conduct. She would have very little to do with them, very little to do with anyone, really.
This bothered Sylvie; she worried that the child might be mad, touched by something they could not understand. If this was so, what would her fate be? Would the Lord and Lady just keep her safe within the keep of the castle forever? What would happen to her when they were someday gone? These were questions Sylvie asked no one, only herself.
Sometimes, as they played, there Niveus would be, leaning her white head against a door jamb, peering at them with those incredible eyes. Come, Niveus. Come play with us, Sylvie had once called, but the child just disappeared, almost as though into thin air.
Its all right, Risen mumbled. She prefers to be alone.
Its because shes insane, Tobias remarked.
Dont say that! Risen was deeply offended by the question. You just dont know her, thats all. She has a destiny you cant under Hed not finished the thought.
What? Like you know? Tobias had teased him. One of your dreams?
That had not been exactly kind, and Sylvie stepped in, drawing Risens attentions away from her obnoxious younger brother.
I would like to get to know Niveus. She shrugged. She simply wont allow ityet. Sylvie gestured to the empty doorway that Niveus had moments ago lingered in.
Risen sighed, I know. Im sorry. Its just that, some would think she is mad, but I know she isnt. I know her. Only, she wont let me he struggled for the right words, wont let me in.
It made Sylvie wish to know Niveus even more, after Risen said that, just because he wished it. But it was not to be. The child simply had no sensible use for them. And, strangely, Nicolette seemed not concerned for it at all.
The horse snorted, bringing Sylvies musings back to the present. She pushed up onto her elbows and continued to peek, blinking away the sleep from her eyes, staying hidden behind the mostly closed window shutter. The rider was dressed in battle leathers and armor, not a messenger but one of Ravans soldiers. He never dismounted, only swept his hands at the woods to the northeast and then indicated, with two fingers, southwest toward the castle, up on the hillside beyond the village.
To the castle she barely heard him say, then could not understand the rest of his urgent comment. She saw her mothers hand fly to her mouth in alarm. Father swung his arms at the house, then gestured toward the sheep pens, and away he ran.
Without notice, the man spun the battle horse and galloped away. Sylvie squinted. Even with the foggy haze, there in the distance on the far edge of the village she could see a white plume of smoke already snaking upward, defiling the barely morning sky.
Dropping the window cloth, she flipped onto her back and grabbed her sleeping brother by the shoulder to shake him awake. Tobias! she called his name in an urgent whisper. Wake up! Hurry, somethings happening!
Tobias was Risens very best friend. Theyd known each other since the age of three when they first met in the market, and were naturally drawn to each otherkindred spirits of a mischievous sort, her father had laughed.
Growing up together, Tobias had benefitted from long hours with the Lords son, gaining instruction, protection and, on lean occasion, food for their family when Father had once been too injured to work the field.
Thatd been a long winter when he fell from the roof. They might have starved but, without calling for help, a soldier had arrived with sufficient reserves to get them through to spring. Theyd survived well enough and replanted when the snows broke. Father was eternally grateful, wished to repay Lord Ravan with part of his flock, but the master would have none of it.
Lately, though, Sylvie had to admit, she and Risen had been spending as much time together as the boys did. He was the first to insist she be allowed into their circle, and the three of them had become nearly inseparable for some time. They had wonderful adventures spearheaded largely by Risens unusual imagination, her streaming intellect, and Tobias fearless recklessness.
On several occasions theyd spun an adventure nearly out of control but managed to survive. It was so exhilarating, to be alive right now! Sylvie briefly thought this last year had been a perfect year, the best one ever, and the castle grounds were the perfect backdrop to play out their adventures. Risen preferred the woods, but Father worried about that, scolding him. Dont worry! The boy had assured him, Im much more fearless than anything we would meet in the woods!
Hes cut of his fathers cloth, Father had told her on more than a few occasions, shaking his head but with a smile on his face.
Sylvie was thirteen, a willowy child with strikingly unusual eyes the color of mint after a good rain. She might be thought of as frail, but what she lacked in strength and stamina, she more than made up for in instinct and brilliance. This child was naturally insightful, and although not schooled, picked up ideas so quickly that Risen had once exclaimed, Youre the smartest person Ive ever known! That had even prompted an appreciative glance from the strange, black haired beauty that was the boys mother.
Sylvie had many questions, thoughts, and ideas that she shared only with Tobias and Risen. The idea of eternity, of there being nothing before the beginning. Where did the sky go? Did it just end? Mother and Father would have been upset with her for some of her ideas, for some of her thoughts blasphemed. But Tobias and Risen never told on her, only invited her to share.
It wasnt intentional. She never meant to insult the Divine creator. It was only that there seemed to be so much more to the universe than they could know. She sometimes dreamed of moving to Paris, of reading from great writers worksRoger Bacons and William of Ockhams, or perhaps even a pilgrimage to Spain or Byzantium!
Of course, these were only dreams. It would never be allowed, for she was a girl and could yet scarcely read. Besides, it would be terribly unsafe. Perhaps, if there was no other way, she could become a nun and work from behind the cloistered walls of a church, sit and think of wonderful things no one else had. Let them think her unreasonable, but they just didnt see what went on inside her head.
But what of Risen? She could never venture too far from him. He was like a brother to her, a kindhearted, handsome, exceptionally closealmost brotherof sorts. Sylvies beautiful forehead scrunched up as she tried to categorize exactly who Risen was to her.
What Sylvie didnt know was that he was totally, madly, off the cliff in love with her. Yes, shed felt something too, something curious stirring deep within her soul, but it was not yet as obvious to her. For now, in her mind, their days were spent with wonder and adventuretruly inseparable creatures of grand fortune. And, in her early adolescent innocence, shed not noticed the way Risen sometimes looked at her lately.
It didnt matter; life was wonderful, and modern, and with all the promise of a new moons tide. And they were floating in it, surfing the most wondrously free years of their lives in blissful unawareness. Indeed, if life were always as vital as it seemed through the eyes of Sylvie this morning, there would be no need for growing up; one could live forever.
Wake up, somethings happening! Sylvie stabbed Tobias in the ribs again. He didnt have time to respond because, just then, their mother burst into their tiny bedroom, the rickety door slamming against the wall. Never had Sylvie seen her this compelling, never.
Get up, get dressed. Mother yanked the blanket off of them both and tossed boots at them each in turn. Quick now. We havent much time. Her urgency was contagious, even more so than when the storm had knocked down the west fence and the herd had gotten out, threatening to disappear in the woods.
What? Whats wrong? Sylvie pulled on her shift kirtle as fast as she could. She made it a habit to sleep in her stockings when it was cold, and reached to grab the bracethe one Ravans blacksmiths had made special for herthat rested propped against the bed stand. Wrapping it fast about her right leg, she laced it snug in seconds, having done it so many times before. Then she reached for her shoes, tossing Tobias stray one to him as he pulled on his trousers.
Mother, she called to her in the other room, Tell us whats wrong! We cant help if we dont know whats happening.
We must get to the castle, she called back to her. Theres aconflict. We need to go there fast as possible. Hurry now. Theres not much time.
Tobias began to bemoan the fact that he was up so early. Evidently he did not understand the gravity of the word conflict. Be silent! Sylvie spat at him. Were in trouble! She could see her mothers profile through the doorway as she donned her cloak. Sylvie could tell by the distressed look on her face and the way she avoided eye contact that something very serious was afoot. Something much worse than lost sheep.
Theyd known for many years that an overthrow was always a possibility; it was generally considered a risk of life. Landholdings, fiefs, and even kingdoms suffered the risk of flux at any time, especially with the English so intent on war. When takeovers happened, only the strongest survived. Change always seemed inevitable, but as time had passed, few enemies had chosen to take on the new leader of this dynasty, for the Ravan Dynasty would be a hard won target for even the worst of them.
Perhaps theyd become complacent. The realm was, most thought, secure with its force of nearly five hundred and strategic position where the river bent about a cliff. It would not be enough for invaders to take the town. They would have to take siege of the castle, and that would be a nearly impossible task indeed.
Hurry up! she pressed Tobias again. We have to go, now!
Her younger brother smashed his cap down onto his mop of brown hair and shot his sister a look. You dont have to wait for me. You know I can run faster than you any day. And with that he bolted from the room, leaving Sylvie behind.
She ignored the jibe and bit her lip, calling to her mother in the other room as she snatched up her cloak. Mother, wheres Father?
Getting the animals loose. Hurry now.
It was lambing season, and the sheep were corralled. If there really was a conflict, the animals would be safer in the pastures. Mother ushered the children toward the front door. In the distance Sylvie could hear yelling, and there was another plume of smoke from a nearer edge of the village.
Why is the village burn Tobias began.
This way! Come this way! their father yelled. He was just coming through the pasture gate and motioned from the edge of the field, waving them toward the meadow and the creek. It wound its way down and through an outcropping of forestation that ran up next to the edge of the town, farther west from them. There! he pointed. Thats where we need to go, to the woods!
Running as fast as they could, the three caught up with him in no time, Tobias dragging Sylvie along as she struggled, limp-running as best she could. Quit lagging! Why are you always so slow he shot at her, then wondered, Why this way, Father?
Because with the cover of forest we may not be seen. We can reach the edge of the town farther west, make it to the castle, Sylvie answered for him, breathless not so much from the run but from the tension she felt. It was a terrible feeling, to be in peril. She hadnt had time to pull her hair back, and it escaped, a wild, blonde and tangled mess over her shoulders and long down her back. She was beautifula lame angel struggling to keep up with the rest of them.
Sylvie is right. We need to avoid the village, try to reach the castle from around the northwest side. Itll be safer, Father said between gasping breaths.
I dont understand. Whats hap Tobias began.
Before he could finish, there was a stir and a commotion from down in the edge of the trees. Father froze and Sylvie ran nearly smack into him. Half a dozen soldiers stepped cautiously from the fringe of the woods, lances drawn, edging toward the meadow. Neither their surcoats nor their shields sported the Ravan Dynasty coat of arms.
Sylvie knew instantly. These men were not of this realm. The dead grass was quite tall where she stood, and it was obvious the soldiers hadnt spied the small family yet. But it wouldnt be long before they did. Father halted and ducked, bending over before spinning about.
Back! Back to the house! Hurry! He remained hunched over and shooed his family away, back in the direction theyd come.
But Father, she whispered as they ran. They could come from the woods behind our home as well. Should we not try to reach the village straightaway?
He ignored her, shoved her and her brother back toward the farm. Together the small family moved as hurriedly as they could, back to the meager protection of their home. Mother and Tobias ran on ahead. Father held onto Sylvies hand as he bent over.
There was only the small clearing to cross, then they would drop down into the cloister of buildings that was their little homestead. In the distance, a third plume of smoke was snaking up from another edge of the town, an indication that whatever was afoot had met with the villagers there as well.
By the time the small family was running across the small meadow that would crest in front of their home, the soldiers had spied them and were chasing, beginning to catch up with them. Mother and Tobias were still sprinting ahead. Father had a death grip on Sylvies hand and was now fairly dragging her along. Finally, he simply swooped his daughter up into his arms and raced, clutching her fast to his chest as he ran.
Sylvie, her arms clasped around her fathers neck, could see over his back, could see the man in the distance stop and raise his bow. She watched as the soldier released the arrow but she never saw it fly. It was as if in a dream, and she blinked, then felt her father gasp, stumble and pitch forward.
Thrown clear, she felt her fathers grasp yank from around her, and she hit the ground very hard, rolling over twice before coming to rest sprawled on her back. The breath knocked from her, she was unable to cry out, and only just lay there, dazed by the fall. The sky was the palest blue overhead, and she gulped, struggling to find her breath.
Turning her head, she gazed in shock at her fathers face not very far from hers. His eyes were wide, emploring. He was whispering something, and she reached a hand for him, tried to touch him.
Father lay prone, arms outstretched upon the meadows crest just before they reached the gate. With his neck craned severely to one side, his cheek was crushed cruelly into the frozen earth. His eyes were open and his lips continued to move, but no sound was coming out. Only a bubbling pink froth emerged from the corner of his mouth.
It was to Sylvie like a drawn out nightmare as he blinked so slowly, sputtering. From the middle of his back protruded the arrow. It appeared so small, so thin. Could that have hurt her father so mortally?
She was beginning to get her breath back even more and started to cry out but heard a voice calling her name from the nearby watershedthe one close to the gate that housed the irrigation cistern.
Sylvie! Quick! Come quick!
Risen?
She looked about, confused by the chaotic string of events. Father had fallen, terribly wounded, and why was Risen in the watershed?
The men would see her soon, were close enough that even though she was small, her form would come into view beyond the crest of the hill. If she laid unmoving, the soldiers would likely pierce her through with a lance, ensuring her death. It was simply the way of war. She could not know thisbut Risen would.
Hurry! Theres no time! Risen called as he dashed from the watershed and snatched her by the hand, pulling her up and dragging her the short distance back to the small outbuilding. They crashed through the narrow opening and splashed into the shallow cistern, Risen thrusting her fully inside before kicking the ramshackle door closed behind them.
Falling against the small shed wall, Sylvie turned and saw Risen silently motion for her to sit down. The tiny building was short, too short for even the children to stand up inside. Perching upon the narrow edge of the trough, for the walls of the watershed were too close in for them to lift their legs from the icy water of the cistern, they sat in stunned silence. It was so very cold, and Sylvie cried out softly.
Through the dim slits of the small outbuilding, in the growing light of day, they could see her fallen father, face down on the barren meadow knoll, the arrow sticking up from between his shoulder blades. He lay so motionless Sylvie couldnt even tell if he was breathing. I have to go to him; I have to she whispered desperately, tears stinging her eyes.
Risen thrust his hand over her mouth. His fingers were cold against her lips as he shook his head, no, eyes imploring she remain silent. He slowly e slid his hand from her mouth, all the while peering out the slits of the watershed shack, his head ducked down as though those outside could see in, could find and drag them from where they hid.
Sylvie began to let go another sob, one of fear and pain, but before it could escape her lips, Risen had his hand over her mouth again, holding up the first finger of his other hand in front of his own lips. He shook his head urgently, his dark hair flying about his face.
No, he wordlessly begged her to be silent. He made a slashing motion with his finger across his neck, and his expression seemed almost angry. He then pointed to where the water ran from the shed, out from beneath the planks that housed it. It was murky from the silt that their movements had stirred up. He rested a hand on her knee, indicating that neither should they move. Please, he mouthed the word without saying it outright.
She swallowed her cry, closed her eyes tightly, and leaned forward, resting her head onto his shoulder. She tried hard to do as he wished, to neither speak nor move her legs about in the water. Being so still only made it hurt that much more, but she said nothing. Then, she began to tremble.
Risen wrapped both arms around her, pulled her close to him, and in this fashion he held herfor the first time ever.
They sat, frozen as two stone statues, both of them curled up on the wet, earthen sod of the springs trough edges, their feet and legs increasingly numb from the cold of the water. They could barely see out from between the narrow planks and watched intently, but nothing happened for what seemed like an eternity to Sylvie.
Just when she thought they might be safe, just when she was about to say something, there were voices, and she watched intently as the strangers neared, spied the men approach the body of her fallen father.
Risen swallowed heavily and pulled Sylvie closer as though he might protect her from witnessing the scene unfolding only twenty paces from them. Try as he might, he could not. She refused to not see, could not tear her eyes from the fateful events that played outside the watershed. It might be horrible, but it didnt matter; she simply must know what was happening, must share her fathers final moments, and so she peeked just from the corner of her eye.
The men, four of them, stood about the dead man, gesturing toward the house and then to the village. They were almost indifferent until one soldier cruelly kicked the body. This time it was Sylvie who thrust her hand over her mouth.
Nothingthen the man grasped and struggled to pull the arrow from her fathers back. The body lifted with the soldiers effort, then fell heavily back with a dull thud. Planting his foot firmly on the back of the fallen mans neck, the soldier was able to wrench the bloodied arrow loose. The soldier pointed almost casually toward the house with it, and the rest of them nodded.
Risen squeezed her tighter. He could see how, even though terrified, she burned with rage. Tears streamed from her eyes, but she remained silent, didnt whimper even one sound, only watched the horror that played out before her.
He touched her, took her chin gently, and turned her face so that her stare was pulled from outside, so that her eyes met his. He pointed at his own eyes, implored her to look only at him. She focused on him, saw that his eyes smoldered with anger and remorse, saw his jaw clench tightly as he bit onto a dreadful silence all his own. But she could not know his greatest emotion was his concern for her. She held his gaze, looked only into the beautiful, mournful eyes.
Her father had been kind to Risena good man. It was true hed let Sylvie and Tobias go to play at the castle. But Ravans son had just as thoroughly enjoyed the time about the small homestead. Her father had laughed and played with them, and Risen had grown very fond of the farmer with the warm heart and the quick humor. Tobias had inherited these traits from his gentle father as well.
Fury seized Sylvies heart. It was so wrong for them to kill him! And why? What would they gain from it? Fury turned then to terror. What of Mother andTobias? She believed in that moment she could endure this no longer, that insanity would snatch at her if she did not cry out. And she would have cried out except for Risen. The sad, warm eyes of her dearest friend.
She could hear the dull murmurings of the soldiers as they moved away from her father, and before long, she could hear them no more. Even so, the two children stayed in the watershed, not moving, not speaking, not daring to go forth. Together, they swallowed their fear and rage. Together they grieved the awfulness of what they knew and feared the inhumanity of what they did not.
After an eternity, Sylvie could hear something from a short distance away. It was a low hiss, and it slowly grew, turning from a whining mewl into a crackling roar. There was no shouting; there was no crying. There was no chance for such a thing now. Only the terrible roar. She clamped her hands over her ears.
Sylvies homewas on fire.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN


What do you mean he is gone! Nicolette stormed back and forth on the stone floor of the great room that lay just off the castle entryway. It was the first time that Moulin had ever seen her truly rage, and in her fury she seemed so much larger than she really was.
He reached both hands out in appeal, unable to fathom her in such a state. Hed never, no matter the awful trials shed experienced in years past, seen her behave in such a way as this, and it rocked his notion of stability to the very core.
My Lady, he must have found the tunnels. And I have no explanation as to how. Hes never indicated he knew of them.
Were they hidden? she interrogated him harshly regarding the tunnels.
Yes, behind the tapestries.
Moulin was nearly as devastated as she that the boy was simply nowhere to be found. Risen had disappeared, vanished from the castle. Even now, guards were combing the grounds and beyond the tunnels, but Moulin feared it would prove worthless. His instinct was that the boy was truly gone. Obviously, it was Nicolettes as well.
Moira was summoned. And what have you to say for yourself? she snapped at Moira, That they were left in your keep, and now Risen is missing? Nicolette appeared as though she might strike the girlNiveus nannybut instead spun away, hands over her eyes.
Moira cried, holding the stump of her arm across her mouth. Moulin knew that she truly loved the boy, must be dreadfully worried for his disappearance as well. Im so sorry, Moira cried. He said he was hungryand thirsty. Asked me to go for some food for him and Niveus. I thinkI think he meant for me to be gone.
Guards stood at hand with Risens sister. All the while, Niveus sat unmoving as a corpse on a settee bench. Her legs were crossed at the ankles, her hands folded neatly in her lap. She gazed at an overhead window, watching the dust particles play in the hazy beam of mid-morning light. Nicolette went to her and knelt gently in front of her daughter. Niveus
The child continued to peer at the beam of light.
Niveus, where did your brother go? Nicolette rested her hands on the thin knees of her second born.
I dont know. Her peculiar eyes blinked slowly as she dropped her gaze to her mothers face.
Niveus, help me. You must know where hes gone. I know you saw something, have knowledge of something. She took Niveus by both shoulders and shook her daughter gently. Help me, my daughter. Help Risen.
He is in love, the girl offered.
Nicolette stared intently at her daughter. Then, with a sigh, she abandoned the questioning as though it would gain her nothing. Spinning from the two of them, she flew to the castles open front doors. Peering the direction from which the battle raged, she spied the plumes of black smoke that shot up beyond the castle walls and murmured as though only to herself, It is the sign. This is what I have feared. It is the loss despite the win.
Pardon? Moulin approached her from behind, stricken by the sudden unpredictable events of the last few moments.
She spun on him, ignoring his question. Bring my council to me! And fetch Ravan right away; I need him, now!
But my Lady, he leads the battle? He cant
Get himor the realm will fall. She turned in a swirl of dark robes and was gone from the room.

*  *  *

Moira was stricken. How had this happened? How had Risen orchestrated such an escape? And why would he do such a thing? Niveus was in her room, a pair of guards on either side of the door. Moira entered, closed the door, and sat down on the bed next to her.
The child curled up and closed her eyes as though she would sleep. This child slept frequently, much more often than most. Additionally, she was awake at odd intervals during the night. They even had to lock the balcony doors, for she might be found at any freezing hour, leaning over the railing, reaching for something that was not there.
Moira drew the blanket over Niveus shoulders and was startled when the child repeated softly, eyes still closed, She should have known. He is in love.
Niveus
Nothing.
Niveus, look at me.
The rose blushed eyes flashed open and peered sideways at Moira. The nanny asked, Why do you say that?
Because he is.
With who?
Niveus shrugged. I dont know. I cant know that.
Then why do you say such a thing? Moira patiently wondered.
Very deliberately, the child pushed up, crossed her slender legs, and rested her elbows on her knees. She seemed as delicate as the shell of an egg and motioned in an odd way with one hand, her fingers flitting as though she played an invisible instrument. Risen loves you.
I know that.
He loves Mother and Father too. He even loves me.
Of course. Is that what you mean? Is that what you meant to tell your mother?
The child appeared annoyed, almost tired. He loves us. He would never have left us if it wasnt for another whom he is in love with. She locked gazes with Moira. There is a difference.
How do you know this? Moira took Niveus hand urgently in her own. Tell me how you know this?
It is she swept a hand in the space around Moiras face, something I see about those who are in love. She dropped her hand and focused intently on her nanny. Father has it. Mother has it. Moulin has it. YOU have it
Moira blushed somewhat, but the child ignored it and continued, But Risens burns very brightly.
Why, Niveus? Why does it burn so bright?
Because his is the youngest, the fiercest in how primal it is, and because the other does not know of ityet.
Moira stared, dumbstruck.
Niveus explained further, It is brightest when it is a secret. Moulins is very close to the same, as is yours.
The words disturbed the handless maiden a great deal. It was true, she loveda secret no one would ever knowher Lord. And Moulin, Moira long suspected, was in love with Lady Nicolette. But Risen?
She allowed Niveus to curl back into her ball, pulled the blanket over her, and left the child to her rest. Passing the guard on her way out, she shot, Dont leave her, not even for a second.

*  *  *

Ravan crashed through the council chamber doors, followed by his first in command, and strode directly to Nicolette. Tossing his bloodied sword with a clatter onto the table, he took his bride by the shoulders with both hands. What, Nicolette? What is it? What has happened? He knew it must be fearfully important for her to call him back from battle.
The guards are searching the grounds as we speak. There is still no sign of him. She did not share the name of whom she spoke.
Risen? How, where? His eyes shot wide in alarm.
He was in the library. Moira was with himleft him to get foodand when she came back, he was simply gone.
There was something about her eyes, something Ravan had never seen before, not even on that long ago day on the cliff when she had to leave him, casting him to his fate. Her eyes held something entirely new about them. They carried an expression of dread, and it terrified him to his very core.
The tunnels? Did he know about the tunnels?
If he did, hes never mentioned it to anyone. Nicolette clasped her hands together. Ravan, he is not on the castle grounds. I can feel it. He is not here.
Staring, he searched her eyes, trying to read what she meant by this. He knew that what she said was true; his son was nowhere close by, not within the safety of the castle walls.
Why? Why would he leave? It makes no sense. This battle is far from won! He dropped her shoulders and pressed a thumb to his forehead, concentrating hard as he paced back and forth in front of them.
Perhaps someone found the entrance in? Perhaps they came into the library and took him from us? It was Moulin who shared this thought.
The mercenary shook his head. Not possible; the catacombs are too complex, and the doors are barred from within. They would have had to break through them all. He pulled his sword from the table and stabbed it into its sheath with a satisfying ring. No, there is no way the enemy could have found their way in, and we would have knownwould have heard them. Besides, the army is held. The battle is almost turned. With that he spun on Moulin. Were the tunnel doors found open?
No, all were closed, but they were unbarred, as though someone exited through them. Everything else is as it should be.
So he was either taken through them or left of his own will and closed the doors behind as he went. Ravan focused on Moulin and Nicolette, both of them. Where did he go? Think. Why would he leave, and where would he go? 
They only stared at him, and his desperation rose. You know his heart as well as I! What would compel my son to leave the safety of the castle at such a time as this; how could he disobey me?
His ferocity was more than a little intimidating, and Moulin took an involuntary step backward. Few, since the mercenary had taken control of his realm, had ever seen Ravans true wrath. Now, it was as near to being totally exposed as it had ever been.
He thought he could fightwanted to join you in battle, Moulin said hastily, Perhaps he left to do this, to try to be brave, to prove himself to you.
Pressing his fist to his closed eyes, Ravan said, Perhaps. But surely my forces would have seen him, protected him and sent a message to me that he was within the fray. All of them know himknow his appearance. He dropped his hand and focused on Nicolette. None of my men have sent word that Risen has been seen. There is much fighting to finish, but this battle will be turned in our favor. We will be victorious. Someone should have seen him if he was there, if he was in the town.
Maybe he thought he would be safer elsewhere? Moulin began to say, but corrected himself, No, thats simply not possible. Risen is smart. He would know there is no place safer than the library, not in all the land. Then he added, Even if the castle was stormed, it would be a long time before they found him hiding there, and he knows this. I know he does.
Now there was excited chatter as all present began to offer their thoughts onto the mysterious disappearance of the dark haired child. It was urgent and very pressing.
The room seemed to close in on Ravan, becoming smaller and smaller until he believed he could no longer breathe. He clenched his eyes, covered his ears with his hands as he struggled to concentrate.
The voices around him were too loud, blending, buzzing. They invaded his mind, his ability to think clearly, and he wished he were in the woods where his thoughts were the most clear and his instincts sharp as his blade. Then he would know
Silence! he boomed, and the room fell instantly mute. All looked at him with blank eyes, eyes full of regret and fear. He focused on Nicolette. I will scour the town and the castle grounds. I will find him. I promise you. And I will not return until I do.
The battle is not finished, my lord, Velecent, his first knight, cautioned him regarding the distribution of might.
We have them on their heels, Ravan motioned to his dearest friend. Send word amongst the troops. The leader of the opposition, I want him alive; bring him to the castle. He kissed Nicolette briefly and swept from the room, Velecent fast on his heels.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN


The wind was coming from the east. As it blew up and over the little knoll, the blanketing cloud of grey obscured the small hillside at intervals, cloaking for short stretches the body of HerluinSylvies father. Theyd been in the watershed for some time now, afraid to go out for fear the soldiers could yet be close. But with the cover of smoke, Risen reasoned it was their best chance to break away to the cover of the forest.
We need to gowhile the smoke is thick, he pulled his arm from around Sylvies shoulder and took her by the hand with both of his. Hers were icy to the touch. If we stay much longer, we will freeze.
Both of them were terribly cold, and Risen knew hypothermia threatened. The boy had been supremely trained by his father, knew the perilous risk of cold, especially if they were wet. It was imperative they leave the watershed. Then, they could find shelter and warmth, but, not nearby. This was not a good fire. No, they must flee and gain the protection of the castle. And he knew that if they started to move, they would warm up in their flight.
I have to get to my house. I have to find Mother and Tobias. Sylvies face was drawn, her eyes red from crying into his shoulder for nearly an hour.
We cant. If they are alive, they are not in the house. He squeezed her hand again. Sylvie, the house is gone.
She only stared, unwilling to acknowledge the burning devastation and ruin that used to be her homeand what was likely within.
Risen took her chin, gently turning her eyes away from the direction of the horrible scene. We need to run, and as numb as our feet are, we cannot run fast at first. So we must go to the woods. Sylvie, do you understand me? The woodswell be more protected there. When her expression remained blank, he put his hand on her shoulder and shook it gently.
Sylvie
I cant leave them. She snapped. Her lips were blue and her teeth chattered. Go if you want, but Im staying.
Well come back. Well go get my father, and well come back for them, with soldiers. I promise.
She frowned. Sylvie was smart, she was certainly struggling with all of it. Her capacity to reason was fading. This is what Risen thought, that she was illogically not ready to part from the home where shed last seen her family alive. Her desire to seek them out was an accidental suicide gesture if ever there was one.
Its all we can do for now. Theres no other way, and he said gently and glanced away, back out the watershed slits toward the dead man on the hillside, and I wont let something happen to you, Sylvie. I cant. Another wave of smoke swept over the corpse as though to say, there is nothing here, all is gone.
Risen focused on her pale, green eyes. We must run, Sylvie. Do you hear? We must, or else we will die.
Why are you here? Why did you come for me? She waved a hand overhead at nothing in particular. I should be out there with him! Not in here! Not in a water shack! Her accusations were emotional, and Risen knew this.
Sylvie
No! No, Im not going with you! Do you hear me? I have toI Her face was stricken.
She was in shock. Risen could see the color drain from her, see the ashen white color circle her lips and threaten to move up her cheeks.
Shhh, please think. Listen to me. We must act quickly, he tried to keep his voice low and clam. Even as he was making his plea, he could hear a commotion in the distance, closer, and coming from the town. The forces sounded as though they were getting approaching them, as though they were retreating from the fight.
Likely the siege had been unsuccessful. Risen knew that what remained of the enemy would run back to the forest, east and northeast of the townback the direction to where Sylvies scorched farm stood. It was the closest cover for the enemy. The children could stay in the watershed and succumb to the coldor they could run.
He eased the door to the watershed open and peeked around. The smoke was still billowing from the burning house and barn, and he tried not to look at Herluins body as it appeared and disappeared in the blue-white ribbons of haze. Grasping Sylvie by the hand, he pulled her up, encouraged her to step behind him from the watershed.
His feet were numb, so numb he could scarcely feel the ground underneath him, and he knew it must be even worse for her. She was a year older, but thinner and smaller than he was, and he noticed that her lips were now a dreadful shade of grey.
My mother she began.
He held his hand up to her lips to silence her and shook his head, no.
He couldnt see any soldiers around the burning house and glanced toward the forest, perhaps two hundred paces away. Squinting, he scanned the woods, looked for movement between the trees. Nothing.
Jerking his head in the direction of the forest, he started to cross the small, sloping meadow toward it. She followed in a daze. He tried to support her as they walked, his legs unsteady underneath him. Even as wobbly as they were, he hurried them along as best he could to the risk of them falling.
They were nearly halfway to the edge of the trees when he heard voices coming from behind them, perhaps from over the top of the knoll, and they were getting nearer by the second.
Hurry, he whispered, we have to hurry!
Risen, my feet she let go a whimper and smudged her already filthy face with more dirt as she wiped another flood of tears away.
Wrapping his arm around her waist, he hurried her along, half carrying her now. He considered hoisting her onto his back and running with her, but his feet were so numb and his legs so weakened, he feared he would just fall.
The voices were even louder behind them as they approached the edge of the woods, and Risen was afraid to look back. As they crashed into the first small stand of trees, he did look back and saw the small troop of soldiers, most of them on foot, several on horses, evidently fleeing for the trees as well. These men were in full retreat and did not appear to have seen the children.
Quick! Come on! he dropped his voice. We must hide!
They were barely into the thicket of the woods when they came to the small creek bed. It ran in a narrow stream westward, toward the river. The children had spent many long hours playing in this creek, and Risen knew it well, had mapped most of it in his mind just as his father had taught him to do.
Sylvie hesitated, but he plunged down the embankment into the creek, dragging her along. She stumbled, and he yanked her up, pulling her roughly along with him.
Wait! I cant! she cried and scrambled, trying to keep up.
He glanced furtively about. There, just upstream from them, was a vine entangled, earthen overhang on the near side of the stream. Risen bolted desperately for it. Underneath the slough of roots and dirt he crawled, hauling her in with him. Pulling their legs up, they curled in a ball and hid. He yanked his grime covered jacket off, draping it over them both so that it mostly covered them.
Hide, he whispered and Sylvie dropped her head, concealing her fair locks from beneath the collar of his overcoat. Praying that they were sheltered enough, that they looked simply like a dirty little boulder in the shadows, Risen peered over the collar of his coat, held his breathand waited.
He could hear the urgent voices approaching, could hear the soldiers crashingretreatinginto the trees. The men sounded afraid, defeated, and were evidently running to safety. The ground shook with their stridesthey were that closeand the men and horses all at once crashed over the embankment, right above their hiding place, leaping through the stream to the other side. It was terribly chaotic, and water and mud were splashed everywhere in the insane scramble of animal and human fear.
Risen worried the embankment might cave down on them with the weight of the horses. A wall of earth, pebbles, and grass rained down from above, but the ledge held, even when the animals leapt from it, stumbling to get their footing in the sodden bed of the stream. Finally, nearly all the men were past and running deeper into the woodsnearly.
A last man scaled the ditch. He was wounded, a trickle of blood running down the ripped clothing on his back. Losing his footing on the other side, he scrambled and grasped at the embankment. Turning onto his back to untangle himself from some brambles, he froze, his eyes narrowing as he spied the two underneath the ledge.
Risen was peeking from over the collar of his coat as the man stared, his eyes fixed coldly on the boys. There was no way the children could know the invading troops had been ordered to ransack all nearby farms, killing any they came acrosseven children. Evidentlytwo had been missed.
For a fleeting second, both just remained like this, staring at one another, the boys eyes large and pleading. In the next instant, the man simply turned away, scrambling and clawing his way up the far embankment, and was gone.
The children sat unmoving, huddled under the ledge, waiting to see if there were any more soldiers to come, waiting to see if Ravans troops would give chase. Neither of them said anything, only sat in silent terror, shocked by the mornings events and afraid to go any farther.
A hazy sun moved slowly overhead but was eventually consumed as clouds thickened and threatened, building their gray momentum as the morning passed. Risen murmured, Lets go. We cant stay here. We need to get to the castle.
This time there was no argument. Sylvie only nodded, and they eased themselves from beneath the embankment, slipping and sliding to the bottom of the little creek bed.
Which way? Sylvie shivered, her teeth clattering. Ordinarily she would know, for theyd followed the creek from her house to the castle many times.
Here, this way. Risen pointed downstream then grasped her hand and moved west, climbing from the ditch and following the edge of the creek. Gradually, the small creek turned south, back toward the open fields that ran along the edge of the realm.
Risen worried it would take them close to the tree edge too soon, that they would be seen if they continued to follow the stream, and so they strayed from it, working their way deeper into the forest. Well be safer if we stay out of sightin case any of the enemy are still coming back from battle. He tried to sound encouraging. We need to make our way west to the river. Then we can turn south to the castle. Well be safe there. It shouldnt take long.
Sylvie said nothing, just nodded and followed, staring only at her feet as she shuffled along. By and by, it started to rain, and still they pressed slowly toward the river, for Sylvie was unable to go very fast.
Risen tried to think of the colt, tried to remember that morning when the day had held so much promise. How quickly things had gone awry! He had no misgivings about the fate of Sylvies family, and it made his heart sink to consider the final moments of his best friend. He mouthed a silent prayer for Tobias, that he would be without pain and with his parents in heaven. Hed meant to save them all. This is what he told God as he prayed.
Then he wondered if his mother would be disappointed that he prayed to the God of Christians. Moulin and Moira had taught him to, and he believed it better to stack the odds in his favor. Nicolette would rather he appealed to the senses of the universe although, truthfully, he was not at all sure how to do such a thing yet. So, it was easier just to pray. The universe did not seem like a friend right now.
Once, when Risen had pressed his father about God, Ravan had admitted that he believed the harder men struggled to define God, the farther they seemed to alienate themselves from the idea of it.
Its something I believe we are not supposed to comprehend. Ravan took another swipe with the blade as he helped Risen dress the deer out. You will feel it, as do I, when you allow yourself to be overwhelmed by the wonder of all of this. He motioned overhead and around with his knife, suggesting something very universal. Even at its most tragic, the astonishment of our lives cannot be denied.
Then where do you go, when you die, I mean? If God doesnt take you away?
Ravan frowned. I believe that the essence of you, what is here he touched a bloody fingertip to Risens forehead, is part of what God is. When you die, the soul returns to the divine circulation. You neednt look for it. You are part of it, every bit as important as anything else.
This had flat amazed Risen, that his father genuinely believed this. It was a good conversation, and it gave him courage as he stumbled along, that he and Sylvie belonged, were significant in the grand scheme of things.
He glanced at her. She struggled to keep up, but did so valiantly, a firm set to her mouth. When she looked up at him, he looked away, unable to bear the pain in her eyes. It shouldnt be too much farther, he mumbled, then they both retreated into their own thoughts and trudged on.
Risen knew his father would be angry that he left the castle, furious, more likely. And his mother would be worried too, probably in ways shed never before been. Risen felt bad for Moira and Moulin, wondered if they would be implicated, and hoped that his parents wouldnt blame them too severely. Hed had tohad to leave without them knowing. This he told himself over and over, for there was simply no other way. They could not understand, and he would never have been allowed.
Recalling the expression on Niveus face as hed snuck from the library, he thought she had been all knowing. She said nothing, hadnt tried to stop him. He paused at the doorway long enough to look back at her. All she did was sit there, content in her understanding, calm in her extraordinary insight. He sensed that somehow she knewknew that he must leave. And he also knew she would not breathe a word of it.
I saved Sylvie. This belief was cemented firmly into his thoughts, for if hed not left the castle, if he hadnt snuck away to try to retrieve Sylvie and her family, they would have all perished on the hillside, she right along with her father. Risen had no misconceptions about this. Hed heard the storiesstories of how it used to be when a man named Adorno ruled the realm. Life had been cheap in those days, and it still was if you ventured very far from the sheltered safety of the realm.
Today was Risens first taste of true ruthlessness, of the savagery of man. So that was why his father held such a countenance. Now he understood! It was suddenly so clear to him, that his fathers scars were more than only on his skin. Ravan bore them much more deeply than what could be seen. It was because of the inhumanity of life that his father was the way he was, because of his historyhis years of pain and suffering.
His father had immense power, was a revered leader, and hed worked tirelessly to create stability and security in his realm. Risen realized why Ravan had a darkness about his step, a mistrust, a wisdom born of ill fate. For the first time, it made sense, was finally real.
He suddenly appreciated why his father had forbidden he join in the battle, why he was prohibited from leaving the castle. Hed resented him for it, thought hed been treated like a child. He realized that he was in the same position with Sylvie as hed been with his father. She wanted to put herself in harms way, wanted to run to the burning house, and hed forbidden it as well.
Somewhere in the depths of his heart, he believed his father would be proud of him, proud that hed been able to save at least oneSylvie.
This gave him a small amount of happiness, what little he could glean after the horrible string of events, that she was not lying upon the hillside next to her father, shot through with an arrow or speared to death. It was not a small bit of grace, and he clung to it. She was alive.
Then, he heard the horses


CHAPTER FIFTEEN


Tors troops were thoroughly taken by surprise. As they jockeyed into position for a covert attack and snuck through the tall grasses to their point of charge, something unforeseen happened. An alarm sounded, the deep call of a horn answered by another, then another, and another, until the sweeping echo of a battle signal sped above the trees, over the hills, across the village and castle grounds.
Confusion ensued, and an onslaught like no other was cast upon the intruders. It seemed the assault came from everywhere, from the sky, from the trees, up from the very earth beneath their feet.
Tors army, spread out and thinking briefly that the echoing alarm was their own, stood up from where they hid in the tall grasses and stepped into the open from along the forest edges. That proved a lethal first mistake. Arrows, seemingly from nowhere, rained down on them. It was as though God dropped them from the heavens. From every tree, from every hovels roof, from any and every perch on the villages margin rained a deluge of arrows.
A sizable portion of the invading army fell straightaway, some turned in confusion and ran, and those that remained scrambled to organize themselves for a desperate, secondary counter attack.
Then, Ravans soldiers all at once appeared as though from nowhere. Side by side and with their shields overlapping, they moved up, taking ground as the battle waged. Tors archers unleashed fire arrows, an attempt to create panic and mayhem, but the small homes on the edge of the village were deserted. There was no mass exodus, no screaming women or burning children. It was a burning village of phantoms, a pyre of ghosts, and it demoralized Tors forces greatly as the perimeter homes went up in flames but with no voices attached to them.
Next, the battle raged between the homes and along the narrow village streets. Those enemy forces that were able to break off and storm the moat of the castle were immediately picked off by the remaining castle archers. It was a brief and brutal skirmish, but the longbowmen made the difference entirely, just as Ravan had believed they would.
Years before, Tor knew all too intimately that it was Ravans bow that had been his final undoing after the skirmish in the inn, the night they foolishly confronted the dark, lean traveler who was so willing to step in front of a handless maiden. Today, Ravan no longer wielded his bow alone, but it struck as certainly and with as much fear as it had on that fateful day when Modred was felled on the hillside overlooking the inn.
Fighting to his last, the wounded leader was finally overcome by Ravans cavalry. It was the final blow for the enemy army as most of them lay dead on the fields surrounding the village and between the streets of the burning town. A handful were held prisoner, but the scant remainder of Tors forces scattered and retreated from whence theyd come.

*  *  *

The realm was wounded but secure. Ravans heart, however, was not. With long strides, he strode into the foyer of the castle to find Nicolette sitting unmoving, quietly waiting for him to return. He dreaded what he needed to tell her and expected tears, but when she looked up at him, there were none. Her eyes were dry, her face almost calm.
You havent found him, she said flatly.
There was blood on his armor, blood on his sword, blood on his hands.
My love, he knelt before her, taking both her hands in his, we are searching every inch of the town and castle grounds. The word is spread; all are looking for him. His voice was thick with regret, his mind awash with the unthinkable thought of losing his son. How had this happened? 
Memories of his own childhood threatened, and it was with great reserve that he held them at bay. Nicolette, I will find him. I will find our son.
She remained stoic and calm as she dismissed all else who were present. Waiting until they were entirely alone, she spoke intimately to Ravan. He is not here, she said simply, almost serenely, and pulled one hand free of his to touch his battle smudged cheek.
This only confused Ravan, and he arose, taking a seat next to her, still holding her. With everyone else gone from the hall, it echoed his words as he spoke urgently to his love, How do you know this? Nicolette, how do you know he is not here? We havent finished our search. Perhaps he was afraid; perhaps he is hiding or
Our child is not here. She held his gaze firmly, the finality of the statement dumbfounding.
Buthow?
Ravan was very nearly to tears, undone by his inability to find his missing son. Itd been nearly thirteen years since hed wept tears of grief, but nothing in his entire life had threatened him so much as the thought of losing a child.
She waved the question aside. Our son is gone. Then, matter-of-factly, Now we must find him. She said it as though they were only just realizing it and simply must effect a strategy.
Gone? Is he
Ravan couldnt finish his question and swallowed the fear that choked him, that stung his heart in a way he never thought possible. It was the most wonderful thing he could ever have imagined, to have children of his own, but also the most terrible, for it opened up a vulnerability hed never imagined could exist.
No, my love. She allayed his fears at once. Risen lives. He simply does not live hereon our grounds. He has chosen either to leave, or he has been taken. I cannot be sure which, but I believe it to be the latter.
I dont understand! How? He knelt in front of her. Nicolette, no one breached the walls of this castle. He wouldve had to exit by the tunnels, wouldve had to make the choice to go away
I dont know how, or whyjust that he is. Nicolette folded her hands onto her lap. But we must find him, quickly. I fear time is not on our side.
Even as quiet and controlled as she was, he saw beyond the stoicism, behind the stone wall of all that was Nicolette. Ravan closed his eyes, drew a deep breath in, and forced his mind to slow down, driving from it the images that threatened, images of many years before, of when he was yet a child and of how badly things could be for his son.
Help me to know. Help me to search where I must, he begged.
Nicolette stood, took her husbands face in her hands.
His eyes pleaded as he rose to his feet. Can you? Can you help me find our son?
Sylvie, came a weak voice from the hall entry.
Sylvie? Ravan repeated as he spun around to find Moira standing in the cloistered entryway. He asked dumbly, Herluins daughter? I dont
He is in love with her, she interrupted, mumbled as though sorry, as though she should have known and shared this long ago.
Love? What do you speak of? Ravan advanced on Moira, and she cowered as he towered over her. He took her by her shoulders, forced her about, and searched her face for the truth behind what she said. Moira, he is only a boy. He cant 
Nicolette approached her husband from behind, rested a hand on his shoulder. Ravan
He paused as images flashed before his eyes, images of his past. He tried to remember, tried to sense what his son might be feeling. Immediately, he was reminded of the Fat Wife, how much hed loved her and how, as a mere boy, hed been willing to lay his life down for her. Just as quickly he remembered the Old Onehed loved him too, as sure as he would take another breath.
Ravan shook his head. He had no doubt he loved both of them, even as a boy. But in love, as inwhat he felt for his Nicolette? Could it be? His passion for her was unequaled. He must have her, must be with her. There was simply no other way, and hed known this almost from the moment hed first laid eyes upon her. He would fight to his death to stand beside her as he did now. But Risen? Could this be what his son was feeling now? Could it be as Moira believed, that he was in love?
How do you know this? Ravan demanded of Moira, done with the mystery of it all.
Niveus told me, she shared as she tried to drop away from his hold and into the shadows.
Niveus? What nonsense isshe could not know! She his comment faded as his mind raced. Ravans daughter was the greatest mystery of all, even greater to him than Nicolette. He insisted, Tell me! Moira, tell me! and squeezed her perhaps tighter than he should.
She did not say, Sylvie, Moira was very nearly undone and blurted desperately, She only said he was in love. I pressed her on it, but she did not know who, only that he was. Moira appealed to him, It must be Sylvie, my Lord. There can be no other.
Ravan released her and spun, his hand to his eyes as he processed what the maiden shared.
Yes. Nicolette closed her eyes as though focusing on the possibility. Yes, it is so. He loves her, she repeated. As truly as you love me; of this I am certain.
How could he not have known this? How could he not know this about his own son, that he was in love? Hed just seen him this morning, seen the bright fire in the eyes of his first born as hed marveled at the miracle of the newborn colt. Was that spark only for the sake of the horse? Or was there something else that drove the life into his son on this of all days?
Tobias, he said urgently. Hes gone to Tobias house to try to help them, to try to save Sylvie, his voice was low, almost a whisper, and carried with it the awful realization of what this could mean.
Nicolette nodded in grave agreement, and Moiras hand went up to her mouth. But, that is on the northeast side of the realm. It would be 
directly in the path of the retreat, Ravan finished the awful thought.
Immediately, he called his best available knights together. Within minutes, Velecent and nine of his finest men stood before him. He whirled as he paced in front of them.
Did we warn Herluin? The sheep farmer northeast of townTobias and Sylvies father?
Velecent nodded, There was a guard there this morning, late, just as opposition forces moved upon the east perimeter of the town. I cannot say what happened to them after that.
To Nicolette he promised, I will not return until I find him. Then to Velecent, Come with me, and stormed from the room, his closest friend and most elite soldiers fast on his heels.

*  *  *

The tiny farm was destroyed, the house and small outbuildings burned nearly to the ground. Charred remains of what was left of the fire hissed and spat in the soft blanket of rain, and smoldering, blackened rubble lay in twisted piles of lost memories. Ravan lingered on the edge of what used to be Sylvies home. He thought to himself how fire was such an awful weapon, so quickly employed in a military campaign and with such a terrible cost.
He scanned the wreckage, his knights furiously digging through what they could. It was tedious, and a dreadful waitthe most awful of all as they searched for remains of casualties.
Velecent approached his friend from the side, riding up close enough that they sat abreast of each other. Its such a shame. And for what?
Ravan said nothing, only squinted, searching the distant forests edge, his eyes scouring the tree line.
His friend paused a moment longer before sharing, Herluin is dead.
This gathered Ravans attention immediately. How?
He motioned to the distant meadow, the one with the small hillside and gate that led to the back pasture. There, if Ravan squinted he could see, not very far from a watershed, the figure of a corpse lying face down on the ground.
He was struck in the back, a deathly blow, his friend explained almost regretfully.
And his family?
Nothing yet, Velecent shrugged. He had two children, you say?
Yes, a boy and a girland his wife.
Ravan swallowed thickly and drew his eyes back to the smoldering rubble. He had a boy and a girland a wife. Hours before, his life had not been so different from Herluins. This gave him a pang of regret. Adorno had been unkind to this family, and then hed been unable to foresee this, to prevent such suffering.
Why had he been attacked? What had compelled this army to pit its force against the Ravan Dynasty? His reputation was wide and well known. A victory against him would be an ungodly task, even if the army outnumbered him as greatly as two to one. Why? His coffers were great, this was true, but no greater than other easier targets, and much of his amassed wealth was redistributed to the realm. Yes, it stood as a convincing example of why the town thrived as well as it had, but it should not have made them a significant target. Ravan had no good answers to these questions, and they tormented him.
At long last, his men confirmed that there were two bodies within the burnt remains of the buildingone adult and one childalthough they could not be certain who, for the remains were so obliterated. This caused Ravan to consider deeply what Nicolette had believed, that Risen was in lovewith Sylvie.
There is not another child? Ravan interrogated the search party.
No, my Lord. None that weve yet seen, a soldier replied.
Could Risen have made it to the small farm? In some way, had he been able to save the girl he loved? Or was it just wishful thinking to believe that because theyd not found the body of Herluins second child that shed survived? 
Ravan remembered his flight in the woods so many years ago. Theyd said a boy could not do such a thing. They said itd been a task like no other. Just then, Ravans belief in the determination of his son deepened.
The two men loped their horses to the top of the small knoll. Velecent sat as Ravan dismounted, walked over to the body, and turned the corpse gently onto its back. Rigor was already beginning to set in, and it wounded him that the man had been left alone on the cold knoll, unable to defend his family from the terrible fire and disrespected after death claimed him.
Ravan continued to struggle with the sparse clues given him, struggled with such a seemingly reckless waste of human life. His had been a life of war. No one was more familiar with the brutality of conflict than him, but hed never before seen such cruel waste with such obvious lack of purpose. It simply made no sense.
Bury him, he commanded of several soldiers as they approached, and as they began to gather Herluins body up, he ignored them, only studied the frozen, grassy ground around the man whod for so long been a kind friend to his son. He tried not to consider too deeply the final moments of the child left amongst the burnt wreckage. Ravan was sincerely fond of both Tobias and Sylvie.
My Lord Velecent began, but Ravan ignored him.
Carefully, as though he would awaken the earth if his foot fell too harshly, he walked to the nearby watershed. All the while, he stared at the sparse earth, marred with the muddied prints of livestock.
The small door was ajar; this was unusual as the shed was intended to provide a clean cistern for the family. Perhaps the enemy had left it open on purposebut wouldnt they have vandalized it as well, destroyed the source? Maybe they hadnt had time, their greater urgency being the battle. But perhaps
All of these questions coursed like a raging fiend through Ravans head. Nearing the cistern, his eyes narrowed. He paused, continuing to scan the ground before leaning his head in and allowing his eyes long enough to focus in the dark interior of the small shack. Something wasnt as it should be; there was something more. The shallow pool was clear, but against the edges of it where the current could not quickly affect it, if one looked close enough, it was opaque with mud as though someone had recently stirred it up. He peered intently at the surrounding ledge, the narrow wooden poles, cut to provide a lip to the cistern. Kneeling, he ran his fingertips along the cold, damp, flattened surface of the wood and moss covered earth.
When the watershed ran out of secrets for him, he turned to leave it, but suddenly, there in the muck at the corner of the small shack, seemed to be a childs small footprint. He blinked, knelt to study the mark more closely, at first not believing. Running his finger along it, he told himself that it could simply be one of the farmers children, returning from the cistern with water. But then again, even a partially frozen as the ground was, he could see that the print was deep and slipping, weighted heavily on one side, the side away from the farmhouse. It would have meant that the child was running, away from the house, toward
Ravan held a hand to his eyes, studied intently the woods beyond. Leaving his horse where it stood, he strode toward the woods, stopping on several occasions to stoop and study the damp ground. Brushing his hand across what was left of the dead, waist high, winter grass, he focused again on the edge of the shadowy woods.
Velecent caught up with him, started to ask him something as though curious about what he saw, but Ravan waved him to silence.
There, the mercenary gestured with one hand. They ran there.
Who?
Risenand Sylvie.
I dont see how? Velecent appeared thoroughly amazed, almost disbelieving.
Ravan indicated the ground behind them. The prints, two children, one larger than the other.
Could it be the farmers children? Velecent wondered. You said he had two?
No, at least not both of them. Ravan looked up at Velecent, a new fire burning in his eyes. Herluin had two children, a boy and a girl.
Yes, yes I know, I
They were a year apart in age, Ravan explained, his excitement growing. The boy was younger than his sister and slight, but the girl was very small for her age, and a cripple. She was, I would say, the even weight of her younger brother, if that. Ravan could barely contain himself. But these prints, he waved again at something that Velecent struggled to see, are of two children; one heavier than the other.
I dontI thinkRavan, are you saying?
It is Risen. He is bigger than both of them. He is with one of them. Saying it out loud for himself was all that Ravan needed to hear.
Nearly knocking Velecent aside, he swung onto his horse, then dispatched one of his knights to send message straightaway to the castle, to let Nicolette know that he was in pursuit of their son. Once the messenger was gone, Ravan gathered the remaining eight soldierseight of his very bestand rode into the forest with the purpose of one who intended to take down the devil himselfif he could catch him.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN


Nicolette was in her bed chamber, standing next to the long vacant crib. Shed kept the babies bed in her room, had wanted to keep it close. She was idly rocking the cradle with one finger, very lost in her thoughts, when the soft rapping came on her door.
Yes?
There are two messengers to see you, my Lady. Moulin hesitated in the massive doorway. They bring news.
She did not ask him straightaway if theyd found Risen. Perhaps hed expected she would, and the puzzled expression on his face went unnoticed as she swept past. Down the main stairway she went, Moulin on her heels, and approached the two men waiting for her in the grand foyer. As usually happened, both messengers appeared ill at ease in the presence of the strange mistress, looking away or down at their feet as she addressed them in turn.
You have news of my son? she asked, but somewhere in her being knew theyd not found him.
No, my Lady, but our Lord has found the boys trail; he is tracking him as we speak.
Tracking him?
Herluin is dead. So are his wife and one child. However, it appears two children escaped to the woods behind the farm. The man gestured as though the woods were directly behind him. Lord Ravan believes Risen is one of them. Hes followed the trail into the forest. The messenger raised his eyes for the first time, meeting Nicolettes. He sent us to give you word that hes gone after them. Were to tell you the man swallowed, that he will not return until he has your son. The message complete, the soldier dropped to one knee and averted his eyes.
She simply nodded. I see. The man stood and seemed surprised that she was apparently unmoved by this critical information.
My Lady, he implored, we are dispatching a band of soldiers to follow after him, at this very moment. I know this must be difficult for you. The man spread his hands in appeal. Is there anything more we can do, anything you require of us? Something to ease the wait?
How many are with my husband? She wondered.
There are eight, my Lady. Eight of his best, and Velecent.
Stop them; do not dispatch the force. They will not be able to catch Ravan, and it will simply be a waste of our resources, Nicolette ordered. We must secure the safety of the town, put out the fires, help our people. With that, she was as quickly done with him, and turned to the other courier. Please, the other news?
Ohuh, yes, my Lady. The second messenger seemed as surprised as the first at her lack of emotion to the news of her lost son and blurted, We have turned the battle. Victory is ours, and we have captured the leader of the resistance. He is being held, pending return of our Lord Ravan. With some satisfaction, the man added, We are prepared to execute him forthwith, if that be your wish, and
Bring him to me. She cut him off easily.
All were immediately silent.
The soldier cautioned, But my Ladyhe is a barbarian, a ruthless
Bring the man to me now, and do not speak to him of my son. Do you understand? She stared coldly at both men, eyes flitting back and forth. Has anyone mentioned Risen to him?
The messengers glanced at each other before one answered, No, my Lady.
Good. See that you dont. And neither do I wish the captive harmed in any fashion. Simply bring him to me. She dismissed them, gesturing toward the exit for them to leave straightaway.
Yes, my Lady. The second messenger dropped his eyes. As you wish. He was wisely unprepared to argue with her, bowed his head and exited, followed by the other.
Moulin, she commanded, prepare my solar. I wish to receive my adversary there. Flank me with guards, and I want you there as well.
My Lady, this man is our enemy, he argued.
Do not question me! she hissed. It was one of the few times Nicolette had ever raised her voice to him, and her eyes flashed in a very peculiar way. Go!
As you wish. He bowed, leaving Nicolette alone in the foyer.
Gathering her gowns, she moved from the massive hall to her solar and prepared to receive the prisoner. Sitting calmly and motionless, she simply waited. Finally, all were assembled just as she commanded. Moulin stood to her right, and soldiers flanked either side of her as the prisoner was ushered in to meet his most unusual captor.
The warrior was old, at least in his fifth decade, and battle hardened it would appear. He moved as one fatigued not only with war but with life. That was not the least of it. His face was scarred from burns, and his eyes were devoid of regret. This is what Nicolette noticed first off, that the man was without fear, and it gave her caution.
The prisoner was half carried for it appeared one leg was broken, and a trail of blood was left on the floor as he was hauled in. Even so, he gave little indication of the pain he must have been enduring. Instead, he was almost sanguine.
Crippled though he was, the man found his good leg and stood, balanced before her, eyes flashing in defiance even as death greeted him in the form of a woman. He next seemed confused, looked about as though expecting Ravan at any moment. But as all men were apt to do, his attentions went swiftly to the strange beauty sitting before him.
A lesser leader than Nicolette might have cringed for the awful expression and manner of the prisoner that was dragged before her, but she only leaned forward in her seat, eyes narrowed, her chin resting in one delicate hand as she asked straightaway, Why do you hate him? Why do you wish to kill Ravan?
All present, and especially the prisoner, were surprisedsurprised that she already knew so much of the purpose of his crusade, for hed not spoken of his intent at all since his capture. None could know his true ambition. But she did.
He snarled, I seek the one named Ravan because he is a murderera killer of children.
Nicolette paused, long and patient, to consider his words before replying. My husband has killed but never a child and none that were undeserving. I ask you again, why do you wish my husband dead?
The man lifted his chin, his eyes nearly shrouded by his thick brow, his face streaked with sweat and grime from the awful battle. Peering from beneath his countenance, he sneered at the woman who addressed him. So you are the butchers whore
Moulin stepped forward, halberd raised, but with a swift lift of her hand, Nicolette commanded he not move, all the while keeping her cold gaze on the prisoner.
The man glanced briefly at Moulin before he continued. He is a murderer; he killed my son, and then because of it, his mother took her life. I have lost both of them because of this man. He took a patient, exhausted breath before adding, I am Tor, father of Modred, and I will not cease my war against the one called Ravan until either he or I am dead.
You should be careful what you wish for, Nicolette murmured with perfect calm as she sat back in her chair and studied the man.
Your husband tore from me my only living son. For the first time, emotion played across the face of the captive. He will die by my hand; for only this I live, or I will die trying.
Your son died pursuing my husband for vengeance upon the death of your knightyour brother, was he not? Is this not so?
The warrior hesitated, obviously surprised.
Is this not true? She pressed him. Ravan was fleeing with a handless maiden when you gave chaseyou, your son, and another. There were three who survived the first encounter in the inn, and none of you suspected he could smite you further. 
She stepped from the chair and appraised him from the top of the few steps, hands folded in front of her. You were taken completely by surprise when he killed your son from some distance with a single arrow. Is this not so? Nicolette recounted the events as though shed been there, as though shed seen it only yesterday.
Tor simply stared, and she probed further. If youd been successful, you would have pursued and killed him first, is this not true?
His eyes flashed with comprehension. Nicolette knew exactly what had transpired, and she knew he could not deny it. He spat, My son is deadhis mother also. It is all I care to remember, and all the reason I need to kill Ravan!
You will not kill him, not in this lifetime. But I must know of your intent for Risen, or you will die poorly, she advised, her voice deadly calm.
Again, surprise from everyone present.
The man hesitated, turned his head sideways as though he might hear her better. Risen? I know not of whom you speak. This man is unknown to me.
Nicolette slowly descended the steps to stand directly before her captive. The man struggled to stay on his feet and towered over her, but Nicolette was fearless, inching so near that she could smell the stench of battle on him.
Her eyes narrowed, and her lip curled as she spoke. My son. If your soldiers find my son before his father does, what will be his fate?
This prompted a look of shocked surprise from Tor. A son? Ravan has a son?
You didnt know, she said. It wasnt a question.
Tor sneered before his mouth widened into a sickening grin. A son, the man repeated, and exploded into laughter, the sound oddly out of place coming from one as wretched as him. It didnt last, however. He coughed, faltered, and struggled again to keep his balance, hobbling with his weight on the one leg. And he is missing? 
Just as quickly the mirth was gone. His face fell to a mask of black hatred, and he spoke viciously to her. If my soldiers find your son, he will be destroyed, he hissed. Do you hear me? Slaughtered! He pulled feebly against his captors as though he would reach her. His heart will be pulled from his chest and cooked for my supper! The man tried to launch himself at her, but the guards held him fast as he snarled, I will butcher him! Do you hear me? Butcher him! He spat on her, the spittle marring the bodice of her gown.
Nicolette ignored it and stood her ground, mere inches from him. She whispered so that only those very close could hear her. Your troops do not know of my son. Again, it was not a question, and her eyes flashed with victory. And they will never know of him from you, for you will never leave here. She lifted her chin, monarch of her realm. You are bested, forbidden forever to walk amongst the free. I, Nicolette, am your captor.
I will find a way, he hissed. I will kill him!
You will not, she replied, but then paused. However, I shall give you a choice. She acted as though she would turn, leave him to his fate, but stopped. You will not have the one called Ravan, for your army is defeated, and your cause is foiled. You will have no recompense whatsoever. Instead, you will live your days within my dungeon Nicolette focused very intently on him. or die now. It is mercy I offer you, and a warriors good death. Then she warned him, Do not vex me, or as quickly I will withdraw my offer, and you will rot. Her expression was so dark, so perfectly controlled. All within looked not at the wretched prisoner but at her.
This offer seemed to surprise him a great deal, and he took a long moment to gather himself, studying the strange woman thoroughly. At last, the man exhaled deeply. A blade. You would allow me a blade?
I would.
And allow me a decent burial so that my wife and son might find me?
I would.
And with my weapons and steeds bridle with me?
I would, under one condition.
Tor nodded. What is your condition?
Tell mewhat will become of my son if he is found by your troops?
Tor hesitated as though unsure she would keep her end of the bargain. My troops, the broken leader murmured and then smiled. Perhaps I will have my revenge after all. He said this as though to himself then studied her again before adding with a shrug, They will kill him in the raze, or sell him.
Sell him?
Yes, sell him. It is profitable, and his hide will service whatever whim his owner desires. The man said it with lewd relish, sneered as though thoroughly gratified by what all present must envision would be Risens fate. The Ottoman Sultan has a slave army. Murad will pay nicely for the boy, especially if he is fit enough to fight and can ride. If he is not, he will be fit in other ways to be sure. Is he beautiful? Like his father?
Nicolette asked bluntly, Where?
The man hedged. I cant say. The BalkansNis, Constantinople.
Can you reach your men?
I will not.
I give you one chance.
I will not. Tors expression contorted again with venomous hatred. I will not aide you in finding Ravans son. Given my chance, I would run him through as quickly as I would take another breath. His voice fell to a whisper. I want nothing more than to kill your son, but since that is not likely, it is my sincerest wish that Risen be sold and live in perfect misery, his hide defiled for eternity until they can use him no more. Then he said, loud enough for all to hear, I am done with this barter.
Nicolette considered him carefully then drew from her robes a blade and held it up for Tor to see.
Moulin stepped up. My Lady, no! I cannot allow you to 
She stopped him with only a glance then ordered the guards. Release him.
They looked back and forth between themselves, obviously perplexed by this strange turn of events.
Release him. If he charges, kill him. Buthe will not.
Two soldiers moved up to stand beside their mistress, either side, lances crossed. Tor was released, his bonds withdrawn, and he stood feebly on his only good leg in front of Nicolette, his face exhausted, his soul drained. His expression was almost one of gratitude, of impending sweet release.
She stepped toward him and held the blade up, lying flat across her palms. I promised, she said quietly, your freedom.
Tor was motionless, his eyes flitting back and forth between the blade and Nicolettes face. He swallowed and asked her, How does Ravan gather for himself one such as you? How does such a thing happen?
She only tilted her head in mild surprise and nearly smiled. If you knew the man, you would ask, How not?
For the first time in many years, his eyes softened bitterly, I am done and undone.
Yes, she murmured and handed him the blade.
Tor received it with a swipe of his hand, and before her guards had even the first chance to intervene, he plunged the blade into his own chest. His eyes widened, and he staggered backward, away from Nicolette and caught by no one. Stumbling, he fell heavily onto one hip before hitting the ground hard, his head a dull thud on the stone floor. His breathing caught, and yet he kept his eyes only on her.
She stepped to the dying man and knelt, cradling his head on her knee and whispered, I am sorry for your son and his mother. Go to them now.
The mans breath caught and he gurgled, blood running from the edge of his lips as he held her eyes. One last cough and he gasped, Thank you and was gone.
Nicolette eased the dead mans head to the floor and stood. All others present were shocked by the bizarre string of events.
She looked at Moulin, and requested of him, Carry him to the South Cemetery. Bury him there, as he wished.
My Lady, he is our enemy, a knight said, stepping forward and arguing softly.
She stopped him with only her gaze. Yes, and he is now dead. We had an agreement. I will not dishonor him. Neither will you. Bury him.
Yes, my Lady, the knight bowed deeply, submitting to her wishes, and Tor was buried later that day in the town graveyarda proper Norse burial.
Nicolette was not there.

*  *  *

Moira peeked from behind an arch into the solar hall where Nicolette sat alone and, evidently, lost in her thoughts. It surprised her when, as she was fairly hidden, her lady snapped about to spy the maiden peeking from behind the brocade curtain.
Forgive me, Im so sorry to have disturbed you, Moira stammered and started to leave.
Come here, Nicolette commanded.
Glancing about as though her mistress might be talking to someone else, Moira hesitated.
Moira, come here. I wish to speak to you. She was not impatient, only insistent.
Edging from behind the heavy curtain, Moira held her stump hidden behind her good handa habit shed adopted the day she lost the hand and one she never surrenderedand walked across the expanse of marble floor to stand in front of her lady, head bowed.
Sithere beside me. Nicolette patted softly the cushion of the ornate velvet chaise upon which she sat. I have some things I wish to say to you.
Stepping gingerly up the three steps to the elevated platform, Moira paused. Nicolette patted the cushion again, and the maiden sat next to her but as far away as the small chaise would allow her to be.
Before Nicolette could say a word, Moira rushed to unburden her heart. Im so sorry, my Lady. You and Lord Ravan have been so generous, have taken me in, saved me when surely I would have died. I take full responsibility for Risen gone missing. I
Nonsense, Nicolette interrupted her.
I-II beg your pardon?
It was true. Moira believed herself entirely responsible for the disappearance of the boy and had even considered ending her own life because of it.
That is complete nonsense, and you know it. You shall never again speak of it. Nicolette waved the issue aside.
But heboth of them were left in my care. I was supposed to keep him safe, to stay with them. I am the reason he is gone. I am the reason She averted her eyes, unable to finish her thought or bear the scrutiny of the mother of the missing child.
Risen is very clever. We both know that, Nicolette explained. He is also impulsive when he gets a notion in his head. He is perhaps like his father in that way. She gestured gently with her handa gesture, Moira thought, not unlike how Niveus sometimes did.
This almost prompted a small smile from her, and she was completely surprised when Nicolette reached out to take the stump of her arm in both hands. It very much shocked her, for few would be so comfortable as to do such a thing. She went to pull it away, but Nicolette held firmly.
Moira, my son waited until a favorable moment to send you away so that he could make his escape. Of that I have no doubt. I wish you no longer to harbor guilt about this.
But, I know him; I should have known that he would do such a thing, she argued feebly. And Niveus, I should never have left her at such a time. What if shewhat if shed She dropped her head and wept softly.
Nicolette reached to touch her face, to direct her chin so that she could see into her only eye, and exhaled slowly. We all presume to know those we love, dont we? But all of us have those chambers of our heart that we keep secretall of us. Moira, this is true. You know it to be. She released her and gestured to the expanse of the foyer. I cannot presume to know all of anothers secrets, even those of my husband or my son, than I could presume to know every star in the sky.
Moira believed that Nicolette may very well know every star in the sky.
Nicolette brought her attentions back to the maiden. My son orchestrated his flight, and Niveus is capable beyond what most would believe. You must burden yourself no further.
But, my Lady, you know things that most people dont. I mean to say She looked away, obviously embarrassed by what she was implying.
Yes, that may be true. But everyone can, at times, fall short of good intuition.
You, my Lady? No, I would never think that of you. She shook her head fiercely.
I did not know until too late that my son had feelings, that he loves Sylvie. I knew they were friends but could not see that he would leave to try to save her. That is a severe oversight for a mother, wouldnt you say? Especially for one like me?
Moiras brow creased as she thought about what Nicolette was saying. Will Lord Ravan find him? Can he save him? Is there hope? She clasped her hand over her stump and leaned toward Nicolette, willing it to be so.
I dont know, she answered truthfully. I cannot seem to determine thatthe outcome of his fate. Nicolette uncharacteristically bit her lip as she said this, seemed to withdraw into her own thoughts somewhat, but then just as easily refocused on the girl. And so I need your help. I wish to affect his fate, their fate.
This surprised Moira a great deal. She leaned toward Nicolette and spoke quietly, obviously drawn into the intrigue of the conversation. Affect his fate? Certainly! Anything! But you wish my help? I dont understand. She shook her head. What could I do that would possibly be of any help to you?
Moira, perhaps more than any other save Ravan, knew the strange gifts that Nicolette possessed. It was true that many in the realm shared secret conversations about the raven-haired mistress of their dynasty, that she was a witch. Talk such as this was intriguing but lighthearted for all in the domain sincerely respected her. Even so, she was exceedingly unapproachable, and few truly knew her.
But Moira was a part of the tempo of this fair maidens life as much as any other. She observed her lady day after day in the world that was Nicolette. Naturally, Moiras thoughts wandered to a distant afternoon

*  *  *

It was very early in the summer and dreadfully dry, even for this time of year. The farmers crops were struggling, threatening to wither before even setting their fragile roots into the soil. Ravan, the townspeople, everyone was worried. Famine had been a constant concern for as long as most could remember for several reasons: Adorno had been pitiless with his charity, cruel with his heavy taxation, and the years had been unusually cold, shortening the growing season considerably.
Lady Nicolette had every intention of establishing food reservesthat is what she claimedbut this was her first season as ruler of the realm. There was no reserve yet, and Ravan had just appeared a few months before. All were still getting to know the new rulers of the domain.
After the wedding, a mere month ago, the two of them had gone straight to work, swiftly establishing the granaries for anticipated stores. But if the weather remained so dry, it would not be this year that they were filled. Bad fortune lent to misgivings; Lord Ravan had expressed his concern that the trust of the villagers was at stake.
The baby was sleeping, and Moira was washing linen in the attached bathing chamber when she heard someone enter the bedroom suite. She heard Nicolettes soft voice float on the air as she visited, murmuring to her sleeping baby.
Moira was yet unfamiliar with the Lord and Lady of this strange realm, for they were certainly a difficult pair to get to know, but she already had a fierce loyalty to both of them, especially to Ravan, for hed saved her.
As her thoughts wandered farther down the trail of her memories, she blushed, for there was no denying what she felta visceral attraction to the mysterious mercenary turned ruler of the Ravan Dynasty. How could she not? He was so tortured, so wretched when he showed up at the inn with his fine horse. Then, he spent the better part of the evening in a state of transformation. When he stepped back downstairs, shed scarcely recognized the man, brutally handsome, even with his scars.
Moira blushed again as she recalled seeing him nearly naked, walking in on him as bathed, shedding his past in the small room of the inn. He never spoke of what the terrible circumstances were that brought him to that horrid state, and she never asked.
Then, in a whirlwind of ferocity and amazement, he rescued her, holding her in his arms as he fled the inn. For nearly a week, they traveled together. In that time, he scarcely said anything at all, only that he had business south of Paris. He said he would help her, do everything in his power to make sure she had a new beginning, a better life. It was all the time Moira needed to fall deeply in love with the dark, brooding man.
She had no way of knowing if where they were going was safe, and she really didnt care. It was the most wonderful thing that ever happened to her, to be rescued and swept away, like a dream. If she died tomorrow, she would be happy as long as she could ride with him, his arms around her. It was the happiest shed ever been.
At long last, they reached the beautiful castle, and the fantasy for Moira was ended. In a flash, there was Nicolette and the mercenarys newborn son. Of course! It all made sense! After meeting the mysterious beautythe mother of Ravans childMoira knew exactly why Ravan had been driven as one gone mad to return to the realm. They were meant to be together; it was destiny as purely raw and divine as it ever could be. Only, Ravan didnt know that Nicolette had killed the dreadful Adorno. He thought he was riding to his death when instead he was riding into the welcome arms of a new and wondrous life!
Moiras heart was immediately broken, but she could not have been happier for him.
This prompted a small smile from her, for she sincerely rejoiced in the reunion of these star-crossed lovers. How glorious it had been! And itd opened up a new life for her as well. She was grateful for this, and it was what she thought about as she swirled the babys soiled linens in the wash tub, watching as the herb infused soap bubbles gathered obediently in lacy ribbons on the edge of the basin.
She heard Nicolettes voice again, a soft conversation, and kept at her wash, leaving her Lady to her private moment with her infant son. Moira had come to recognize some time before that Nicolette seemed to prefer to remain undisturbed unless absolutely necessary, and so she continued quietly with her tasklaundering the infants garments, believing that her mistress was perhaps retiring for a midday rest.
To her surprise, she now heard two voicesthose of Nicolette and a deeper, agreeable male voice. She blushed. Of course, it must be Ravan. Standing, she at once meant to make herself known, but when she was about to step into their bedroom chambers, she caught a glimpse of the two of them just inside the balcony, facing outside, pondering the dry day.
Moira was uncertain what made her pause, but she did, unable to draw her eyes from the pair. It was a strange phenomenon, and it wasnt just Moira who was affected by it. Most had difficulty pulling their stares from Ravan and Nicolette. There was just something so captivating about them, especially when they were together.
Instead of closing the chamber-bathroom doors, Moira did something very unprincipled. She peered from behind the heavy curtain and spied at the couple standing on the far side of the bedroom.
Nicolette was speaking softly, her hands clasped loosely behind her back, facing her balcony and the parched realm beyond. She was stunning in the red brocade dress Ravan had commissioned to be made just for her. He was, as he always was, in his battle leathers and appeared mildly distressed. Gesturing with one hand out the balcony to the sky, his tone wasnt angry, more concerned as he articulated his frustration, obviously concerned with the continued dry spell.
A gentle laugh escaped Nicolettes lips, and she motioned with one hand almost as though the drought should somehow be of no concern to them. Looking beyond, her other hand went up to brush the cheek of the man standing next to her.
Ravans response was immediate. Obviously distracted from those things that might have troubled him a moment before, he turned, reached an arm about her waist, and drew her near. His head dropped so that his lips touched the white of Nicolettes throat, and he moved into her, running the kiss down her neck to the back of her shoulder.
Moira could not stop herself from watching, most significantly because the clear, blue day beyond was immediately clouding over. The lovers passion grew, right on the step of the balcony as Nicolette returned the kiss. Ravan pulled her more into himself, a gesture so sincere that Moira believed the two would truly become one.
Outside there fell the first flakes of snow. Snowin June! Beyond the small storm was sunshine in the distance, but the clouds were expanding very quickly, and soon what was left of the blue sky would be entirely gone.
Moira blinked as the snow swirled delicately, becoming slower and heavier, gradually turning to rain. And with that, the drought was lifted. Ravan, as though entirely oblivious of the brewing storm, focused entirely on Nicolette. He guided her, and the lovers made their way to the bed. Moira silently retreated farther within the washroom, drawing the door partially closed behind her as she did.
She sat unmoving, her singular eye pinched shut as she heard the lovers just beyond the door. With scarcely a sound, she listened, drawn into the beautiful carnality of it, herself filled with the sensuality of the moment. When the lovers were finally still, and all was quiet, Moira left what remained of the laundry, escaping through the servants door at the back of the washroom.

*  *  *

I wish you to bring to me nine things. Nicolettes request slammed Moira back to the present. I have need of them, and you might gather them more easily than could I, with discretion. Nicolette rose abruptly from the bench. And have Moulin help you.
The words drew Moira from her happy memory to the stark present, and she was surprised for her lapse. Anything, my Lady. Whatever you need, I would do it for youand Risen.
Nicolette listed the items, and Moiras eye widened.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


Who are they? Sylvie asked softly, meaning whod attacked the realm.
Her question surprised Risen. Theyd been quiet for some time, and he was wondering the same thing. I dont know. I dont think theyre French. Father is on good terms with the King, and he says the neighboring realms are stable.
Are they English, the war perhaps?
Shrugging, Risen replied, Im not sure. I dont think so. They dont wear a coat of arms, which is unusual. He wondered if he should say anything else, if it would be too raw, but she seemed to expect more. They almost appear to be rogue. But, it makes no sense.
This was foremost on his mind as they wound their way through the woods. Why had they been attacked? And by whom? Whod have such a grudge against his father to wage battle against the Ravan Dynasty? Risen couldnt know that he would have the answer to these questions sooner than he thought.
He heard horses long before seeing them. This surprised him, for it made no sense that the enemy might be coming back for them. But there was no mistaking it. The sounds were coming from the north, from deeper in the forest, not from the direction of the castle. At least this was what he reasoned from the direction he believed they were traveling.
This way, he said urgently, quietly. We must turn south, try to get to the edge of the forest before they catch us.
At first he tried to convince himself that the enemy was lost, that they were simply altering their own course because they were being chased by his fathers troops. Yes, that must be it, and any moment now, Father would catch up with themsave them from this awful day. Then he would take Sylvie to the castle to live with them now that her family wasgone.
True, Risen believed himself a warrior already, but his good conscience also told him that they were only children in the eyes of others, especially enemy soldiers. As precious minutes passed and his father was nowhere to be seen, he wondered again, What do these men stand to gain by wasting time and risking being discovered just to sport with the lives of two urchins? Surely they could not know that he was the son of RavanLord of the Dynasty? Risen hadnt worn his robes to indicate such a thing. Hed simply dressed warmly and in his common clothes when hed gone to see the colt this morning. That was a good fortune, he believed, for he would blend in and be ignored on his secret quest to save Sylvie and her family.
Just like that, as though someone had clubbed him with a rock, he was reminded of what happened this morning. It struck bitterly at his resolve, for he believed hed failed her family. Illogically, he thought he could have done more to save them, to rescue them from their awful fates.
This haunted Risen as he ran, his impotence in all of it. Never, in all the trials his father had put him through, had he failed, at least not to the point that he couldnt recover and try again until he could succeed. But there was no try again this morning. Murder and death could not be reversed. Of this he was painfully aware.
It was much too dreadful to think of Tobias. It made his breath short and his eyes blurry to consider his best friend and the terrible pyre that must have taken him. And Sylvie! How horrible must it be for her?
He felt her small hand in his, shook his head. It was just too much, and it was also terribly distracting. No, he must not allow these thoughts to draw him away from the obstacles they faced.
Distraction can get you killed, he remembered his father teaching him. Distraction can be a greater enemy than a blade, hed cautioned.
Risen never really understood, had only nodded obediently. He so wanted his father to think he comprehended all the lessons he meant to share. Some of them, however, just seemed so ambiguous.
His father had taken his chin harshly, forced him to look him in the eye. Risen, this is important. Do not lie to me. Do you understand?
He lied. Of course, Father. I understand. It hurt his feelings that hed been so urgent, and what did it matter anyway?
But, hed not understoodhad been incapableuntil today. Suddenly it was all clear, in all its awful truth. He was running for his life, and all he could see were the faces of those fallen and left behind. Shame washed over him. Father had only meant to give him strength, to save him.
Focusing, he forced the images of Herluins body and Sylvies charred home from his mind. He was his fathers son and would do as hed been taught, as Father would wish him to do! This, he knew he must, or he and Sylvie could die.
Concentrating, he tried to conjure up the deep, throaty voice of his fatherso strong and certainin his mind. He tried to recount the harrowing moments when he believed nothing could possibly defeat him as long as Father was there with him. Risen believed Ravan could defeat the rising sun if he meant to, and so had all the men who stood with him, at the ready each day.
Now he understood, realized why these men attached themselves to Ravan, why they were so loyal, why they would fight for him until they could fight no more. It was because of the man Ravan was.
Risen held a new and profound respect for his father. Thank you, he thought to himself as tears threatened. These only made him feel weaker, and he swiped at them with the cuff of his jacket. He believed himself inadequate compared to who his father would have him be, falling so short of the mark. I tried, I really meant to save them, he swallowed heavily in his silent dialogue with himself and tried to focus. It is what Ravan would say to do. It is what Ravan would want of him.
Her soft voice interrupted him at a terribly weak moment. Risen, Im sorry Ive put you in harms way, she said so sincerely.
Dont say that! He was embarrassed and too cross with her. Then he regretted his words, especially when she became quiet again. Im sorry. I didnt mean to be so short. But you dont ever have to apologizefor anything.
At that moment, he vowed that he would not be caught by surprise again, that he would, if he ever saw his father again, do exactly as he was instructed, pay better attention. He was, at that moment, determined to be his father.
Staying calm as he could, he ran through his head things Ravan had insisted he learntracking, hunting, surviving. And survival deemed that he must force any unproductive thoughts from his mind. It only served him and Sylvie to concentrate on their current state of affairs, to calculate their every move.
Sylvie was smaller, even though she was nearly a year older, and she clutched her kirtle in one hand so that she might not stumble as they ran. Risen glanced back at her and briefly wondered if she wished for trousers to run in. It almost brought a smile to his face.
Theyd played that once, at her insistence. Tobias and Risen argued against it, but in the end they caved for, weak as she was, there were ways that he believed Sylvie was the strongest of them all. Giving Sylvie a set of his own worn play clothes, hed risked their friendship and happiness, should they be discovered by someone. It was simply not allowed.
But they werent discovered, and Sylvie changed into Risens clothes behind a tree. It did something odd, something very visceral to him when he spied a flash of her pale arm as she changed, knew that she was in only her undergarments behind the sheltering tree. That altered things for him, set something in perfect motion in a very profound way. Then, when she stepped from behind the trees, he was changed forever. Never had he seen anything more beautiful in all his life.
Thick blond hair cascaded freely, escaping where it could to frame her face in a simply perfect way. Her eyes, so pale and lovely, were enormous and shined with excitement at what she was doing. She clasped her hands together in front of herself and shook them up and down in delight.
Look! Im a boy! she squealed, an enormous grin crossing her features.
Risen knew at that moment, beyond anything, that he was in love.
That day had been splendid. They galloped about in the forest, slaying imaginary evil and leading armies into battle, Sylvie in Risens clothing. She insisted that she was the king, King Sylvester, and commanded her charges brilliantly.
The entire day, Risen could scarcely take his eyes from her. At one point, he was the villain and was perfectly undone by her and Tobias. Flat on his back on the forest floor, he conceded defeat, Tobias sword at his throat as he lay supine.
Approached by the king, Tobias asked, Shall I behead him for you, my liege?
Sylvie took the sword from her brother, held it at Risens throat for what seemed an eternity, their eyes locked in something he was unable to define and dreaded would end.
It took Tobias clearing his throat before she said, No, I will spare his heart today, her eyes never leaving Risens
Oh, come on! Tobias complained. Where is the fun in that? Lets kill him!
Sylvie held Risens gaze, a smile playing on her lips. No, he is mine to do with as I wish. He will live.
Risen believed it was a sign, something she was meaning to say only to him. He thought his life perfect, a dream, one from which he hoped to never awaken. When their adventures were done that day, and she changed back into her own clothes, she hugged him. He endured it stiff-armed, unable to hug her back, terrified she would sense, feel, what was happening to him. From that second forth, she was all he could think of.
But today was not that day. There was no beautiful, sunny moment with Sylvies blade to his neck, no deep stirring in his soul.
The children ran for only a short distance more before it became fast evident that with Sylvie at his side Risen would never outrun the men. He knew he might escape if he were aloneit couldnt be too much farther to the castle if he ran on without herbut leaving her behind was simply not an acceptable option. Hed saved her at the farm, and he could not grapple with the idea that it might be reasonable to abandon her, run to get his father, and then chase back after her. To him, this was not even a remotely passable idea.
He was determined that he would stand by her and die with her if that was the intent of those chasing them. Becausehe loved her.
Risen, stop, Sylvie was breathless.
Do you need me to slow down?
No, thats not what I mean. Stop taking care of me. Run ahead.
No, he said flatly.
Risen
No! he maintained and continued to drag her along.
Sylvie thought otherwise. Risen, leave me. Why do you insist? Youre being unreasonable. Youre so much faster, you could go on without me. She stopped, dragging him to a halt with her. Quit being so stubborn! This is wrong. You must leave, now. I can delay them for you, and you can get away.
Im not leaving you! He shook his head defiantly.
Please listen to what you are saying, she choked, breathless from the exertion. This is not only about us. You are the heir to this dynasty. You cannot be taken. You mustnt be taken. For the good of our people, you must survive. Risen, this is not game.
He stared dumbly at her, could not believe what she was saying. It was fairly obvious that her stamina was fading. Sylvie had experienced, as an infant, the red rash disease that afflicted some. Her mother had sponged both her and Tobias with a damp rag when they succumbed to the strange pox. Tobias had the awful fever for a mere two days and was then up and abouthis normal, active self in no time. Sylvie, however, had languished with it, bedridden for over a week. The priests had come and said prayers, and the wise women had burned herbs. Even so, all had been doubtful the female child would survive. But she had survived and eventually met the young heir to the Ravan Dynasty.
Her crooked leg was a product of a bad lie during her mothers pregnancy, but her heart was permanently weakened by the Scarlet Fever. Risen didnt know any of this, only that Sylvie struggled to keep up sometimes. There was no way he could not know how crippled her heart truly was. What he did know, however, was that she had a greater capacity to love than most anyone hed ever known.
She was a frail beauty, like a fragile, spring blossom in a hail storm. Her spirit, however, was very strong. Sylvie was also exceedingly clever and calculating. And courage and compassionof these she had considerably more than most.
We are friends, Risen, she pressed him. But you are important. I am not. She appeared unwilling to take another step. You must go. We will both die if you dont, and I will not allow you to sacrifice for meever.
He was stunned by her words, not willing to accept the truth of what she was saying. They were horrible words, cruel because they were true, and so courageous. But it was simply wrong, and hed never seen her face so sad. He wanted to strike something, punish something because of the pain Sylvie had endured, plunge his knife into the heart of something evil.
When it appeared as though she would get nowhere with him, she took his hand in hers. Her words could not have come easy. Risen, I know my family is dead. I know mother and Tobias She swallowed, blinked back tears from her lovely, pale fawn eyes. Her voice was barely a whisper now. Youve been so kind to me, helped spare me. I should have died back there. You are more dear to me than anyone, but I cannot ask you to die for me. It would kill me.
This statement, put into real words, both mortified and amazed him. Risen thought she lookedstanding in the cold, damp grey of the woodsso out of place, like a precious treasure God didnt know was missing.
I wont leave you; stop saying such things. I wont! he hissed, genuinely upset with her. He was anxious, his instincts being that they would eventually be caught by someone who was of no good whatsoever.
Risen refocused, assessing their strengths and weaknesses. Sylvie was tired. It seemed she was more tired lately, but Tobias told him it was because it was lambing season, and she insisted on sitting up with the orphans.
He thought of the dagger, secured at his calf and hidden in his boot, and it gave him a small comfort that at least he had that. It was a fine dagger, and the superb edge challenged any other in the realm. Thank you, Father, he thought silently. Nevertheless, the blade gave the boy little courage today. This was not because he had unreasonable fear in his heart. It was because something else within his heartbecause of who he had next to himSylvie.

*  *  *

The men were by then within visual line of sight and advancing on them quickly. There was no doubt the children were the object of the strange soldiers intent. If Risen might have escaped, left Sylvie behind and, it was too late.
Do not tell them who I am, he cautioned harshly, and let me speak for both of us.
If they know who you are, they might effect a ransom, she whispered.
No, he warned. Its too risky, could place my father in a bad position. Dont tell them, no matter what.
This was an exceedingly altruistic thought for one so young, especially considering the gravity of their impending situation, but this child was not ordinary. He was the son of Ravanoffspring of the mercenary Lorddescendant of the one who was martyred by the priest, Data, for which his namesake remembered. This memory Ravan had made certain his son knew well.
True, the dynasty thrived when other townships had suffered, but Ravan told him how quickly this could all change, how all at once fate could cast one asunder. None knew it better than he, and he was determined that his past would be a lesson for his son. This is what he told him.
Consequently, he trained his son rigorously with the notion of survival always at the forefront. The payoff was a boy steeled beyond his tender years. He was adequate at swordplay, above average with the longbow, an extraordinary equestrian, and wielded his knife with fairly unscrupulous cunning. And all this by the tender age of twelve.
This was what Ravan had observed, and yet he pushed the boy, drilled the child continuously on matters of battle, strategy, timing, espionage, and history. And even more so on matters of deception, betrayal, and treachery, for these are the trifecta of ill fate and can close in on a good man in the beat of a heart. This was what Ravan had taught him.
These lessons were not easy, and there was more than the occasional night when the child disappeared into the dark recesses of the castle to lick the wounds of pride, cross that his father could be so difficult with him. Life was not hard, so why did Father have to make it seem so much as though it was?
During these moments, his mother would sometimes appear, sit next to her son, and offer conditioning of another sort, of the kind that removes the mind from the body, sparing the soul of horrible things.
Why would I do this? the boy had wondered aloud once, Why must I be able to remove my mind? He said it as though it were a trick.
Because if an enemy cannot reach the soul, they cannot destroy the heart, even when they believe they can, she answered without emotion.
It was moments like these that Risen wondered which of his parents truly was the stronger.
Now, as the horsementhree of the original fleeing band whod evidently backtracked for the childrencircled them, the boy tensed with something his father had told him would taste cold on the tongue.
Fear will paralyze you. Take it in your mouth like ice to a thirst, and push it first to your heart and then to your head. He touched his son on the chest and then on the forehead. Then, you will draw from the beast its strength and turn fear to your advantage.
This was the thought that entered Risens mind just now, for now, and for the first time ever, he tasted this beast called fear.
It seemed Sylvie had something more to say, but there was no time. Risen pulled her close, placed his back against hers, and faced the three men as they advanced upon them, surrounding them in a lazy circle as they walked their horses. He wondered where the rest of the fleeing band was and glanced from one to the other, taking into his mind as many details as fast as he couldweapons, size of the steed, armor over strategic anatomic spotsor not. It was then that Risen recognized the one, the man who looked back at him and met his stare at the creek bed.
And that was not all. There was another amongst them whose face immediately stood out, triggering something the boy had once heard, a memory of a tale. It was something Moira had once shared with him, when hed pressed her on how she came to live with them. She swore him to secrecy, told him he must never tell his mother or father that shed shared.
He promised, and she described a man. Now, his assailant met the description perfectly. He was brutish, his hair and beard unkempt and streaked grey and black, his eyebrows thick and menacing. A long, narrow, hooked nose flared at the end with large nostrils, and his lips were fat and wide. When he spoke, he looked like he could swallow a fish whole. Most significantly, he had one eye, and chose not to cover the vacant socket with a patch. It made for a dreadful appearance, and was exactly as Moira once described himhorrendous.
He was ghastly, she admitted, although she did not mention the man had intended to rape her, and your father rose up against the fiend as though he was less than a maggot.
Risen recognized the fiend instantly from Moiras tale and took the chance to speak first. You waste your time with us. We are only poor children and not strong. Is it your Lords wish that children would be harmed, that this might grant you shallow victory after a failure? His words were unnecessarily confident given his situation.
Silence! Yeorathe ordered, swung from his horse, and approached the two children every bit the same loathsome monster Moira described. You, he pointed at Risen. Step away from the girl.
I will not. His hand tightened on Sylvies thin wrist. He wondered if he might hurt her, but she did not cry out.
Then you will both die, the man snorted and lifted his sword as though prepared to run them both through.
Agreed, Risen replied flatly and stood as tall as his tender age would allow.
This stopped the man, and he peered at the boy, sword drawn, his only eye narrowed as he stared down the blade. You will die with the girl? You are prepared to do this?
I am. She lives, or we both die, as you wish.
And how do you mean to affect that another of the men wondered, almost bemused, if we simply overpower you?
You can destroy her, and may take me yet alive but, the instant I could, I would have my way.
No! You cant Sylvie started to object.
Silence! Risen snapped sharply to her and glanced over his shoulder. Sister, be silent now. His voice was unnecessarily gruff, but his hand held onto hers, and he squeezed gently, his eyes imploring her to follow his lead.
This caused a round of laughter amongst the others. The treacherous man with only one eye, snorted. The urchin has bite. He will bring a fair penny. The girl will serve until she no longer can. With that, they seemed to have made their choice on the matter.
Risen trembled, repelled by the expression on the face of this one, and he knew for certain this man must be the one Moira spoke ofthe fiend back at the inn before his father had come for Nicolette. This monster was one of them, one of the only two whod survived the wrath of Ravan twelve years before. The horrid man who engaged he and Sylvie was part of the terrible fight when his father had taken Moira from the inn so long ago. And so that had been the motivation for the raid this morningrevenge.
Straightaway, Risen knew that he mustnt at any cost allow his identity to be discovered, for it would certainly be their undoing and could place his father in a terribly compromising position as well.
With that the children were taken and placed on the backs of horses, separate from each other. Sylvie was placed in front of her rider, the soldiers meaty arms encircling her in a human cage. She clutched the pommel of the battle saddle, her sad, beautiful eyes stricken with fear.
Risen hated thishated that she must be held by this barbarian in such a waybut he also realized that Sylvie would be very cold, and the mans body heat would warm her somewhat. His own hands were bound tightly behind him, and he was placed behind his rider so that his only opportunity for stability on the steed was with his legs. He was careful when the horse began to crow hop to loosen the grip he had on the animals flanks, to offer it respite, the moment it steadied out, from what annoyed it.
In this fashion, Risen subtly trained in very short time the beast beneath him to accept a gentle grip of his legs. Had it been any other way, he would have hit the forest floor several times over in short order. Risen decided almost instantly that the clod who sat in front of him was an average equestrian at best. It was exhausting to try to maintain his balance as the soldier had a lazy habit of leaning backwards to stabilize himself, thrusting his shoulder blades into his young passenger and throwing him continually off balance and nearly off the back of the horse.
It was miserable going, and within the hour Risens legs ached. Even worse, the small of his back burned. He was thirsty, having drunk nothing since waking this morning. Was that just this morning? Why had he not drunk water when hed arisen? He made a mental note that, if he survived, he would never again allow that to happen, allow himself to be so careless.
His thirst intensified as the day wore on, the backache becoming almost unbearable. He closed his eyes and concentrated, sent his mind back to a time in the forest, a few precious days with his father. It was a good memory, a strong memory, and despite his anguish, the boys face softened as he recalled what his father had taught him. Risen could still hear his words

*  *  *

Theyd done tactical maneuvers for two days straight without water.
At the outset, Ravan told him, You must know how important water is. Food you can survive without for days, but without water, your will die. It feeds your heart. He thumped his fist against his chest. Without it, your enemy will have you, and it will strike you first here, his father warned him as he rested his hand on the small of his sons back.
I dont know, Risen admitted. I think hunger is so much worse. I would hate that even more.
Nodding, his father only said, We shall see.
Six hours in, the hunger gnawed at him in a terrible way. Risen wanted to stop, to make a fire and roast some delicious grouse and be done with all of it.
Father, I understand now, and I believe you. Thirst is the worse. Now, can we please camp and build a fire?
Ravan only smiled, and onward they pushed. By dusk the second day, it was exactly as his father had said it would be. Almost unbearable, an awful pain throbbed in his lower back, and his skin burned, unnaturally hot. Risen bit his lip hard to prevent the tears from coming. He believed he would sacrifice his own hand for just a sip of water.
At last, the test was done, and father and son camped together in the woods. Beside the fire they sipped cool water together. His father instructed him to close his eyes, made his son feel the life of it trickle down his throat and back into his heart. And, it was just that, a physical sensation of well-being, of coming back to life when all was so unbearable, when it seemed truly possible to die of thirst.

*  *  *

The horse stumbled, snatching Risen back to his miserable present. He glanced at Sylvie, but her head bobbed wearily, and she did not look up. He wondered how far theyd gone, peered overhead at the darkening gray blotches between the tree branches. It was hard to tell the time of day or the direction in which they were headed. Theyd not yet crossed a river, so they were either headed north or perhaps east.
Suffering can distort time, his father had once explained to him. It can make minutes stretch into hours, or make a single night seem like the solitary beat of a heart. Ravans eyes had gone to that faraway place that they sometimes went.
That night, the one you speak of. Its that night, isnt it? Risen asked. You mean the one in the prison with Uncle Data. His curiosity could not be restrained. Was it like thatthat night? Fleeting, like the beat of a heart?
This had prompted his father to turn his gaze away, his lips grim and his jaw set. Ravan hadnt answered. Sometimes, Risen wondered if his own face was painful for his father to look upon. Hed heard the rumors, knew that he reminded his father of Data. His uncle had been the bravest man Ravan had ever metthat was what his father told him. Risen wished hed known his uncle, wished he had the strength of heart to do what this man had doneto love another human being enough to lay his life down for him, after only knowing him for a single night.
The sky looked blacker now, and as the horse slid down a small embankment, Risen decided that this particular suffering made time slow to a crawl. Never mind, though. His father would figure out what had happened to him and find him. Of this he had no question. He once watched his father track a fawn across a dry pine-needle floor and pull the brush aside just enough for his son to see the yearling deer grazing thoughtfully across a small meadow.
Heresee here, Ravan whispered of the trail. Do you see? The needles are imperfect, misaligned, bowed and scuffed. He pointed at the trail but, try as he might, Risen could not see a difference. Dont worry, his father had assured him. Someday you will see as clearly as if it were a road.
They will pay. When my father catches us, they will be sorry theyve ever taken a breath, Risen thought to himself, gaining some small satisfaction from it. But his face remained blank, his outrage hidden, for he was cautiousunwilling to spark any anger amongst the foreign band of men.
As though on cue, the one-eyed leaderYeorathe they had called himstruck him hard on the back of his head with his fist. It made Risens head spin and nearly sent him flying from the horse. The headache that was already there pounded mercilessly now.
AnotherOdgar, Risen heard him calledsnarled at Yeorathe. Have your fun, but cost me resources, and I will take your other eye and eat it for my breakfast.
Yeorathe laughed cruelly, evidently unafraid, and Risen watched in silence as the man jogged his horse up to the other. They were a calculating pair, the two of them, and they gave Risen a bad feeling in the pit of his stomach, a very bad feeling. Still, Risen could hazard no good explanation for why he and Sylvie had been taken or why they were spared. What he told these warriors was true, they were only children. But their captors could not know how special these two really were.
Risen readjusted himself on the quarters of the horse as the soft drizzle died, replacing itself instead with driving sheets of rain. He frowned knowing that a downpour such as this could obliterate almost all of their trail. He prayed to any god who would listen, and to the universe, that his father had figured out where hed gone, would discover that hed escaped to find Sylvie, and that they were taken.
Why hadnt he told Niveus? At least told her? Father would eventually ask her what she knew, might have figured it out that way. In retrospect, he would have done things differently; he regretted his mistakes as the ache in his flanks worsened.
But, ironically, the miserable change in weather would offer respite. As the rain continued, it ran down his loose locks of hair in rivulets, dripping steadily in small streams off the ends. Tilting his head to one side, he gathered several of the locks between his lips and held them carefully there. Thenhe drank.
Some time later, when he neared Sylvie and caught her gaze, saw the misery in her eyes, he wordlessly showed her what to do. She knew straightaway, and gathered a stray strand of her own hair between her lips. In that way, they continued to survive.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


Ravan slid from his horse for the sixth time and knelt, scanning the forest floor, passing his hand over the long dead leaf beds. He picked up a barely broken twig to inspect it closely. It infuriated him that the burden of tracking the children was so slow, so tedious. Itd been nearly two hours, and he was just realizing that the childrens footprints had been overcome by men on horses, and the childrens trail had disappeared altogether.
For the longest stretch he tried to abandon this notion. What would strangers want with children? And one of them a crippled girl? But this was a question of insanity, for he knew better than most the capacity of men to hurt a child. Hed been one of them, one of the broken ones exploited for profit.
His heart fell. Risen and Sylvie were taken. They were on horsebackof this he was certain. It was not the earthen stretches or the forest floor that would become most difficult to track. Those would be easier. It would be rock that would confound him. If these strangers crossed rocky ground, rain would remove the subtle signs that he depended on to follow them. Then, he would be left to circling the entire expanse, struggling to see where they came off the rocks on the other side.
He raised his head and studied the fading dense stand of trees that stretched off into blackness in front of him. Please let them stay on soft ground, he thought to himself.
It was daunting, not just for the task at hand but because it was his son that he chased. Never had he felt this kind of fear before. Never had he hated someone unknown to him so completely as he did these men, and his heart swelled uncomfortably in his chest. The red veil threatened to wash across his eyes, begged to take his vision from him, to make an animal of the man.
He swallowed and squinted so hard, focused so intently on the darkening light of the fading forest, that his vision blurred. It didnt help that the rain was falling so heavily now. The only encouraging sign was the absence of one thingblood.
Velecent scanned the dense undergrowth as well, but his eyes were not nearly so keen as his friends. Do you see any sign of them? he asked outright. I dont, not a mark of them. Just the horses. The warrior tossed his light brown locks from his eyes and prepared to remount his warhorse.
They were here, Ravan indicated the small thicket, and here. He pointed at apparent nothingness on the ground in front of him. When Velecent eyed him as though hed gone mad, Ravan explained, This is where Risen and Sylvie last walked. They were taken from this spot and are headed, he pointed toward the Northeast, this direction, on horseback.
How do you know that it is Sylvie? his friend wondered. I understand the heavier childs print is your sons, but how do you know they have the girl? Velecent was perplexed.
The printsthe gait of the lighter childis uneven. He glanced up from his assessment of the ground. Sylvie is unsound.
His first in command nodded. Ah, I think I knew that. But why? he wondered, Why children? What would they want with them, and one of them lame? He pointed into the blackness of the thick forest. Why waste their time when they could justjust He appeared suddenly sheepish for the thought he almost put into words, and let the question remain unasked as Ravan shot him a scathing glance.
Say that aloud and you will regret that you did, his leader cautioned.
Velecent and Ravan were friends, had developed a slow burning kinship over the last ten years. The younger man had a keen sense of humor, laughed easily, and fought viciously. They were oddly opposite in many ways but were drawn to each other in a rare fashion. Ravan required beside him men whom he could trust. He knew, from many years of experience, that this was not easy to find and even more difficult to return.
This man, however, had demonstrated his allegiance repeatedly, on and off the battlefield, and their friendship had deepened. Risen seemed entirely enamored of this first knight as well, engaging him when he least expected it in ambush. Velecent nearly always feigned surprise, most often fell as though he was undone by the boy. Once, he laughed heartily as he gently defended himself with his sword, surprised to see how adept the boy really was!
Through the years, Ravan had become very comfortable with his younger friend, and Velecent was nearly always at his Lords side, for Ravan had grown to trust him implicitly. One day, Velecent asked without warning, Do you consider me your friend? Like a brother, perhaps? Or maybe a close cousin?
He said it with some humor to his voice. This had prompted the opposite expression of what he obviously expected, sparked a darkened countenance on the face of his master and friend as though hed pinched a nerve.
Friend? Yes, of course. I have none closer. You should know that, but I have only one brother, and his soul is risen in my son.
Your son? Velecent had laughed. Risen? You think your brother is but then he caught himself short. Of course, Velecent murmured, dropping his eyes beneath his brown locks, never to approach the subject again.
All, including Velecent, had heard tale of an earlier time, of years before when a mercenary and a giant had come to the castlebodyguards for the despot ruler, Adorno. And all had surely wondered about the giant, what had become of him, his friend. But such things were nearly impossible to speak of with Ravan. He preferred his past to remain private on many fronts and guarded it like so many lost shrines.
And, of course, over time most had heard of the twin, the priest who sacrificed himself for his brother. Perhaps Velecent wondered curiously of this brother of Ravans, the one whod died and, Ravan believed, been born again in his son. It was no secret that Risen was the veritable image of his father, and Ravan was a twin. But his son was his own! Surely he recognized this?
Velecent peered off into the darkening forest. So we ride? he offered apologetically.
Yes, we ride. Ravan swung back onto his steed, and off he and his band of men set into the creeping dusk. After a good, long while, the mercenary pulled up and sighed. His heart was heavy. He was having difficulty keeping fruitless worry at bay. Also, hed sent word to Nicolette that he was leaving but hadnt been able to tell her goodbye. Who knew for how long he would be gone?
It didnt matter, really, for he had no choice. It was simply what he must do, and logically he knew that Nicolette would understand. The terrible battle was already won, and his legion would make certain that his bride and domain were kept safe until his return. Of that he had no worry. Even so, itd been a long while since hed not slept next to her.
It bothered him a greatly that their progress following Risen was so slow. He tried to push the tormentthe unreasonable bite of impending panicfrom his mind and focus on tracking his son. This he was superbly designed for, calculating losses and wins, deciding strategic advantage and what should be done next, casting emotion aside, and getting to the task at hand. He was suited poorly for it now, however, for hed lost his son. There was little reason in the wolf that threatened to crawl up his back and into his mind, devouring his thoughts completely.
Deeper into the woods the group rode, weaving and backtracking. Ravan would track, misplace the trail, and re-find it, sometimes at a crawling walk. All the while, the rain came down, erasing in increments the very thread that connected him to Risen and Sylvie. To make things worse, when he could see the tracks clearly, the band of men whod taken them was not walking tediously along as he was; they were moving along at a faster clip, farther and farther from their terrible defeat. The distance between them was widening. Ravan and his men were losing ground in hours, and he knew it.
When nightfall forbade them to track, they stopped and camped. Before long a modest fire crackled beneath the broad expanse of a sheltering tree as the small troop of men tacked down the horses and set up the nights patrol. Ravan would be up before dawn, his men up with him, prepared and ready to pick up the trail. Tonight, they would sleep, but he would not.
Itd been a long time since hed been on a campaign such as this, but the movement of the forest and the tide of the life within it were as familiar to him as itd ever been. Reclined by the fire, his mind, ears, and soul took in the midnight expanse around him. He was wordless for a span, and his men left him to his silence, accustomed to their leader and his taciturn ways.
The horses are fed; the men have sorted out the night watch. Velecent took a heavy seat onto the ground next to the mercenary. He glanced back and forth between his friend and the fire. When Ravan remained silent, he added, Well find him, Ravan. I promise.
The firelight danced off the dark profile of the mercenary, his face grim. We dont know that. That is not a promise you can make.
Velecent brushed the comment aside. No one tracks better than you. Well find him. Weve done everything as we should. It is simply a matter of time.
If we lose the trail, Ravan tossed the branch hed been poking the fire with into the flames, our chase will run cold. That is the truth of it. Then as an afterthought, And we do not have Nicolettes intuition to guide us. He looked up at his friend, sorrowful terror in his eyes.
HmmI must agree on that one. Your bride is a weapon Id prefer not to go up against. It would be good to have her on our side.
Ravan was then silent in his thoughts. It might appear that he was reclined, perfectly relaxed by the fire, but nothing was farther from the truth. His mind was afflicted with a chaos none could see.
It disturbed him more than he would admit that Nicolette was not there. He was increasingly aware how much she could offer to the search, and he regretted that hed not gone to get her first. Most critically, she would be able to, with her keen awareness, sense Risens presence altogether. He had no doubt that, given the precise moment, Nicolette would also know if his son wasgone. Ravan frowned. It disturbed him that he doubted he would feel it, would feel a moment as significant as the death of his son.
Recalling that distant morning, twelve years before, he tried to remember what hed felt when his brother died, when he lent a dreadful hand in the final destiny of his twin. Had he sensed itthe slipping of Datas soul from this world to another? He certainly experienced grief, had barely held it together enough to convince the gravedigger that he was a surgeon in priests clothes, come for the corpse. His voice had scarcely held as he paid the man, and when he lifted the body of his brother and placed him carefully across the horse, he hid tears from anyone who might notice. But had he known, sensed the absence of him? Felt him slip from this world to the next?
These thoughts pressed him further. He wondered if hed felt his twin brother all along, his whole life? There was always that something missing that he never identified, that vacancy with a pressing urgency to fill. Itd all been so oddly vague until the night his brother had come for him, thenit disappeared.
Could that have been what his soul missed? Ravan ruminated on this thought for some time. It gave him a small amount of comfort tonight, for he decided that it was. Datas presence in the dungeon had fulfilled something, something hed not been able to mark until that momenta lossthe absence of his twin.
He sighed softly. Yes, then. Hed sensed his brothers presence, and surely a child would be just like that. Surely he would feel the absence of the soul of his son, should he be gone. And, at least for nowhe did not.
Velecent remained quiet, evidently content to simply remain by his masters side, a physical pillar of emotional strength should his friend need it. That was a good thing, Ravan decided, and the brief memory of one named LanCoste flitted across his mind.


CHAPTER NINETEEN


Moira tapped on her mistresss door.
Come.
Pushing the massive door barely open, the maiden peeked inside. Nicolette was seated near the window, her hand resting on the sill ledge. She did not turn around to see who was there.
My Lady, I have what you requested.
All of it? Nicolettes gaze remained fixed upon the fading evening light outside.
Yes, all of it. As you wished.
This seemed to surprise Nicolette, and she turned slightly so that she could see Moira.
Motioning for the woman to enter and close the door behind her, she asked softly, You engaged Moulin with the task?
I did, my Lady. He was pleased to help.
And Nicolette let the question dangle.
He will keep everything secretis sworn by me to do so.
The dark woman seated at the window only nodded. Good. Then we must begin straightaway.
What is it you require? Moira asked with acute sincerity, her hand clasped desperately to the stump in front of her. Anythinganything at all.
Nicolettes eyebrow rose as though in mild surprise. Let us hope that is not necessary. Before Moira could ponder the unusual response at length, Nicolette added, Please take everything to my study, the one on the North Castle grounds. That is where I prefer to work.
Nicolettes study was really a small cottage, one that Nicolette had reserved for herself for reading and such. Shed forbidden any to disturb her there, and alleven Ravanrespected her wishes.
Risen and Tobias had, on at least one occasion, tried to spy through one of the tiny windows but had been met by Nicolette when she exited the other side, walked around the small building, and taken them quite by surprise. She rebuked and shooed them away, and they never again intruded on her privacy. Once, however, Moira had seen Nicolette walk to the study with Niveus, holding her hand. Only once.
And I wish there to be a fire built on the hearth. Have Moulin accompany you, and let me know when all is ready. She indicated the door as though she wished for Moira to leave.
Yes, my Lady.
Moira had an uneasiness in her stomach. She bowed out of her mistresss chamber and went to find Moulin, nodding politely to the chamber guard as she left. Ordinarily, Moulin would be standing there, but with the pressing urgency of matters at hand, his presence was required elsewhere.
Moiras mood darkened as she trotted, skirts in hand, down the hall. It seemed, with Risen missing, that Nicolette was unusually calm and too willing to take time for preparedness. Shouldnt they be hurrying as fast as they could to accomplishwhat?
She passed Niveus guarded door and paused. Within, the child was standing in place and spinning, arms up in the air, humming sweetly to herself. Moira would have stopped, would have distracted Niveus from this distant place that seemed to beckon to this extraordinary child, to take her away, except that she had no time.
See that she is covered when she falls asleep, she instructed the guard, and he nodded that he would.
Biting her lip, she took the stairs almost too recklessly, bursting onto the landing where she ran nearly smack into Moulin. He had the sacks of items. Moira whispered something into his ear, and he shot her an urgent glance. Off to the cottage the two hurried.

*  *  *

Having not been in the cottage since Nicolette first claimed it as her own, Moulin paused at the door. It wasnt locked. There was no need for that. Hed once asked her if she required attendance within, and shed declined, explaining that she would tend to anything there herself. Consequently, no one ever dared invade the privacy of their lady. Now, it just seemed wrong that they were entering without her, and he was uncomfortable with his task.
Pushing the door open, the two of them filed in. The small room was just that, a single room with a modest table and chair and a large, cushioned chaise in the corner by the window. She had the window put in where it had been a simple shutter before. Evidently it was here that she liked to sit, and she could look out if she wished.
Next to the chaise was a small night table, and upon it were the remains of scores of burnt candles, each one having dripped and run to the floor in independent fashion as they spent their patient lives in the presence of Nicolette. Over time, there had developed a small mountain of wax drippings beneath the table, some of them having run across the imperfect slope of the floor like tiny molten rivers. In the growing darkness of the cottage, it appeared as so many white veins on the dark floor. It was an unusual phenomenon and, in a starkly dead way, quite beautiful.
Both Moira and Moulin gazed about the small cottage. It was as though they were looking at her nakednessthat is what Moulin thought. This was Nicolettes room, and it was veritably alive with the electricity of her.
On the arm of the chaise was a book, open and laying across the soft velvet brocade to mark its place. They could not know that this particular book was very rare, one of a kind, really. Truthfully, all books were rare, but this was one of the most rare of all, black all over and without a single mark on it. Everything within was writtenin Nicolettes hand.
Moulin wondered silently what words his mistress read, not realizing that she did not read the book at all. Nicolette had over time scratched within its pages the secrets that only her heart and mind had discovered. He and Moira would have been startled had they known that, sometimes, she scribbled even as she slept, reclined in the chaise, her hand reaching for the quill pen and ink perched within the rivulets of table wax.
Most astonishing of all was that it was the only book here. This surprised Moulin greatly as he assumed her study would be filled with stacks of volumes. True, the librarythe same one that Risen had so brilliantly extricated himself fromheld the substance of the Dynastys books. Even so, he thought there would be personal favorites of hers to be found here. And there wasonly the one.
Pausing, he steadied himself, forced himself not to step to the chaise and lift the book to spy what secrets lay within its pages. When Moira glanced first at the book and then at Moulin, he shook his head saying, We mustnt disturb anything. We should simply do as we are told. Risens life may depend on it.
You love her, dont you. It was not a question.
The statement was sudden and cruel, though shed probably not meant it to be so. Moulins lips creased tightly together. He did not turn to look at Moira, did not answer her, but only pinched his eyes closed very tightly.
A deep sigh barely escaped him, and he admitted, It pains me to lose this child, more than I can say. He looked at Moira, the torment so evident in his eyes. It pains me even more that she should lose him, that she might suffer for the loss of her son.
You love herand I love himRavan. And, there is not a thing more we can do about it.
Moulin stared at her, not wishing to believe, to accept her words as true. Yes, he whispered, and that is our plight for eternity. When she said nothing, he added almost harshly, And enough of this. We have work to do.
Nodding dumbly, Moira heaved the two small sacks up onto the table and appeared that she might remove the items, but then decided not to. Moulin went to the char-pot next to the hearth and lifted the clay lid from it. Taking from the small pot a clump of smoldering, tightly rolled, cloth embers, he laid them on the hearth and pitched a tiny cone of wood slivers and kindle chips until he was satisfied.
Blowing softly on the char cloth, the smoldering stack sparked and lit within seconds. He fed the small flame until an appreciable fire was soon crackling on the hearth, and the chill was retreating, escaping the small room like water from a fist.
Evening was upon them, and the singular window offered very little light. Moira walked to the hearth, took up a lighting twiga long, thin splinter of wood designed specifically for transferring fire from the hearth to candlesand lit several about the room until there was substantial enough light for them to see. The once starkly cold room, with its streaks on the floor and austere interior, was suddenly smaller and more intimate with the warm companionship of fire.
At precisely the exact moment that Moulin was about to send Moira with word that the hearth was prepared, the door opened, and in stepped Nicolette. He was immediately overwhelmed. She was so eternally engaging that it regularly took his breath away, but at times like this, with the dancing shadows and the gold wash of the firelight, she seemed as though she was not of this world. Even Moira stepped away with a soft gasp as Nicolette slipped silently past her, into the room.
Pulling her hood from her head, she undid the catch at her throat and allowed it to fall. Shed braided her long hair on one side and twined the braid around her head, effectively holding the rest of her ebony mane behind her back. Securing the braid at the nape of her neck was a simple twisted, coil of gold. It was starkly elegant and in beautiful contrast with the nearly snow white of her skin.
Nicolette passed the cloak to Moira. It was then that Moulin noticed the three scrolls tucked carefully under her arm. Hed never seen them before.
Without acknowledging them, she walked to the chaise, took up the book and closed it without marking itlaying it on the seat instead. She placed the folded scrolls carefully next to it. When they appeared as she wanted, she turned about and gazed at her two assistants as though having just seen them. They both stood unmoving, Moira with a look of expectant uncertainty on her face and Moulin with his heart in the back of his throat.
The items? Nicolette asked. May I see them?
Yes, yes of course. Moira hurried to the small table and opened the sack, removing the items one at a time. She didnt seem entirely happy about it as she laid upon the table, in no particular order, a small handheld mirror, a bowl of white clay, a dead bird, a ball of twine, a smooth, immaculately white pebble, a small flask of red wine, Ravans and Risens hairbrushes in turn, anda knife.
Did the bird die of its own accord? Nicolette asked.
Yes, my Ladyflew into a window this morning it seems. So recently that it is still nearly soft, almost like its only sleeping. Even so, Moira was unwilling to handle it and rolled the carcass out of the sack and onto the table with a flick of her wrist.
Nicolette approached the opposite side of the table and began to arrange the items just so. First was the small, oval mirror, laid face up on the center of the table. On the mirror she rested the dead starling, small talons curled severely, the beak gaping open, and eyes pinched shut. Taking the white clay, Nicolette carefully went to work, filling the black birds mouth until the beak was full of the smooth clay. She was meticulous to remove any excess. When it was to her satisfaction, the bird looked as though it was emitting a silent, white scream.
Next, she went to the scrolls, gathering them up with the peculiar book. Laying the book on the table, Nicolette passed each scroll in turn over the smooth surface of the closed book in a very deliberate fashion. When it appeared she was satisfied, she then passed them over the bird and mirror before laying the scrolls aside.
Nicolette took, what seemed to Moulin, a maddening amount of time to do this, her eyes blinking slowly as though time was unimportant, fading away from them. All at once, she arranged the three rolled parchments around the bird so that they were in the fashion of a triangle with the bird and mirror laying centermost of them.
I-I dont understand Moira began, but Moulin hushed her, and she stepped backward into the shadows next to him, allowing Nicolette to continue without interruption.
Taking the smooth, white pebble, she next held a candle at an angle and dripped the wax liberally upon it before swiftly wrapping the silk twine about it. She crisscrossed the string around the rock until it wound both ways so that the stone was securely tethered at the end of approximately two meters of twine.
Next, holding the pebble in one hand, she passed the coiled up twine to Moulin, indicating he should secure it to an overhead rafter. He did just that, crawling onto the small table and steadying himself before passing the thread several times round the beam until the pebble was suspended from the ceiling directly over the table.
When the pebble was secured to her satisfaction, Nicolette motioned for help, and they shifted the small table very precisely, arranging it so the bird was resting directly under the dangling wax-pebble. It was an utterly bizarre process, and all the while, nobody spoke.
Next, Nicolette took a single strand of Risens hair, pulling it carefully from his brush. Holding it up so that she could see it waft gently in the heat of the candles flame, she then dropped it directly above the dead bird so that it floated down and lay carefully across the body of the starling.
Walking to the small cupboard, she removed a delicate stoneware goblet and carried it to the table, placing it precisely on one corner of the scrolls trianglethe one, Moulin noticed, that pointed west. Measuring carefully, she filled the vessel half with red wine.
He winced, had to physically stop himself from interfering, as next she took the blade and placed it flat across the palm of her hand. Moiras hand and stump went up to cover her mouth, and Moulin clenched his fists as he willed himself to not react at what she did next.
Nicolette did not pull the blade across her palm but rather wrapped her fingers around it, narrowed her eyes, and squeezed until a tiny trickle of blood dripped from her closed hand into the goblet of wine.
Laying the blade gently aside, Nicolette murmured something unintelligible before dipping her fingers into the wine-blood mixture and flicking the sprinkles of it upon the bird and mirror. Setting the mug aside, she then rested both hands on the edge of the table, closed her eyes and stood, braced, head bowed, seemingly as unmoving as the dead fowl.
Moulin squinted to even see that she was still breathing. When he thought he could take it no longer, just when he believed he must speak, something happened
Ever so faintly, the pebble stirred. At first it seemed like it might be an illusion, and Moira gasped softly from the shadows, but then it moved again, slanting toward one of the scrolls. It stayed this way, not swinging as a pendulum might, but pulling as though it was polarized.
Reaching for that particular scroll, Nicolette brushed the other two aside. Unrolling the map, she slid it carefully beneath the mirror and dead starling. Then, repeating the process of flicking the blood-wine droplets and bracing herself in otherworldly meditation, the strange beauty manipulated the map repeatedly until the pebble pulled no more but remained unmoving, suspended straight above the bird and Risens strand of hair.
Sliding the mirror and bird carefully aside, Nicolette peered at the map, intently studying the detail that had been just beneath the mirror and hanging pebble. She took a drop of her own blood and marked the spot with a delicate fingerprint.
Next, she repeated the entire process, only with Ravans hair instead of Risens. Ultimately, the same scroll was chosen, only the final fingerprint was more north and east of the Ravan Dynasty, not south and east as Risens mark had been. This caused the dark-haired mystic to furrow her brow softly and utter something quite unfamiliar, barely overheard by the other two within the room. Moulin wondered if it were a language he simply did not know she possessed, then decided it was not.
Moira and Moulin had been silent for some time, and they remained so, as though afraid to disturb the delicate proceedings. At length, she gently rolled up the scroll. Nicolette appeared to be done with the process.
The two of them cautiously approached the table, and just as Moulin started to help her clean up the materials, the bird suddenly twitched, gasped, and choked the white clay from its beak, hopping up as though from a nap.
They were speechless, staring first at the bird then at each other.
It would appear our feathered friend was simply reposing, Nicolette murmured almost playfully and reached for the bird, encircling it with one hand before walking to the doorway and releasing it into the night.


CHAPTER TWENTY


Risen glanced over his shoulder to look for Sylvie. There she was, several horses back, and as though sensing his eye on her, she met his gaze. He tried to smile at her, to give her in some fashion the strength of hope, but his smile would not come of its own honesty, and he dropped his eyes, unable to endure the fear that he believed he saw behind hers.
Theyd been taken, and he didnt know why. He could not know that such an act was uncommon enough, but not entirely unheard of, and was most often a cruel stab by traveling mercenaries to recoup losses after failed battles. Children were taken, largely males, and sold for a decent profit, mostly to the east.
Perhaps this would not have been so commonplace except that there was, at this time, a demand for child slaves in the Ottoman Empire. There the Sultan grew an army trained of orphansconditioned to serve the greater good of the empire, taught to fight and die.
It was necessary to have children, and preferably lost souls, to accomplish this, for their young minds were malleable where adult slaves frequently were not. The children were trained to believe their final hours would be on a battle field and that dying was the ultimate honor. And this was accomplished well, fueling the wave of triumph that one named Murad I rode as Sultan of a strange and growing nation.
That first night was exhausting. Pulled from their horses, the children were bound and tethered to a tree. The ground was soaked and, without shelter, the cold was perilous. Furthermore, they were not the only ones whod been taken. Ten paces away, also tethered to a tree, were four more boys. Risen thought he recognized three of the fourtwo were boys from the village, one was completely unfamiliar, and the other one he knew very well. He knew him because it was Rowanhis friend.
Rowan, Cedric, and Tobias had been his very best friends. Days spent with them were glorious, for unlike some realms, theirs was very stable. And so, cavorting around the castle grounds, the village, and surrounding woods had been a recipe of bliss for three boys. Yes, life was good. But even so, childhood survivability was inherently with great risk. If someone was lucky enough to survive the handful of diseases that visited youth, they had a much greater chance of reaching old age. It was this pediatric demise that dragged the life expectancy curve sharply downward.
Risen knew this, was keenly aware of this on some level for hed witnessed his mother visit failing ones, sit with them in their darkest hours. It was something that quietly disturbed him for a reason he could not identify. He never fully understood how, when a dying child suffered, Nicolette wished to lay her hands upon them. What he did not see was that although it did not mean the child would survive, it seemed the pain would leave for a span, replaced by a soft peace on the face of the suffering one. Then, she would sit however long it took, touching the afflicted one until the worse life could offer them had finally passed.
Once she spied Risen and Rowan peering into a small home during one of these instances. Later, she confronted the boys. There is no spectacle in what you saw, no display to be seen.
But they died. Rowan had been fascinated but almost fearful.
It is a deeply personal journey, more intimate even than a birth, and a journey we will all take. Nicolette chastised them. But do not invade the privacy of such moments for curiositys sake. It is insulting, and would make you cruel.
Rowan was a very kindhearted boy, with his doe eyes and soft, unruly mop of hair. He told Risen that he was drawn to what hed seen that day because of the pain. He told him that he wished he could just take it away, that if he could be someone significant one day, he would want to be like Nicolettesomeone who could lessen the pain.
After that, both of them had thought long and hard on the nature of death. He and Risen visited the cemetery, saw that there were as many small graves as there were adults. It was evidently just as Father had warned, that death could come at any time, especially if you were young.
Now, tethered to the trees, Risen could see Rowans face clearly, except that he could not. His friend was injured, and the blood from a wound on his forehead had dripped down his face, significantly obscuring the boys features. He moved about least of all of them. But when he did lift his eyes, he saw Risen.
There was immediate recognition in Rowans eyes, but it was even more than this. He looked at Risen with such clarity, with such compassion, and what he wordlessly said was that he would keep their secret. Their captors would not know from him who the dark haired one was. Then Rowan smiled weakly. Perhaps he was remembering a time gone by, when they shared what boys will in the perfect hour of youth. That hour, however, was passed.
The others bound next to Rowan seemed taken with their own plights, and Risen never once saw them look his way. Lean against me, he whispered to Sylvie and twisted his wrists, searching for her hands behind him. When she did not answer him or move, he was instantly fearful. Sylvie! he said again, more harshly.
I am here, her thin voice replied.
Sylvie, hold on. My father will come for us. I promise you this; he will find us.
What does this matter, Risen. My father and mother, and Tobias 
She did not finish her thought, and he could feel her slump away from him, could hear her soft sobs.
You cannot think of that now. You mustnt. We need to stay strong, be brave. If we do not, we will not survive. He tried to maintain a calm urgency for her sake, to give her words of hope, but he could not be at all sure that she was affected by them. He was met again with silence. SylvieSylvie, are you listening?
No answer, but he could feel her allow him to take her icy finger tips into his own. He held onto her like this, and with time she leaned against him. This was very bittersweet to Risen. For months, perhaps even years, hed hoped, wished, dreamed that he might feel her body next to his. In the muted shadows of his adolescent mind, hed touched her face, wrapped his arms around her, held her hand, kissed her lips.
Never had he spoken of this to anyone, not to his parents and especially not to Tobias. It was a beautiful secret that haunted him in a wonderful way when he closed his eyes, made each sunrise that much more beautiful and the promise of the next night that much sweeter.
But everything was changed. Tobias was dead, and Sylvie was leaning against him, her thin frame sharing a warmth that was so much more than just his blood. It was the fire from within him, and he was grateful that he could give this to her.
The men whod seized them went about setting up their camp. All the while, the night stretched on and became colder. The other boys spoke very little to each other and not at all to him.
Risen, though unharmed, was woefully fatigued and could no longer feel his hands. He decided to wait until there was no more stirring around the fires, wait until the men slept. Then, if the guard was turned away, he would work his legs under himself and try to reach his boot, try to reach the knife hidden there.
He was uncertain what his next move would be. A big part of him wanted to just kill the guard, to kill everyone here! Or perhaps he would steal a horse and be off with Sylvie into the night. He already knew which horse was the strongest, knew which one would run the fastest and longest. But he might awaken the others with his efforts, and it could end very badly if they were discovered before they were altogether gone.
Another part of him thought it would be safer to cut their bonds and simply sneak away, off into the blackness of the moonless night, running with Sylvie, on foot, into the silent dark. He knew it would be nearly impossible for the guards to scatter in all directions to search for them once they were away.
But Sylvie was weak and lame. He could survive the cold, could scale a tree and wait the night out. With Sylvie, however, they would eventually be forced to stop and build a fire to warm themselves and protect them from wolves. And fire would risk them being seen.
All of these ideas flitted through his mind like pieces of an obscure puzzle. None of them were solidly falling into placeyet. Risen knew it was important to have a strategy, even if it was just a vague notion of what he must do to survive. None of his plans came to fruition tonight, however. There was no good moment to set them in motion, for a man approached them, untied their bonds and directed both of them to sit by the fire. By then, this soldier was the only wakeful manthe one left with the sole responsibility of guarding the six captives.
Sit, he commanded and pushed the two down close to the fire. Thoroughly frozen, they fell silently to the ground and were content just to allow the blaze to warm their hands and feet. Risen inched closer to Sylvie.
Are you thirsty? The man sat opposite them fumbling with a pack.
Of course we are. It was Sylvie who said this, and it surprised Risen that she was so willing to engage her captor so curtly. But, why should you care? You are a murderer of children and women, she said almost calmly.
Careful you should bait me too much, child. There are none here who care about you. The man appraised them from beneath his brows and gestured with one hand around the camp. He maintained a calm and quiet voice as he held a cup of water out to her, contradicting his statement. Looking Sylvie up and down, he added, Yes, especially you. Were it not for your he shot Risen a skeptical glance, brother, youd be dead in the forest long ago. Yes, you are alive but for this one, he indicated the dark haired boy sitting next to her, but to what fate remains to be seen.
She stared at his outstretched hand but ultimately took the cup of water from him and drank it half empty before passing it to Risen, her eyes never leaving the soldier. The man, perhaps thirty years old, nodded and refilled the mug when it was handed back before passing it this time to Risen first.
After drinking thoroughly, he passed it again to Sylvie as he asked the stranger, Why have you taken us? We are worth nothing and would only slow you on your journey.
You have worth, but we are not discussing this. He waved the question away. Suffice it to say your life is changed. If you fight, it will go poorly for you.
The man glanced from from one captive to the other and back. It unnerved Risen, for he thought the man might read his mind, might know of his feelings for the fair girl sitting next to him.
What is your name? he asked the soldier mercenary.
It is unimportant, but then the man offered, William.
You are not French.
No, I am not.
Then what have you to do with this campaign? Its unreasonable that you would
Silence! Be silent now, he hushed them. Ive no wish for debate with you. And if you awaken Yeoratheor Odgaryou will have regret.
It startled Risen that the man was so quickly agitated. For a brief second he considered telling William who he was, that he was the son of Ravan. Perhaps a ransom could be secretly arranged; perhaps the man alone would sneak them away, take them back and collect a reward. He rolled this thought about in his head and finally decided this would not do. If William rejected him and Yeorathe or Odgar discovered his secret, it could be very bad.
Instead, he said, My father and mother have wealth. They would pay, pay to have me returned.
The man motioned to Sylvie. Myfather and mother? Dont you mean our? You and your sisters? And unless your father is the Lord of the dynasty, I sincerely doubt what you say is true. The soldier scoffed softly.
Sylvie asked, If it is not for moneyif we cannot be ransomed, then why have you taken us? Why will you not tell us what it is that you want?
The man peered at the girl and replied, Push this conversation further than I care to stomach it, and I will kill you myself. He was calm in his demeanor, and this set Risen aback. But then William declared, And what does it matter anyway? It doesnt. It is of no consequence who you are. You are henceforth without a name. His irritation seemed to rise even more. Do you hear me? Your name is meaningless after today. He waved his hand at the starless night as though the heavens would concur.
Sylvie was silent, but she studied the soldier with clear, somber eyes. William did not meet her gaze.
This Englishman confused Risen greatly. He was almost angry, exasperated, but then just as easily offered them foodbread and fish. Additionally, he allowed them the warmth of the fire as they ate their modest dinner. When he returned them to their spot by the tree, warmed and full enough, he tossed a saddle blanket across their legs to protect them against the cold night. Then, they watched as he tended the needs of the other boys as well.
Yes, this man was an unusual one, and Risen thought about William for some time, for even with the blanket, he would not sleep this night. Instead, he watched, studying all around himjust as hed been taught.


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


Nearly four days had passed since the battle at the Ravan Dynasty. Three more times Nicolette went to the small cottage. Three more times she performed the magic there, gauging the whereabouts of her husband and son as the search played out. Each time, a dead bird was restored to life.
First, Moulin found the starling, a small falcon, and a thrush. The fourth time Nicolette sent him on his quest, he had to ride quite far into the woods to find a dead bird. He, one last time, returned with one, a mottled and withered sparrow. As before, when Nicolette was finished with the ritual, the bird hopped up, choking on the white clay as it sprang to life, its plumage as fresh as if it had just fledged.
Moulin was forced to wonder of what capacity this trick might be played, if she could return the life to somethingor someonemore substantial. He watched her gather up the items one last time. As she coiled her hand about the now living songbird, she released it into the grey afternoon. This time, however, as the sparrow flew away, she was inclined to follow it, stepping from the cottage as she peered into the distance to which the bird flew.
Prepare my horse, she instructed Moulin urgently. I must go.
But, my Lady, you cannot! It would leave the realm without leadership! I know you are worried, but its unwise to consider going after him. He appealed further. Our master is already giving chase. 
It was a weak argument, for Moulin knew well enough from the marks on the map that Risen was heading farther away from the direction in which Ravan was pursuing him. Hed lost the trail; of this there was no doubt. Even so, he persisted, I promised our Lord I would keep you safe. I will not break that promise. I will not!
Nicolette turned, cast her eyes on him fully. At first, Moulin thought she might rebuke him, might argue her cause against hiswhy she must chase after her son. Any mother would. This, however, was not the case. She simply stared at him, stared into his eyes and approached him very slowly. It was splendidly terrifying in a way. Nobody had more calculating resolve than she, Moulin believednot even Ravanand all of it was focused entirely on him.
He began to speak again, to say somethinghe knew not whatbut the words did not come. Instead, he felt suddenly very odd, as though something pulled at him, invading in a very inviting way his mind and thoughts. With this feeling came the notion that to give chase for the boy would be the most reasonable thing they could possibly do. If she did not, they might all die! Furthermore, he must help herhelp her in any way he could! Why had he not seen it before! It was all so clear now!
He was instantly compelled to say, Of course. I dont know what came over me. Of course you must go. There is no time to waste. Ill see to it immediately.
Before he could leave, it was Moiras turn to be confused. What? I dont understand. She focused on Nicolette. Master Ravan has gone after Risen. We have word of this, do we not? Why then would you
Before she could go any further, Moulin interrupted her. It is not your place, Moira, to question the will of our mistress. He slashed the air with one hand. You will attend to her needs, do you hear? You will ride with us, and we will be off before the sun is down.
Moira dropped her eyes to the floor, nodded, and backed away, murmuring an apology.
It is all right, Nicolette replied. Risen is taken, and the men are heading south and east. Ravan has lost the trail for he is headed north and east. I have no choice. I must go after my son.
Before long, there were whispers spreading through the castle. All already knew that Ravan was gone, searching for the young heir to their dynasty. And now Nicolette was leaving them as well. The rumors were terrifying as they contemplated their abandonment, and all of this so soon after the attack?
The town was still reeling from the effects of the battle. It would take time to repair all the damage that had been done. Homes had been burned; there were lost ones to be found, dead to be buried. The realm needed a leader today more than ever.
Dressed in his battle leathers and prepared to ride at his mistress side, Moulin waited patiently for Nicolette in the courtyard. She stepped from the castle, her heavy riding cape giving her the appearance of a dark sorceress.
She approached him urgently, Moira dressed and at her side. Moulin, you will not be going with me, she announced.
No! He was aghast. That is not an option! You cannot ride without my protection! I will not allow it. Lord Ravan would have my head and
Nicolette did something just then that shed never done. Before he could say anything else, she touched him. With her hand, as gentle as a promise, she touched his cheek. When his sputterings ceased, she said so softly that he could scarcely hear her, Moulin, our realm has need of a leader while I am away. That leader is you. The council has already been advised. I would trust no other as I trust you.
But, I He was stunned that she touched him, had spoken so tenderly to him. II cannot
You can, and you must. The people know you; they trust you. You will be able to rule in my absence, assure them that I will return. We are only just over the battle. It is a very precarious time. Without you here, the Dynasty would be vulnerable, could even be taken from us. That mustnt happen, Moulin. You must take care of the realm until I return.
He was crushed with fearfear that he would never again see her, that she would disappear from his life and never return. Nicolette, he used her familiar name now, please, please dont leave. At least not without me.
Nicolette smiled, something she so very rarely did. Oh, Moulin, you break your own heart so. Her hand fell from his cheek, and she took his hands in her own. I cannot promise you that I will return, but I can promise you thisI will try beyond anything else to come back to this Dynasty. As you know me, and as you trust me, your heart will be quieted by this, for few have ever witnessed how strong I really am. You are one of them.
There was nothing he could say. He watched mutely as the white mare, the one with the coal black legs, was brought from the stables. It was Nicolettes horse and, as always, he was mesmerized by how the mare was immediately drawn to her master, shoving her muzzle into the hand of the fair beauty that would ride her off into the unknown. Moulin helped her onto her mount, double checked the cinches and buckles before handing her the reins.
Moira was to attend to her and was mounted on a grey gelding. With her good hand she wrapped her reins around the handless arm, securing them against her side so that they would not slip.
You need guards, my Lady. You must have protectionRavans men, they Moulin choked on his words, unable to meet her gaze.
What I must do will be unaffected by any around me. Guards will not save me from my fate, she said.
It was true. As true as the passage of a second, as true as the moon that hung so silvery blue above the tree line just then, her words could not be argued. Moulin knew that Nicolette would have her way, and the way of men could not alter it in the least.
He swallowed and let go of the reinslet the mare and the woman whom he loved ride away into the dusk of the unknown.

*  *  *

The horses were tacked up and ready to move before it was even light. As the first ashen threads of daylight played with his eyes, Ravan picked up his weapons and glanced up as Velecent approached him.
The horses are ready. We ride now? Velecent appeared game for an early start.
Assemble the men. I want to be gone the moment I can see the trail.
With this, Velecent studied his feet, kicked the muddy ash on the edge of the fire pit with the toe of one boot.
What? What is it? Why do you wait? Ravan was frustrated but not because Velecent delayed.
I am your friend. You know I am. Velecent sighed heavily and faced Ravan straight on. Ravan only waited. What I mean to say isyou know the trail will be dead today.
There was a moment of quiet outrage. Silence! His master choked then repeated himself more quietly. Be silent, please. You do not help me with your doubts.
Ravan refused to look Velecent in the eye. Instead, he pulled from his pocket a lock of hair. It was a braid, woven from his son. Risens hair had hung long down his back at about eight years of age, and Nicolette cut several hands length from it after braiding it. Then, she gave it to Ravan as a gifta token of luck she called it in one breath and then denied luck in the next.
At the time, he thought it peculiar, for it had reminded him of another time long ago when this same gesture from another had been fraught with malevolence. He pushed that memory away and focused on the day Nicolette cut his sons hair. He remembered it as though it was only yesterday. The sun shone brightly, and they laughed as though there was not a care in the world. Risen scarcely held still long enough for the keepsake to be taken from him, then he dashed off again, running across the castle grounds to make the kind of mischief that only an eight year old boy could.
Now Ravan held the lock of hair up to his lips, felt the braided rope of it against his skin and closed his eyes. He would give anything, would return to the horrible dungeon for eternity, if only his son could be home safe again.
Ravan Velecent cleared his throat.
I knowI know there will be little we can do to track them today, after the rains last night. His voice carried with it the knowledge of this truth, the anguish of futility. But, I must try. There is nothing more I can do. His eyes implored his friend.
Velecent left his spot by the fire and approached, laying his hand upon Ravans arm in a rare gesture. Might I suggest we parlay our situation a bit, take the offensive somewhat? He squeezed his masters arm through his battle leathers. I believe it would suit you better today. He allowed a small smile that he perhaps did not entirely feel.
Ravan pocketed his misery, slipped the lock of hair back where it would be safe. What do you mean?
Perhaps your heart is too close to this task for you to see it clearly, but consider thiswe know, somewhat, which way Risen was taken. We knew, before the trail ran cold, that they were traveling east, and that they were not deviating from their course. It makes sense that when they hit the Alps, they have two reasonable choices, to head north or to head south. I propose that instead of tracking them, let us ride hard to the east, to the nearest town, and put the word out. Perhaps we will hear notice of their passing? Velecent shrugged. It is a sound strategy, I believe, and if we do not hear word of Risen, perhaps we can find out if these men have done this before, come through there before. Seizing children is not something that would be easily hidden.
Rubbing the first two fingers of his hand thoughtfully up and down the string of his bow, Ravan had to admit this thought appealed to him, appealed to him very much. Instead of bearing the frustration of a lost trail, they might gain the jump on the band of men whod taken his son. Yes! This was something his heart and soul longed to do, to ride hard and give chase in a furious way! And if they were successful, if they found the wretched cowards, he would kill them the moment he saw them.


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO


Power or passion his mother counseled him, her voice soft and heavy at the same time.
Risen loved the way his mothers voice lilted on the air, could listen to it all day, he thought.
Which is a greater danger in your enemy?
Power. You must look to your enemy to see if this is what he seeks, Risen began.
Why would he wish to overcome you, then, if he is already powerful?
Because profit fuels power. My enemy would seek to profit from meto increase his own power?
Yes, that is one of two possibilities, Nicolette explained.
This seemed reasonable, but the passion part of the equation escaped Risen entirely.
His confused expression prompted his mother to explain further. Do not underestimate the strength of passion, my son. Power is sought only so that passion may be fulfilled. Risen was uncomfortable as she went on. Lust, sex, possessiveness, hatredlovethese things can fuel a man to the most terrible and most wonderful of all acts. These are the most dangerous.
Risen blushed with this. He was ten years old, and for some reason the word sex jumped out at him. His mother could not have known, but an image of Sylvie jumped into his mind. Nicolette nearly smiled but said nothing more about it.

*  *  *

Risen was pulled from the shallow dregs of his dream by the sounds of soldiers stirring. He trembled. Itd been a long, miserable night. At first, hed tried to formulate a plan, had studied his enemy. Then, as fatigue would not be denied, his eyes closed at intervals but never with the welcome oblivion of prolonged sleep. But the dream was in a small way encouraging, and he blinked himself more awake.
He recalled how last evening by the fire, the soldier, William, had given them something to eat, but Sylvie scarcely nibbled at even her own meager share, her expression vacant and far away. The soldier was an enigma, offering them some small gesture of comfort but unwilling to disclose even the slightest details of their capture. All he was inclined to divulge was the notion that their lives had changed forever. That, Risen thought, was already cruelly obvious.
Even so, he considered the possibility that perhaps William was more civil than the others. The boy knew that loyalty was hard earned but much stronger than coin. This hed been taught in one of his many lessons with his father. Perhaps the Englishman would be their key to survivalor maybe even an eventual way home. But how to gain his trust, his compassion?
These thoughts were poorly put together as he was too weary to concentrate. Blinking the fatigue from his eyes as best he could, Risen took stock of the situation. When they were taken, the three men that looped back for them later caught up with the rest of their group. Altogether, the band consisted of ten horses, eight men, and six captives, including him and Sylvie.
One of the horses was wounded, a festering cut on the forelimb that would not afford it many more days on the trail. If the men did not replace the steed, and at the rate they were traveling, someone must logically be left behind.
It was hard to say who that would be and a frightening thought to consider. Of the six stolen children, altogether ranging from ages of about twelve to fifteen, Sylvie was the only female. Furthermore, Risen believed the only reason she was alive was because of him.
The day before, the other four captive boys had been bound two together and forced to ride double on two of the horses. They made Risen and Sylvie ride separated, each one with soldier. He hated this, hated the thought of the arms of one so unkind and ruthless holding Sylvie captive on a horse, but that would be far better than what seemed logicalthat they would leave her behind. She would be the one they chose when the horse failed. The weakest would be cut loose.
Risen struggled to get his feet beneath himself, to will some strength to his legs. It was a cold, damp morning, and yet Sylvie slept, leaning heavily against their bindings. He cautiously, from beneath his brow so they wouldnt notice, studied the men as they began to move slowly about the camp.
All of them seemed unconcerned that they might have been followed, pursued after their human theft, for they lingered about the fire, content to ease into the misery of the dreary day ahead. It was trueno farmers child would likely have the familial resources to venture after a band of men such as these, and none of them appeared to believe that their captives were anything other than peasant children.
Critically, Risen believed none of the men knew he was Ravans sonyet. If they had, they would have run until their horses had fallenand then run some more. This he told himself just to ease the misery of his lot. He knew, in reality, that these men were mercenaries. They would fight his father to the death if it came to that. It was the way of war.
Sneering at this last thought, he struggled to conceal his anger. This proved most difficult, for Risen had developed for the first time in his life the unfamiliar, perilous emotion named hatred. It was strange to him, that visceral pull to his gut, the thickness in his throat, and tunneling of his vision. If he could draw his blade without recourse across the throat of any of them, he knew without a doubt that he would.
But he knew he must temper his emotions. It would not do to have any of these men target him or Sylvie because of his reckless anger. A predictable lot they wereobvious seekers of ill-gotten gain. They all had about them the swagger of an unprincipled life. It was common enough. One neednt look very far, even amongst ordinary people of a town, to see it in a man. It stood out like a poorly fit coat, and several of this clan wore it wretchedly.
The only exception, Risen thought again, might be William. He studied him, watched the man as he meticulously rolled his bed and tacked out his horse. The man was precise, and frequently, precision was met with self-respect. This is what Father told him, that sloth was the mark of a man without pride. Yes, William appeared to have more self-respect than the others.
On the other end of the spectrum were two others. One of them was a different beast altogether. Yeorathe was a one-eyed barbarian who, evidently, vied for position as troop leader with another named Odgar. Other than when the brute had struck him, Risen had noticed Yeorathe very little that first day as his concern had been to stay on the horse and keep up with Sylvies condition. Today, however, Yeorathe soon became the undivided center of his attention. This man possessed a heart of stone as evidenced by what happened next.
As the breaking light of day illuminated even the darkness of the forest, Risen saw that Rowan appeared dead or nearly dead. Evidently the long ride the day before and the gravity of his injury along with the cold of the night had been too much for him, and he was nearly un-rousable this morning.
Risens heart broke as he watched Yeorathe sever the almost dead boys bonds and, grasping him by the heel of his boot, drag his friend to the fire.
Rowan stirred, but barely, as even the fire was scarcely enough to rouse him from his impending death. Even so, the act was barbarously cruelthe Englishman even seemed thoroughly disgusted with the act. Risen believed William was about to intervene, but saw him turn his head away instead.
Yeorathe only laughed as he pulled Rowan across the coals. We wouldnt want him finding his way back and sending a search party, now would we?
Risen looked away, unable to observe the imperfection of something that had only minutes before been his dear friend. The smell of the burning hair was the most cruel, and he struggled, unable to force from his mind what the final moments for Tobias and Sylvies mother must have been like.
It was a horrid thing to do, and he decided at that instant that Yeorathe was entirely the cruelest man hed ever known, a monster. And, he decided at that moment that, of all of them, he hated him the most, that should the opportunity present itself to either run or kill this man, he would risk his own life to destroy him.

*  *  *

The business of war, Ravan murmured in that deep, throaty voice that appealed to his son very much, is profit. The business of cruelty at war, however, is an opportunity taken advantage of only by monsters.
His father did not look up but, as he often did, continued to busy his hands with a task, wrapping the arrow fletchings, only occasionally glancing idly into the fire or at his son as he spoke. They were camped together, just the two of them, in the middle of winter, deep in the lovely forest to the west of the Ravan Dynasty.
Risen pulled his jacket closer around his shoulders and edged his boots nearer to the flames. Im afraid of monsters, he admitted.
This prompted a smile from Ravan. Monsters can be terrible, but they all have one thing in common. They are all, when you dig deep enough, cowardsevery last one of them.
What can be done? his son wondered. Even if they are cowards, monsters are the strongest.
Ravan was quite serious then. All cowards have a weakness, Risen. Of this you can be certain. There is only one thing that can be done. You must find the weaknessuse it against them. Only then can they be destroyed.
Risen picked up a stick and began to idly poke at the fire to rouse sparks from it. He gazed sleepily at them as they swirled up against the velvet blanket of the night sky. Then, as if reporting on the weather, he murmured, The man who was here before youhis name was AdornoIve heard people call him a monster.
This gained Ravans attention not a small amount, and he glanced up from beneath his eyebrows. Yes. He drew the word out. It is true.
Hes gone now. Someone killed him on his wedding day. He was married to Mother before you came home.
Ravan stopped his task and crossed his arms over one knee, giving his son his full attention. Yes, that is true.
How dreadful it must have been, that Mother had to marry him, and then for her to lose her husband on their wedding day. But, if he was a monster, Im glad it happenedglad hes gone. Besides, then you wouldnt be with her, and I wouldnt be born. He shrugged. I think that is why she is the way she is. Sowellanyway, because she had to marry a monster and all. Dont you? He looked up from poking the fire when his father was quiet for too long. Father? Is everything all right?
Ravan looked his son square in the eye. Risen, if Adorno had not died on that day, I would have killed him myself. The statement was harsh and honest.
The boy appreciated it more than his father would likely know and he replied, He was a monster, Father. It may have been an arranged wedding, but I would never have picked a monster for Mother.
Your mother isdifferent, not because of Adorno. You mother has been who she is long before the arrangement, perhaps since before she was even born. He glanced away, to the black backdrop of darkness beyond the fire. It is one of the many things I love about her.
They sat silently for some time before Risen asked, But, Father?
Yes?
What was his weaknessAdornos?
Ravan took the stick from his sons hand and began to do just the same thing, swirling the coals so the sparks danced before their eyes. The faintest smile pulled at his lips.
He loved your mother.

*  *  *

Positioning himself so that if Sylvie awakened she would not see, Risen peeked from over his shoulder. As he observed Yeorathe kick the corpse of the dead boy farther into the fire; there appeared nothing that was weak about this monster. Father is right. War is either about profit or hatred. This monster doesnt know meyet. So he cannot hate me. For now, it must be profitable for him to keep me alive. Risen decided at that moment that he would keep his lineage hidden from these men. And he surmised something else. If it was profit these men expected from the capture of children, it could be gained in only one wayslavery.
This was a sickening thought. Slavery for him could mean many things. He could be forced to worklabor of some sort, a mine perhaps. He could be made to fighta medieval gladiator he imagined. Possibly he would be apprenticed, made a sailor, maybe placed in a legions ranks. Risens mind then refused to go where next it sensibly might, for he knew there were only two paths that slavery of a girl could follow. She would be either a domestic laborer, or
He swallowed thickly and found her hand with his own. Sylvie, wake up, move your legs. We must get ready to leave, mustnt show weakness.
Risen suspected the trek the men were undertaking was nothing that would be slowed for the benefit of the few children they captured. For their tender age, if they could not endure, if they died during the journey, it would only serve these men to weed out the weak and unprofitable. On some level, Risen was becoming increasingly aware of this, and he worried greatly for the girl he loved.
Suddenly, Risens chest was intensely uncomfortable, his breath hard to catch, and he briefly wondered if he was simply fatigued from the past day and night. This made no sense, though, for his father had insisted that he always be in the best condition at all times. Realistically, he could likely go on like this, as their captive, for some time before succumbing to true exhaustion.
Analyzing it further, he decided this was not what afflicted him now. It was Sylvie. It was she who caused his heart to fret. She was so fragile, so frail, soperfect. And these men could not see this, would not see this.
For them to see Sylvie as he did, they would have had to spend the lifetime with her that he hadmagic, endless days lost in the mysterious brilliance that youthful camaraderie and adolescent love allowed. No, they would never see the way she smiled when something amused her, the way her eyes narrowed when she laughed, and how beautiful it was when she hummed a tune when they were walking together. All they would ever perceive was weakness and a lack of usefulness, and they would crush her as easily as they would a rare, wounded bird.
If such a thing really existed, Risen decided that it was men like these who went to Hell. He resolved at that moment that he would not allow Sylvie to become their casualty along the way. No matter what, he would save her.
Sylvie, he was harsher this time. Get up. Move your legs and stand. He began to force himself to his feet, to drag her up with him, and she whimpered.
Stop, Risen. I dont want to go on. I want to stay here. II
No! Sylvie, no. Your mother, your fatherTobias, they wouldnt want you to do this, to have it end like this. He pulled at her again, finally forcing her, limping, to her feet and hissed under his breath. Theyd want you to survive, to live.
Live for what, Risen? It wasnt cruel the way she said it, only sincere. What is there now?
Lowering his voice, for he did not want the others to hear the intimacy of his words, he whispered to her, Your life, Sylvie. Friends, a warm house, childrenlove.
No one can love me now, Risen. No one.
He bit his lip. It broke his heart that she might believe this, and he almost shared with her how he truly felt, almost blurted the words he long meant to say, but instead he said, Then revenge. We must avenge them. They deserve at least that.
With this she came just a bit more to life. How?
He helped Sylvie, steadied her as she pulled her feet up beneath herself.
Find their weakness. Thats what you do to a monster. You find its weakness. I dont know how, but we will, I promise. We will avenge them, Sylvie. I swear it.
William came to them just then, unbound them, and passed them each a morsel of bread almost sneakily, Risen thought. Then, as he pretended to disassemble their bindings even more and roll the rope up, he gave them enough time to each drink liberally of his water flask. So, it was possible after all, Risen thought. The Englishman might be capable of greater compassion.
Dropping his head, he edged closer to the soldier as he returned the flask and murmured beneath his breath. Thank you. When William appeared to have not heard, Risen added, Perhaps if you were to help us
Silence! William hissed. If I wish to hear your bleating, Ill ask for it. Yanking the two by the wrists, one in either hand, he dragged them to their prospective mounts, tossed Risen up first, then took Sylvie onto his.


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


The forest seemed different to Moira; there was something quite out of the ordinary about it. Perhaps it was the way the fog swirled in and out of the trees; perhaps it was how silent the birds became as they approached them. And perhapsit was the woman she followed.
Moira peered ahead, watched Nicolette and the mare as they picked their way along in no obvious hurry. Risens mother appeared so thin from behind, the heavy woolen riding cape and hood obscuring her so that it almost looked as though she was simply a young girl out for a misty days ride. All the while, the sparrowthe last bird Nicolette had resurrectedflew along with her, sometimes leading, sometimes following.
This made Moira think of Niveus. She hugged the child goodbye this late afternoon, even though Niveus never hugged her back. Goodbye, sweet girl. Ill be home soon as I can.
It will be a while, the child responded, staring over her nannys shoulder as though she saw something or someone there. Moira was even compelled to glance back over her shoulder but, as always, there was no one.
She bit her lip. Do we find him?
Yes.
Is hedoes he What she wished to know was the unthinkable.
Niveus shot her a glance. Why do you ask such a thing of me? Is it because you believe I know? She did not ask it in an accusing way, was in no way angry with Moiras question. She was only intently curious.
Moira gazed back at the pale face of the child. Niveus, I love you. There were no more questions.
This caused the child to briefly flit her eyes to Moiras before they again took up their watch over her shoulder. She said nothing more, but for Moira it would have to be enough. Smoothing the starkly white hair behind the little girls ear, she left Niveus behind, praying that God would watch over the lost child until she could return.
The mist continued to swirl, and Moira was glad that shed taken her heavier cloak. Nicolette remained silent as onward they plodded. The evening wore on, and there was next to no conversation, not for the maidens lack of trying. On several occasions she started up with some, questions mostly, but her lady seemed content to ignore her altogether. So Moira gave up, lapsing into a brooding silence as she followed behind.
When evening passed and dusk greeted them, it was evident to Moira that they would not be camping this night. All the better, she thought. She much preferred to be on the horse and moving along if the wolves came. At least the clouds had broken apart, lacy curds against starlit whey, and from behind them shone the moon, a beaming beacon for their pilgrimage.
The women rode through the night and well into the next day. The clouds reassembled themselves, and it became quite grey, the sky hanging low enough that Moira imagined it nearly touched the tops of the trees. The light was peculiar, she thoughtthat ambiguous sort that made it difficult to tell if it was indeed almost nightfall or just tricks played on her eyes. All the while, the sparrow followed.
Still they spoke scarcely a single word to each other, and it was Moira who, at long last, broke the silence on this second day. My Lady, it is reasonable that you should be tired. We are of no use to Risen if we cannot endure. And the horses She left it up to Nicolette to imagine what the issues might be for their mounts.
It took a great deal for Moira to say even this, for she believed herself entirely responsible for Risens absence. Consequently, as they rode she tried to allow Nicolette to be the one to suggest when they might or might not stop. But, as it appeared she would not, and Moira was nearly exhausted, almost so that she thought she might tumble from the saddle at any moment, she finally summoned the courage to speak. When it seemed Nicolette hadnt heard her, or chose not to reply, her spirits fell.
The blending of grey on grey had lent Moiras mood to self-loathing. This was contributed to by the long journey, but mostly it was for her perceived failure to protect Risen from being lost. She saw this as a terrible breach of trust on her part, and wondered if her Lady really did forgive herand after Master Ravan and Lady Nicolette had been so kind and generous to her. She owed her very life to the boys father! Just thinking of Ravan allowed her memory to drive her thoughts to twelve years before.

*  *  *

It was a wondrous stretch of days, when Ravan saved her at the tavern. She witnessed the terrible chain of events, ran to the stables to bring him the mare. And then he didnt leave herhe rescued her.
Onward they rode, the dark knight so thin, so quiet, so strong. In his eyes was something shed never seen before. It was like a fire that could not be spent; it was a burning of the most amazing sort. This man was driven. Moira had never witnessed the sheer determination of what one such as he possessed. It nearly exhausted her, his very presence, and when she could scarcely ride any farther, he placed her in front of him on the mare, held her as she slept, and rode on.
When they at last reached the castle and approached the gates, he told her that it would be a battle, that she would need to find safety the moment they were past the gatesand that he would likely die that day. But that was not at all how it happened. The dreaded oneAdornowas gone! The guard at the gate told them so. They were escorted into the courtyard, and the mystic beauty and all within her realm welcomed their new master with open arms. And what a reunion it was! Never before had Moira seen a kiss like that. It was destiny of the most beautiful sort, and thenthere was the baby.

*  *  *

Moira was caught very much by surprise when she spoke. She appeared almost startled and nearly apologetic.
You are right, said Nicolette. I am preoccupied. My apologies, Moira. We have journeyed quite far, so let us stop and restus and the horses. Then we can be on our way first thing at daybreak.
Of course, my lady. As you wish. Moira was greatly encouraged.
The road they were traveling on was scarcely a road at all. There were times when it dwindled away to nearly nothing, a tangled path through the dense forest, and times when the trees seemed to steer them one way or another, just with the slant of their limbs. But, unusual as it was, Nicolette appeared calm and determined, never wavering from her course, and it amazed Moira a great deal.
Once, when there was only one possible path that could bring them down to the narrow trail that wound along and down a steep incline to a small valley below, they stepped from the stand of trees to the exact, correct spot. It was as though there was a string attached to the boy, and they were being pulled by it.
More curious was the way Nicolette rode the horse. Seldom did she even lift the reins. The mare simply walked on, not altering her stride or direction, moving as though the delicate woman upon her back was a part of her.
Now they strayed from the road a bit before Nicolette pointed and remarked. Here.
She indicated a small clearing that had unexpectedly opened up in the middle of the smoky woods. It was closed in, nearly perfectly round, and the tree branches were so thick overhead that it would afford some shelter even if it rained. It seemed the perfect, safe meadow to rest.
Moira untacked and hobbled the horses and was surprised to turn and discover a little fire already crackling at the edge of the glade. Good, she thought. Fire was always the best, first thing. It was their most primal defense and would give them light and safety in the approaching darkness. Yes, the horses would alert them first if predators were nearby, but if the wolves came closer, theyd sniff the smoke and likely just leave for, other than man, fire was not a friend to wild creatures.
Nicolette was unrolling the hides when Moira approached, kneeling softly next to her. She hesitated before rallying her courage, taking her mistress by the hand and squeezing it gently.
Nicolette paused, peering into Moiras eyes. What is it?
My Lady Moira struggled, her words heavy on her heart.
Nicolette, she said kindly, Pleasecall me Nicolette.
Moira nodded. Very well. She took a deep breath. NicoletteII just wanted to say She was very nearly overcome with emotion and looked away, trying to spare Risens mother further pain.
Moira, what is it? Nicolette seemed genuinely confused.
Im sosorry. Im so sorry I lost him. There, it was out.
The dark beautys eyes softened, and she held Moiras hand with both her own. There is a current to life, my dear. Risen is gone because there is a tide to be honored. She returned Moiras hand to her own lap. He cannot escape it; it has drawn him in. You could not have altered this. Nicolette went back to smoothing the hides as though that were all there was to it.
How can you believe this? Moira persisted. How can you think that this is destiny, that his fate is cast? He could behe could be She almost said that he could already be dead.
Nicolette tilted her head and observed her companion in a most unusual way. Not destiny, my child. She said this even though they were nearly the same age. No, God controls none of this. It is fortune of quite another sort.
I dont understand. What is it you mean? And then, are we seeking to change it?
Unlike fate, fortune can be alteredif you know how. There is no fate but what we devise.
Moira was swiftly overwhelmed with an unusual sensation, as though they were there kneeling in the meadow for a reason, as though the events about to unfold were already prearranged. Even more surprising was that Nicolette lifted her hands very abruptly and stood up. Extending both her hands, she looked down at her traveling companionher son and daughters nursery maid.
What?I Moira was confused.
Nicolette reached for her all at once and hastily helped her to her feet.
At that very instant, the horses snorted and spun, heads up, having sensed something the women could not yet see. Then, from the opposite edge of the meadow, three men appeared, riding into the clearing and across the small expanse, straight up to the women.
Moira was immediately worried. Shed thought it unwise to travel without guards, very risky indeed to leave Moulin behind. True, the state of the dynasty could be at grave risk. England was very determined, and domains were falling every day. Even so, shed been afraid to leave with only Nicolette, without at least a single escort.
Where are your men? one of the strangersthe most calculating appearing of the threeasked straight up. He commanded the question as though the women were his servants.
Before Moira could fabricate an answer, Nicolette said flatly, We travel alone. But why does this concern you?
This brought a string of chuckles from all three of the men. The leader appeared not ready to believe the women and scanned the edge of the woods as though waiting for men to reappear. But, certain as Nicolette had claimed, there were only two horses to be seen.
He took it upon himself to carry the conversation. That is unfortunate. He was less cautious now, empowered by his belief that perhaps the women truly were foolish enough to travel alone.
It is not, and your presence is not welcome here either. She stood her ground firmly, Moira inching up behind her all the while.
Blatant laughter erupted from the three, but it was not pleasant. When it died away, the leader swung his leg over the neck of his horse and tossed the reins to his companion before sliding to the ground. Then, pulling his gloves off one finger at a time, he approached the two women slowly, deliberately, a filthy grin revealing poorly kept teeth.
Moira scrambled, started to move in front of Nicolette, but was pushed gently aside by her mistress. It immediately surprised her how strong Nicolette was, for she scarcely gave the impression that she might be able to break a petal from a flower.
To the obvious surprise of the unwelcome stranger, Nicolette stepped forward to meet him head on. The man was large, not nearly as tall as Ravan, but heavy in a sturdy way. His beard was ragged and longish. He and his men had obviously not seen the comfort of civilization for some time. Moira instantly believed them to be thieves.
Leave, Nicolette commanded. You are not welcome here, and there is nothing to be gained by your staying. She indicated the direction from which theyd come.
OhI think there is. The stranger was perfectly comfortable to lay his intentions straight before them and began to ungird his belt.
Astonishingly, the sparrow appeared from the blanketing dusk to alight on Nicolettes shoulder. Its beady, black gaze branded the intruders as well. Moiras stare was immediately fixed on her lady, for Nicolettes countenance so abruptly changed that it was simplyterrifying.
The womans head fell back on her shoulders, and her eyes closed. Her mouth opened, but no sound came out. It was so startling, and evidently enough to make the man pause, for that is exactly what he did. When Nicolettes right arm lifted, fragile as an icicle, her finger pointed at the man with the loosened trousers. All the while, the sparrow watched.
There was a span of simple confusion when no one said or did anything before the two mounted men realized their leader could no longer breathe. His trousers sagged as both hands went up to his throat, and no sound escaped. The men swung swiftly from their horses and leapt toward Nicolette as though they might break whatever bizarre hold was upon their man.
Her head snapped upright, and her eyes flashed open. Clear as a frozen lake they were, and as her other arm flew up and toward the two advancing men, both stopped, not yet as incapacitated as their leader but struggling nonetheless. Nicolettes mouth remained unmoving, but from it came a soft sounda hushed, falling soundlike the dropping of dirt into a grave.
Moira was frozen in place, her handless arm over her mouth, her expression as shocked as it had ever been. She simply stared, unable to tear herself from the strange cluster of silent beings as her mistress controlled them as effortlessly as she might draw a curtain from a window.
Time was finally broken by Moiras gasp. She hadnt even realized she wasnt breathing, had held her breath since the beginning of the strange altercation. With her breath came awareness, and she moved.
Nicolette!
Nothing.
Nicolette, stop! Youre killing them. They cannot breathe! You must stop!
She staggered toward her but halted when Nicolettes head snapped sideways. She could, for the first time since the strange incident began, clearly see her eyes. Moira was stunned to see there were no eyes at all. They were simply crystal clear globes where the color should have been. Moira gasped.
Then the transparency dissipated, and Nicolettes eyes returned as they should bedark green, damp, and whole. She remained unmoving as the leader crumpled to his knees, his hands clawing viciously at his neck, leaving deep red scratches that seeped blood.
You must not hurt them so. I think they will leave now, if you let them live, Moira pleaded, her gaze locked on Nicolettes.
As though it was almost incidental, Nicolette nodded and softly dropped both arms. The tiny sparrow disappeared into the canopy above. All at once, all three men gasped for breath, drawing deep lungfuls of air. The leaders face was by then a dreadful ashen grey, his lips a pale blue, and he remained weakly on his knees until color returned. Then, lifting his head wearily, he cast tortured eyes on the dark beauty.
His voice was a torn whisper as he cried, Whatwhat magic is this? What wicked
Nicolette cut him off, and he cowered like a whipped mongrel as she did. I believe all wickedness has been fairly vanquished. You need only to leave for it to be gone entirely.
It seemed briefly that she would take a step toward the man, and his eyes shot open further, as though he feared exactly this. He acted as though he might have something more to say but reconsidered. Staggering to his feet, he backed unsteadily away from the two women. He clutched at his fallen trousers and struggled to re-belt his pants. Reaching for his horses reins, and with some difficulty, he pulled himself up onto the steed.
Facing the women one last time, the mans eyes lingered first on the strange woman who almost killed him and then on the maiden who helped spare him. Without words, the three turned and rode away, swallowed up shortly by the black woods and the silence of the night.
Moira turned to face her mysterious friend. She trembled, not at all certain if she was more shaken by the awful intentions of the men or from the exhibition of her mistress. She was about to say something when Nicolette spoke firstas though their conversation had never lapsed in the slightest.
What is done is done. There is no fate. However, circumstance might decide to have an unfortunate way with Risen, and so I must find him so that I might control it. That is the all of it.
Moira was stunned. She stared in awestruck silence and could only watch as her lady simply returned to readying their camp. Nicolette behaved as though nothingabsolutely nothing out of the ordinaryhad happened.


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR


The village they sought was farther east, much farther. Ravan and his men had ridden without stopping for nearly two days. His men were exhausted, and so were their mounts, but his troop would have ridden another two without complaint. Such was their loyalty to him, especially Velecent.
There was another who once stood fearless at Ravans side. Hed been a giant, a fearsome one to even look upon. Their friendship had been unusual, tested by death and despair. And thenRavan had killed him.
That was a terrible timeto lose LanCoste by his own hand. The greatest agony had been that Ravan would have willingly died in his friends place a thousand times over. Hed not meant to harm him, had not meant to release the arrow that would so mortally strike him, his only friend.
But it was done, and the sound of the giant falling still echoed in the mercenarys soul. Itd leant itself perfectly to his own despair as the days turned into weeks and the weeks into months in the castle dungeon in St. Jean de Luz. And, he likewise believed he had lost Nicolette.
But then, the night before his scheduled execution, a wondrous thing happened. He was visited by the soft-spoken priest, met for the second time in his life the robed angel named Data. On that night, he was visited byhis twin. How perfect it was that he should know his brother. He believed their one night together to be the most sacred hours of his life.
Ravan physically shook himself, shook these memories from between his ears. It would serve Risen poorly to spend his time lost in thoughts such as these, bittersweet though they were. He could drown in these thoughts, spend eternity there, had spent eternity there. It was his naturehad always been. But a child had since been born, and this child had the face and beautiful spirit of his brother. It was Data rebornData victorious. Risen was destined to be. Ravan was convinced of it.
With a sudden renewal of strength, Ravan led his men to the edge of the small town of Tonnerre. It was scarcely light as the ragged band of men pulled up to the only livery. A man, much too old to be tending horses, hobbled from the stables.
Need to be putting your steeds up for the night?
Ravan ignored the question. Have you seen a group of men come through here? Ten or thereabouts, and with childrenat least twocaptive?
The man squinted at Ravan, obviously suspicious of the serious band of men with their strange questions. He rubbed his chin and glanced sideways as though strongly considering just hobbling away, as though no one would notice if he did.
I mean you no harm, Ravan offered. It is my son I seek. He looks like His brow creased and his face was cast into darkness. He looks like He struggled.
Velecent stepped his horse forward and tipped his head, allowed a beautiful smile to spread warmly across his lips and face. He looks like my friend here. Every bit the scoundrel that he is as well. He nodded toward Ravan and became more serious. The boy is twelve. We would pay dearly for information.
The elder tipped his head back, squinted into the overcast light, and appeared to deeply consider what the strangers just shared. Suddenly, from the barn emerged a boy of about ten years of age. Grandfather! Are there horses? Do we have customers?
Ravans dark face did not change, not in the slightest, but he cast his eyes immediately on the boy as though he could not tear them away. His voice was hoarse as he spoke to the old man, but kept his eyes fixed on the child. I see you too have a young one who must be very dear to you.
The old man hissed at the boy. Back into the barn! Bennet, go back into the barn! You know the rules!
Bennets face was a flash of remorse, and in another flash, he was gone. The livery man watched to make certain the boy obeyed, then turned to Ravan, this time with longing and appeal in his eyes.
Please, he is all I have. I can put up the steeds, but I beg of you, dont hurt him.
His comment surprised Ravan completely. You insult the memory of the boys parents if you believe I would harm that child. But harm may come to my son, and you have the opportunity to do a noble thing. He focused his stare entirely on the old man. However, make no mistake. If you purposefully lead me astray, it will not be the boy whom I harm.
Again the man cowered but appeared to consider the strangers words carefully. He finally admitted, There have been none this way for at least two weeks.
Children? Two weeks? My son has only been missing for Ravans words trailed off, his heart weighted with disappointment as he realized Risen had not been through the town. It was not as hed hoped to hear.
The old man replied, Yes, two weeks. Not recently, but I can tell you there have been those who have come through beforewith children, as you say.
Velecent brightened. When? When have you seen this?
I am a livery man. I see everything and nothing. He shrugged. These men come through on their way to the coast. This is the only pass if you come from the north.
We do not. We hail from the west. Ravan could not answer him fast enough.
Then you need to go farther south. The children you speak of are a strong twomaybe three days from herefrom you. They would be in Nevers by now, or on their way to Lyons. But once they reach the port of Toulon, they will be lost.
Why? Ravan implored the man. How do you know this? he demanded.
The man drew back, seemed reticent to answer. Then, as though he perhaps feared the immediate wrath of this ill-tempered stranger more than the eventual anger from those that captured children, he explained, They will go to Naples, perhapsmaybe Sicily. They are bound for the Ottoman Empire. He shrugged. Its the Turks who own them now. Word is that they have an army of childrenhuman shields. That is what they use to march north and west against the Byzantium.
Why? Velecent repeated the question.
The Ottomans, one called Murad, sacrifice might with numbers. These soldiers, they say, are hardened boys only because they survive to become one.
Ravan was stricken. Could it be? Could his son have been taken merely for sale? For service in a foreign army? Of course he could! Such was the capacity of evil amongst men! He, himself, had fallen victim to these kinds of men. This thought fueled in him an immediate feeling of desperate helplessness. This was an emotion not entirely foreign to Ravan, but it had been a very, very long time since hed suffered it.
All at once, impotent rage overcame him; he simply needed to kill something, to punish something for this terrible wrong. With swift reflex, he pulled his sword from his scabbard and raised it over his head as though he would strike the old man down simply because he dared share this awful news.
The livery man cringed, raised his arms over his head, obviously expecting the blow, but Velecents sword was drawn nearly as fast and clashed against his friends before it could be swung. Their eyes met, locked on each other, Ravans black with rage and Velecents in hardened defiance. His first in command and closest friend hissed beneath his breath. He is not your enemy, my friend. He is simply profiting from your enemy.
Ravan relaxed but held his sword firm against Velecents. He enables the traders to keep stolen children here. He knows he does wrong.
Kill him and you kill your source of information. He is the only link we have to your son. Velecent shoved Ravans sword from him and appealed to his sense of morality. You would leave the child, he indicated the direction Bennet had disappeared, with no one. We cannot right all that is wrong. But we can find Risen and Sylvie.
With that, rational thought returned, and Ravan slid his weapon back into the scabbard. Swinging from his steed, he motioned to his men. They liveried their horses for the rest of the afternoon and into the night. Over the evening they discovered what more they could from the old man, and it was significant. He told them of one named Murad Ithe reigning sultan of the Ottoman Empiretold them word was Murad was pressing his forces against the Byzantines. Gallipoli was his evident conquest, and his army was fortified by boy soldiers, or so the old livery owner had heard.
I didnt believe it at first. But then the children kept coming. He swept with his hand as though they might see a herd of them at any moment. I worry. Afraid they might take my grandson. He motioned again, but Bennet was nowhere to be seen.
So that was where Risen was bound. If the boy was strong enough, he would survive to be sold on the slave market, an indentured soldier to the Sultans empire. And it would be profitable for the man who sold him, for Murad was wealthy beyond imaginationso the liveryman said.
What kind of king enslaves foreign children for his army, Ravan wondered to himself. Then he swallowed the bitter question, sharing it with no one. It was no king, not a monarch or emperor. Men did such a thing. It might be a king in this instance, but it was the nature of humanity to do such wretchedness to the weaker, more innocent of mankind.
He glanced up from his lonely thoughts to see Velecents encouraging face, his kind eyes, his sincere determination that Risen would be found. No, perhaps it was not the nature of all men, he thought. It was only the nature of the worst. Men like Velecent leveled the balance against the evil ones who walked amongst them.
Furthermore, Ravan thought if he could orchestrate the fall of the one who believed it would be acceptable to sell his son into a slave army, the world would be a much better place for it. And with Velecent by his side, he believed he had a reasonable chance of doing it. And what sweet retribution that would be!
It was enough to center him. The mercenary focused on strategy now, renewed in his efforts, determined more than ever that Risen could be found. The old livery man produced some very worn maps and spread them right on the stable floor. Under candlelight, they inspected them closely.
They were rough, rudimentary images drawn from mens descriptionshow long it took them to ride to this or that town on what horse, what theyd seen along the way, what they could remember of their travels. In another time, the liveryman might have been a fine cartographer, but for now, he embellished his hobby as best he could.
Dark spots marked the highest peaks of the Massif Central. To the east of the mountain range ran the Rhone River, snaking its way south to the Mediterranean. To the east of the river were the Alps. The map, for as rudimentary the resources of the man who penned it, was surprisingly accurate.
Leaning closer in the torchlight, the mercenary ran his finger along the markings. The men who stole his son would certainly be following the river south to Marseille. You say Toulon. Why? Why not Marseille?
It is not as it used to be. The trade of children is uncivilized now. It was unusual to hear these words from a man who gave shelter to the types of men who dealt in slavery of children.
Then how do you justify allowing them use of your livery. It was Velecent who asked what Ravan was thinking.
Dropping his eyes as though he had shame for it, he replied, I was a liveryman before this trade route became widely used. I have no choice. I look the other way or die at their hands. Who would take care of my grandson then?
It was sad but true. And Toulon? Ravan asked.
We are not our ancestorsperhaps not yet civilizedbut we are not as brutal as they were. His old eyes flitted from one face to another of the small troop of men. Marseille does not want the ships, not want the indecency of it. Noyou must go to Toulon. It is there that you will find the depravity of the sort that would sell a child. He bobbed his head like an old buzzard considering carrion.
Ravan surmised that the man was correct, that they were behind by several days because they were too far north, but he was determined to make up the difference. Their horses were traded for fresh ones, and before dawn, in the still darkness of the night, the band of men continued on their journey. He wished again that hed brought Nicolette.


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE


For some reason, it seemed natural to the group that the Englishman would assume charge of the captives. William chose to carry Sylvie, and it surprised him how small the girl felt in his arms. She was hoisted by another soldier up onto his horse and struggled to smooth her skirts as she flopped down in front of the Englishman. He thought he could feel her terroror disdainfor she was rigid and seemed almost to try not to touch him. For some reason he was unable to identify, it made him uncomfortable that she might feel this way.
Her fingers appeared so fragile and pale clutching the pommel of his saddle, like they might belong to a bird. Long and tangled, her hair was such an unusual color. Even filthy, when a lock of it lifted in the breeze and lay across the bracer of his left arm, it looked not of this world but like something rare and exotic, spun for an angel, perhaps. Hed once seen sap run from a wounded tree with just this color, and eventually he noticed how, when a sun ray broke through and struck it just right, it glistened with all the colors of the rainbow.
She never looked uponly downand at one point a drop of water fell onto his glove. He squinted, scanned the sky; it was grey now, but there was no rain on his face. He wondered if the child cried, but if she did, her shoulders and breathing did not betray her lament.
Today was the first time he more clearly noticed the brace on her leg. It was a fine brace, had been fashioned of leather and steel from a good forge. There was nothing unskilled about it, and he wondered who, and of what means, had contrived such a device. It was certainly nothing a common child would have possessed. He also noticed for the first time how the brace wore into the childs leg on the outside of her knee, through her stockings, where he spied the raw flesh beneath. This was probably from her wearing it nonstop since her capture, but he never heard her whimper for it.
It was nonsense! Madness that theyd even taken the girl! What an utter waste of resource to have to care for one as fragile as her. This is what he told himself, and William thought about this for a long time. Why had Yeorathe and Odgar been willing to take a child such as this for sale, crippled as she was? True, the boy had been defiant against them, but they could have easily separated him from her, killed herput her out of their miseryand been on their way.
Perhaps they had believed the boys threat, believed that if they harmed the girl, the dark haired child warrior would find the right moment to kill himself, and their efforts would be for naught. Perhaps Yeorathe had seen this in Risens eyes. Wicked as he was, the one-eyed tyrant certainly knew how to profit from war.
These were simply idle thoughts to pass the hours. Eventually William wondered about the one whod generously supplied the brace for the girl, and his thoughts turned again to the boythe one who was found lost in the woods with the fair haired beauty. He believed the answer lay with the boy. He had stood fearless in the woods, ready to lay his life down for the girlhad braved Yeorathe himself. Were they siblings as he claimed? They certainly appeared like anything but relations.
William continued to occupy himself with these thoughts as the day wore on. Neither he nor the child in his arms spoke, and as was inevitable, Sylvie weakened. Eventually, she succumbed, slumping back against him. Her head flopped, and he repositioned her so that it rested against his arm as they rode. For the first he was able to clearly see her face, and he swallowed hard, nearly unable to take his gaze from her.
Her eyes were closed, faint amber lashes resting against her cheeks, so pale and with only enough flush of pink as to deny death. Her small, perfect mouth fell open as she slept, and William believed she looked like an angel who wished to sing. It made him intensely uncomfortable, not the weight of the child, for she was scarcely a fawn in his arms, but something about seeing her sleepingat his mercy as he held her.
Just as William struggled with this, Sylvie lifted one small hand, resting it in her sleep upon his arm. He stared at it, unable to draw his attention from it, from the dirt crammed beneath the delicate fingernails.
Another horsemanthe one with the boy bound behind himpassed them just then. William glanced up just in time to meet the eyes of the ebony haired boy and saw within them pleading, as though the boy begged compassion for the sleeping girl that the soldier held.
So, William thought to himself, he is not her brother after all. He loves this girl, and not like a brother loves a sister.
He ignored Risen, gazing instead again on the face of the sleeping child. Williams thoughts went another direction entirely. As the horses plodded on and he cradled Sylvie, there was a slip. Small at first, but definitely a slip, and in no time he was sliding, falling so fast he could not catch himself. He and Sylvie rode the horse only in body as the Englishmans mind and heart drifted a very long ways away and found themselves on a cool, autumn day in Gwynned, Walesmany years ago.

*  *  *

William stood on the north foot of the Crib Gochthe massive, rocky ledge that drew the greatest rainfall of all the kingdom. There was nothing else here; he was entirely isolated, and he loved it this way.
This was his home, and today the rains had ceased long enough for the sun to shine brilliantly through the clouds in dreamlike rays that trussed the sky to the earth in a glorious fashion. He was grateful, for his small cottage sat nestled at the base of the ledge, and every morning, the first thing he saw upon rising was the beautiful, green slopes that were his homeland. Today the valley was like an emerald, glistening green, its magnificence truly rare.
The splendor of the valley, however, was nothing compared to the beauty of Eleanor. She stepped into the doorway and lifted a hand to shield her eyes, marveling at the glorious, new day. A smile lit her features up like the sun, a hand resting on her belly andtheir unborn child.
It was the most perfect moment, William thought, of his entire life, and he could not tear his eyes from her. If time had frozen just then, he could be happy for eternity, he thought to himself.
That was the last time Eleanor was well. The next day she was struck by that terrible scourge from the East. What had they called it, the black plague? She first only seemed as though she might be tired, but the illness set fast into her lungs, and there was nothing to be done after it.
The wicked affliction took Eleanor and their unborn child before two nightfalls hence, and along with herit took him.
Why? he asked. Why has she been taken and not me? To the very end, he held her until her last breathbreathed it with herhad prayed that the black death would reach its fingers from her throat into his mouth, down to his broken being, and take him as well. Wherever it was God believed she should be, he only wished to be there as well. So why was he spared? It was a dreadful gift, a malady worse than hers, to have survived herto have survived the Bubonic Plague.
Eleanor was everything to himall that he hadfor William was an orphan and without family. His young life had been a struggle, and when he found her, he believed hed stepped from a cruel world and into paradise, for he was deeply in love. Finally he understood this thing that could make one mad with joy, believing every morning was a dream.
Nowhe was more alone than hed ever been. He held Eleanor, held her until he could bear it no more, and then he burned the home with her and his unborn within. He curled on the rocky steppe, close as he could endure, the heat of the flames blazing against his skin. As the fire spent itself, he edged closer and closer. In fragments, he inched into the ash until he lay where she had. It was here, curled up in the cinders of his wretched life, that William was first lost.
When she fell, he only wanted to fall as well. He wanted to fall as deeply and darkly as he could, fall so far that he would forget what had happened, forget Eleanor, forget he lived. Nothing could drag him from this terrible wish. William was determined to have his way, and so he did fallthrough Hell and then beyond. William sought warany war. It was the wretched salve that he spread on his heart, the poison arrow for his soul, for if he could drown himself in the debauchery of death and sorrow, perhaps he would become forever hardened, and the pain would go away. Only then could he forget.
And it worked. He did forgetuntil now.

*  *  *

Itd been a long time since hed thought of Eleanor. She did it to himit was Sylvie who did this to him. The eyelashes fluttered and the angels eyes opened. The soldier was ripped back from his past and gazed down at the captive child. She didnt move, only held the stare of the man who cradled her.
A soft whisper escaped her lips. Was it you?
Her question surprised him so completely that all he could do for a moment was look at her. Me? he was at last compelled to ask.
You. Was it you who felled my fatherat the water-shack? Did you kill my family?
William swallowed and glanced away. He didnt immediately answer but finally said, It was not. This is what he said, but what he thought was, It may as well have been.


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX


The black-legged mare walked serenely into the sleeping village. Behind her, Moira swayed on the grey gelding, nearly coming out of her saddle at least three times before they reached the small livery-boarding house near the center of the tiny town. All told, there were perhaps five buildings and a half dozen more ramshackle tents that made up the little village.
It was late and a tedious task to find someone to take their horses in. However, it was then fairly simple for them to get a modest room, a very modest room. Moira ached in places she never believed she could as she peeled her stockings and boots off and tucked them under the end of the straw-stuffed mattress.
The mattress lay flat on the very center of a dirt floor. There were no windows, and the door wasnt a door at all but only a simple curtain tacked between the door jambs. It didnt matter. It was a place to rest, and it appeared they were the only tenants tonight anyway.
The only piece of furniture in the entire room, not counting the mattress, was a massive armoire that was crammed into the space, taking up nearly a fourth of the room. It was old, beaten up, and very heavy.
Moira gave Nicolette a glance. Do you think we should try to pull that in front of the doorway, just in case someone should try to bother us? When she was met with something akin to a wry expression, she added, Oh, no. I dont suppose that is necessary.
They had two candles, one on either side of the bed on the floor, and there were no pillows. Instead, they rolled their own clothes up as pillows. In only their undergarments and sharing a thin blanket, the two women lay down next to each other on the stuffed straw bed.
After they blew the candles out, Moira could not see that Nicolettes eyes were closed almost immediately. The maid only lay there, infuriatingly awake for some time, her head spinning with the effects of extreme exhaustion. She could not coax sleep to come for her.
When she could take it no longer, she whispered into the darkness, Nicolette, about what happened in the meadow.
There was a long moment when she heard nothing, and Moira had just about decided that her lady was asleep when Nicolette murmured, Im sorry, Moira, if I frightened you.
Moira sat up in the total darkness, crossed her legs and said, No, not at all. It was not so much that you frightened me. Only She didnt finish the thought.
Silence.
I cannot say that Im so surprised, Moira tried again. But even so, one just doesnt see that sort of thing every day.
Moira, there is very much that you dont know about me, myupbringing.
Moira could feel Nicolette turn over onto her side to face her, and she tried to bolster the conversation. It felt good to be talking.
I know that, but with the enchantments in the cottage, the birds andall. She took a deep breath before she blurted, I think you should know. Sometimes people saythey say you are, youre a she motioned with her only hand, first to her forehead and then to the black space above, which was a ridiculous gesture in the darkness.
A witch. Nicolette finished the thought for her.
Moira sighed. Yes, yes, but I didnt at first. I just thought you were peculiar. She paused, forced herself to give Nicolette time to respond.
Finally, Nicolette replied, Im not sure I would call myself a witch. That just seems so harsh. I think of myself more as someone very connected.
An enchantress, then. Moira struggled to put a more pleasant name to it. She could not see the soft smile that tugged at the corners of Nicolettes mouth. When she said nothing in reply, Moira wondered, Does Lord Ravan know? It was a very forward question, and she right away thought she might have offended her.
Yesand no. He knows I have an aptitude, but perhaps he doesnt know exactly to what capacity. But then, neither do I.
II dont really understand, Moira admitted.
Hes never seen me as threatened as I am now, Nicolette said matter-of-factly.
Ahh, I see. It was because the men threatened us. Moira simplified it a great deal.
It was because the men threatened to keep me from that which truly threatens methe loss of my son, Nicolette corrected.
But did you know it was happening? I wasnt certain you knew what was happening. Moira was intensely intrigued.
Somewhat, I suppose. But not entirely. I sensed that things were poorly controlled, but the energy that was channeled through me did so of its own accord.
They were silent for a bit longer before Moira wondered, How connected can you get? If you are really threatened?
Moira. Nicolette sounded just a tiny bit impatient. Im afraid I cannot answer that.
Of course, Im sorry. Goodnight, she apologized. Again, silence for a while.
Moira, I just want you to know, Im thankful that youre with me, Nicolette offered, her voice soft like a childs.
That was a wonderful thing for the handless maiden to know. You need me, then? Like a friend?
Yes, I suppose I do, Nicolette replied.
Moira lay happily awake for only a short while before sleep claimed her. What she didnt know about her friend was much more than what she did

Twenty-Four Years Before

Nicolettes father was dead. This was very unfortunate, because she was not only alone, she was only five years old and alone. Father had been strategic in helping his daughter realize her great potential andhow to control it.
You mustnt manipulate things in such a way, he scolded her one day when the candle play resulted in a small fire in the castle.
Nicolette wasnt playing with the candles, not really. She was making the flame leap back and forth across the room from one candle to another.
I dont understand. Its just for fun, a game, the young beauty replied.
Nicolette, if you do not temper your gifts, people will call you a witch. You know what that means, dont you? He drilled this into her.
Ill be feared. And if Im feared, I will cease to be effective in a good way. Then, I may be destroyed. She said it from memory, and Father nodded his approval.
Yes. So, no fires?
No fires, she promised.
Hair as white as snow, skin nearly as white, she rested her thin fingers on the edge of the stone table and stared at her father. Reaching, she touched the fabric of the burial gown, drew a tiny finger across the cheek of the corpse.
How could he do such a thing, leave her alone? How would she ever learn what she must, so that people would understand her, and she them? So that they would not wish to destroy her?
It proved to be more than Nicolette could endure, and as the long row of mourners filed past, the child became more and more consumed. Her rage and grief grew because he dared to leave her, because he dared to be deadwithout her.
The pall bearers came, lifted the body and meant to take it away. She grasped the edge of the stone table tight as she could. Then, Nicolette lost control. It slipped from her in the same fashion that her fingers slipped from the edge of the stone.
No one knew for sure how the fire started, not even Nicolette. Up went the drapes, the furniture, even the stone table. Everything in the church, especially her father, became a terrific pyre until it was all gone. On that day, Nicolettes hair turned black as a midnight crow.
Almost thirteen years to the day, she was given to the tyrant, Adorno, to be his bride. Four months after thatshe killed him.


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN


Block the blows, but only until you can take the offensive. If you do not, if you remain passive, you will die, Ravan instructed his son, then motioned him to step in for another round.
As he did, Ravan swung at his son. Risen parried the blow, feinted it, then stepped in closer, aimed a counter-strike at his fathers leg. Ravan blocked the strike.
Good, that is exactly what you must do. He seemed genuinely pleased with his sons efforts.
But I failed. Risen wasnt convinced. You blocked me and would have my head in the next blow. Ive lost again.
True enough, but I am three times your size, Ravan smiled. It is only reasonable.
This garnered a laugh from the boy before he became again serious. But what if my opponent is bigger than me, stronger than me? If there are as many enemies in the world as you seem to believe, Im sure to be out matched in body and weight sooner or later. Risen rolled his eyes.
Casting a wry expression toward his son for the sarcasm, Ravan chose to ignore it. Then you must bind his weapon and use body leverage. Counter hit his blade with your edge against his flat, then thrust. Ravan demonstrated the technique slowly, spun Risens blade around and down, capturing it in the earth at their feet. Now, you try it.
Risen waited for his fathers swing, mimicked his fathers method perfectly and, with reasonable finesse, twisted his fathers sword around and down into the dirt.
Good! That is very good! Ravan laughed. But do not forget to finish me off. He reached his gloved hand and took Risens blade, directed it back around and up, simulating the cutting of his own throat.
It seems so brutal, to cut someone so, Risen said.
It is, my son. There are few things that are more intimately awful than the edge of anothers blade. Use yours wisely and with reservation, but when you must, let it not be your opponents blade that strikes you first.

*  *  *

The third night they camped, they were tucked alongside a river. It arced lazily around the forest edge, allowing a small clearing that swept out and around the bend. It was a good, wide swath for the men to rest and graze the horses, and this evening the clouds broke and sunshine poured through.
Risen was hungry, hungrier than he thought hed ever been, and thirsty for hed not drunk since morning. William had been loosely assigned to them, to the care of the captives. Or perhaps he had assigned himself of his own free will, but the food he offered this morning was negligible enough; hed offered none yet this evening. Risen began to believe the soldier was sharing his own reserves.
Legs trembling, he eased himself down next to Sylvie. As she attempted to straighten her skirts, Risen noticed where the brace had worn through her stocking, where it was rubbing a wound into the side of her leg just below the knee.
Take it off, he indicated the brace. Briefly, he considered simply doing it for her, but that would have been a very forward gesture even in the given situation. He must allow her as much dignity as she could keep, despite everything. The wound needs air next to it. I can help if you wish.
She didnt answer, but he watched her slender fingers as they undid the buckles, saw the furrowing of her beautiful forehead as she unhinged the brace, easing it from where it stuck to her leg. The inside hinge of it was bloody. Laying the apparatus aside, she jerked her skirt over the wound as though unconcerned with it. Risen made a note to try to persuade William to give them some water to cleanse it.
Intimate conversation was out of the question this evening, for the captive youths were placed together for the first timeall five of thembound along a single rope that was stretched between two trees. The rope was knotted around the waist of each of them, strung along, and tied up high on each end. It would be impossible for one to loosen their own binding without tightening the one next to them, but it at least allowed them freedom of their arms and legs.
Sylvie was on one end, Risen next to her, and anotherthe oldestwas bound next to him. Anything Risen might say could be heard by this older boy, and he wasnt sure if the other captives knew yet that he was Ravans son. They certainly acted as though they didnt, and he was just as happy keeping his secret for now. He had been careful not to share his name, and told Sylvie to call him Rowan. He picked his dead friends name because it just seemed respectful, given the circumstances.
Sitting in a row, all of the captives stretched their legs, some of them lying back on the grass to rest after the torturous days ride. When the camp was established and the routine of the soldiers evening appeared to be under way, one of the boysthe eldest who sat next to Risenspoke under his breath to William as the Englishman approached with water, passing the flask down the row of captives.
My name is Clovis. I have something to tell you, something to tell your leaders. It will interest you very much.
Risen shot him a surprised look, but the boy averted his stare.
Williams eyes narrowed. I doubt there is something you might share that would be of importance.
Clovis then eyed Risen closely. There is something you would be glad to know, something you may eventually regret if you dont.
Risen silently pleaded with the boy, his eyes begging him to keep the secret he was about to share, but Clovis seemed set on having his way and ignored him.
If you will allow me my freedom, Clovis continued, I will give you information that you could be sincerely rewarded for.
Passing the flask of water to Sylvie next, William offered the alternative. And if they, he indicated Yeorathe and Odgar, simply wish to extract this information from you in whatever fashion they wish?
Evidently Clovis hadnt considered this possibility. He sulked, turning into his own silence, and William generously let the matter rest. After he allowed each captive a long enough drink, he left them to themselves.
Why would you say such a thing, Risen exclaimed under his breath, rebuking Clovis when the Englishman was beyond hearing. Yeorathe is one of my fathers enemies. Odgar is no better! If you divulge who I am, they will kill meand Sylvie as well!
I care not what happens to you, or her. Clovis gestured at Sylvie with his chin. It is not my fault who you are; if your father hadnt such enemies, none of us would be in this situation. The contempt in his voice was ugly, and had Risen not been so angry, he might have pitied him.
You would be a traitor if you told! You do yourself no honor offering such a thing to them!
There is no honor now. It is simply survival, and if I survive because of your fall, so be it, the older boy scoffed. And it was foolish to try to save her. He narrowed his eyes at Sylvie. She is dead weight, and youll likely die because of her.
Risen was nearly speechless but found his voice. You are reckless with the things you say. Careful, or you may suffer for those careless words!
Clovis was perhaps fifteen years of age and bigger than Risen by at least two hands. He was also heavier as he was well into the adolescence of his years, whereas Risen was just beginning his.
The boy crossed his stocky arms and sneered. Dont believe that you are more valuable than me anymore. You might have been special a few days ago, but today you are no one, a common prisoner, and a weak one at that. The look of disdain on his face was enough to indicate Clovis true feelings for the young heir to the Ravan Dynasty.
It was all Risen needed to push his tolerance beyond what he was willing to endure. He lifted his arm, swung his elbow hard, and connected squarely with Clovis nose, knocking him awkwardly backward. Because they were tied next to each other, Risen went down with him.
The older youth kicked clumsily at him, tried to push himself back to sitting, but Risen swung his leg around and launched a boot, connecting again with the traitors face, this time with even greater effect. Sylvie was inadvertently pulled into the perimeter of the scuffle, and skirts were flying with arms and legs all around.
It was about then that one of the soldiers saw the scuffle and broke it apart. Odgar watched for a bit, appeared immediately amused by it, and was then curious.
What is it between the two of you that could be worse than your current situation? he laughed, signaling for his guards to bring the two boys front and center as his men gathered around. Is it the girl? Do you fight over who should have the girl first?
Sylvie remained fettered on the rope with the other captives.
Speak of it, and you betray my father, Risen hissed at Clovis.
Your father can go to hell, Clovis retorted. Then to Odgar he announced, He is Ravans son! The youth said it flat out, chin defiant as though hed won some great victory.
Risen struggled to reach the traitor, but the guards held him easily.
This news brought a look of intense surprise to Yeorathes face, and the wicked man approached. Hed been preoccupied with his own dinner, but was instantly much more interested in what Odgar was overseeing. Indeed? Yeorathe peered closely at Risen as he addressed Odgar, He looks like anything but the warriors son? Do we even know if Ravan has a son?
Truthfully, if Yeorathe looked closely, Risen bore a striking resemblance to everything that a son of Ravan would be, but perhaps it was less evident because his current condition lent itself to the appearances of more of a street urchin.
He is, the older boy reiterated. Just ask him, and I know his father would pay a sincere ransom to have him back. I know he would. What sort of favor Clovis thought he might gain from this small bit of gossip was uncertain.
A son, Yeorathe murmured. And what were the odds of that! Suddenly, he seemed entirely pleased with himself.
As though comprehending the intentions of the one-eyed commander, Odgar stepped in. Nothing is changed. The boy will be sold in Toulon. It is business as usual.
There were murmurs amongst the men. There was another present, a soldier named Iwan. He was the same fellow who had first seen the children when he scrambled across the creek that fateful morning in the woods. Iwan sidled up to his leader. Not a big fellow, really, he pointed a bony finger at Risen.
It may be true. Look, he does fit the description of Ravan. Then, more excited, That one, he gestured at Clovis, might be right! There may be a fair ransom to be had for him!
Yeorathe twisted a finger in his beard as he studied Risen closely for perhaps the first time ever. Maybe he was reminded of an evening many years before, when he met the most harrowing foe of all in an inn, the day Modred fell. Hmmmransom or not, it would be none that we could spend well, I would venture.
What do you mean? Iwan wondered.
Having since ceased his struggle, Risen trembled, angered to his core and listening to the callous exchange regarding his fate. He tried to look over his shoulder, to see that Sylvie was unharmed after the scuffle.
Yes, you might effect a ransom, but you would be short-lived to spend it well. Yeorathe dismissed the possibility as he faced Iwan. Tor is undone; he underestimated the man, Ravan. The general gestured to his other men. Odgar speaks the truth! We are vanquished after the battle, seeking our damages in the sale of these captives.
Yeorathe indicated the slave children. I have seen the whelps father, know what he is capable of. Yes, he would pay the ransom for the boy. But then, he would hunt us to his dying day until we were all dead. He gestured dramatically. Noour fortune remains with his sale. His gaze fell on Risen. And we will consign him as the son of a Nobleman. That will fetch a decent penny indeed, and Ravan will be none the wiser!
There was nervous laughter amongst the men as they all slowly realized the depth of their indiscretions for, at that very moment, Ravan was surely chasing after his son. And none of them had the slightest notion of how close he might be to catching them.
Is it true? Odgar, snarling at the complication and demanded of Risen.
It is, he said solemnly. I am his son.
And the bitch? Is she your sister?
Risen was instantly offended. When he failed to answer, someoneanother soldierstruck him sharply between the shoulder blades. Down he went in the midst of them all. Regaining his footing, he faced them, hands tied in front of him.
No! She is not. She issomeone I He could hold any gaze but Sylvies just then. someone I meant to save.
Laughter again.
Then you will prove to us you are who you say you are, Yeorathe demanded.
I dont understand Risen began.
You will fight, the general insisted and raised his arms up and down in an effort to incite agreement from the rest of their clan. There were cheers all around.
This prompted a look of confusion from Risen. Who?but, why?
Your accuser. Yeorathe indicated with a flourish the older boy who first spilled the secret, gathering yet another round of applause from his men. Clovis was all at once uneasy at the prospect.
Risens eyes narrowed. He was younger, and considerably outsized, andhe positively relished the thought of trouncing the traitor. Yes, he relished it very much.
Agreed, he said outright.
This was a surprise to the older youth. Hed obviously not bargained for the consequence of what hed shared. I dont want to fight him; I was just telling you who he was, forfor your benefit.
Face me. You wished for them to know who I am? Now you shall know without fail who I am.
You will fightto the death, Yeorathe interrupted Risen.
This was enough to cast a hush over everyone, and curiously, Odgar seemed not at all concerned with the certain loss of yet another one of his captive gains. Perhaps it was as it was for the rest of them. The blood sport of it simply took over.
As frustrated as Risen was with the older boy's cowardice, having betrayed his father as he had, he was even more mortified with the absurd request. I will not, he said flatly. Let us fight, but I refuse to fight to the death.
Then this will be a short fight, Yeorathe smirked and tossed a sword to Clovis.
The boy picked the blade up from the dirt and sawed at it, severing his own bound hands. Then he smirked, swinging it back and forth as he advanced slowly on Risen. It appeared that, now that he was armed and his enemy was not, he was more willing to accept the terms of the fightto the death. He slashed the air with the blade to cheers from the crowd. He was obviously empowered by the weapon in his hands.
Risen lifted both hands, not yet accepting the sword that another soldier was holding out for him to take. He spoke to Clovis, tried to reason with him. Don't do this. It is a mistake. Don't let them make something of you which you are not.
What do you know of who I am? You, your castle, your noble family and name! He snorted and swung the sword lazily back and forth in front of himself, crossing and flexing his arms as he did.
He swiped the blade two-fisted in a wide circle, behind himself and over his head, as though he wielded an axe. His unfamiliarity with the weapon was fairly obvious, but he was like a rogue beast, simply dangerous for the brute effort of necessity. No one had any way of knowing what talent the smaller, younger childRavans sonmight possess.
Risen backed away from him. If you wanted for something, you only needed to ask. You know my father would have helped you. This He motioned with tied hands to the jeering circle around them, shook his head at their captors. gets you nothing. It's only a game to them. Dont you see? Were the players. And we both lose.
I didn't need anything. What I wanted is what you had, your life, your precious adoration, everything! The whole township thinks so highly of you! Like youre something special!
These things you wish for, you can have them! You just have to
Yeorathe was evidently tired of the conversation between the boys. He motioned to one of his men, and the soldier hit Risen sharply in the small of his back with his fist, sending him sprawling toward his opponent.
Clovis took the opportunity to advance on his prey. He swung the sword awkwardly, but Risen rolled to his side, barely dodging the overhand slice. Pushing himself to his feet, he skipped sideways in the circle the men had formed around them. He could see Sylvie behind them, still trussed to the stand of trees and with the other captives. She was struggling to stand.
Risen! she called. You must fight!
Clovis swung the sword again, clumsily, a wide sweeping blow at Risen's abdomen. Risen pulled his arms up and sucked his gut in, but the blade connected, leaving a shallow slice nearly eight inches long across his abdomen. It surprised him, the sting of it, and made the fight seem immediately real.
Everything his father had taught him about fighting, everything Ravan had tried to instill in his young son regarding situations just such as this, came instantly to the forefront of his being. He was in danger and needed to defend himself, needed to survive.
Risen had already been struck. He was already disobeying what hed been taught. Then something, something instinctual surfaced, and largely because of simply who he was. He was Ravans son, and this was his first battle. Now, he didn't hesitate.
As Clovis swung through, over correcting and spinning around with his back to his foe, Risen ran, jumped, and planted both feet into his shoulders sending the larger boy sprawling forward onto the ground. Risen took this chance to snatch the other swordthe one he was initially offeredfrom the soldiers hand. He swept his wrists over and pulled them down the blade, deftly severing his own bonds.
Running at Clovis, he closed the distance and struck the boy with the butt of his sword on the back of his head. He was not yet ready to impale another human being, so this seemed reasonable for now. He should have hit him harder.
The older boy was faster than his size suggested. He flipped onto his back and kicked Risen, sending him flying backward. Up into the air he went and down hard onto the ground. He dropped his sword but, hearing his fathers words in his ears, scrambled to retrieve it.
The blade was much too big for him, but he twisted, was up on one knee and able to feint Clovis next blow. Hopping swiftly to his feet, he surprised his opponent, parrying with an offensive set of moves that pushed the bigger boy back a few steps.
There were appreciative calls from the crowd, and Clovis glanced nervously away.
Pausing, Risen stepped sideways, falling into the perfect form that his father had taught him. Clasping the blade with both hands, he held it first vertical and close to his face. Then his stance changed, became wide, wider than his shoulders, and he took a long slow breath in and out, clearing his mind.
He circled his opponent, extending the blade in a gesture toward Cloviss throat. You want this? Is this what you want? Risen baited the boy. Youre so much bigger, so much stronger. Go ahead. Show these men what you are made of, or prepare to die trying.
Clovis raged, stabbed clumsily at Risen with a straight on jab. Swinging his opponent's sword around and down, Risen trapped the blade, edge against the flat, and pinned the point of Clovis sword to the ground. He leapt in, closing the distance, and let go a knuckle punch to his enemys throat. It was enough to stagger his attacker considerably.
Dropping his sword, hands to his larynx, Clovis eyes shot wide, his tongue protruding in a silent howl, but nothing came from his mouth. The boy could not get his breath. Risen, however, was not done with him. He backed the boy up, sword to his face.
Clovis tripped and fell backwards, landing with a hard thud, his eyes pinched closed. When he opened them, he looked directly into the sword tip of the victor, inches from the end of his nose. Terror filled his eyes, he found his voice, and began to cry.
There is a reason you are not like me, Risen sneered in a low voice. You have the heart of a coward and will never be anything more. With that Risen brought the sword up and sliced down hard, severing the boy's left ear cleanly from his head.
Clovis howled and rolled over, clutching the bloody hole where his ear used to be. Risen ignored him, instead stabbing the severed ear with the tip of his sword before walking over and offering it to Yeorathe.
You want him dead? You will have to finish him yourself. Risen threw the blade with the ear still attached into the dirt at his captors feet.
Hushed silence. Slowly there were murmurs of approval from the gathered men, then applause and cheers. Yeorathes single eye narrowed as he studied the son of the man whod destroyed Tors great army.
Silence, he howled at his men. He is no hero!
When it seemed Yeorathe would have issue with the outcome, Odgar intervened. It is fair enough. The coward is undone. He nodded at Clovis first, then indicated to William that he should take Risen back to the tree. The Englishman took him by the arm and steered the boy away, returning him to where Sylvie was tied.
Risen thought the event over and was trembling with the aftermath of the emotional and physical effort hed just endured. He was victorious, his first battle ever, won! His father would have been so proud of him, would surely have taken him into battle that first terrible day had he known he could fight so well!
He was almost in good spirits as he approached Sylvie. Then he heard a squeal come from behind him. It sounded as though someone was butchering an animal. When he went to turn around, to see what the disturbance was, William diverted him, pushed his head back around.
Look on the girl you mean to save. There is nothing more to see from the battle youve won.
It was too late. Risen had glimpsed the demise of Clovis as Yeorathe took his wrath out on the defeated boy. It was a bad death, the first blows he dealt were not quite fatal, and Risen was mortified by the cruelty of it. He tore his eyes away, hoped that Sylvie did not see, and covered his ears with his hands, trying to block out the cries that weakened behind him. He heard instead his fathers voice
In your life, there is only one battle for you to lose, the one that will fell you. Then there are no more. So, that is a battle you must never face. Remember, when it is to the death, a bad victory is always better than a good defeat.
He did not see Odgar watch him as he retreated. The true leader of the band perhaps noticed for the first time the warrior in this particular captive. Yes, this was one worth more than all the others. This one could be sold to the Janissary. That night, Odgar checked Risens bindings himself.

*  *  *

Two nights later, they rode into Nevers, and Risen thought it a lifeline. No matter what their circumstances might be, theyd been forced to ride for five days straight with only short camps to rest the animals. He and Sylvie had been allowed very little respite, even at camp. Moreover, he was increasingly worried about her for, after the dreadful event with Clovis, she spoke less, and when she did, it was very pragmatic and almost calm. She also kept watch for him, seemed to wish to have Risen in her line of sight always.
When the band of men marched into the small town with the child prisoners in tow, Risen thought how welcoming it might be to sleep somewhere other than the cold forest floor. He considered how hed taken his warm bed for granted, had assumed it would always be there for him.
It was not that his father had not made him endure cold nights and scarce resources at times, but home and his bed had always been waiting for him at the end of these adventures. It was just that hed never really considered the possibility that the everyday comforts he took for granted might be finite. There were many things he wished he could say to his father now.
He reflected on what his parents tried to teach him, tried to instill in him to grow his strength and his character. It was for a time like this, a time when he would have to pull on his cunning and will to survivealone.
Ravan and Nicolette must have known they might not always be there, and when the time came, would want their son to be able to defend himself. It made Risen wonder more deeply about his parents, wonder at the things theyd endured before he was born. He decided that if he survived this, he would try to pay greater attention, learn more of whom his parents really were.
Now there was no guarantee of ever getting home, but Risen was fierce in his belief that somehow he could affect his own destiny. As it turned out, tonight there were no beds for the young captives. Even so, the straw loft of the livery was a welcome relief to the eternal damp and cold of the ground.
Here, he murmured to Sylvie and pushed more of the straw into a mound. We can sleep on this. Itll be warm, and together we can gather our strength.
This time he did not remind her to remove the leg brace but went straight to the task himself, his hands swiftly undoing the buckles.
Why? her voice was small.
He paused, glanced about the small loft in confusion as he laid the brace aside. Because, we need rest and
No. Tell me. Why do you care so much for me, care if I gather strength? She was not somber only sincerely honest. You are the one who must survive. You should not worry so much for me.
He was almost angry. Sylvie! He knelt by her and took her hands in his. You cannot be like that! You cannot give up! We will both survive this. Do you hear me? Both of us!
She did something he quite did not expect. She reached up and touched his cheek, almost smiled as she did. I want you to survive, Risen. Really, I do. ButIm not sure that I want to anymore. This world is too cruel for me.
He choked back tears, looked away, pretended to focus on the other captives who were finding precious niches of their own for the night. His lips creased in frustration. Finally looking again at her face, his vision blurred through his emotions. But
She waited, beautiful and poised, her pale eyes so very patient. She was always like that, so eternally patient.
Risen, she said, nearly smiling, it is all right. I have lost too much, dont you see? You worry so much when God simply may have another plan for me. When his expression was unchanged, she pressed him. What? What is it?
He forced himself to stifle his grief, glanced away then back at her. Sylvie He swallowed hard. I love you.
That brought a look of mild surprise and then composure to her face. Risen, of course you do, and I love you too, but
No, not like that. He stopped her with a slice of his hand, then he took her hand from his face and squeezed, fortifying himself. Sylvie, I am in love with you. I love you. Dont you see?
Her eyes widened even more, and Risen thought she seemed pleased, a soft smile nearly crossing her lips. He added, before she could say anything, I have been in love with you forfor a long time. Looking away, he murmured, Ive just not had the courage to tell you until now. ButI cannot imagine life without you.
Now Sylvie did smile, and she was about to say something in reply but was interrupted by a ladder slamming against the edge of the loft. A man appeared, his face popping up over the edge of the rough boards as he struggled to keep the torch he held from falling. In his other hand was a sack of bread. He began to toss it out, and the other captives scrambled for it.
Stay, Risen said urgently and entered the fray.
In no time at all he secured two large chunks of his own and was returning to Sylvies side when the man called from behind him.
You. Come with me.
Risen turned, mistook the mans intent, and resigned himself to the fact that he would not likely overpower this brute. He hesitated before tossing the bread to Sylvie.
Eat this, all of it. Ill be back, he said before turning to go with the man.
Not you. The girl.
It was a second before Risen processed what the man requested. Her?
The man motioned for the girl to go with him, and Sylvie struggled to rise from the straw without her brace.
No! Risen pushed her too roughly back onto the pile of straw. No! She will not go with you! He spun on the soldier.
The man had a look of frustration on his face but clambered heavily the rest of the way up into the loft. He was large, as most of the mercenaries seemed to be, and seemed more apologetic than angry as he focused on the girl.
Im sorry, little miss. Yeorathe wishes for you to come to him.
She will not! Risen protested again.
The mercenary ignored him as he began to walk to the girl, to reach for her arm, but Risen pulled from his boot the knifethe one hed hidden all this time. Never had the opportunity presented itself clearly for them to escape. Never had the captives been left unguarded, but hed been patient. Father taught him this, and he knew that the moment would eventually arise.
Now the moment was here, but it was not entirely as he wished. There was no obvious escapenot unless he could kill the man and be gone. This was not to be, however, for as the man leaned down and grasped Sylvies arm, he shoved Risen roughly aside to move him from his path.
The knife flashed, swept over and hard, but the mans battle leathers were decent and dulled the impact. Even so, the blade pierced through them and drove into the shoulder joint of the mercenary. Cursing, the man let Sylvies arm go, dropping her back into the straw. He pawed at the weapon with one hand as he swung the torch about with the other. Try as he might, he could not reach the blade, could not pull it from the back of his shoulder. It was as though a hornet had stung him, and swing for it all he wished, it remained where itd been planted.
The mercenarys left arm weakened and hung helpless to serve him, and he was forced to leave the weapon where it was and move the fire to his only good hand. He was suddenly alive with rage and turned on Risen, swinging with the torch so abruptly that it cracked him hard, laying the boy out flat.
Back onto the timbered floor of the loft he tumbled. Flashes of light sparked in front of his eyes, sweeping like tiny shooting stars, before all went dark. Risen would not see the man turn back to Sylvie, would not see him herd her with the torch and his own bulk as he shoved her toward the ladder. He would likewise not see the other boys move in to steal his bread.
When Risen awoke, it hurt to move his head, hurt to blink his eyes. He scrambled for the edge of the loft and peered below. There stood a single mercenary, hand resting idly on the hilt of a sword. The ladder was gone, and so was Sylvie.
He turned on the other boys, whispered hoarsely. Where is she? Why did you let him take her?
Mute looks and sad heads bobbed their shameful replies. They turned from him, unwilling to involve themselves in the plight of the youngest captive. Theyd all keenly observed the fight with Clovis two nights before, and ever since, the others had appeared to isolate themselves from Ravans son.
Risen ignored them, scanned the floor for his knife. Gone. He was utterly without resource. Think, I must think!
Back to the edge of the loft he went. Squinting he tried to make out the time of day. It wasnt much later from when hed engaged the soldier, he thought, but he couldnt be sure. He tried to focus on the man below him, tried to gauge the distance and height.
Then, Risen did a very risky thing. Balancing on the edge of the loft, he took a chance and leapt feet firstonto the head of the soldier.


CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT


William was keeping to himself at the end of the wood slab bar. It was a raucous crowd, hard drinking, hard quarreling, and it was their men who contributed the most to the debauchery. The Englishman struggled to stay in the present, to keep himself from thinking about the girl, andabout Eleanor.
Here he was, many years and countless miles from his past, and yet it made him intensely sad, for some reason, and seemed to be most of what preoccupied his mind nowthe captive girl and the dark haired boy who was obviously in love with her. It was therefore a complete surprise to him when the stabbed mercenary, the one with the blade in his shoulder, came barreling through the tavern door with Sylvie in tow.
Bastard attacked me! the man spat, turning around, showing all of them the knife that still protruded from his shoulder. There was laughter amongst the men, and the man shoved Sylvie roughly to the floor in front of him, ignoring her as he appealed for help from his comrades. She held her hands over her face and did not look up.
Another man tried to pull the knife from the soldiers shoulder. The joint had contracted, the tendons tightening in objection to the foreign invasion. The blade was stuck fast within the capsule of the joint, and the mercenary groaned as his mates struggled to pull the weapon loose. Ultimately, the third man who attempted to rid him of the knife succeeded, freeing him as he pulled it with a crunch from the shoulder. The wounded man moaned, flexed his fingers, gingerly reestablished mobility of the arm, swearing as everyone else ignored his plight and examined, insteadthe blade.
William stepped away from the bar, receiving the exquisite weapon as it was passed around. Hed never seen anything like it; it was extraordinary! But the markthe one carved into the butt of the bladeit was somehow familiar. He passed his finger over it. Yes, hed seen it before, and he squinted, turning the weapon over in his hands as he tested the edge with his finger.
It surprised him how easily he cut himself, and he swept the other mans blood from the steel onto his pant leg just to examine it more closely. This was not a boys device, and this was no weapon of opportunity taken by the childs clever resource. Nothis was a weapon from the heart, and seldom, if ever, had he seen one crafted as magnificently as this one was. This knife belonged in the hands of the boy; he could feel it. He believed this blade had been forged by the boy andhis father.
There was something so alive about the knife that it drove home to William the belief that Risen was not only Ravans son, Ravan was Risens father, and the mercenary would never cease his search until he found the boy. He frowned.
By now, most were focused on the girl, and William slipped the blade into his belt, behind the scabbard of his sword before anyone noticed. Yeorathe was in fine form, bellowing how they would profit from sale of one such as the boy, one with such firehis enemys son.
Sylvie remained unmoving, so small in comparison to all that went on around her, and still kneeling on the tavern floor. But, incredibly, William saw her resolve steady as she looked almost calmly about herself, her gaze settling on the single-eyed visage of the monster that postured before her. She wore an expression of acceptance, of how Yeorathe would be her undoing, and that would be the end of her.
Yeorathes humor fell with this one, simple actthat she would look so calmly at him. Think you will look at me as you do? Well, you will not look at me in such a way when I have finished with you. He growled in a low voice and slowly, deliberately, replaced his drink on the bar.
Others dropped their din so that they might hear him better. Iwan leered, a flat grin creasing his weasel face, and leaned in closer, turning his head so that he could hear with his only good ear. It was a gesture that made him appear quite like a fleshed-out monkey.
The one-eyed leader advanced on the child, prepared to take from her what he wished, but it was William who stepped between them.
I cannot allow this, the Englishman said flatly.
An immediate hush fell over the crowd. Odgar, who was by then more consumed of the food set before him than what might amuse his men, turned about in his chair to observe the exchange.
Yeorathe seemed most surprised of all. The Englishman, his subordinate, had challenged him, and this he was not accustomed to. Pushing the stiffness of his already sprung erection from his crotch, he finally gathered his wits enough to challenge Williams insubordination.
A descendant of Vikings, and as his Norse ancestors did, Yeorathe preferred a two fisted axe as his weapon of choice. He deftly pulled the weapon from its rest as though he would use it on William. It was a brutal weapon and a reckless gesture.
You dare step in front of me? he said. Delay my intentions? You are my hireling! You have no say here!
William drew his own sword, his intentions sincere. You harm the prisoner, and she is worth less to us. I have been appointed their care. I will not allow it.
Odgars eyebrow rose as he took another bite of the fish in front of him.
She will survive me, Yeorathe snarled.
She will survive you impure, William countered, unrelenting as he stood his ground. Youve already cost us one prisoner for your sport, and you mean to cost us another with your lust. Or, are you so impotent that you must have a girl? A cripple at that? He baited Yeorathe further. Cannot you find a real woman willing to lay with you?
Murmurs began amongst the men but not because this was a moral issue. The nature of their trade regularly offered itself up to cruelty. Child rape or even murder was sadly common but of little concern to men such as these. To have one of them express consideration would have been unusual to be sure. No, it was Williams financial pleas that affected them most.
These men coveted one thing above allprofit. They were hired soldiers, mercenaries of gain. The girl, crippled though she was, could be sold as a slave servant for whatever purposes her owner desired. And all of these men were acquainted well enough with eastern culture to know that a female slave, pure, was ten times the worth of one defiled. Men of means would pay well enough for her, even if she was of a single use.
The murmurs increased, and the lively atmosphere died away, for when it came to compensation, the soldiers were entirely serious. If Yeorathe did something to insult the profitability of their efforts, he would swiftly fall in his mens eyes. This was evidently sensed by their leader, for he argued the point.
She is of no value pure. No one could want a cripple such as her!
You do, William said smoothly, fast to counter.
He rested the point of his sword on the earthen tavern floor and crossed his arms across the butt of it. It was a gesture of finality. The Englishman recognized this was a dangerous path, to offend Yeorathe so openly, but perhaps it was the path hed always wanted, he thought suddenly. This fortified him with unreasonable courage, and he remained steadfast between Sylvie and Yeorathe.
I will not have you pull from my pocket coin that is not yours to take, William said with finality. Truthfully, the coin had never been Williams real concern. His had been a crusade of forgetfulness, a shrouding of his own humanity. Again, more stirrings from the crowd, and dissent began to surround the soldiers like a slowly rising flood. Funny how a room can close in on you when ill feelings grow, William thought to himself, collapse faster than a mud house in a flood.
The conflict at the Ravan Dynasty had not gone nearly as well as the men had hoped, and Tor was probably still warm in the ground. Profits had been much leaner than expected, and so the sale of the slaves was supposed to right that somewhat. Yeorathe peered from one man to the next, but in the end he seemed to recognize that his rule of the small band was not firmly established, and the risk of mutiny could be great.
William had bargained on this.
Re-sheathing his weapon, Yeorathe spat on the girl. Get the bitch from my sight. She sickens me, he snarled.
And with that, William knew the leaders lust was one for the vulnerable and the weak. This was good to know, for if a man would rape a defenseless child, he would certainly plunder his own men, given the opportunity.
Odgar nodded, said nothing, and returned to his dinner, obviously satisfied that his gains were secure if Yeorathes trousers were not. The other men seemed likewise pleased with the outcome, and appeared happy to return to their festivities.
It was just then that William made the decision that this would be the last campaign he would sustain with these men, perhaps his last campaign ever. His heart was weary as he wondered what he would then do, where he might lay his withered soul to rest. Resentment clouded his mind in a way that he could not explain. It was as though hed been instantly robbed of his capacity to bury himself, to cloak not only who he was but the memory of the woman he once loved. And all because of the girl!
Pulling Sylvie roughly to her feet, the Englishman dragged her from the tavern and led the limping child back to the livery, saying nothing as they went. It left him sore, what Yeorathe had intended to do to her. All the same, he struggled with the liability Sylvie had placed upon his heart.
The blade, the one that had been pulled from the guards shoulder, pressed into his hip, and he was reminded of it, thought again about the mark on the blade handle. Hed seen that mark before, he knew he had. Then it came to him. It was on the coat of arms of the soldiers that had defended the Ravan dynasty! And defend it they had, magnificently! Theyd trounced Tors army both in might and strategy, their marksmanship stupendous as their longbowmen devastated the invading forces. Even outnumbered, Ravans men had dominated the battle from the outset. Tor had underestimated this one, had let his passion cloud his vision. William knew the story, had heard the tale of how the dark one set Tor on fire and killed his brother before finally felling his son, Modred.
Of course, the tale had not been accurate, William assumed. There was always more than one side in a dispute. The truth, he believed, was generally somewhere in the middle. Nevertheless, he recognized the marka ring, threaded onto a cross.
Why did you spare me? Sylvies question jarred him from his thoughts.
You heard; you know why. He did not look at her only held firmly to her hand as he pulled her along.
We both know that isnt true.
William stopped and spun on her, stooping so that his face was close to hers. Why do you vex me? What is it you hope to accomplish? He was unnaturally angry and stopped her where she stood, stared hard at her, meant to intimidate her, but it was not fear that he saw in her eyes.
Youre not bad, not like they are. She swept one frail hand back from the direction of the others.
His gaze was locked onto hers, his face twisted. You have no sense of what I am! You believe you do, but you dont.
Youre not the man you were supposed to be. I have a sense of that. She rested her hand softly on his shoulder, brushed a lock of his hair from it.
It was a heart-rending gesture. This pushed William further than he was willing to endure, and he raised his hand, held it suspended as though he meant to strike Sylvie down. She did not cringe, only waited for the blow as though he was about to hand her a gift.
Instead of focusing on her, he fixed his stare on his own hand and remained frozen, as though the world had ended, and this was his last position. His breathing steadied as she reached up to take his hand in hers.
Thank you, she said. You saved me.
He stared at her, studied the child that reminded him so much of his Eleanor. You dont know me, he said, his voice hoarse with emotion, and be grateful that you dont.
Then he lifted Sylvie and carried her the rest of the way to the livery. He said nothing more; he didnt need to. She did know him, but how was completely lost to him. Sylvie knew his heart as sure as if she was his own daughter.

*  *  *

William stepped into the livery just in time to see a boy fall from the loft overhead. The guard standing beneath was caught totally unaware as Risen leapt and landed with his feet square on his head, snapping him face forward, and sending him sprawling hard onto the ground.
Risen hadnt yet seen William and Sylvie in the doorway. Instead he snatched at the sword still fastened to the fallen mans waist but was unable to grasp it before the guard gathered himself and rolled over. With a heave, he kicked Risen, sending the boy flying away from him.
Toppling backwards, he somersaulted but promptly found his feet. Leaping up, he searched furtively about as though for a weapon of any sort. It was then that Risen noticed Sylvie standing with the Englishman in the doorway. Completely abandoning his scuffle with the guard, he began to run toward them but was tripped when the fallen man grasped him by the heel, sending him tumbling again.
He ignored his attacker, focusing instead on William. Did you hurt her? Is she hurt? He swung clenched fists down into the ground in a gesture of futility as he raged. Youre a monster! Do you hear me? If you hurt her, IllIll
The guard continued to claw at Risen, scrambled to grasp hold of the boys kicking feet. William held up his hand to interrupt the brawl.
She is unharmed, he announced with grave authority.
The other captive boys peeked cautiously over the edge of the loft at the commotion below. The soldier had by then regained his feet and clumsily drew his sword.
Pointing it at Risen but speaking to William, he said, Little bastard knocked me flat! Im running him through
He began to advance on Risen, but Williams voice rose above all the confusion. Leave him be.
But he tried to kill me! Tried to escape! The guards sword dangled loosely in one hand as he swept the other toward the boy.
Leave him. It is your own ineptitude that landed you on the ground, and let it be a lesson to you, but Ill not have you take your shame out on the captive. William reverted to his argument in the tavern. The boy is for sale, and you will not damage our gains, no matter your wounded pride.
The soldier was perhaps not the sharpest of the band of men and rubbed his head with some confusion. He appeared weakly ready to object further, but William motioned him away.
Youre relieved. I will stand the guard tonight and not speak of your failure here. William said it as though the fault was entirely the guards, and he would cover his wretched humiliation before anyone else discovered it.
Leaning down to snatch his hat from the ground, the guard seemed to reconcile the odds of a salvageable eveningin or outand decided that in was definitely the better choice. He said nothing more, only stomped from the livery, brushing the dirt from his trousers as he left.
Shouldve killed him in the woods, the man muttered as he stomped away.
Risen jumped to his feet and walked tenuously over to Sylvie. Did theyare you
Im not hurt. She indicated William. He stopped them.
I reasoned with them. Everything I said was true; it wasnt personal. The Englishman hastily brushed away any interpretation of compassion and shoved her, perhaps harder than he meant to, toward Risen. Get back to the loft, nowboth of you.
Risen caught her in his arms and held her upright, searching her eyes. He spoke softly. They didnt touch you? Youre all right?
She righted herself and brushed her filthy shift straight. No. I told you, he wouldnt let them. She nodded over her shoulder at the English soldier. William scowled as she began to add, He isnt what you think
I said get into the loft! William stepped closer, fists clenched. Nowbefore I change my mind and return you to Yeorathe!
Risen glowered at him as he gently steered Sylvie beneath the loft. The faces peering from above disappeared as William propped the ladder. Up the two went, Risen following Sylvie, keeping his arms around her legs, for she was unstable without the brace. In this fashion, he climbed up behind her.
The children crawled over the edge of the loft, and William pulled the ladder away. Taking up a post closer to the livery door, he sat, leaning heavily against a large timber. He reached, taking from his jacket a wine flask but only stared at it. It was familiar to him, had campaigned with him for many years. Once, in battle, itd been nearly ruined, cut into with a sword, but the slice hadnt gone all the way through. It had been his greatest fear that day, that he would lose this old friend. Tonighthe cast it aside.
Resting one arm across his knee, he leaned his head heavily back against the beam and gazed at the night sky that loomed brilliantly above the small town. His was a weary face, older than it should have been. His eyes were sad and so very lonely. Williams whole demeanor carried an expression of someone living only because it was a task he could not escape.
Then, something truly remarkable happened. For the first time in a very long while, the Englishman felt the sting of purpose, the burden of humanity. Hed not shouldered this for nearly longer than he could remember, and it was unfamiliar, like a new set of clothes. He embraced it, permitted it to cross the threshold, allowed it to settle across the mantle of his shoulders and sink into the lost corners of his heart. For the first time in a very, very long time, William felt the sting of a tear. He brushed it aside and decided that it was not such a disagreeable feeling after all.

*  *  *

Once back in the loft, Risen noticed first that their nest of straw was goneconfiscated by the other boys.
You will be sorry for your thoughtlessness! he threatened but was too battered to engage the other captives any further. The two of them found a dark corner where the slope of the roof met an upright wall and leaned against it for a bit, sitting next to one other.
He isnt evil, Sylvie whispered. They are, but he isnt.
Why do you care? Risen was incredulous. He is part of them. They killed your parents, your brother!
He did not, she countered gently.
How do you know that? How can you trust him? He didnt wait for her to answer. It doesnt matter. A man would not be in this trade were he not evil. That is the all of it.
She turned to better face him, wincing as she straightened her bad leg. She reached for his hand. Risen, think of your father. Do you believe him to be a good man?
Of course I do. He was moderately annoyed that she would even ask such a thing.
He began to unlace her shoe as he meant to ease it from her foot. What he did was a very intimate thing, and in the ordinary course of life it would have been intensely forbidden. But they were not in an ordinary course of life, and they were not constrained by the belief system of the elders of their time. They were childrentaken, fragile, and on a path as uncertain as the life of a raindrop. He then pulled off her other shoe and laid it next to its mate.
Do you believe your father has ever killed a man? Sylvie asked as Risen pulled off his jacket and spread it across the laps of both of them.
This question caught him by surprise, and he answered hastily. Of course he has. Thats just a foolish question. He was immediately sorry about this and quickly added, It was hishis duty, his occupation. You dont understand. Sometimes there are bad people and
Now he thought himself ignorant, for no one should be able to understand better than she that there were bad people who could and would do bad things.
Were you present during his occupationwhen he has ever killed anyone? She pressed him gently as she reached for his hand.
Risen was somewhat preoccupied with her holding his hand, and he forced himself to concentrate, studied her, his eyes reflecting his uncertainty. Why do you ask me these things? My father is a good man. You know this.
Yes, Risen. He is. Of this I have no doubt. Yet what I know of your father is very little if you think about it. He was modestly offended, and she added gently, I know that he is a good father and a good husband. I know that he is a brilliant warrior and that he rules the dynasty with care. But, I also know that he iswas, a mercenarya hired soldier. You yourself told me this.
I dont understand what you are trying to say. My father is a great man, and
Risen was genuinely miserable and rubbed his head gingerly, cautiously exploring the orbital ridge of his eye. It was swelling from the blow the soldierthe one whod taken herhad given him at the outset, but he could not see the deep purple that was marking it now.
Sylvie persisted. I am saying that your father was also taken once. He was owned by the one they called Duval. We have all heard tale of this.
Risen remained on the defense. My father would never hurt children or women. I know this in my heart. It is part of his principles. He
And, evidentlyneither would William.
This gave him pause, and he searched her eyes, tried to draw from them what she already appeared to know. Theyd been through so much, suffered so much.
He tried but was unconvinced. We cannot trust him, Sylvie. We mustnt.
I did not say that we could. I only mean to say his soul is a tortured one. He deserves compassion, Risen. He deserves love.
You will excuse me if I dont feel the same way. Risen physically pulled away from her. He is one of them. He means to profit from our misery. He
She stopped him, laid her arm on his and, again, took his hand. Laying it against her cheek, she kissed his palm. This was enough to instantly arrest him, for Sylvie had never before reached for him in this fashion, and certainly never kissed him, even if it was his hand. Searching his soul for words, he found none.
Only a short time ago he had professed his love for her, and he thought she meant to do the same. This still burned within his heart, and when she did not, he wondered if she remembered. Would she say those words to him? But was this not the same? This kiss on his hand? 
She held his hand gently to her chest, over her beating heart. He believed she read his thoughts, saw into his soul.
Risen, if you love me, do not let anger cloud your heart. If you love me, truly love me as you say, let it not be blighted with hatred for another, especially one you may not know as well as you think you do. She replaced his hand onto his lap. I would be difficult to love another who would be so unfeeling.
Risen struggled with this, with Sylvies ability to forgiveher willingness to extend pity. Sylvie, these men captured us. They will sell us when we reach the sea. We will be parted, perhapsperhaps He could not say what he believed to be true, that if they were separated he would survive, possibly, but she most certainly would not. I cannot share your charity, he admitted. If I have the opportunity, I will kill them.
Thereit was out. Hed said it. He was, after all, his fathers sonoffspring of Ravan, son of the most feared mercenary ever. But, he dreaded what she might say in return.
Risen, I know our fortunes are uncertain. Things are changed. But of this I am certain, that you saved my life that morning at my familys farm. I am also convinced that at this moment we are together in this loft, and the stars have come out. She shifted, indicated the small venting window that was long fallen from its hinges near the shambled roof peak, and nudged closer to him, resting her head tenderly on his shoulder. Dont you feel so fortunate that we can share them together?
He turned his cheek, allowed his lips to caress her hair, pressed them against her. Risen closed his eyes, breathed in the essence of her leaning against him. She reached a thin arm around his waist, and his heart swelled for he could not imagine, at that moment, loving someone more than he did her. This was a very powerful thingthe first time a heart feels connected in this way.
He then allowed his gaze to wander past the small window opening shed indicated. Beyond sparkled a black, velvety night, sprinkled with perhaps the brightest stars Risen had ever seen.


CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE


The moon slanted through the quarter window of the ship, breaking through the clouds and splashing off the water in so many parallel, silver ribbons. It also lit the body of a sailor, shining cool off his deeply tanned skin as he peeled from his clothes. His frame was lean, angular and still holding its youth.
A scar arced in nearly a perfect hook, across his shoulder, down his back, and off his right flank. It was ironic because it was caused by a hook tossed from a stubborn fish, the line having swept across the boom of a boat as it marked him in such a peculiar way.
Itd been an ugly wound, and his first mate had stitched it closed. It was wide and ridged, and glistened an odd, pearl grey on his skin giving it an even more surreal appearance. Once the pain was gone, he was indifferent to it, but over time he grew to like it, believing it was a good sign. Sailors needed signs, and this sailor thought it was Gods way of letting him know he was there, and a time would come when they would meet and have words with each other.
He was a young captain, almost thirty, but his vessel was owned outright, and he had the experience of a lifetime at sea. Shrewd, sharp, and with a fierce wit, Salvatore was a man of some notoriety. What drove him was the ocean and his boat upon it, though his fathers voice could always be heard somewhere, reminding him that a living must be made.
Its a balance, the old sailor had warned him, and you must run back and forth along the scales. The risk, he shook a finger at his son, is that carelessness can make you lose your freedomthe freedom to chase your lovea ship on the open sea. His father had also been in love with the sea, and Salvatore stepped easily into his footsteps.
He remembered his fathers words now, thought that perhaps hed spent more time than he should on one side of those scales, but this trip had helped to even them out a bit. And the cargo had not been complicatedIndian salt and the burros that packed it. The Europeans craved the salt these days, and the nutty, brown rice it was packed in. A small, surely scarcely missed portion of it had been a welcome treat for his men on their voyage. And, theyd butchered one of the burros too. Salvatore knew the buyers would assume the loss as an acceptable hazard at sea, and his men would remain well fed and loyal as ever.
The boat swayed slightly against her moorings as the naked man splashed Mediterranean oil into his hair, running his fingers through it before sweeping it back behind his ears. He ran his hand over his short beard, salvaging the last of the oil before donning his best, least salty, clothes.
Warm, brown eyes sparkled as he eyed himself in the captains mirror, a gift given him for a covert dash into the orient. The ships cargo that particular run had been a single passenger, and the thickly framed mirror was a rare and appreciated gift in addition to the generous payment. Tonight, Salvatore appreciated the image that stared back at him.
His pulse quickened, and a familiar excitement ran down his neck and across his shoulders as surely as though someone had drawn a finger there. He anticipated his evening. It was his intent to be ashore within the hour, drunk within two, and back aboard his ship infive, perhaps six. But not until hed fought at least one fight and occupied some sweet, female company landside.
Salvatore took up his sword, a Spanish Toledan that had belonged to his father, and lastly, he looped the leather cordthe one with an image carved in red coral fixed to itabout his neck. It was a bird, a raven. He dropped the token beneath his shirt and passed his hand over it, making sure it rested there. Then he kissed two fingers and pressed them against the wood underbelly of his ship.
Grace go with you, he murmured to her before leaving his captains quarters.
Stalking onto the deck, he scanned the boat as a lover does the body of his mate. The graceful curve of her, sweeping to the bow, was busy with activity. Two masts stood against the bright, early night sky, their spreaders like so many arms, greeting their master, begging him to stay. A smile pulled at the edge of his lips. He would not be gone from her for very long, for the Red Raven was a jealous mistress.
Itd been a good runprofitable, and his crew would be well rewarded. There were a few repairs to be tended, some wagers to make square on, but it was a good tide, and he was in high spirits as he breathed in deeply of the night air.
His crew was busy, scurrying about, for theyd scarcely been at dock a few hours. They unloaded freight, restocked supply, scrubbed, stowed, and secured all that must be until his ship was perfect. Then, they would break. It was how he commanded his ship, and his men were of his kind, respecting his ethic as though it was their own.
Several of the sailors looked up from their work, nodded or gave a two fingered wave as their captain surfaced from below. This was not the first time theyd been ashore with Salvatore. When all was in place, they too would go landside in shifts, perhaps seeing him there, perhaps not.
Men! he cheered and swept a hand across the lot of them. A splendid voyage, and it is time we reap the spoils of our toils!
He was met with a resounding cheer from all of them. Then, the Spaniard stalked down the plank and onto the dock. Moments later he was swept up into the early tide of life that was evening in the small, wicked town of Toulon.

*  *  *

Ravan entered the port town at nearly dusk. He and his band of men were exhausted. They had ridden nearly nonstop for eight days, resting only long enough to keep themselves in the saddle and exchange their horses for fresh mounts. They were gravely worn and lean, their mounts even more so.
The animals were untacked straightaway, and respite was gained as well for his men as they camped on the outskirts of Toulon. Velecent alone would accompany Ravan into town.
Hed learned, along the way, from those who would help them and a few who wouldnt, that Toulon was the end stop of their search. Here they would find the captive children or discover them missing, if they were already goneset sail to the East to be sold.
The bustling town of Toulon was a shipping seaport, and something Ravan was unfamiliar with. He immediately didnt like it, strongly preferred the isolation of the mountains, the solitary voice of wind through the forest on a cold day. There were men of all sorts and ill sortstraders, sailors, merchantseven pirates if one looked closely enough. Ravan did not fear them, for he was more than well acquainted with their like.
Besides Risen and Sylvie, there were many other commodities being bought and sold in the seaside marketfurs, goat skins, wine, copper, silk. Then there were those who dealt with less than reputable trades, slavery being one of them. Amongst them were those who would sell a child. Ravans heart hardened.
No one who walked this village could know it, but there was a time when this dark mercenary had endured for a long while the taste of murder and revenge on the back of his tongue. Itd been a blessing and a curse for him, had given him strength when all else had failed him. A woman whom he loved and two children, a home, frienda brother, these things had taken the awful taste from him. Nowit was back.
Initially, he fought an overwhelming urgency to simply scourge the harbor, to search boats, warehouses, and docks for anyone who might know of the whereabouts of his son. But he realized this would be nearly an impossible task, and so his strategy was simple. He must find out which boats sailed east, find out who was supplying recruits for the Turkish army, find the heart of profit in human trade.
His first order of business was to find out who knew somethinganythingabout slave trade. This would not be easy, for profitability, even under black circumstances, prevented many from sharing sources. But Ravan already knew the minds of men such as these, and so it was he chose to enter his search as a seller, not a buyer. The logical first place to look was the harbor
The dock masteryes, for tax! There must be a list! Velecents lean face seemed renewed,
And so they found themselves, in short order, at the harbor masters office. Pounding a second time on the timbered door of the small building, they were greeted by a man of considerable stature.
Pulling a wool cloak over his shoulders as though he would leave, the fellow said cheerily, Business is closed today, gentlemen. I am open again in
Before he could finish his statement, Ravans strategy was lost on him. Urgency overcame him and a sweet red swept across his sight, slowing and darkening everything in a most perfect way. The harbormaster may as well have been the man who stole Risen from his home.
Ravan pushed his way into the small building, murder in his eyes. Velecent kicked the door closed behind them and reached for the shoulder of his friend. The harbormaster backed away and sat down heavily onto a chair, almost as though he was used to such a late evenings interruption.
The fellowobviously used to dealing with the likes of those who bargained herewas almost unimposing. Yes, he appeared unhappy to engage the strangers but was otherwise not concerned by the visitors, not one bit.
Theres no coin here, he said simply. I do not deal in capital; all funds are collected and moved to an armed depot several times a day. Im sorry, this is only a record library that youve come to. There is a flotilla that enforces the rules; you will not leave port without their consent.
The man spoke French but with an accent. His courage was unusualor foolishand Ravan thought his accent possibly Spanish or Portuguese. It was enough to draw the red from the mercenarys eyes.
It is the records that interest me. Nothing more. Help me and you will not be harmed. Ravans raw voice carried with it the weight of serious intent, and the man seemed more than happy to comply.
Well if its records you want, weve no issue then. All business is legitimate. We can have a look first thing in
Now. We look now, Ravan stabbed his finger onto the middle of the only table in the room.
The gentleman shot Velecent a pained expression from beneath bushy brows, as though to say, I dont like your friend
In short order, they had several sheaves of records spread before them on the table, lists of goods that were bought and sold, and the tariffs paid for their captains right to use the port. Amongst the lists were two ships that had sailed in the last week carrying slaves. The list and descriptions were as follows:
~The   (black horse) a Greek vessel, Captain Tasoula Bakas: Amongst the cargo, thirty-two slaves. These were twenty adult males and twelve adult females. This ship sailed three days ago for Carthage.
~The Bakire Kurt (Virgin Wolf), Turkish vessel, Captain Mesud Demetrios: Amongst the cargo, ninety-two slavessixty-seven adult males, nineteen adult females, four youth male, and one youth female. The ship sailed three evenings before for Antalya.
A youth female. Sylvie, it had to be Sylvie! They have Risen and Sylvie! Ravan exclaimed then turned on the harbor master. Describe the youth males. What did they look like?
The man shrugged. I would not remember such a thing. The records are not specific, only estimated age. He listed the male youths ages as two of them being fourteen, one twelve. The female was listed as also twelve and crippled.
Describe them, the male youth. Ravan stepped around the table and toward the man, hands clenched. He drew his knife, spun it around and over the back of his hand and impaled it center on the table, through the paperwork. He added simply, I will kill you as you stand if you do not describe them. Your memory had best serve you. His palm remained resting loosely on the butt of the blade. Ravan did not look up, only waited.
The man held both hands up and struggled to his feet, a look of genuine surprise flashing across his face. Ive no argument with you. IIlet me think. Yes, yes. Of course! I remember. The harbormaster licked his lips and sidled sideways to place the table more between himself and the obviously crazed visitor. His eyes shifted, and regret flashed across his face as Velecent squared himself, arms crossed, allowing the man to move no farther toward the door.
Ravan glanced up, pulled the blade from the table, and tested its edge with his thumb. Yes?
The boys, the older ones. Brown hair, I think. The lot of them, ruggedfarm boys they appeared, from what I could tell, with the filth and all.
The youngest boyand the girl. Ravan approached the harbormaster, pressed the tip of the blade against the mans chest.
The fellow held both hands up, as though this would prompt pity from his persecutor.
Im sorry. I cannotyoure hurting me. I
Ravan eased the blade away a small bit then lifted it as though he would swing. Very well, then you will die.
Yes! Wait! Yes, the female. Fragile little thing; cant believe they would even barter with her. Cripple, as I said, with a brace on her leg. Hair light as flax. A pretty one she was. The boy, about her age, seemed compelled to be close to herI
Ravans eyes burned with anticipation. Go on.
Yes, yessturdy fellow, hair dark as the night and eyes likelike He peered more closely at his antagonist. yours. Yes, he is yours; looks just like you! Of course! That is why you are The man let his sentence trail off and dropped his hand to his sides. Im sorry. I didnt know. He gestured to the records. Most of these are orphaned and have no family. They go wherever the winds take them, and sometimes it is here.
Silence! Ravan commanded before spinning away from him, retreating into his own thoughts.
So it was true. Risen and Sylvie were aboard a ship and bound for Antalya two mornings before. He barely missed catching them, by only two and a half days. He was all at once broken, his heart torn with failure. Just then he wished for nothing more than to have Nicolette here, so that she might give him strength, give him hope. A lesser man would have caved with the emotional and physical exhaustion of it all, but Ravan was not a lesser man. He spun back to the harbormaster.
Tell me of this Demetrios and his ship. Who is he?
The man shrugged as though all should know. He is the captain of the Virgin Wolf. It is a big ship. Deals solely in human trade. The harbormaster glanced away. His partner is Yeorathe Baknan. That one knows his profit margins better than most. He is the only one out of Toulon who trades in soldado juventude, how do you saychild soldiers? He runs with Demetrios, takes their ship to Morea, and this time he hesitated, rechecked his records to be sure, yes, to Antalya. It is there they will sell to the slaves, likely Devsirme.
Devsirme? The man was speaking words unfamiliar to Ravan. What is this?
He stepped closer and listened closely as the harbormaster described Demetrios as a maniot sea captain who dealt specifically in the profit of slaves. The captain appeared to supply transportation for slave trade across the Mediterranean Sea into regions east, especially Turkey. His partner, the one named Yeorathe, was occupied more with the acquisition of the slaves, although he was a Seljuk Turk. They were heading to his homeland, Antalya. The harbormaster had only seen the ship in port a handful of times. It was, evidently, a blossoming venture for the two of them.
Yeorathe, did you say? You are certain? Ravans expression narrowed.
Yes. Yes, that is correct.
Why? Velecent was immediately curious.
Yeorathe. He is one of the four. Ravans expression revealed a growing realization. He was one of the two survivors, at the inn before I came home. He looked at Velecent. It is revenge. The conflict was for revenge.
But the boy lives. We know that now. Velecent indicated the papers. They must not know!
Why? Ravan demanded of the harbor master. Why do the Turks want child slaves? And for the second time they heard of the one called Murad Ithe Turkish Sultan who led the Ottoman Empireand the orphan army he trained.
It is the work of evil! Velecent exclaimed.
Call it what you will, the harbormaster shrugged again. It is profitable on many fronts, and that cannot be disputed.
I need a ship, tonight, Ravan demanded as though the man could pull one from his pocket.
The fellow appeared surprised. There are none to be had at this hour, none reasonable coin could afford.
Unreasonable, then, and there is very little to keep me from being entirely disappointed with you, Ravan said through clenched teeth and raised the blade again so that the man might seriously consider it.
Waitwait. There is one. Captain can be a rightdifficult sort. But for the right price he would get you there, perhaps before the other, less than two weeks Id wager.
Name and where I might find him.
He is just into harbor this eve. I can tell you where he will likely be

*  *  *

It was not long before Ravan and Velecent stood in front of a tavern, right on the edge of the waterfront. It was connected to a warehouse of sorts, a building of considerable size. It was here, at this tavern, they were told they could find anyone or anything, coming or going.
The front of the establishment was heavily boarded, but the sound within was staggering, even from a distance. Ravan hesitated, and Velecent gestured with a you first sway of his arm, a look of near amusement crossing his face. His leader scowled, and the two advanced on the tavern shoulder to shoulder only to be stopped abruptly at the door.
You may not bring your weapons in with you, the man barring the entrance explained as dully as he might explain how to peel a boiled egg.
He held a staff across Velecents chest as though he would control the two men as a shepherd would herd sheep. It was Ravans instinct to reach his hand for his sword.
But Velecent said straight up, Of course. We are not here to wage hostility but profit and respite. He flashed a brilliant smile and went to ungird his own sword, glancing at Ravan as he indicated that he should do the same.
And we can be guaranteed there are none armed within this establishment? Ravan wondered.
None who would survive if they pulled them, the doorman answered wryly and received the weapons from the men. He stepped aside, allowing the two to pass.
It was a crowded group that milled heavily within, speaking loudly in several tongues, all swinging the spirit of their choice as they reveled. All of them, despite lacking their weapons, appeared a rough lot and smelled strongly of salt and rot. Ravans stomach turned that his son had been somewhere amongst the dregs of this town. Velecent pushed eagerly past him.
No one seemed to take much notice of the two that entered, even unusual as they were with their battle leathers and warriors countenance. Making their way to the bar, Ravan squeezed between two men, one of them too drunk to notice hed lost his spot, the other not prepared to engage this stranger in conversation. It was several minutes before someone asked him what it was he desired.
I need to know where I might find a man, He said loud enough for the man to hear.
The vendors eyes flashed in return. He was portly and heavily bearded and glanced furtively about. I cannot be of help to you. I dont know your friend.
I would take two draughts of your best ale and have you hear a name. If not, I will happily burn this place to the ground. Ravan said it almost casually. And then my friend, he indicated Velecent who nodded cheerily their direction, will piss on you to put the fire out.
Velecent smiled widely and shrugged in polite agreement to the terms.
When the man appeared genuinely confused, perhaps believing the patrons to be mad, he said, Business is tendered elsewhere. Here we eat, drink, spend.
It is only a name. On Ravans face was clearly the intent that this barbarian would kill all present, or die trying, if his question was not answered to his liking. And the first to go would be the bartender.
The man glanced left and then right. There were men at either corner of the establishment, armed men to keep the crowd in check, obviously.
Velecent stepped in, continued to smile at the bartender. You can call your dogs out if you wish, but do you really want to risk him reaching you before they reach him? 
As though believing the mercenary would indeed scale the bar to reach him, the man checked his flank one last time. Lifting two ales onto the bar, he eased closer to Ravan, his voice dropping to just loud enough above the din for Ravan to hear. Harm can come to me. I will listen, but I cannot guarantee help.
Ravan just began to say, Salvat when he heard a loud exclamation from across the room behind him.
I will gut you this time, Salvatore! You have insulted my honor for the last time!
There was a crash and a thud as the angry man leapt over a table, taking with him the gentleman with whom he was evidently at great odds. Both men careened to the floor but were fast lifted to their feet by the milling crowd.
Salvatore was held by several menobvious friends of his attackerwhile the other man took the chance to land two blows, one to his midriff, the other to his face.
The ships captain laughed, spat blood, and retorted, Oh, yes? Might I say, she would be more faithful if you didnt swing like a woman.
This was enough to prompt another volley of blows. Despite the sailors struggles, he could not break free of those who held him.
Velecent had by then a drink and used it to indicate Salvatore. Fellows a bit outnumbered, wouldnt you say?
He had no time for a response for Ravan was already moving into the fray. He hit the two men who held Salvatore hard from behind, taking all four of them down in a writhing heap onto the earthen tavern floor. Velecent chose to remain at the bar, content to drink his ale and see how three men fared against Ravan and Salvatore.
He looked at the bartender, Meat please. Whatever you have, as long as it is cooked and not rotten. He swung lazily around to watch the fight.
Three of the group were on their feet by then and swinging. Ravan felled one easily then took a blow from another only to fall into the arms of the Spanish captain.
Salvatore righted him and shot with a grin, I regret not to have met you before tonight.
Before Ravan could say anything, both of them were set upon by the other three. Down the five men went and this time stayed on the ground, kicking chairs, swinging fists. It was too chaotic for a proper match and, for the most part, fairly inefficient.
The brawl was hot and fast but ended seconds later as the proprietor himself pulled a sword and gestured with it to the group, bellowing loud enough for all to hear. Gentlemen, take your quarrel outside. I have the stomach for revelry, even sport, but my establishment will not survive sport such as yours.
Salvatore said without delay, Well stop our fighting! I promiseif youll let us drink
Especially you, the bartender leveled the sword at him and indicated the door.
Ravans ale remained un-drunk, and Velecent had scarcely downed his, taken a short draught from Ravans, and grabbed the overcooked lamb shank before they were ushered from the tavern, their weapons tossed after them.
Salvatore was shoved past them both but righted himself and gestured nobly, bowing in front of Ravan as he gathered and strapped on his sword. My gratitude, friendfriends. May the wind be forever at your back. The captain smiled broadly, a black eye already presenting itself. Then he smoothed his jacket, turned and staggered a small bit as he started off into the night, whistling the first notes of an unfamiliar tune.
Velecent took a bite from the lamb shank and pointed at the man with it. Hes getting away.
Salvatore. Ravan spoke only his name, but the way it rolled from his tongue was enough to have the man stop.
The captain glanced cautiously over his shoulder as he turned slowly about, his hand going casually to the hilt of his sword. Sir, I am at a disadvantage as I do not know your name. How am I to know if you are friend or foe? He continued to step slowly backward, farther away from Ravan and Velecent, his pace and stance indicating that his talent with the sword was perhaps considerable.
I need a ship, Ravan said simply.
The captain squinted narrowly, looked Ravan up and down, and replied, You dont seem the seaworthy sort to me, if you dont mind me saying. He gestured with a flick of his wrist, and started to turn about as though he would be on his way.
I need passage, and it would be well worth considering, Ravan added.
This was enough to have the man pause. He spun again slowly and crossed both arms across his chest. Sirs, mine is notnormallya merchant vessel. Neither is it for hirecheaply.
Yours is the ship I need if I am to beat another in a race. Is it not?
This seemed to pique the interest of Salvatore a great deal. His eyes shot wide, wide as his recent beating would allow. You have my interest. Tell me more of this race.
Past Moreo, into Antalya. I must be there by two weeks end.
The captain appeared surprised. Antalya, you say? Ah, now there is a port one can die in. He started to walk a lazy, wide circle around Ravan and Velecent. Tell me, what is it you seek should you win your race?
My sonand the death of the one who took him, Ravan said flatly.
Salvatore nodded slowly. I see. And how much does this son mean to you, as Im sure you love him very much.
You will profit greatly enough, if you are able to have me there in time.
Ravan could not know hed just said a great deal, for Salvatore had been for some time trying to pull enough resources together to build an even faster ship. His father had perhaps been right, for his son did not respect as often as he should the constraints of a conventional merchants life. Consequently his resources were hard won at times, often bartered. Gold was rare, and what little he made went almost entirely into the maintenance of his ship, the Corbeau Rougethe Red Raven.
What is your name, sir? Salvatore wondered next.
Ravan.
To this, the captains mouth fell open for an instant. Ravenis it? He continued to step sideways slowly, circling his unlikely follower. Now that is a sign, I believe.
I beg your pardon?
A sign. You do believe in signs? Just as quickly, Salvatore dismissed the notion. Never mind. Very well, he gestured over his head even though the night was relatively calm. Can we first be out of these elements and into an atmosphere more conducive to, shall we say, negotiations? Im starving. He pointed at Velecent, And your selfish friend has shared none of his spoils.
Velecent shot a glance at the bone which was all that was left of the lamb shank. He tossed it into some brush and wiped his hand on his hip.
A short while later, the three entered a different tavern, this one off the waters edge and more accommodating to quieter conversation of the sort that the men required for negotiation. They made their way to the back of the bar. Sitting at a small, roughhewn table close to the hearth, Salvatore gestured for drinks all around and requested an evenings fare for them as well.
Ravan waited until they were served before he began with, I have been told that your ship is fast.
This prompted a chuckle from the captain as he attacked the porridge before him, following it with a generous draft of the ale. He wiped his lips on his sleeve and grinned boldly, his teeth a brilliant white against his tanned skin. You denigrate the Red Raven with your evaluation of her.
Ravans eyes flashed with surprise. Did you say the ship is called Red Raven?
It is, and fast is an understatement if ever there was one. The vessel is fleet as they come.
Ravan took a moment to collect himself, taking a long drink of his own. Then you can take me and my men to Antalya and be there before a ship which sailed three evenings ago?
Before it? Three days you say? The captain snorted. You expect miracles. He became somewhat more serious. But catch it. Yes. I certainly canfor a price.
Name your price.
Really? And this price, if I name itwill you be able to meet it?
Ravan was becoming annoyed by the mans propensity to skirt the issue. Along with that went the simple fact that, because hed left the realm on such short notice, he was without immediate capital. He lacked disposable funds.
I am leader of the Ravan Dynasty, northwest of here. My resources are considerable. I will have
When you haveI will be most happy to negotiate, Salvatore interrupted him.
You obstruct your efforts, Velecent warned their new acquaintance. His resources are great, enough to make a whole fleet of ships, and then sink them at his whim. This may not have been entirely true, but it was no lie Ravan had capital, just not with him.
Salvatore set his fork down, eyes narrowed. Then explain to me why you are without the wherewithal now?
My son was taken in an attempted overthrow. I gave chase straightaway, tried not to lose the trail. Ravan looked at his feet. It was hard for him to face what he believed to be failure. I did not believe the chase would go on so long. I hadnt the time to pull together my resources before I left.
Pausing, Salvatore appeared to consider Ravans testimony. I see. And it is this ship which has already sailed that holds your dear son.
It is.
And this is important to me because His voice wandered off, and he waved his hand overhead as though he might summon the lost child.
This was nearly more than Ravan would endure, and he began to rise from his chair. Velecent, knowing his master well enough to recognize small gestures, laid his hand on Ravans arm.
Velecent smiled, and said, The child is the heir apparent. Consider himworth a considerable investment.
Ravan wanted nothing more than to kill the man where he sat. He was intensely frustrated by the whole affair, chasing, bargaininghoping. Hed suffered long waits before, in his past, and strongly preferred to confront his enemies straight up. But it was immensely difficult to chase them when they were mere apparitions.
Salvatore, however, was no apparition. This man had the capacity to help but was not easily persuaded, even on the life of a child. Truthfully, why would he? Ravan wondered to himself. Life was cheap, especially that of a child.
He suddenly wished that Nicolette was here. She would know what to say, what to do. He was sorry that hed not brought her along at the start. Velecent carried the conversation for a bit, and it gave Ravan the time to consider that he would give his entire kingdom if he could only have Nicolette and Risen safe at his side.
Just then, even with the doors to the tavern closed, a soft breeze blew across the table, making the candle in the center dance wildly as though it would spring to life. Ravan stared at the happy flame. Then, as though hed manifested a dying wish, the front door of the tavern eased open and a woman, face covered with a scarf, slid silently inside. Ravans back was to the door, and much of his view was blocked by a massive, upright timber, so he did not see the traveler drop the scarf and look solemnly about herself.
Salvatore, however, did have a direct line of sight, and his interest was gotten straightaway. Velecent was in mid-sentence when the captain set his ale down with a thud.
Now there is respite from the storm, gentlemen. If you will give me a moment, I shall return, and we will visit further on this.
Ravan did not turn to see what Salvatore so urgently needed to occupy himself with. Instead, he leaned in to have quiet words with Velecent. Therefore, he did not see the captain stride directly up to Nicolette with a brilliant smile and take her hand, bending deeply before kissing it.

*  *  *

My Lady. Such a welcome apparition after a fortnight upon raging seas. And it has been a treacherous journey for me. I would be honored if you would
Take me to Ravan. Her request was immediate and peculiar, her eyes with an unusual clarity about them.
This brought him up short. Excuse me, Iof course. That is my ship; did I hear you to mean
Ravan, the man. Then just as suddenly she ignored him, instead narrowed her eyes and scanned the patrons within.
Without seeing him hidden behind the timber, she knew immediately that he was there and went straightaway to her husband. Salvatore was left fairly speechless and quite intrigued.

*  *  *

Ravan saw Velecents eyes go wide, felt a soft hand on his shoulder. He spun, and there she was. He found himself face to face with his beautiful Nicolette.
I am here, was all she said.
In an instant he was on his feet and had her in his arms. He pulled her close, held her tightly, and whispered, Hes gone, my love. I was too late, but I will find him; I promise.
She kissed him, murmured how she already knew Risen was gone, how shed only just made it to the port herself. We will go together, bring him and Sylvie back, she stated with finality. Behind her, the one handed maiden and Salvatore stepped closer.
The captain stood beside the table taking in all of Nicolette. Well, well. This had just gotten so much more interesting.
As though shed been part of the conversation all along, Nicolette withdrew from beneath her robes a significant sack of solid gold nobles. There were at least two-hundred, enough to gather the attention of anyone present.
She said to Salvatore, There are more, significantly more, but only if you are successful.
The captain smiled, stroked the point of his dark beard while a bemused twinkle danced in his eyes. Ah, and now the contract becomes much more enticing. He seemed to give it just another moments thought before declaring, Gentlemenand ladies he bowed deeply again to Nicolette, over embellishing, you have yourselves a ship.
Then we sail in the morning? Ravan was overcome to have Nicolette by his side. A renewed vigor flowed into his weary body.
Meet me at the eastern pier within the hour. Salvatore lifted his ale and downed it with one long pull, slamming the mug back down with a heavy thud. We sailtonight.


CHAPTER THIRTY


Risen was aboard an Ottoman naval ship, a Turkish Galliot nearly thirty-four meters long. It was masted but also had twenty rowing banks, each oar manned with six to seven men. The crew aboard this vessel numbered over a hundred men and included sailors, officers, rowers, and troops.
The slaves were kept in the peripheral mid-hold, manacled side by side along the narrow passageways just beneath the deck of the ship. They were pressed so close together that it was nearly impossible for them not to feel the captive next to them, and because the ankle chains were attached to the floor, it was difficult to change positions.
From where Risen was held, he could see the long rowing banksthe rowers with their arms taut as bowstrings, beating out a cadence to match the hammering of a drum. The pounding was awful, like a bad heartbeat, and forbade sleep. The first night, Risens head pounded with a headache that had taken up between his eyes and refused to leave, and he was very thirsty.
There was little else that he could see about the ship, other than the rowers, but at one point the bleating of a goat and the neigh of a horse indicated the cargo was more significant than just slaves. The seas slapped dully against the side of the ship, reminding him that there was a space narrower than his arm that separated him and Sylvie from the watery depths beyond.
The child slaves were not manacled at the wrists as the others were, for they were considered a more negligible risk. If they were foolish enough to attempt escape, the ocean floor would happily receive their stupidity. Risen knew there was simply nowhere for them to go, and the circumstances threatened to capture his young mind as well.
Food was not abundant, but because the Sultan intended that some of these captives would eventually serve in his military, they were not starved as slaves aboard some vessels were. The first time food and water were delivered, it was by a boy not much older than Risen and black as the night. The child, barefoot and dressed in only a simple linen vest and what Risen thought a ridiculous diaper of sorts that twisted about the boys pelvis, paused when he reached the two of them. It was an unusual moment, almost awkward as the boy glanced furtively about as though he intended to do something he should not.
The boy extended one thin hand toward them. Risen thought his long, narrow fingers were as smooth as the black velvet on his mothers gowns as the boy reached across him to hazard a touch of the flaxen tendrils of Sylvies nearly waist length hair. The boy hesitated as though not certain Risen would allow it.
Leave her Risen began, but Sylvie lifted a hand in such a way as to silence him.
Its all right, she said, and with her pale green eyes sparkling clear as a starlit sky, she took the dark-skinned childs hand in her own and lay across it a thick lock of her own hair.
The boy had an expression of incredulity on his face as he fingered the strands sliding like silk across the palm of his hand. In a flash, the boy produced from somewhere a knife and held the unusual sickle shaped blade up in front of his own enormous, white eyes.
No! Risen called out and reached for the blade, but Sylvie silenced him again.
Risen watched in amazement as the boy made no further effort to use the knife but laid it simply across both of his palms, offering it to the girl.
Sylvie then did something very unusual. With a smile spreading splendidly across her beautiful features, she accepted the knife and, with a single twist of her hand, swept it across a good portion of her hair, severing a section nearly half a meter in length. She held the hair and blade out to the boy. The knife was received kindly, but the hair was taken as though it was a great jewel given from the Sultan himself. The boy dropped to both knees and bowed so deeply his forehead nearly touched the deck.
The boy rose, stared at the golden lock of hair, and said something to Sylvie in an unfamiliar language. Then, dropping a small linen sack and a skin flask into Risens lap, the child was abruptly gone. Within the sack were dried figs and apricots. In the flask was water. It was as though shed performed a miracle, compassion begat of kindness.
Sylvie, I Risen was speechless.
Then, with not forewarningshe kissed him.
He closed his eyes, at first simply astonished. Then he let the kiss steal him away, allowed her lips to draw from him all the pain the world could offer. Wretched as their ordeal was, awful as mankind could be, nothing was more flawless to him than this moment.
Hed long dreamed of this kiss, had prayed that he might one day know her lips upon his. Never had he imagined, in all his fantasies, that it would be like this. Shackled in the hold of a slave ship, bound for a hostile land, vanquished from all mercy, it wasthe most beautiful moment of his life.
Sylvie smiled softly, her face a dream to him. Then she rested her head on Risens shoulder, and closed her eyesand his heart broke perfectly.

*  *  *

With nothing else to do, most of the time they tried to sleep. This was for the best because the hold was by then stifling. The slave compartment had excrement canisters within reach that were emptied daily, but the captives did not necessarily always have the strength to make use of them.
Risen was grateful that his spot allowed him at least one shoulder against a rib of the immense vessel. Against him leaned Sylvie. The roiling of the ship on high seas was disagreeable, but Risen did not retch like some of the prisoners did. Several were unable to even sustain water, and they were shortly unchained and dragged above; he chose not to imagine to what end. Even with the extra food and water that the dark skinned boy brought, the trip was harrowing and long. By the end, there would be eight total amongst this slave lot who would not survive.
No one told the prisoners how long the passage would be, but another slave whispered that it could be as long as two weeks. Risen marked the days on a sodden timber above his head with his fingernail.
It was three marks later when Sylvie slumped heavily against him, and he held her as though he would never let her go. It was five marks later when she became ashen and unwell, consumed with a terrible fever. Every so often Risen would awaken her, brush his lips against her cheek as he offered encouragement and slipped sips of water to her from the small flask he hid.
But Sylvie was increasingly listless this long night. He could not be certain, but he believed for the first time that she might die. Consumed with helplessness, there was little more that he could do when suddenlythe Englishman came for the girl.
No! You cant take her, Risen pulled her closer to him. If she dies, it will be in my arms.
I will have her, or she will die. William went to unlock the manacle on her ankle and gestured with one hand, indicating Risen should help her rise so that he might receive Sylvie into his arms.
What will you do?
I am doubly quartered, but my bed is my own and curtained from the rest. I will put her there and, if she can, she will gather strength. Then she will work the galleyserve the officers if she recovers well enough. If she cannot, she will die in a warm bed with every comfort I can provide her. His face was grim.
Why? Risen asked straight up. Why would you do this?
Because it is her best chance to
No. Why do you care? Risen was suspicious, not yet ready to accept that this man might possess the goodness Sylvie believed he did. He smoothed the pale hair of the sleeping girl from her damp brow, and she murmured something unintelligible. She thinks you are a good man, you know. You took us from our homes, and she still thinks that. Risen pulled the delirious girl closer.
William sighed and gave the boy prisoner more consideration than he was obligated to, given their situation. It was a turning point for them both.
I have regret. He breathed deeply and rubbed the heel of his hand into his eye. Before, it was something elsean escape, I suppose. I do not rue that Ive been an instrument of war, butI regret that I am a part of this. He gestured to the unconscious girl. This should not have happened to you, should not have happened to her.
Then you will help us?
The Englishman nodded slowly, sincerely. I will; at what cost I dont know. But, yes, I will.
Why now? Risen pressed him. And why not before, before we reached the port and set sail?
William seemed particularly uncomfortable under the questioning. He looked away, gazing down the long row of mostly sleeping captors. Risen, I am not a good man
It was the first time Risen had heard the soldier call him by name.
but I am now inspired to do a good thing. Williams starkly pale eyes focused on Risen first, then on Sylvie. She did this. She made me begin to feel again. So, I am ready to be done with this. He did not give Risen long to process the gravity of what he said. Now help her to me before she suffers the worst. He motioned again, reaching for the girl.
Risen helped the weakened love of his heart into the soldiers arms. Wrapping a blanket about her, the man slung her gently against one shoulder as though he carried an infant.
Youve done the right thing. He nodded at the boy. From the first, youve done the right thing. And with that, he disappeared down the rows of enslaved men.
Risen felt, for the first time in his life, as though he was truly alone. He choked back tears for he wanted only to be with Sylvie, and did not know if he would ever see her again. His dreams for the two of them had been beautiful, vaporous and perfect, of a time when they might ride his fathers fine horses over the splendid countryside together, when their love might be known by all.
These dreams had been wrapped in the warmth of a few never ending summers and the magic of a young boys heart, a boy in love. Theyd been the dreams of youth and denied heartache or uncertainty, but uncertainty was all that Risen believed he had left. He had no choice but to release Sylvie to a man hed not so long ago hatedbefore she had convinced him not to.
He meant to save her, to help her survive all of this, from the very beginning. He was responsible for her plight and lamented that he must trust anotherone he did not know, one of their original captors. Questioning himself, he wondered what might have happened if hed not left the castle when the raid happened, not gone to her homestead in the early morning light.
No! He refused to consider what he knew the outcome of that would have been. Sylvie was alive today, and bad as their situation was, he was not prepared to entertain the alternative. Even so, seeing her disappear with William, her limp arm dangling, was more than Risen could endure. He curled up, head buried in his crossed arms, and fell apart for the first time since theyd been taken. Despair threatened, and in this dark hour he discovered his mind chose again to sweep to a time with his father, another time, camped together in their beloved woods

*  *  *

Tell me about when you were ten, like I am now. Risen poked at the fire, enjoying the pattern of sparks against the velvet, black beyond.
He recognized that fire, with its enduring light, only darkened the perception of everything else around it. Ravan had explained it as light distortion, how sometimes one must step into the darkness to really see. He was speaking literally about the firelight, but Risen sensed there had been something metaphoric about what his father was trying to say.
Itd been a good day. Risen had successfully tracked his own way back from a blindfolded trek into the deep forest, back to their encampment. And, hed taken not one but two rabbits on the way.
Pride had shown openly on his fathers face. The rabbits crackled as they roasted over the open flame. Hunger that knew impending satisfaction made the boy particularly happy and animated, and so he threw questions out with careless abandon. What he asked obviously surprised his father, for he received the raised eyebrow in response.
What was it like when I was your age? his father repeated the question. Ravan repositioned one rabbit less over the flame without yet answering. Just when Risen thought he would not have his answer, his father shared, I lived at an orphanage. It was where I first learned the things I am teaching you now.
About hunting? Tracking and surviving?
Ravan kicked back nearer to his son and, as he so often appeared to do, gave the question generous thought. Hunting, trackingbuilding fireto do these things can save your life. I believe I was learning something more, however.
You mean about life?
Yes, about life.
Shifting onto his elbow so that he might face his son entirely, Ravan added, To survive is something the human heart is compelled to do. But, to survive for another is something else entirely.
Together, they watched the sparks coil, shoot into the darkness, and disappear overhead.
I was compelled to help, Ravan said.
Who, Father? Who were you so worried for?
The othersthe orphans. He paused. They were vulnerable. Life had given them disadvantage. By learning those thingshunting, survivingI was helping them more than myself. He was very serious now. But I was also helping myself more than them because of it.
Did they live?
Mmmmost of them.
But not all of them. Risen was persistent, naturally curious of the fragile fates of the unwanted children.
No. Not all of them, and to lose oneto be powerless of their wellbeingis the greatest cruelty of all. It was the first and one of the few times that I felt truly helpless, when someone else I loved was at risk. It will be then that you will suffer moments that the endurance of your character will be tested more than ever.
Me? But I have a wonderful life! There is nothing I fear.
Yes, Risen, but all men, if they live long enough, with have their courage tested in some fashion or another.
What if Im not strong enough? What if I fail?
Ravan smiled. Not all tests are of might. Some strike you in places you cannot protect. When this happens, the strength I speak of comes from here, from within. Reaching to tap his son on the chest, he explained further, And it is already there. A man may be only ten years old, but he can possess the strength of spirit beyond that of kings.
Risen frowned, not nearly as certain as his father that such a thing was possible. And how will I know if I can endure? When the time comes, I mean?
His fathers eyes seemed to go somewhere else now, somewhere back into the experiences of his own life. He said simply, You will know. It will hurt, but you will know.

*  *  *

Risens sobs quieted, and his breathing slowed. A soft determination replaced fear, and he allowed the slow pitch of the ship to lure him into a diaphanous sleep. He dreamed of the foal, the one that his father had given to him, how many days ago? It had been a joyous day, his first horse, his to do with as he pleased, and it was a beauty.
In his dream, he was giving it to Sylvie, giving her the coal black foal. The colt was grown. Risen was seventeen, Sylvie eighteen. Her face was beautiful and beaming as he led the stunning creature into the paddock. It pranced in place, glistening in its newly shed coat. Then, it spied her.
As though the horse knew it was meant for Sylvie and she for it, the stallion stretched its elegant neck so that it was stunning in its approach. Reaching for her, its nose quivering with anticipation, the young stallion touched Sylvies outstretched hand with the velvet tip of its muzzle, breathing hot air into her palm.
Sylvie was overcome with joy, the gift her love had given her, and she turned, kissed Risen deeply, completely. Yes, my love. Yes, I will be your bride.


CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE


The ship was nearly ready to set sail, and the night was cool and bright beyond the pier. The moon was hanging low, dancing off the water in silvery bands. Clouds were scarce; a few forlorn puffs lingered in the distance. Ravan was glad to have the rains behind him for now. Itd been a long, sodden trip to the coast, a journey of desperationthe worst ever, he thoughteven worse than the caged one when he was taken as a fourteen year old boy from the Inn.
Glancing up, he spied the silhouette of his beautiful Nicolette, framed by the moon, standing motionless as a bedded fawn. The soft, midnight breeze lifted her hair just so, the only indication that she was not a statuea beacon of the night come to take watch for those who might brave the depths beyond.
Ravan was overcome. His fear, dread, anger, all of it threatened to explode from his chest. His son was gone, and he swallowed his anguish, allowing himself this moment of weakness, to have Nicolette be the stronger of the two of them. As was his way, he walked nearly noiselessly down the long pier. It was part of who he was, something hed learned a long time ago as a child of the woods. Even so, as he approached Nicolette, she reached one handreached for himnot even looking back. She simply knew that he was there.
Taking her hand in his, he spun her about and wrapped his arms around her, holding her as near as physically possible, as though he could draw her into himself and pull from her strength. He held her like a lifeline, like sanctuary, like an answered prayer.
Nicolette
I am here, my love.
Nicolette returned the embrace and, in doing so, she took from him a great deal of the pain that burdened him tonight. She readily absorbed it, and he felt as though a weight had been lifted, one he had carried for a very long time.
No more words; he kissed her, the simple embrace locking the pair against the backdrop of the midnight moon. It was not a kiss of passion or even of need. It was a kiss of two who were one, of a love that precluded the pain of a lost child. It was the sweetest and most wretched embrace a couple could ever make.

*  *  *

From the bow of the ship, Salvatore leaned against the foremast. He pulled another draught of ale and studied the couple on the pier, his eyes sharp as an ocean hawks.
Samuel approached his elbow and nodded at the pair below. I cant get a feel for those two.
They are unusual to say the least. Salvatore slapped the flask against the chest of his first mate and gestured toward his passengers with a sweep of his hand. But, I like themvery much. He could scarcely take his eyes from Ravan and Nicolette. I cant say I am not jealous of him, with his fitting name and beautiful bride. Drawing his hand down his short beard, he added, And there is something special about herisnt there? Shrugging, he drew his stare from them. Im not accustomed to passing over one I set my eyes on. Yes, she is beauty of another sort.
His mate nodded his agreement.
Salvatore gazed down the sleek body of his ship, the Red Raven. But this lady stirs in me something a mortal never can. A wide smile broke, his teeth flashing in the darkness, and his eyes sparkled as though in anticipation of a great adventure. I have a feeling, Samuel. I believe this will be an exceptional sail, my friendone for the heart. Who knows what might happen, eh?
Salvatore watched as, on the dock, Velecent approached Ravan, followed by his troop of menseven of them. These soldiers had been with the mercenary since hed left Sylvies farm, had endured the entire chase with him, and would follow him to hell if it was their masters wish. These were the kind of men who attached themselves to Ravan for a lifetimeor until their life was done.
Salvatore regarded the band of men and murmured to himself, Yes, who knows what might happen?

*  *  *

Ravan, his men, Nicolette, and Moira boarded the ship under a perfectly clear sky. There was something about it that called to Ravan, compelled him to believe what he heard was true, that she was an exceptional craft. He did not know that her captain had orchestrated the building of the Red Raven from her very birth.
She was Salvatores dream. Hed built several smaller vesselsdinghies reallyas a child, for his father was a great shipbuilder, boasting some of the fleetest boats ever made. Young Salvatore had bobbed his small, self-made vessels in an out of the surf on Spains southern shores. Like his father, the ocean was in his blood, salt water coursing through his veins. His father had joked that it was what leant longevity to their clan.
Before he was ten years old, Salvatore had committed his heart and soul to the sea and fell in particular love with the waters of the Mediterranean, strongly preferring her tides to that of the North Atlantic with its fierce gales and unpredictable temper.
As years went by, he inevitably invested everything he had to build his next ship. Each was better than the last, and the Red Raven was his most splendid so far. He was so proud of her, and would go on and on to Samuel about the benefits of a long shoal draft keel, stronger, lighter woods that tolerated the salt of the sea better, and greater sail size.
Consequently, the Red Raven was unequaled in her class and built off the profits of not always scrupulous activity. But Salvatore could not help himself. His was a life in bed with the sea, and she was a demanding mistress. Always, he dreamed of his next ship. And he nearly had the resources to build it, almost. He believed his new passengers would provide just those resources.
Ravan approached the captain. Leaning one arm lazily on the wheel, the Spaniard appeared a fixture of the helm.
Salvatore grinned. Hail, friend. I have to make one more trip ashore. Would you and perhaps a few of your clan care to join me?
Why? Ravan wondered.
A last bit of business. I owe the harbor mooring fees. Nothing really. Only I cannot leave until they are paid.
Ravan eyed him suspiciously. You still owe fees?
Ah, I see the look in your eye. Youre wondering why, if she is so fast, Salvatore indicated the ship, I do not make haste, for none could possibly catch me, right?
I am wondering why your debt is not already paid, Ravan wondered flatly. It was a mystery to him how the Spaniard could have such a magnificent ship and yet not be square on his debts.
A bemused expression swept across the captains face. Ah, oh, that. He stepped from the helm and approached the gangway. Not one of my strengths, really. And with you and your hasty demands, Ive simply not had the time. 
Salvatores expression was one of bemusement. And Im landlocked because of it. But now, with your pressing mission and the funds to back it, we are, he smiled broadly, as golden as your coin. The captain waved a hand to his mate, and Samuel trotted barefoot to his Salvatores side.
Ah, Samuel! Were going to pay our dues, and this one, Salvatore indicated the mercenary, is going to accompany us.
This brought an appreciative expression to Samuel as well. He replied, Good, and nodded at his captain. He doesnt always make the best first or last impression, but hes generally good in the middle.
Salvatore seemed disingenuously offended.
I will wait here for your return, Ravan said.
With that, the captain turned his head to one side. Your choice, but I cannot guarantee my return. Provided you will be satisfied if we leave tomorrow, however. That will suit you well enough, wont it?
This ruse sat poorly with Ravan. He was ill at ease regarding the mission ashore, but he appeared to have no other choice but to accompany the captain and be done with the task. And the sooner the better, he thought.
Lets be done with it, Ravan growled.

*  *  *

Moments later, Ravan bent and kissed Nicolette on the lips. She was lying on the bed in their small quarters. I will be back soon, my love. We sail tonight. He glanced back at her as he left, Rest if you can. Our journey is not nearly over.
We will find him, was all she said.
It lifted his heart to hear these words, for he believed it was not blind determination that forced these words from her lips. If Nicolette did not believe thisknow this from the core of her beingshe would simply not have said it. He kissed her again, this time struggling to pull himself away from her.
Stepping onto the main deck, Ravan was met by Velecent. Im going with you.
Ravan didnt say it, but what he thought was that this was good. Until the captain was vetted, his character was still in serious question. The two men walked down the gangway and met Salvatore and Samuel on the dock.
Only two of you? The captain peered beyond the two warriors as though he expected to see a horde following.
The two of us should be enough, Ravans mood was blackening by the minute.
Mmm. Well see about that, Salvatore muttered beneath his breath the group of four made their way ashore.
The dock masters shack was shut down and dark. They had no choice but to go mainland to find him or whoever was in charge of taking the fees for the Red Ravens past moorages.
This way, Salvatore gestured dramatically. I know where he can be found.
Winding through the town, farther inland and up a small incline, they came upon an establishment marked with a single carved nail on the placard over the door.
The Rusty Nail, Salvatore said warmly. It is the establishment for those who prefer to be locked by the land. When he was met with looks of confusion by both Ravan and Velecent, the captain explained in more detail. This is where men of business convenemen who come to Toulon for gain but have no desire to step beyond. He indicated the sea, shining brightly above the rooftops that lay below and behind them. And please, allow me to negotiate our debt. He smiled wryly. But I do appreciate you standing by. Salvatore glanced at the sword that Ravan was now determined to wear, no matter what door they stepped across.
Into the tavern they went. It was dark, more so even than the moonlit night outside. Few candles lit the tables, and a fire waned on the hearth in the corner of the tight room. This, however, seemed not to deter the patrons, for there was a significant crowd gathered. Scattered amongst them were a few sailors, but Salvatore had been correct. Most of these men made their living elsewhere of the sea.
Ravan blinked, allowing his eyes to adjust to the darkness within. Not nearly as raucous a crowd as the tavern where hed met Salvatore, he was much better able to size it up. The largest group of men, seven of them, gathered in the near center of the room. With fish already devoured and evidently well beyond their first round of ale, they were a jovial lot, toasting and celebrating their obvious good fortunes. The mercenary took in the details of their group without even consciously thinking about it.
Turning his back to them, Ravan was standing as a representation of strength behind Salvatore, who was by then negotiating his fees in a subdued voice with the man behind the bar. The conversation wasnt necessarily heated, but Ravan could hear that there was an edge of dispute.
He overhead Salvatore say to the man, I have the currency right here. The captain glanced at his waist, to the small pouch secured there. He then nodded over his shoulder at the crowd of patrons behind him. Let us get some privacy, and we will settle our charges.
The man whom Salvatore bartered with was unconvinced but eventually indicated that Salvatore could join him behind the end of the massive slab of wood that was the bar. Concealed on the small, dropped table behind, the captain appeared content to share his good fortune and make good his account. The two men were entrenched in their quiet dealings when Ravan heard a name, spoken from the group of seven behind him.
Yeorathe
A sweeping chill settled across the mercenarys shoulders in a terrible yet familiar way. Everything else diminished to nothing as he heard only the conversation of the band of men. He stood motionless as could be and listened. Ravan heard them speak of the profits that would soon be theirs, of how angry Yeorathe had been that the Englishman had thwarted his intentions with a girl. He heard talk of someone named William insisting he accompany Yeorathe, to make certain their shares were brought safely back.
It was enough.
Turning slowly, Ravans vision became all at once much clearer. In an instant, he appraised each of the seven men, observing size, weapon, the set of their expressions. And it was brighter now with a lovely red that swept across his sight, lighting the room in a beautiful, bloody tone. This was familiar. This was good.
You invade our privacy? Wish to hear our conversation? one of the men snorted at the dark mercenary. Go back to your own evening, back to your own sorry life.

*  *  *

Yeorathe, was all Ravan said.
There was something in the air, nowsomething very somber, and the other patrons quieted as though they sensed it too. Odgars eyes narrowed, and the other six sobered significantly.
I know not that name, Odgar lied.
You said it, just then. I heard you, and I have business with him. Ravans voice deepened.
Iwan blurted, Well it is too late. He is gone, taken his cargo and sailed.
Ahh, his cargo, that is my interest. Ravan basked in the red, set his feet just so, dropped both hands close to his blades. Id hoped to acquire some of the slaves. It was Ravans turn to liesomewhat. He played the ruse superbly. The younger ones, for they are my he lifted one hand lightly, my inclination.
With that, the group relaxed a bit, and one laughed. Well your fancy would have been well served for there were several boys and a girlcrippled, but a beauty.
It was all Ravan needed to hear. By now, Velecent was turned, had obviously heard the end of the peculiar conversation. Velecent was fully aware that his friend had stumbled upon the group of men whod contributed to the theft of the children, and he was right behind as Ravan unleashed a fury that few had ever known.
Such rage sprang from him. Blindingly, he unsheathed his sword in one sweep and with his other hand secured his knife. Two fisted and with a weapon in each one,he attacked the seven men. Ravans first swipe with his sword severed Iwans head while, with his other hand, he drew his short blade up and over to cut the throat of the man seated next to him. His sword, however, lodged into the shoulder joint of the beheaded man for, in his wrath, his accuracy suffered.
Velecent let go a roar as he leapt forward, kicking the table into the surviving men.
Just as Ravan momentarily struggled to pull the blade from the dead mans shoulder, Salvatore came up and over the bar. Sliding on his hip, the Spaniard slid dramatically down a length of it before leaping off and to his feet.
It was a fairly spectacular demonstration and enough to briefly gain Ravans attention. It was that precise moment that bolstered Ravans confidence that hed found the perfect captain to chase after Risen.
Velecent was by then with Samuel, both of them managing three of the five remaining men. Two were on Velecent, one had him by the hair, and he was significantly busied fighting them bare-knuckled.
Salvatore pulled from his waist a dagger and let it fly. It stuck brutally into the throat of one of the men leaving Velecent wide eyed with appreciation as he now faced only one attacker.
The remaining two enemies were retreating before the insane barbarian whod unleashed terror upon them. Ravan captured one in mere seconds as Salvatore took the other.
The dark mercenary pinned his manthe largest of the bunchto the floor. He pressed his blade against the mans throat as Odgar asked hoarsely, It is you, is it not? He coughed, The boys father, the one who defeated Tor?
I am Ravan, father of the boy, Risen, he snarled.
There seemed to be a knowing expression that crossed the face of the doomed man, one that only comes to someone who stares death in the eye. Even so, Odgar had nerve as he spat back. Kill me if you wish, but you are undone. The boy is soldgone. Hi ill fate is cast, and you cannot bring him back.
That is something you will never know, Ravan replied and allowed the man one final breath before taking the next with his blade. He drew the knife slowly and with precision, all the while watching as Odgar embraced his final regret. Then, brutally and magnificently, it was done.
The group of seven were reduced to a dead and dying heap on the tavern floor. Salvatore righted himself, breathing heavily, and retrieved his dagger from the throat of a dead man.
You do make an entrance, dont you? he said to Ravan as he stepped over a body, then looked over his shoulder at the man behind the bar. My apologies. Its good we settled up before all of this. He indicated with outstretched armsas though he were the lead in a performancethe mayhem that lay strewn on the establishment floor.
Slapping Samuel on the shoulder, the captain strode past and called back to Ravan, Time to shove off! The sails wont lift themselves!
Out of the bar the four strode, given once more to the chase of a boy.

*  *  *

The ship swept from the harbor as though it knew the desperate task they were undertaking. Sleek and swift, her pristine sails were in sharp contrast to the reddish-black, oiled teak wood of her body. Her captain had spent nearly eight years gathering and shipping the wood from India, and she was the first vessel to boast such a frame. Salvatore could not know it, but his ship would be the precursor to all of the caravel designs of boats that would be of the Renaissance. For now, it was simply the best there was of her size. But, of course, Salvatore dreamed of more. Tonight, all that mattered was that the Red Raven would chase the slave galliot like no other vessel in the world.
It was late, and most of the crew, a few of Ravans men, and Moira had settled in for a long nights sail. Those of the crew who were not on watch slept in their hammocks. The soldiers would eventually adapt to these well enough, lulled to sleep easily after the grueling trek across half of France.
Moira had the mates small room, while Ravan and Nicolette were offered the aft guest quarters. Tonight, however, Risens parents would sleep very little.
As the flickering lamplights of Toulon diminished, the swell of the sea breathed beneath them, and a trail of moonlight on the waves marked almost the exact path on which they sailed. Standing on the bow, Nicolette looked as though a siren had leapt from the sea to peruse her vast, watery home.
Even Salvatore, his hands manipulating the ships wheel instinctively, could not take his eyes from her with her dark hair streaming behind her, an ocean witch to be sure. If he could have seen her eyes, he wouldve seen her cold determination to have her son back. She would slice through those who would stop her as easily as the ship sliced through the waves.
Ravan stepped up behind and wrapped his arms around her. How can we know we are going the right direction?
He was enraptured by this ship, this great horse galloping over its ocean pasture. Had fate steered him another direction, he would likely have made a fine sailor, a captain perhapsthis he thought to himself. The deck rolled beneath his feet, and he rode it as easily as though hed sailed his whole life. But, it was not enough to distract him from the dread that consumed his heart.
It is the right direction. Nicolette turned her head, resting her cheek against his chest and laid her hand upon his arm. I will tell them if it is not.
From his being, Ravan knew this to be true. Its cold and damp up here with the night air and the spray. Come to bed. Let me warm you, and well face the morning together.
But they did not go to bed for some time. Instead, they looked to the East, to where their son had been taken. Somewhere in front of them was Risen and Sylvie.

*  *  *

The wind was in their face at first, forcing them to tack the boat, which had been a very curious process to Ravan. However, the wind shifted when the stolen boys mother took to the foremost bow of the ship.
Salvatore remained on deck for some time, partly because it was where he preferred to be, partly because it was a superb night for a sail, and largely because Nicolette was there. He could not take his eyes from her. He squinted, not certain, but it looked as though on her shoulder sat a mangy little sparrow.
Now, with the wind off her port flank, the Red Raven skimmed through the water like a hungry wolf on the chase. The sails were magnificently full, and they were off to a very fast start. Some time later, when the watch was established and the night sky had gone nearly clear, the captain went below. Some of the crew were still up, and there was an overall sense of merriment and revelry, for they were sailing, and their cargo was light and paying handsomely.
There were a cluster of sailors and most of Ravans men gathered aft hull around several secure tables. The conversation was two-directional, questions emerging from the curiosity of one to another. Ravans men wished to know about the land they were sailing to, of what a warrior from the east looked like and the weapons they carried; Salvatores men wished to know more of their leader, his bride, and the dynasty.
There is none I trust more, Velecent answered a question about Ravan.
He was enjoying the camaraderie and the ale, as were the other men, for there was nothing more to do at the moment but sail. The boat pitched very little now, rolling gently as though rocking a baby to sleep.
And what of his bride? She is a strange one, a deckhand wondered aloud.
Salvatore stepped from above just then, and with him respect could be sensed from all his men. She is a hard one to read, he concurred, having overheard and only too happy to leap into the conversation. Like a winter squall, perhaps. Her husband, howeverhe, I feel, could be a rogue wave if you press him just right.
Velecent nodded. He has been pressed already, and I would not want to be the men in his path. He sipped from his ale. It will be very bad for them.
Hell have vengeance, then? Salvatore poured himself a draft and sat with his men.
Shaking his head, Velecent said, Not vengeancehe will destroy them. They will scarcely have time to consider their fate if he finds them.
Im glad to be his ally then. We wouldnt want to see this side of him, would we? Salvatore raised his glass in a half toast and drank deeply.
Behind them, Ravans boots appeared on the deck steps as he came below. All conversation ceased as the mercenary descended the stairs. His presence seemed to fill the room, and Velecent and Ravans men rose, a gesture of respect.
Pausing at the bottom of the stairs, Ravan considered all present in a very calculated way, his eyes lingering on each man in turn. Gradually, a wave of complete quiet swept over the group. Someone coughed.
Ravan spoke to all of them. Thank you, for taking me to Antalya.
Salvatore broke the somber moment as he swept a still half inebriated hand across his crew and toward Ravan. There is my friend! Willing to step into a fight and have my back, he was!
Ravan regarded the captain curiously. I recognized your name in the crowd, had need of your ship.
Oh, come now. He indicated the companionship and ale. We are kindred spirits, destined for an adventure together!
Perhaps at another time. Tonight, however, I can think only of my son.
With a polite tilt of his head, Salvatore conceded. Yes, then. Let us find this boy first. Then maybe an adventure, and, he looked about as though he would see Nicolette in a hidden space, where is that lovely bride of yours?
This appeared to almost amuse Ravan, and as if on cue, Nicolettes gowns showed on the steps behind Ravan. He extended a hand to assist her as she descended the stairs.
Speaking to the shipmen, Ravan introduced her. My wife, Nicolette.
Most of the crew had not had the opportunity to experience the presence of Nicolette first hand, and so this was a curious moment. She did almost just as her husband had done, pausing to give each present a thorough evaluation. The electricity in the air seemed to rise, and for most present, was very pleasant.
There she is! Salvatore exclaimed and rose to bow deeply, sweeping his arm again to nothing, really.
Ravans expression darkened somewhat, but he said nothing.
My husband has already expressed appreciation for your efforts. You must know that my sentiment is the same. She spoke softly to all present.
Salvatore seized the opportunity to reply for all of them. We are paid dearly, my lady, and eternally at your service because of it. But, much more endearing than your gold is your lovely presence.
Nicolette said no more only turned and disappeared as she slipped down the short hall to her room.
Join us? Salvatore offered to Ravan. Perhaps discuss our strategy?
Keep the ship on a straight line. It is late, and there will be time enough to discuss strategy as we sail. Ravan began to take his leave.
I would chase her too, given the choice of company, Salvatore added hastily. Please dont rock my boat unnecessarily.
There were nearly audible gasps from Ravans men as their leader froze and glanced over his shoulder. He almost leisurely faced Salvatore, and the captain saw an expression yet unfamiliar to him.
The smile faded from the Spaniards lips. Oh, come now. You cannot be so grave as to not rejoice in a reunion with your bride. If you have reservations, allow me.
What occurred next was a flash of steel and fury as Ravan crossed the short expanse and drew his blade to Salvatores face. It might have even cut him, but the captain instantly drew two knives of his own, wickedly hooked and crossed, holding Ravans blade barely at bay.
Ravans voice was a throaty hiss, his face only inches away as he leaned heavily on the Spaniard. Had he intended to kill him, it is likely he would have. His obvious intention had been just that, to make his intentions obvious.
Speak of Nicolette in such a way, think of her in such a way, and I will gut you. Know this before we go any farther, that it is my son for which I agonize, and all that we doall that I dowill be with respect and with Risens best interests at heart.
The Spaniard appeared suddenly almost entirely sober, and he lowered his voice as he spoke to Ravan alone. I needed to know, Salvatores expression was nearly as dire, his blades crossed right before his nose, that your quest was of the most serious in nature.
This, and perhaps the look on the captains face, gave Ravan pause. He eased up the smallest bit.
Salvatore added, We go to a land not fit for the likes of us, my friend. Ask me to place my men and ship in such a state of affairs, and I must know that you do it with all sincerity.
I will lay my life down for my son.
And for my men? Would you do the same for them?
Scanning the faces of the men as before, Ravan saw something very different about them this time. Theirs were expressions of serious loyalty. These men evidently knew the gravity of the task ahead of them and, like Ravans men, were willing to follow a leader such as theirs into the worst of it.
Stepping away from his intent, Ravan re-sheathed his sword. He stared at the Spaniard, a new respect showing in his demeanor. I will.
Salvatore relaxed, his features easily animated with his dark skin and broad smile. But his eyes danced with an intelligent seriousness as he replied, Goodfor these men are my brothers and every bit as dear as kin to me.
Saying nothing, the mercenary only regarded the captain with a nod.
We are alike, then, and one with this quest? Salvatore extended his hand.
This was a good moment, a bringing together of the troops of men as one with a united mission. Ravan took the hand of his employ, and they shook heartily.
Salvatore pulled him close and whispered into his ear. Very well. I will follow you into hell, then. ButI still begrudge you whom you lay next to tonight. I cannot lie.
Ravan considered this strange captain and finally acknowledged him. I have been in your position once. I would have killed the man to have her.
The captains eyes flew open at this. But you did not?
I didnt have the chanceshe did.


CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO


The dark-skinned boy came frequently enough, sneaking extra water and food to the degree that Risen would not suffer too greatly. It surprised him how, even with Sylvie gone, the boys loyalty remained, and it gave him a degree of hope. He believed the unusual child would find and minister to Sylvie as well and thought William had something to do with it.
Even with the extra care, Risens spirit fell and his appetite waned. His weight slipped to the point that his fingers rested within the creases of his ribs when he hugged himself in his sleep. He became obsessed, searching for Sylvie almost all of his waking hours, his eyes locked on the entries to the holds. But he never once saw her moving amongst the confines of the vessel.
Please, Risen asked the boy, is she all right? Have you seen her? He indicated his own long locks as though meaning Sylvies, hoping the boy would remember the day Sylvie had given him her hair.
The boy babbled in a tongue that Risen could make nothing of, indicating first the bow and then the stern of the ship. He seemed satisfied with whatever information he was passing on and moved beyond Risen with no more to be said.
William, also mysteriously absent until seven days later, according to the scratches on the massive rib of the ship, appeared quite suddenly in front of Risens face one night, startling him awake.
He shot upright and exclaimed too loudly, Where is she? Is she all right?
William motioned for Risen to lower his voice. She lives. She is safe.
This information alone was nearly enough to drop the boy where he sat, and he struggled to keep his tears from betraying his weakness. She lives? Oh, is she well? Can I see her?
She is up yesterday, only just then strong enough. William knelt by Risen. I believed she would not survive, but there is a strange tea aboard that appears to fortify. This was all she took for several days. But the tea and a yellow rice sustained her and, I believe, her memory of you.
Me? She asks for me?
When the fever held her, she did. Now she says next to nothing at all. The girl loves you. Of that I have no doubt.
Where is she? I want to see her. Please, can you bring me to her?
William shook his head. She serves the officers now.
This set Risen immediately back. They will harm her! I know they would!
No, they cannot. She is a slave nowbelongs to the Sultanand she will be his to do with as he pleases. But until then, they are quite enamored with your fair Sylvie.
Can you bring her to me? Let me see her?
I cannot. She is forbidden to leave the galley or servant quarters. But I keep close watch on her, Risen. I will not allow her to come to harm.
Risen was elated that she lived but yearned to see her, even if just a glimpse. Pleaseto the deck door. Bring her just to the door so that I might see her face, just for a moment.
William seemed uncertain but nodded he would. In the dark of the night, I will. But only long enough so that you see that she lives.
Risen nodded his gratitude and swallowed his worry. Before he could say anything more, he felt William press something into his hands. Looking down, he saw his knife, the one that he lost in the scuffle at the livery. His eyes widened with surprise. But
Hide this, wherever it was the first time you hid ityour boot, I imagine. I know the crest of this blade. I know without a doubt you are who you say you are.
This surprised Risen, and again he acknowledged in a proud whisper from where hed come. I am Ravans son, from the dynasty of the same name.
William bobbed his head slowly. Yes, Risen. Your father is a dreadful foe, one Yeorathe and Tor should never have taken on.
Hes met my father before, hasnt he? Before the strike.
Yes, when you were barely born. And should Yeorathe have his way with you, he would kill you on the mark. But you are valuable to him alive.
I dont understand? Risen was confused.
You are noble and carry yourself like a warrior, young as you are. Your skillsthey are already obvious. The Sultan will believe you have a destiny, and Yeorathe knows this will fetch a great price. Then William indicated the knife again. It is yours; Im assuming your father had something to do with the fashioning of it. When the time comes, a warrior needs his blade. But careful you do not create that moment in haste. It must be just the right time. He slapped Risen gently on the knee. You will know when it is at hand, and it will not be aboard this ship. You would wind up skewered for sure and cast for the creatures of the deep to feed upon if you begin something.
Risen hid the blade, indicating that he understood. My father has taught me patience is an essential strategy when at war. Then he asked, So you still wish to help us?
William regarded the boy with a sad sincerity. Surely you understand that we are outnumbered and undone. It will be a valiant effort, but weand your lovely Sylviewill likely not escape from this with our lives. I cannot lie to you.
My father rose above worse than this. I will as well. His eyes flashed with pride.
An expression of sincerity crossed Williams face, and he spoke no more of their fate. I will bring Sylvie to the door, Risen, son of Ravan, so that you might look upon the one you love.
These words warmed Risens heart, and he added swiftly, Oh, please, and can you give her a message for me?
I can.
Tell her-tell her Risen struggled.
I should tell her that you love her? William offered gently.
Tell her that Im not sorry we ran.
This appeared to surprise the soldier somewhat. He agreed to pass on the message and disappeared down the row of condemned men. Risen repositioned himself, squatting for a while on his heels. It was too warm and stifling in the hold. His joints ached from the long confinement, his buttocks sore from sitting so long on the roughly hewn planks. He yearned to be with his father in the woods, running through the cool expanse of the forest, smelling the sweet earth and hearing something other than the incessant slap of water next to his ear and the oar drum.
His thoughts went briefly to his family. He knew his father would be searching for him, knew that a hunt would be underway, but he was at a loss how Ravan could possibly track him across the expanse of water that seemed to go on forever. For the first time in his life, he doubted his father could succeed, but he didnt blame him. It would take a man of godly might to orchestrate his salvation, he believed.
It made his heart feel good to think of his father and his mother. They were wonderful parents and tried to give him the means to survive. He would not have made it this far had he not spent those long days learning from this extraordinary man who called him son, that and the late evening hours when his mother debated mind and body, purpose and conviction with him. Young as he was, hed learned to trust his own mind, to believe in the power of it over circumstance.
A sad smile tugged at his mouth, and Risen looked up just in time to see William at the aft door. For a second he believed him to be alone. Then, from around the hip of the soldier, appeared Sylvie. There she was, so fair as to be nearly transparent. Risen breathed an audible sigh at the sight of her and lifted a hand to wave softly.
She was an angel, a beautiful messenger standing alone on a battlefield. Risen thought her frail as a flake of snow and was suddenly so outraged, again, at those whod taken them. But he swallowed his hatred and tried to force an expression of kindness and hope, for he knew Sylvie would want that.
A fleeting glimpse of relief passed over her features, but she did not smile, only returned the wave, lifting her arm and hand as a leaf on a breeze, first to her lips and then toward him. She was only there for a second and was then gone again, and Risen blinked, unsure that hed even seen her at all.
It would be seven more days before they would make the port in Antalya.

*  *  *

Yeorathe was complacent. He was nearly home, but as a Seljuk Turk by faith, he must pay a long overdue tax. True, he had in his keep the unrighteous pillages of his campaigns, mostly gold, and five slaves to be soldall children. The auction would pay well for the males, but the Sultan would pay most handsomely for Ravans son.
Because of the taxes he owed, Yeorathe had been forbidden to return to the Ottoman Empire, to set foot on his homeland without making good on his debt. He was indignant about it, one of those dispositions that believed that his right to own land should be without fees. Most of all, he coveted the gold hed pillaged and was largely unwilling to part with any of it, even if it was for debt he owed. It had been nearly a year since the barbarian had set foot on Antalyas shores
Standing on the deck of the slave ship, he peered into the distance. This was his least favorite part of the campaignstransporting the goods, but his pilgrimage was nearly at an end. He would return to his homeland now, enjoy a season of warmth and gluttony, and return to the godforsaken west only after hed had his fill and then some.
Greed was familiar to him, an old friend, and it settled warm in his gut as he considered his options. Yes, he was nearly positive that almost, if not all, of his debt could be made right through the sale of one particular slave boythe dark-haired one that sat a horse so well. Then he would keep his gold and be out from beneath the cursed tax, free to stay or go as he pleased. When his appetite for pillaging returned, and it always did, perhaps he would return to Europe, perhaps Hungary. It was always better to plunder a foreign land than your own, he thought.
His chest puffed out with pride. He intended to deliver his enemys son to the Sultan personally. The Ottoman militia would make him a martyr, and Risen would die for the Sultans cause. And when he did, Yeorathe would make certain that word was sent to the Ravan Dynastythat the wretched father would know.
Yeorathe thought of Sylvie. He should kill her now, dump her body as so much swill. But then he thought that maybe there was some worth to her after all. She was uncommon enough to perhaps be of temporary value, but only time would tell.
Yes, it will be good to be home.
An unpleasant smirk contorted the wicked face of the single eyed man as the faint, white frosting of white cliffs danced on the watery horizon. Antalya was in sight.


CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE


I do not wish to sell the boy on the general market, Yeorathe argued. Why would I sell him there? Why are you even here, on this boat, as it is?
My job. I handle the prisonersremember? And the others, to bring their shares back. They do not trust you.
Hmmph. Yeorathe eyed William closely. But Ravans bastard is worth more sold to the Devsirme. We will take him beyond Antalya to Isparta to sell him and the girl. He paused, studying the response of his first in command. The Englishman had been distant as of late, more so than usual. And there was a vigilance to him about the female slave.
The femaleshe appeared to be a weakness for William, and Yeorathe was at a loss why. True, if the Englishman had not pulled her from the hold, she would have perished, but what of it? She would be sold as a sex slave, most likely, or as a servant, perhaps. True, her appearance was uncommon, although Yeorathe strongly preferred the darker complexion of the women in his native land.
Itd been some time since hed seen home and the women there. The prostitutes were sturdier, lithe and velvety soft for the oils they smoothed upon their skin. No, the captive girl, with her bent leg and delicate countenancea stiff breeze would blow her to the groundand Yeorathe despised weakness.
So what was it that possessed William to care at all for her? Yeorathe brooded a bit further on this, for it had irked him greatly when his intent for the girlto rape her back at the inn that nighthad been foiled. Yeorathe wondered at his own desire, to have the waif with the uncommon hair and eyes that looked as though they would fall from their sockets.
Hed meant to be done with her that night, to satisfy a need, a growing ritual. No one but he knew his true intent had been to rape and then kill herslowly. She was no more than a soiled towel to him, to be used and thrown away. Yeorathe had done this seldom enough before, but it always left him supremely satisfied to degrade the victim so horribly and culminate it with a slow murder. And it was children, he discovered, who suffered this the best for him.
Strangely, he did not question that his need for this ritual had grown these last few years, and he fed it like a rich queen feeds an over spoiled child. Oddly, it was nothing he shared with anyone. He could not seem to make that leap. Brutal as war was, cruel as mankind could be, he was not willing to step beyond, not willing to allow mankind to know that he was not just a rapist of children, he was a killer of them.
So, something prevented him from telling. On the surface, his behavior had been something he considered a perquisite of his job, as though he was simply entitled. But if one dug deeper, which he was careful not to allow, he knew he would be judged for thisconsidered, in some way, less of a man.
Yeorathe focused his intentions back on the Englishman, and his rancor rose. His ire for the halfwit Englishman had recently grown, for William had not only countered his intent with Sylvie, hed shamed him in front of the men. This had pinched him ever since, and he attributed it entirely to the soldiers own desire for the child. Of course; it must be so; it could not be any other way! Not so long ago, hed seen William at his worse, had seen the extent of drunken debauchery and death this one was willing to dispense. Now, foolishly, Yeorathe passed judgment over the man and believed he, with his dim-witted English heart, was beyond repair.
So he was vigilant of the female child. What of it? Yeorathe harrumphed. That must be it, of course! William had meant to use the girl for his own needs, probably already had. It was all of a sudden clear to the general why the Englishman would covet the European girl. She was simply to his liking.
Well, then so be it, Yeorathe thought, for he simply could not comprehend it any other way. Let him rape the child himself, with his weak argument about her pureness and all. But, when it was all said and done, Yeorathe would have it his way. Sylvie would be sold when the time came, for gold was always preferable to gratification. Gold could purchase anything one desired. And with his growing spoils, he believed his gold would make him a king in his own right. He could have ten Sylvies!
Yeorathe shrugged his judgment of William off and foolishly overlooked signs that something was changed about the man. Passing his palm over his beard, he twisted his fingers, pulling it to a gnarly point. Hed done this so many times before that the hair spiraled to a point off his chin, giving him an even more sinister appearance, more than was already gained by his singular, peering eye and perpetual snarl.
His musings were interrupted by the Englishman. Very well. We will go inland to sell the noble child to the Devsirme, William countered, but the female will go with him until we do, for he will be unruly if she does not.
What do we care of it? Drag him to the sale block if he objects, by his testicles if need be! Yeorathe was losing patience.
You claim to recognize that this slave will serve well in the Janissary; his disposition fit for that. William gestured to below the hold, to where Risen remained shackled. Complicate our last quest and you risk destroying this. He is worth all of the others together; you already know this, but his weakness is the female. Remove her and he will destroy himself in his effort to destroy you. Of this I have no doubt.
As I said
Drag him to sale by his heart if you wish, but you know he will be worth nothing if he does not stand defiant on the block. You know this, Yeorathe. It is the same as with a horse. William minimized it in terms he hoped the lout would understand. He knew his argument was weakening. Let us not have come all this way to have your pride destroy our profits.
Yeorathe grunted and sneered, lifting the corner of his lip just enough to reveal a rotting incisor. For now, then. But if the bitch annoys me or slows us down, I will kill her as soon as look at her.
William only nodded, and went below.

*  *  *

The massive slave vessel pulled into the port, and the first thing Risen was aware of was the lack of pitch with the boat. Just when he believed he was entirely forgotten, for the other slaves were already gone from the hold, William came for him.
As his bonds were released, Risen asked, Sylvie, where is she?
Still below. I will go for her next.
Risens right ankle shackle fell away, and as it did, the hilt of the knife showed briefly over the top of his boot. Williams eyes caught his. He only stared until the boy nodded, a silent agreement that he would not incite their freedom until the moment was just right, until William signaled it would be so.
The boy pulled his trouser leg down over the hilt of the blade, hiding it, and struggled to stand for the first time in nearly two weeks.
Are you all right? Can you walk?
Yes, Risen ignored his weakened legs and stepped toward the galley. Take me to her.
Through the belly of the nearly vacant hold they wandered, to the rear quarters where the commanders were generally housed. Here was where William had been bunked, and going straight to his berth, he pulled the curtain aside. There, curled on his bed, lay Sylvie, a vacant expression on her lovely face. She appeared almost not to notice them.
Falling to his knees, Risen took both her hands in his. Sylvie, we are landed. He whispered. We must go now. William will help us to escape. We can go home, and
As his voice trailed off, Sylvies eyes blinked, and she focused on his. Where, Risen? Where will I go when we go home?
Me! You will stay with me, at the castle. Risens voice caught as he added, I have something for you. A colt, Sylvie, beautiful as youve ever seen, born the morning we were taken. He smiled and blinked tears from his eyes. Remember? He was mine all along. Father promised, and so he is mine to do with as I please. I was going to give him to you. A surprise, and we could train him together. Because he allowed his voice to trail off.
Sylvie almost smiled just then, the edges of her lips curling up a bit. Her gaze was clear and solid on Risen as she asked, straight up, Why do you love me so?
A sob nearly escaped the boys lips, and the tears that he fought so valiantly to hide welled up in his eyes. It embarrassed him that his weakness was so suddenly and easily apparent, and he wiped them roughly away.
Why do you ask that? He was not angry, only remained so gentle with his words. I think I have always loved you. Ive only now had the strength to tell you so.
You are stronger than you know you are, she replied and reached up. With the back of her hand, Sylvie touched the cheek of the mysterious boy that professed his love for her. Well then, I suppose I love you too. Her face beamed with a brilliant smile.
The words were almost more than Risen could bear, and he reached for her, pulling her into an embrace he believed he would never let go.
William looked around, impatient. There was no one else in the quarters that he could see, but all the same, time was scarce. Come now. Both of you, and realize I am your enemy in the eyes of others. Act accordinglycan you do that?
The two both agreed they could and hobbled behind him out of the hold and toward the first daylight theyd seen in a very long time.


CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR


The harbor was big and arcing, the beaches gleaming white on either side of the city. To the west the Tahtalidaglar Mountains rose up like stone monsters from the sea. The highest peak, Tasolyma, towered massive and white, its summit shining coppery red in the early morning sun. There was no other mountain this tall, this close to the sea, in all the world.
Antalya was unusual, for people of many faiths crammed into the unusual town, occupying districts of sorts. An immense wall ran around the perimeter behind it, and mosques, churches, and palacesin various stages of destruction and repairdotted the landscape like a visual account of mans preoccupation with divinity.
The seaport flourished, despite the passing through of the plague at intervals. Antalya was uncommon, a seaport like nearly no other, serving countries to the south, east and west. Dealing in trade of almost every imaginable sort, it was a keyhole to wealth and depravity. Ships of nearly every shape and size slipped to and from their moorings, and had the circumstances been of a different sort, Risen might have found it a fantastic sight.
He squinted into the bright afternoon sunlight and lifted his hand to peer first at the magnificent peaks and then to the bizarre landscape that moved as though one massive, living being. Antalya. His mouth fell open as he spied two creatures of mythical proportions not even twenty meters away from him.
On the end of a dock next to them, a man struggled with an animal hed never seen before but heard of in his lessons. The adolescent elephant trumpeted and lifted its trunk high in refusal to step onto the ramp as the man beat it with a hooked stick. Easily overpowering its handler, the animal spun, knocking over the camelanother creature Risen had never seenthat stood directly behind it. The elephant ran through the crowd, disappearing behind a ramshackle building, leaving a small horde of trampled people in its wake.
Unable to remove his eyes from the unfolding event, Risen was caught totally by surprise when a blow landed sharp on his collarbone, knocking him to his knees on the deck. He spun as best he couldhis legs yet unsure beneath him from the long voyageand snarled at his attacker, his hand nearly going for his blade. Yeorathe lifted the baton as though he would strike Risen down again, but William intervened, hissing with contempt at his leader.
He is submissive. Damage him, and I will have your head!
Yeorathe held Williams glare long and hard before lowering the baton. Sylvie held onto Risens arm, cowering by his side asYeorathe pushed past them and stormed off the ship, leaving William to tend the captives.
They made their way down the loading planks to the dock proper and were led through the myriad of creatures and people to the bartering booths, several blocks beyond the shoreline. In a nearby stable, Risen and Sylvie were tied and left under the watch of two men theyd not seen before.
William knelt as though to check their bindings. I will return soon with food and water. Rest if you can. We leave in the morning, he said under his breath.
The other boys? The ones from my village? Sylvie asked, her concern and compassion eternal.
William could not meet her gaze. At last, he said, Think of them no more. It will serve you poorly to waste your thoughts on them.
If you died today, I would think dear thoughts about you, she said in haste. It would not be a waste at all, for it would lock you in my heart for always.
This seemed to greatly affect William. His jaw was immediately grimly set, his hands clenching softly, his head hung. Turning away, it appeared he had something he might say to her, but then he rose and he was gone.
Why are you so kind? Risen wondered aloud, not in an accusing way, just unable to comprehend her altruism.
He twisted himself around to try to gain a more comfortable angle from which to lean against the pillar and still see her face. As miserable as their circumstances remained, he rejoiced that he was again with her and allowed himself this opportunity to look her over, to gauge her wellness.
Its not kindness, only the truth. Sylvie didnt struggle at all, only dropped her head against the pillar and closed her eyes as though she would sleep.
In his excitement to be with her, Risen had nearly forgotten how ill shed been on the boat and wondered if she was well enough to tolerate whatever lay ahead of them. He thought perhaps tonight would be the perfect time to orchestrate their escape, but then remembered his last efforts against the two soldiers in the livery. He believed the men who guarded him now would not be so forgiving of him.
He could not know that the journey they faced would be nearly a week north and into the mainland to IspartaYeorathes home. The passage was treacherous, climbing between the perilous mountain ranges of southern Turkey. He could not know that it was there that Yeorathe wished to consign him to the Janissary.
The day became blisteringly hot, and the children dozed. As they slept, in the town square of the Muslim section of the village, Yeorathe mounted the remaining stolen boys on the auction blocks. Before Sylvie scarcely would have time to remember them kindly, the three boys from the Ravan dynasty were sold into slavery and gone forever.

*  *  *

Four vessels down from Demetrios ship, no one noticed the unusual boat that eased into her slip as slick as though it was a second skin. A Spaniard supervised the mooring of the boat and was fast joined by a fierce mercenary and his following. A woman, skin so white that she appeared almost a phantom amongst them, joined the unlikely band of men.
Theyd been at sea so long that land was uncomfortable to Ravan. He felt as though the ground swayed beneath his feet, as if the ocean chose to swell up under the very earth he stood upon. Will this pass? The pitch I feel even as I stand still? he wondered aloud to Salvatore.
Unsettling, isnt it? The captain waved his hand. It will wear off in a day or twoor get back onto the boat, and it will be gone straightaway. He smiled as though that would be his first choice if he had it to make.
Before long, it was midmorning, and they were scouring for information about the Virgin Wolf, the ship that had fled Toulon with Ravans son aboard. According to the harbormaster, it was marked as present in the marina, having moored earlier late the previous day. Remarkably, they were shortly directed to a vessel on the very same pier and approached the slave ship that had taken Sylvie and Risen from Toulon.
They knew it was unlikely the children were still aboard the ship, but whether they were yet sent through the auction could not be determined unless records could be obtained. That could be a greater challenge than simply finding the ship.
It made Ravans heart ache to look at the awful vessel, with its black pitched keel and sunken oar windows, like so many awful eyes searching for another young victim that it might swallow whole and spit out to the unreachable ends of the earth.
He felt Nicolettes hand upon his arm, and almost immediately, the anger that threatened to rise in him subsided. Glancing over his shoulder, Ravan heard and saw the chaos of the town in midday. He knew that if Risen and Sylvie were somewhere here, they would not be for long, for Antalya was a way-station, and lost souls were scattered from this wretched town nearly as soon as they arrived.
The deckhand who stood guard of the Virgin Wolf lounged against a pylon. Salvatore approached him but was motioned that he should halt. The guard lazily blocked the ramp to the foredeck with an unusual sword that bowed severely and was fatter toward the end than it was close to the handle. Ravan thought the weapon fairly ridiculous and stifled his impulse to simply gut the man where he stood.
The Spaniard entreated the guard pleasantly, enquiring simply of the captains whereabouts. All had gone ashore, for theyd been nearly two weeks at sea, was all the man was inclined to offer. Deciding it would be a waste of might and resource to engage him further, Ravan and Salvatore asked, instead, for directions to the auction.
The guard was noncommittal, as though not sure that he should share this common knowledge with them. With Salvatore pressing him, he indicated farther into the village, to the center of the chaos.
Go to the loudest district. You will find it there, the man grumbled.
Nearly a half hour later, they located the auction, specifically the slave portion of it, and came upon it in full swing. It was evidently a destination point, for it would appear many came simply to gawk and watch, obviously fascinated by the inhumanity of human trade.
The farther in they went, the thicker the crowds became until their group was physically shoving their way through. Ravan was stunned by the organized anarchy of it all. People pushed and pulled, calling out in languages hed never before heard. There were vendors bustling with baskets balanced as though by magic, rows of animals held together with mere twine, people of all colors and sizes.
In every direction Ravan was bombarded with the smells of incense, fruit, rot and flesh, all intermingling in a mad circus of methodical confusion. Amongst all of it there was an underlying order as trades happened, words were promised and broken, and currency changed hands. All the while, Ravan kept a firm hold on Nicolettes wrist.
Finally, they were at the very center of the square and stopped to look up at a platform with stairs up and down either side of it. In the middle was a pole, and on the pole was attached a large, metal ring. The late afternoon auction was yet to start, but peoplemostly men, and of substantial meanspushed to claim their spot around the stage. They pointed and spoke in tongues harshly unfamiliar to Ravan. He and Salvatore left Nicolette, Velecent, and his men on the periphery of the bulk of the masses, and the two of them shoved their way closer to the stage.
The slaves were being previewed, walked in long rows up one flight of stairs, across the small stage, and down the other side. There were dozens of them, and Ravan was stunned to see the extent of this business of human trade. Hed never known such a thing existed.
Looking over the heads of the crowd, for he was nearly taller than any other there, he could see Nicolette standing next to Velecent in the shadows of a vendors canopy. She seemed oddly unattached as she peered mildly at the odd train of human flesh that paraded past them.
Bodies of all sizes and colors walked on and off the auction blockwhite, black, yellow, brown, all of them broken, all of them manacled or with nooses about their necks. Some had rings inserted in their nose or cheek and were tethered by them. The handlers had long staffs with which they used to direct the slaves, sometimes randomly beating on them.
Most of the captives went silently and obediently, almost as though theyd walked this path before. Some of them, however, fought against their bonds, largely the younger males, but all eventually succumbed to their fate. In all of their eyes shown vacancy and despair. Ravan seethed, that man could be so cruel to another, that Risen would be one of these.
The next phase of the auction began, the latest wave of human flesh for sale, and Ravan heard Salvatore speaking to someone next to him. He listened intently but didnt understand the conversation.
Salvatore broke from the dialogue and turned to Ravan. The sale goes on all day, whenever a shipment comes through. We are either too early or too late, but we cant know without records. He shrugged.
Who keeps the sales records? I must speak with them straightaway.
On the far opposite side of the auction stage was a large, elevated stand. Salvatore indicated one end of the canopied booth where the archivist penned the record of each sale. Beside him sat a portly man, beard white as snow, eyebrows nearly as white and immensely bushy and braced, lending little support to the poorly wrapped turban that perched on the fellows head.
To his flank stood soldiers, at least ten, sabers at the ready. In front of him rested scales, and next to the scales were heaps of coinage of several sorts, metered and divided in tall stacks to satisfy whatever the current transaction might be. This man seemed in charge as he waved a short, fat hand, and from somewhere a loud trumpet announced the auction was to begin.
Now on the sale blocks were two men, dark, also with turbans, and nearly naked. They wore, wrapped around their loins, filthy cloths, and were barefoot, shackled together at the ankle. One of them was wounded and held his injured arm as though it were broken. They were tethered to the ring on the pole and left so all could peruse them.
The auctioneer selling the slaves stood on the edge of the raised deck, indicating the shackled men with a sweep of his arm and calling to the crowd, pointing at bartering individuals at any given moment. The auction went very fast and continued until the auctioneer seemed all at once satisfied. Then the slaves were hurried off the block and disappeared into the crowd. Without delay, the next ones were brought up.
Pointing to the fat man beneath the auction booth canopy, Ravan asked, Him? He will know if the child slaves from the Virgin Wolf have been sold and to whom?
He will, Salvatore began, but
He didnt have a chance to finish his thought for Ravan was gone, already weaving his way through the last few rows of the packed crowd before Salvatore could catch him by the arm and call, Ravan! We must wait! We cannot disturb the auction. It is a capital offense!
This had no effect on the mercenary as he charged past the auction platform and right up the ramp toward the elevated stand. Velecent and his other men jumped from Nicolettes side and quickly followed. There was an immediate stir as oglers leapt from the ramp like water from a hot pan, allowing the fiercely determined mercenary and his group their berth.
Ravan was met at the top by a horde of the sabered guards. The gold that passed through this auction was significant, and the army that ensured its proper payoff was more than the small band of men who followed their dark leader up the incline.
I must speak to someone about the ledgers. I must know about a sale! Ravan commanded but was met with a saber to his chest.
He stared briefly at the blade, eyes narrowed, and followed the swords curved edge to meet the mans gaze. The soldier said nothing but sneered, pushing the steel harder against the mercenarys armor as though to push him back down the ramp.
Ravan didnt budge. Youre not going to want to do that, he commented.
Velecent was just drawing his sword when Salvatore appeared at their sides, blathering on in that foreign language. It was fast, and the vowels seemed to roll on and on. The crowd quieted, though trying to hear what all the commotion was about as the man with the saber motioned with his free fist at Ravan, his voice rising over the surrounding din. He then motioned to the ongoing auction.
Minimally, it was evident the soldier believed the foreign intruder should not be allowed to interrupt the sales. More likely, Ravan and his men were kicking a hornets nest.
Salvatore continued to argue in the mans tongue, gesturing toward the group of Ravans men who looked conspicuously out of place, but the man would have none of it and was yelling at Salvatore while his eyes remained fixed mostly on Ravan.
The argument was clearly to the point of pushing Salvatore from reasonable composure, and when the guard stabbed at Ravanthe blade clinking against his armorthe French mercenary stepped away, pushed the blade aside, and swiftly captured the guards arm in a lock. He turned, pivoted his shoulders, and bent over, easily dislocating the mans shoulder before pushing him neatly from the ramp. The soldier fell some fifteen feet onto a throng of people below.
All swords were immediately drawn and mayhem ensued. A horde of guards funneled out of the grandstand, down the ramp, and toward Ravan, Velecent, Salvatore, and their men. The Turkish soldiers were not nearly as experienced as Ravans troop, and so a handful fell straightaway. But the Turks had the advantage of numbers, so Ravan and his men were pushed backward, even as valiantly as they fought. It appeared they would be run over, for Ravan battled two men at once, stepping backward into a fleeing crowd as he did.
The fat man at the ledgers sounded the horn repeatedly and yelled, but no one seemed to care what he had to say. Instead, the crowd dispersed to a large semicircle, allowing the fight between Ravans men and the Turks to ensue front and center, right next to the massive stage.
Struggling with his two foes, Ravan called to Salvatore, while the fat ringmaster in the booth repeated what he was yelling and sounded the ridiculous horn again. What does he say?
He says you are an assmore foolish than a camel humping a horse. Salvatore struggled with his own overwhelming odds.
He said all that in only two words? Ravan was back to back with Velecent and fairly surrounded.
The fat man yelled something further, and a new wave of soldiers swept in from seemingly nowhere, overpowering the small troop in no time and holding all of them at bay as Ravan, Velecent, and Salvatorethe obvious ringleaders of this fiascowere forced to step up and onto the auction stage. With three soldiers on each of them, they were forced to their knees, facing the fat man sitting behind the stacks of gold.
Ravan began to speak, but a sword at this throat silenced him straightaway. The fat man jabbered on, sweeping his hand over the crowd before pointing dramatically to the strange invaders each in turn. He went on and on at length.
Were going to be executed? Ravan offered.
We are going to be executed, Salvatore concurred, unless I can persuade him otherwise.
Then there was then an exchange between the fat man and the Spaniard that went on for a bit, the fat man becoming more and more animated, until the ships captain whispered, I am getting nowhere with this one.
The guards holding Ravan drew him to the center of the auction block before forcing him again to his knees. From the crowd appeared a large fellow with a blade that, for an instant, reminded Ravan briefly of an old frienda giant.
Obviously, Ravan was to be the first victim, and the throngs crowded in, intent on a good look at the beheading. Salvatore was feverishly imploring the fat man at this point, speaking faster than Ravan had ever heard anyone talk. Velecent yelled something he missed, struggling against his captors.
Just when it seemed inevitable that the executioner would raise the awful blade, the crowd hushed. Ravan struggled and yelled, Youre monsters! All of you, that you would sell another man! His argument was not for his own fate but for the immorality of the people here.
The fat man spoke one more time then, with some struggle, forced himself up and out of his chair. All could clearly see the impressive robes the man wore, draped in stones of many colors and woven with strands of the finest filaments. He had an obvious flair for the dramatic and preached in short bursts, engaging the crowd in increments until nearly all murmured their agreements.
When the leaders diatribe finally ceased, the executioner stepped into place, and the guards forced Ravan to bend forward, his hands bound behind him. Velecent kicked his objection to the awful display, and the crowd gasped, but not at him.
Onto the auction platform stepped a pale beauty like no one had ever seen. Her hair flew long and black about her, and she was paler than anyone else present. Fine and fragile as a bird, she looked at the fat man behind the ledger and spoke in her native, English tongue. Let them go.
The fat man was only further incensed, as though a mere woman had halted the execution. He gave a curt order of some sort, and the executioner went to lift his bladea mistake.
Nicolette lifted a hand, one finger pointed, to the executioner. Stop. She gave the command with such clarity, and a sparrow flitted down from seemingly nowhere to perch upon her thin wrist.
The executioner hesitated, glanced at the fat man as though uncertain whether he should continue. The guards were evidently mesmerized enough by the peculiar display to rest their hold a bit, and Ravan was able to lift his head just enough to see Nicolette on the auction block. He began to protest, sure that they would strike her down, but as a free soldier stepped toward her, she lifted her other arm and reached, palm up and with her wrist severely bent, at the man. Down he went as though suddenly without legs, and he lay very stillbreathing but not moving.
Screw a siren whore, Salvatore murmured, his eyes fixed on Nicolette.
The crowd hushed, obviously intrigued by the display. As Nicolettes mouth opened, she next ushered a string of syllables unfamiliar to Ravan. The crowd, likewise, stood as if confused, with the exception of a hag standing at the corner of a stall of woven baskets and cradling a piglet.
By now, all were gravely silent, and the hag answered Nicolettes tirade with one of her own, stepping forward and dropping the piglet where she stood. It squealed before disappearing between the legs of the crowd.
Nicolettes eyes were no longer the deep, emerald green that drew from Ravan his very breath. They were no color at all, for theyd gone clear as glass, and her head snapped about, obviously focused on the words the hag spoke. Just as swiftly, however, she seemed unconcerned with what the other witch had to say. Nicolettes unfamiliar eyes looked up at the sky as her head rocked back, her chin up.
The executioner, as though unsure what to do next, chose to ignore the babbling women. He lifted the blade, intent on finishing his task and having Ravans head. It was poor judgment on his part, for as he did Nicolette spun her handthe one that was pointed at himfrom palm up to palm down, her fingers hooked and claw-like.
The blade swung in a violent arc, missing Ravan altogether and burying itself instead in the thigh of the big man. He fell, and the blade disengaged, clattering across the auction block to directly in front of Salvatore.
The remaining guards, unsure of what to do next, released the men and stepped toward Nicolette. Out of her mouth coursed a string of further unintelligible words as she swept her other arm across her chest and then backat them.
Down they went, several of them hard onto the stage, and stayed, unable to move, eyes wide with fear. Nicolettes head tipped forward and turned sharply to the left as she considered the fallen men with her vacant, crystal eyes. Now her utterances were barely audible as though she whispered only to herself.
The crowd mostly dispersed. Some cowered and babbled, murmuring what, if Ravan could have understood, would have been words such as witch, sorceress, evil queen, vengeance upon us. There was chaos as they fell back, leaving in their stead a handful of women who stood their ground. All of these women remained motionless, having dropped whatever they held, and only stared at Nicolette.
Ravan staggered to his feet, followed by Salvatore, who snatched up the executioners blade as well, and Velecent.
Nicolette Ravan spoke softly, reaching a hand toward his bride.
The fancy, fat man was the next to speak, bellowing first to Nicoletteto no effectand then to the hag whod uttered the similar syllables only moments before. Several guards came from nowhere, grabbed her, and dragged her to the stage.
Now the woman babbled in the tongue of the fat man and pleaded, hands together, fingers laced and up, begging mercy of him.
Whats she saying! Ravan hissed to Salvatore. What are they saying?
What, for hells sake, was your bride saying? he countered, fairly incredulous and with some display.
Ive never heard her speak in such a way, Ravan admitted urgently but was then silenced by the chain of events to follow.
The guards began to beat the hag, and Nicolette appeared to take offense to that. She opened her mouth, and this time said nothing, but a sounda terrible screeing soundfunneled around everyone on the stage, taking up an awful momentum as it circled. All clapped their hands over their ears, and in one final bolt of noise, the guards who mistreated the hag were veritably blown from the stage as though a cyclone had bowled them over. Off they tumbled, out of sight of those who remained, and were not seen to rise.
The hag was unaffected by the blast and remained lying on the stage, hands over her ears. Still bound, Salvatore approached her, murmuring in her native tongue, urgent words as he looked between her and Nicolette.
She answered, indicating Ravan, the fat man, the solitary women who stood out from the crowd, and lastly Nicolette. Between her urgent babblings, she laid her palm to rest on her own chest and shook her head no.
Salvatore helped her to rise then approached Ravan. Your wife is a witch, he said simply as though he was commenting on the weather.
Bloody hell, you say.
The hag concurs. She is, likewise, a sorceress, possessing an iota of what Nicolette evidently does. She tells me your wife has power that will not be denied, and it is strengthened by the proximity of others of her kind, of which there are several about. He indicated the random women who were left in the crowd, all standing solemnly and exactly the same, hands folded in front of them. The pigless hag nodded as though she understood everything Salvatore was saying.
The fat man with the ledgers was apparently just then overcome with a need to be elsewhere and turned as though he would make his way from this insanity, disappearing out a rear exit.
Nicolettes head snapped in his direction, and her lips curled back, revealing a snarl of exquisite proportion. He halted, hands to his throat, and staggered backward, back into his raised pavilion. Just when it seemed his significant mass would careen out of the elevated platform, possibly falling to his death below, Ravan called to Nicolette.
Nicolette! No!
Her face snapped his direction, and her snarl disappeared, her mouth open as though she might speak, but with no words coming forth. The fat man teetered against the railing, a thin row of slatted wood all that prevented him from plunging to his peril.
Dont hurt him, my love. I hate him too, but he may know where our son is. Risen, our sonhe may know who has taken him.
The glass eyes faded, replaced straightaway with the beautiful green eyes Ravan knew and loved. She appeared at first confused, then she staggered as she murmured, Ask of him what you will. It seemed the most reasonable request in the world as she lowered both hands to her sides.
There were more hushed comments amongst what was left of the crowd, but no one further challenged the strange beauty whod commanded their stage. The fat man regained his composure, whirled, and sat heavily in his chair. His tanned features were reddened, and his turban was dangerously close to sliding off the side of his head. He spoke in a hoarse voice to Salvatore.
What does he say? Ravan was by then free of his bonds and standing by Nicolette, his arm around her shoulders. In his embrace, she looked suddenly so frail that anyone might break her if they so chose.
He says he will look at the ledger with you, but only if you agree to be gone and take the evil one with you, to vex his city no more.
Tell him I will leave and take my men and Nicolette with me, but firstwe will talk.


CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE


Nicolette was exceedingly weakened by the event. The hag explained to Salvatore how what the beauty had done was unusual, even amongst witches. She told them that Nicolettes extraordinary gifts had been compounded because the others had been present with her. Shed pulled from them, other sorceresstheir strength, and unleashed terror of a kind she might not have otherwise been able to command.
Now, quite spent by the whole affair and with only a marginal memory of it, Nicolette was escorted back to the Red Raven by the hag and several of Ravans men. She would be too weak to travel farther, and the remainder of the chase fell onto Ravans shoulders.
Rest, Ravan kissed his bride before she returned with half his men to the boat. I will return soonwith our son.
Next, Ravan conferenced with the fat chieftain. It was a tight fitRavan, Velecent, Salvatore, and the fat man in a ridiculously small hut near the center of the village. Four of Ravans men waited for him just outside.
It appeared the fellow could not be rid of the foreigners fast enoughhis mannerisms bespoke thisand he forbade Nicolettes presence, explained that he would die rather than poison his soul with the evil of one such as she. Truly her display had rattled him thoroughly, and it seemed most of the town would simply be happy to have the dark mercenary and his group gone from them. It even took some persuasion for the harbormaster to allow the Red Raven to remain in port.
The chieftain sprawled behind a table, some sheaves of parchment laid before him. Weighting down the bulk of the papers was a gorillas hand, preserved almost as perfect as the day it was taken from the beast. Velecent eyed the strange paw, but Ravan ignored it entirely, focused instead on the task at hand. Strange formalities and conventions were nothing to him. Hed suffered the wicked indulgences of many over his years and was surprised by nearly nothing.
He pressed the fat man, and Salvatore translated. When all was said and done, the information that could be gleaned was as follows. There were eight boys sold in the auction, none of them of the age or resembling the description of Risen, and no female children had been sold at auction.
This raised the question of whether Risen and Sylvie had perished on the journey, something nearly impossible to consider but must be ruled out nonetheless. Ravan would not allow the chieftain pardon from their meeting until a courier was sent to retrieve the harbormaster.
Within the hour the harbormaster came huffing into the small hut with his records. A nervous fellow, although it could have been the compelling circumstances, recounted that, besides the crew and adult slave cargo, there were five children that went land side from the Virgin Wolf. All were European, but only three of the child slaves were branded as cargo when taken from the vessel. He showed them the brand, and it was confirmed. These three were sold at auction, their brands matching those of the Virgin Wolf, leaving twounaccounted for. But why? Why would Risen and Sylvie not have been sold?
The fat man licked his lips, offering up an explanation that had not yet been mentioned. Our auction is for swift returnsales that allow most of our buyers a bargain. Those who might wish to buy a slave can come here to get the most for their coin, and our sellers are mostly glad to be rid of them. The majority are transporters, and only wish to be free of their cargo and back to the sea. That is the nature of those who choose a life such as that. He harrumphed and shifted his generous bulk in a chair that was very nearly too small for him.
The man glanced, glaring at Salvatore who only shrugged and replied, Fair enough.
Then why? Why would they not sell my son?
The fat man closed the ledger, indicated to his aide that he needed a refill on his spirits, and drank deeply before peering at Ravan with eyes that floated in fleshy pockets, pinpoints of disagreeable practicality. He shook his head and looked at his ledgers, sweeping a fat hand across them. Then he said something to the Spaniard.
Salvatore translated. If your son is like youif your son is the offspring of one such as yourself and the dark enchantress you brought to my villagehe is likely a prize worth selling on the closed market.
What does that mean? The closed market? Ravan stood, arms spread, leaning on the table, his face as close to the fat man as it could be.
The dealer did not fall away but met Ravans stare full on. He babbled something more, fat lips oily with spit, and all were quieteven Salvatore. Ravan did not understand the mans words but could sense the full force of the mans contempt.
What did he say? Tell me? What did he say? Ravan insisted quietly.
The sea captain shifted his weight and looked away.
Velecent jumped in. Salvatore? What is it? Where have they taken him?
Your son is likely sold to the Janissarythe Devsirme. He seemed truly apologetic. They have taken him somewhere else, for a better price.
What does this mean? Janissary? What is this? Ravan demanded, vaguely remembering the livery man talk of such a thing.
It is enslavement of non-Muslim boys. But he will be no ordinary slave. They will mold him with strict discipline and training. If he is apt, he may even be sent to the palace school.
And what happens to him there? Velecent appeared almost afraid to ask.
He will train for his ultimate role. When Salvatore was met with only blank faces, he added as though afraid to say it, He will become one of them, one of the elite. If all goes as planned, he will die for the Sultana warrior of the sun, protector of the throne. Risen will be a child sacrifice and fight until he can fight no more.
Ravan slammed his fist on the table. WHERE?
The fat man knew exactly what the stranger asked and replied with four names, all towns inland of Antalya.
Velecent asked questions swiftlyquestions all of them wondered. Which one? How will we know which one of the towns Risen had been taken to?
The chieftain only shrugged.
Ravan spun to leave. He answered for all of them, Yeorathe, and Demetrios. The captain of the Virgin Wolf must know where this man has gone.
Within the half hour, they were at the docks again. There it was, the Virgin Wolf, a massive vessel by any standards. It stood several decks tall above the docks, a severe ship that had shipped much heartache in its day.
In long strides, Ravan ran down the dock. He stopped and peered at the ship that had brought Risen and Sylvie to this strange land. He tried to imagine his son within the belly of this beast, and once more, it gave him a sick feeling in his heart.
The gangway had been withdrawn so that no one could board or leave the vessel, and a man lazily guarded the mouth of the gangway, up on the deck of the ship. He was a big fellow with a stubborn affect and dangled one leg from the side of the deck as he played a solitary game of dice. He glared at them, obviously annoyed by the small band of menlandlubbers who were interrupting his idle boredom.
Salvatore announced their intentions, explained that they wished to speak with the captain, but the sailor said that Demetrios was detained, that there was no one who would be allowed to disturb him at this time. Salvatore pressed him regarding the urgency of their request, embellishing his gestures with great charm.
Ravan could scarcely take his eyes from the Spaniard, animated as he was. When the conversation appeared to escalate, it included gestures of a different sort.
Salvatore shrugged. He appears disinclined to assist us.
What did he say? Velecent asked.
He suggests I do to you something a bit unsavory. The Spaniard looked Velecent up and down. Perhaps if you were more my type.
Velecent snorted and asked Ravan, His crew outnumbers ours significantly. How do you wish to pro
He had no time to finish the question for Ravan acted, pulling from over his shoulder his bow and arrow. On the dock next to a massive piling sat a tar pitch-pot. This was used to seal minor leaks of variable nature and to waterproof sodden wood. Ravan knelt, pulled from his waist pouch his flint and steel and, within seconds, into the bucket he sent a spark.
The spark caught the tar easily, and it burned happily, a faint blue flame rippling slowly back and forth across the surface of the pitch with the soft breeze. Into the bucket Ravan plunged the tip of an arrow.
The flame lapped at the pointburning droplets falling into the water with a hiss as he seated the arrow onto his bow. This was familiar to him. This was what Ravan knew, and Salvatores eyes widened as the mercenary released the arrow.
Away it flew, arcing the short distance before imbedding itself firmly in the main mast of the ship, five or so meters up from the deck. The sailorthe lazy one with the diceleapt to his feet, eyes fixed on the burning arrow, mouth hanging open in surprise.
In no time, the fire would catch the stays and the sails strapped to them. In short order, the Virgin Wolf would become a floating hell of an entirely different sort.
Tell him I must speak with his captain, Ravan ordered Salvatore flatly.
Salvatore smiled wryly. If youre going to keep doing things like that
Mmm? Ravan raised an eyebrow.
We are perhaps going to have to remain friends when this adventure is done. The Spaniard grinned broadly and yelled to the Virgin Wolfs sailor again that they must speak to Demetrios.
Ravans assault created an immediate stir. The sailor called out something, and what had seemed like an almost deserted ship was now swarming with crewmen from apparently nowhere, flocking to the main deck, pointing and jabbering about Ravan and the burning arrow.
They appeared uncertain about which was the more important task, putting out the fire or taking down the assailant. They also had next to no time to consider their quandary for almost immediately Ravan launched a second arrow, this time onto the fore mast of the ship. Now two arrows burned on the Virgin Wolf.
Ravan simply waited, bow resting on the dock, his hands folded casually across it.
You have a propensity for stirring up trouble; you realize that, Salvatore offered wryly.
Hmm.
The captain of the Virgin Wolf surfaced in seconds and yelled at his crew, apparently giving them orders for something they appeared to already be doingputting out the fire. Besides that, he commanded his crew to take up arms, and all along the railing sailors popped up, sporting whatever the weapon of choice was for them.
Most held blades, which was fairly absurd given they were so far away. A few were more creative. There were several maces, axes, and a single crossbow, although the man who held it struggled to load it. More critically, the ship had cannons, but port would be an unwelcome place to use them; this Ravan knew.
The captain of the Virgin Wolf called out a sharp command, and all were immediately silent. Nothing could be heard but the creaking of the ship against its massive ties and the overhead gulls vying for airspace. The fire was by then nearly contained, and a small plume of black smoke spiraled from the first mast, from the spot where the first arrow had landed.
The captain peered, one hand to his eyes, to see what arrogance dared attack his vessel at port. His ship was powerful, one of the most fortified of all that were moored and was manned with nearly a full crew, a small army of its own right! 
He cast his eyes on Ravan and held his gaze, but a sailor at his sideperhaps his first mateindicated them, stabbing a finger in Ravans direction as he whispered something into the captains ear. Perhaps this man had been present this day, had seen what Nicolette had done at the slave auction.
Demetrios cleared his throat and spoke in a rough, middle English. Ravan, Velecent, and Salvatore all understood him well enough. I understand you require my attention. He indicated with a wry expression and, with one hand, the slightly charred main mast.
The one aboard who brought the child slavesYeoratheI need to know where he is, Ravan said simply.
Shrugging, the captain waved the question off. I know not of whom you speak, nor do I care, he said but then just as quickly contradicted himself, His money spends all the same for me. You, however, have given me a sour stomach on this fine afternoon. Vex me further and I will hang you from my keel and let the sea have its way with you.
Ravan was not in the least bit inclined to banter further with the captain whod allowed his son to be transported across the Mediterranean Sea. Saying no more, he pulled an arrow from the quiver on his back with swift and deadly precision, this time launching it and taking down the first mate of the ship. The man had been standing directly next to the wicked captain, arms crossed over the generous expanse of his bare chest.
The captain spun, saw that the shot had gone through his first mates right hand, pinning it against the mans chest as the arrow pierced the poor sots heart. The sailor lay flat on his back on the deck as though professing his heartfelt love to the gulls overhead.
Demetrios was immediately enraged and whirled to face Ravan. He was also instantly sober, however, for what he saw was another arrow, loaded and pointed directly at him.
Ravan asked flatly, Where is he?
There was an utterance from the man down deck with the crossbow. He was at last loaded, and his question was if the captain wished him to shoot the intruder, but the captain wisely waved him off. If the man missed, the captain would bear the brunt of Ravans fury.
I said, where is he? Ravan repeated the question, drawing the purchase of the bow even more.
Yeorathe. He lives in Isparta, the captain said in haste, one-hundred kilometers north. It is there that you will likely find him. He will be gone twenty days hence, and on his return will share passage with me to Italy.
Ravan lowered his bow, eyed the captain with something akin to loathing. You will be a fool to wait for him, for you will wait a very long time, he spat at Demetrios and turned, stalking back down the long dock, leaving the man and his vast crew to ponder the solitary wraith whod left them a ship-hand short and totally undone.
Enough time in this unfamiliar town, Ravan thought to himself. It suited him poorly with all its smells and the sweltering heat. It was his intent to be on a horse before dusk and gone, giving chase once more. He could feel the heartbeat of the one he sought in his throatthe one whod taken his son. For the first time since Risen had been stolen, Ravan could taste the revenge that would soon be his.
Nearly two hours later, Ravan and his men had procured mounts and packed what provisions they needed. The man who sold them their horses shook his head and mumbled something in that maddening tongue that Ravan was growing to hate.
Salvatore translated, He thinks we are crazy to chase someone into the Taurus Mountains. He says there is little water to be found and many ways to die.
Then let us be glad that we will not be there long, Ravan replied. With that, they were off across the treacherous countryside in the direction of Isparta. Ravan had every intention of overcoming Yeorathe before he ever reached his home.


CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX


The beautiful, pristine countryside that surrounded Antalya changed almost immediately from a flat, seascaped ocean village to foothills and then to the rocky, parched hillsides of the steppes leading to the hostile Taurus Mountains. Beyond that was simply treacherous.
The children spent one night in the noisy city of Antalya at Yeorathes insistence. He evidently had acquaintances he meant to catch up with. Sylvie and Risen were secured in a slave shack on the eastern margin of the market alongside other slaves, other men and women bound for wherever fate destiny meant for them.
With a single manacle about their right ankles, they were at least offered the respite of straw and the ability to lay down. It was early evening and swelteringly warm. Sylvie curled up in the straw like a fawn and closed her eyes, her cheek resting on folded hands. She looked as though she was praying as she slept.
Many of the other captives, miserable though they were, could scarcely take their eyes from her. Truly, she was painfully beautiful, and looked as out of place as a kitten on a battlefield.
William kept guard but was eventually relieved of his watch. However, he had ample opportunity to share a plan with Risen. He told them he would, that evening, scour the harbor for a ship leaving that very nightto anywhere. He meant to use all of his resources to get the children and himself aboard a vessel, to negotiate passage back to Europe, back to their home.
This, however, was not to be the case. There were only two ships leaving porta cargo vessel bound for the orient, the other carrying soldiers and provision to the escalating front in Constantinople. That would have simply been a trip from bad to worse, in Williams estimation. Consequently, they left the next morning, early, for Isparta. Salvatores ship would come into port six hours later.
There were eight in Yeorathes band nowsix adults, counting William, and the two children. Yeorathes village was normally a weeks ride from the sea. It would be a perilous journey through several high mountain passes, but the Turk was familiar with it, having taken the trek before. Even so, it was no easy journey.
Isparta would be the final destination for Yeorathes dealings with his last two slaves. Risen and Sylvie would at long last be sold. He meant to keep them alive only long enough to sell.
The Muslim Turks who traveled with Yeorathe were not of his band. They were, however, warriors returning to Isparta as well and were willing to take comfort in numbers by banding with him. By consigning themselves to the trek, they effectively fortified their own crusade north. The trail they traveled could be very unsafe for a solitary man. These men were simply opportunists, having also come to Antalya to trade.
The horses they rode were smaller, scragglier beasts than the warhorses of Western Europe, but they were exceedingly surefooted and agile as they clambered up the rocky trail single file. Risen and Sylvie sat together on one of the beasts, he with his arms around her. It was a treacherous and wonderful time, for he held herheld her as he longed to do so many times in his dreams, and yet it was not as it should have been, for they were so far away and still not free.
He whispered soft things into her ear, told her that he loved her, told her of Williams intent, that they should be rescued from their entrapment soon, and that he would help them when the moment came. He told her about the blade, the one hed lost in the skirmish on the loft, and how brave he would behis intent to use it soon to help orchestrate their escape. He was more optimistic than hed been in days, and he rejoiced when she leaned her head back on his shoulder.
Sylvie listened to Risen but said very little. He could not see her face, but she traced his arm sweetly with her forefinger, ran her hand over his. Her fingers were so pale and thin against the strong, warmth of histhinner than he believed they were before. Finally, she was quiet, and a lock of her hair lifted in the soft breeze, blowing silken against his cheek.
It was then that he murmured beautiful things to her, reminded her of how lovely the little white flowers that covered the meadow by her house would be just about now. There would be many splendid things to see when they got home, and he promised that their days would be spent in wondrous adventure together. He thought that they could reach out to Niveus together, pull his sister back from that place which threatened to take her away. Sylvie had always believed they should.
Risen noticed just then the chopped spot where Sylvie had given a lock of hair to the boy on the boat, and he briefly wondered what the boy did with it now. Itd been a gesture of benevolence on her part, but it angered him that she should be defiled in any way, and his frustration drew him to silence. He struggled to be a better man, to go instead where his mind was a moment before, to go where Sylvie would have him go. Compassionmercylove.
The sun was hot; it seemed closer to the earth here in this strange land. Dust swirled around their mounts and was thick on his tongue, drawing from him any inclination to speak further. Ahead, he could see a mountain range rise up in front of them, snow white peaks etched against a brilliant blue sky, announcing their beauty and treachery to all who might dare scale them.
Risen thought the men traveled in much less of a hurry than when they were fleeing France. The horses picked their way lazily through the scrub brush and short trees. Yeorathe appeared satisfied to allow this.
All the while, the boy tried to make mental notes as they rode, tried to familiarize himself with this strange land, memorize the landmarks and the path they took. One could get lost very easily in these mountains, he thought to himself. It was hostility of a very different sort.
As the day wore on, he felt a pinch between his shoulder blades, felt the weight of his weariness full upon him. But Sylvies fatigue was even greater, for she slumped heavily against him. As her head leaned back on his shoulder, he saw full well that she was asleep, saw how red her nose and cheeks were from the sun.
They were given very little water today; Yeorathe had ordered it so, to weaken them, and thered been no good instance when William could sneak his flask to them. Risen hugged her more tightly, struggled to negotiate his sleeping beauty and the rangy horse they rode, fearful that she or both of them might fall from it.
Pressing his face against her, he smelled the dusty fragrance of the girl he loved, rubbed his cheek against her hair. As miserable as they were, he thought he would cry tears of joy, just to have her close to him again, for hed believed she would die on the ship.
The day turned even hotter even though it was still spring, and Ravan could feel the sweat run down his chest and abdomen, a furnace between them from the heat of their bodies. The trail widened, and William rode up next to him, reaching to take Sylvie.
Ive got her, Risen began, but the Englishman shook his head.
It will be steeper ahead. Let me have her; I can carry her better. Williams expression was one of kindness as he glanced furtively from Yeorathe to the others, careful not to allow them to see too much of his compassion for the slave children.
The angels eyes flitted open as the Englishman swept her from Risens grasp and laid her across his lap, shielding her face from the sun with his shoulder. Her arms reached around his neck, and she buried her face into his chest. The softest, fleetest smile threatened to cross Williams lips.
Risen could scarcely take his eyes from them and, for the briefest instant, he remembered a day gone byHerluinthat summers day when Sylvie had crawled into her fathers lap and wrapped her arms around his neck in exactly the same fashion.
The Englishman pulled his flask and dripped water between Sylvies lips. Still, onward they rode. It was very late afternoon when the canyons gave way to a few scraggly thickets of trees, and they wound about in them for a span before coming to a massive ledge beyond. This would be a tricky part of their journey to negotiate, for although the trail was wide enough, it was solid rock with a sheer drop to one side and a flat wall of stone to the other.
Yeorathe decided that a small meadow tucked in a thin stand of trees, just before they took to the ledge, would be a good place to take respite for a short while before moving on. He was in fine spirits, perhaps because he was approaching his home after being gone for such a long time, andhe was drinking.
The more he drank, the louder and ruder he became. Also, his judgment, which was ordinarily not the greatest anyway, was becoming less grounded. This could work for the captives or against them.
They dismounted, and William cast a glance to Risen. Perhaps he meant it would soon be the right time. Perhaps this would be the opportunity they were looking for if Yeorathe continued to drink, and it looked as though he might.
Lets camp, William offered almost cheerily to Yeorathe. We are in no hurry and have scarcely enjoyed respite from the sail. My head still swims as though at sea, and I crave a campfire. He gestured to the massive ledge beyond. And that is simply a stretch Ive no desire to tackle half in the bottle. Laughing heartily, he raised his own flask as though he was also well on his way.
The other men echoed his sentiment loudly, and it was hardly a task to persuade Yeorathe that to venture farther was simply out of the question.
William hissed at Risen beneath his breath as he secured them beneath a tree, Be quiet, for he will become more agitated as he drinks. I dont want to draw you into a fight we are not prepared to win. Mind me, he cautioned. Motioning over his shoulder toward Yeorathe with a flip of his chin, he handed Risen his water flask, then fairly ignored them for some time.
Before long a fire blazed even though the early evening was very warm. From the panniers was pulled goat meat and more ale, and the revelries escalated. A short distance away, Risen sat in the dried grass, Sylvies head in his lap as she rested. She seemed so tired these last few days, as though she needed to sleep most of the time. He took a stray lock of her hair and lifted it behind her ear so that he could better see the profile of her face.
Her eyelashes fluttered and her eyes opened. She moaned softly as she turned onto her back and looked into Risens eyes. He noticed for the first time the hollow of her cheeks, the paleness of her lips.
Are you hungry? he asked. I have some nuts. I saved them from when we were on the boat. And you should drink some water.
She smiled, and her eyes sparkled. That, he decided, hadnt changed at all. The brightness of her eyes was something that would never change, no matter what.
Lets share, she said sweetly and, with modest effort, pushed herself up to sitting. The leg brace was long gone, having been forgotten on the ship.
They nibbled the nuts together, and Risen watched and waited as the festivities amongst the men continued to grow as the evening wore on. His eyes became heavy and, somehow, he dozed, his arms around her.


CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN


When Risen awoke, it was a beautiful evening. The sky was a pale blue, and the moon, full and yellow, peeked from between the stand of trees like earths lazy lover. He thought it was much larger than hed ever before seen it, almost as though it had rolled onto the edge of the distant woods and was coming for them. It occurred to him that itd been nearly two months since he last saw the moon.
Kicking more upright, he struggled to get his wits about himself. Tonight, he thought, would be the perfect night for them to orchestrate their escape, for Yeorathe, he was certain, would be drunk. So, when someone else other than the Englishman came for him, he was confused.
At first, Risen refused to gorefused to leave Sylvie alone on the edge of the encampment. Send the Englishman. He held his ground. Send William.
The man, a wiry, mid-aged fellow with more gum than teeth, laughed heartily. Were just having some fun with you. Youll be back to your little bitch before you know it.
This set Risen entirely on edge, and he was just about to refuse a second time when the man chuckled as though sharing a great secret, We know your weakness. Oh yes, we know. Weve watched you today. The girlshes your Achilles heel.
The man grabbed at his own crotch and yanked, his gaping maw as awful as anything Risen had ever seen. To make matters more sobering, the man drew in a flash one of those peculiar swords and leveled it at Sylvies face. He stabbed at her, alarmingly close as he exclaimed to them both, much more soberly than Risen believed he really was, Resist me, and Ill stick her good! Take those pretty eyes out of her head. Ill do it!
Risen feared the man would injure her with his carelessness. Stop! PleaseI will give you no trouble. Justplease, lower the blade.
This was not, however, what he thought. William or no William, he intended to flay this man to his very heart, if the opportunity arose. His blade had remained in his boot long enough, and he decided that he and Sylvie were too long gone from the lovely French countryside. It was time to make a moveto go home or die trying.
But though his intentions were strong, he would not yet have his knife, for he remained bound as the man dragged him closer to the fire to join the group who were gathered around it in varying stages of relaxation. They laughed heartily, calling him the Janissary pup. Hed never heard these words before and wasnt at all sure what was meant by it. He looked for William, but he was nowhere to be seen.
What do you want from he began to ask, but Yeorathe silenced him with a tremendous bellow.
Be still slave! He drew a fist across his slobbering lips before adding, You will speak when I wish you to! He was reclined and raised himself onto one elbow as Risens bonds were released.
The boy rubbed his wrists, calloused from days on end of bondage. The men pressed him closer to the fire, forming a loose semicircle around him.
Yeorathe continued as though preaching to his congregation. They say you are worth more than the others. His wrist flopped in a disjointed fashion as he went on. They told me that you are special, that you have the heart to be Devsirme.
I dont know what that
Before he could finish, Risen was struck from behind by the man with the gaping maw, the one who knew his secret. Stumbling forward, he fell. His hands nearly landed in the fire, and a stray coal burned into his right palm. Scrambling backward, he struggled to regain his feet but was kicked on the back of the knees by the same lout before he could fully regain his balance.
Again, down he went, this time to his knees, and there he stayedeyes wide, scanning the men around him. Did they mean to kill him? Is that what Devsirme wasa ridiculous ritual of a young mans death?
One of the men called, Let us see the wit of such a smart lad as this! Let us see his cunning!
Yes! A test, a test! another called in excitement. Let us put him through his paces before he is sold!
There was a general amount of laughter and animated discussion that took place around the boy. The merriment faded, and Yeorathe pushed himself to sitting.
Ive disputed your worth, though the Englishman insists you will fetch better coin than the others did. I will be rid of you, but first He indicated behind Risen.
Risen struggled a second time and regained his feet, craning to see behind himself. There, being half led and half dragged through the cluster of men and into the inner circlewas Sylvie.
No! Risen called out then repeated himself. No, dont involve her! This test is for me alone!
Ah, but it isnt for only you. Yeorathe pushed his massive frame to one knee. You see, it was you who bid us bring the child with us. Now, her fate is woven ever so magnificently into yours.
Sylvie was silent, but Risen thought hed never seen her look so pale. Her eyes were enormous in her face, her cheeks drawn, lips grey and grimly set. Her blond hair hung in heavy ringlets about her face and almost appeared to be too much for her to carry. She was the very definition of a waif, and Risen suddenly believed that she was dying.
Leave her be, he hissed. There is nothing to gain from harming her except that I will kill you.
And how would you orchestrate that? Yeorathe howled at the notion of it. Then he became much more serious, the humor gone from his eyes. Tell me, noble one, how you mean to control your destiny now. His countenance was evil; blackness was all there was where he should have a heartof this Risen was certain.
A man might look for a day, even years, to discover a reason to live, but give him an ounce of necessity, and he can drag an enemy with him to deaths door in a single step, Risen quoted his father.
Yeorathe scowled, and he seemed much less amiable than he was moments before. Who told you such a thing?
My father, he said coldly.
Your father was a fool.
Risen knew, without doubt, that Yeorathe was a monster. At long last hed identified the beast and knew exactly what to do. Consequently, he stood his full height in front of the wretched man and did just as Ravan taught him to do. He took his own fear, turned it first into his heart and then into his head, and used it instead to discover the monsters weakness.
He could see it now, see it awash on Yeorathes face. It was complacencyfoolish, ignorant pride. His power was a mytha trickand these men were ignorant enough to be fooled by him. Risen knew then that to defeat him he must simply expose the fraud. And now, with all eyes on him, it was his last chance.
My father is Lord of the Ravan Dynasty and has sent your troops running, scattered like the dogs that they are. Andhe is coming for you, for all of you. Risen ran his gaze over cluster of men.
There were a few chuckles but, halfhearted, they faded away.
There is a reason no one can defeat my father, have you not heard? Risen was utterly sincere, and it was working. He is not mortal. Cross him and you will see the face of death. But if you chance to survive, he indicated Yeorathe now, as this one did, do not sleep with both eyes shut, for he is a bloodthirsty phantom. He will find you when you least expect it, and it will be a very bad death.
Risen meant to rattle the men, draw Yeorathe closer to himself. Thenhe meant to kill him with his blademonster killer. The blade finally had its name and begged to be used.
Yeorathe was immediately on his feet.
There was a great deal of confusion, and one of the men asked, What is this magic the boy speaks of? He looked at Yeorathe but pointed to Risen. What evil do you draw to us?
He lies! the toothless one exclaimed for all of them. He is a liar; I can see it!
Perhaps Yeorathe remembered the night at the inn when the mysterious, dark mercenary had so easily left them undone. The wicked mans countenance sobered even more.
Risen was fearless. You have invited death to visit you; God have mercy on your souls.
What he could not see was how extraordinarily he looked like his father just then. He could not know how much he resembled a fourteen year old boy whod leapt from an inn many years before, giving an entire band of men the chase of a lifetime through a dark, winter forest.
One of the menan obvious warriorstepped forward. Who are you? I must know.
Yeorathe began to object, but the man held up a hand to the one-eyed barbarian. You will have your way, but first I must know of the infidel youve brought to our land.
The others mumbled their agreement, and Yeorathe was forced to hold his tongue as Risen spoke.
My father was condemned to die in prison. On the night before his execution, he was visited by a mana holy man.
The men were silent as they listened intently and leaned in as Risen continued his tale.
Hed only ever seen this man once before, on the day of his birth.
An urgency overtook the ranks as they hearkened to the quiet narration of the boy.
Enough of this! Yeorathe commanded. Then, to Risen, Your tale makes no sense, and I weary of it!
Ignoring his threat, for Risen was fast chipping away at the monsters complacency, he continued. The holy man was my fathers brotherhis twin. After only one night together, after sharing their tales with each other, my uncle went to the gallows in my fathers stead.
Gasps and murmurs rose amongst the men, but Risen went on before he could be interrupted. It was a perfect sacrifice. My father was a free man. He believes my face to be that of his brothers.
You mean to say? one of the soldiers exclaimed.
I am my uncle risenI am Risen. It is my name and who I am. He stared at Yeorathe alone. It is destiny.
By now, dusk was fallen, and the firelight lit the stand of trees in an eery way, the gnarled trunks trussing the canopies like a legion of timbered warriors. There was an awkward silence amongst the men, almost a reverence, which only seemed to infuriate Yeorathe more. His pride stung at him, bit at his heels. His control was fracturing, and he sneered, But where is your great father now?
Kill me, sell me, do your worst. It will not matter. My father is fast approaching. You will never be free. Risens eyes passed over all of them. And he has condemned all of you. He raised his hand to point a finger at Yeorathe.
It seemed the men were of mixed feelings whether they should believe the prisoner or not. He was, after all, a foreigner on sacred soil. But was he not to be sold to the Janissary? Didnt Yeorathe and the Englishman see something special about him, that he was worthy to die for the Sultan?
Just then William rode up. Hed been on perimeter scout and was fairly surprised at the proceedings. What is going on here? Why are the prisoners front and center? He swung from his horse and strode up to Sylvie, removing her from the grasp of the man who held her.
Silence! Yeorathe commanded, his eyes narrowing suspiciously, and he turned his anger on William. You insult me, with your deceit and foreign tongue! You knew he seethed and took a step in Williams direction.
Knew? Knew what? William spat back.
You knew the boys father would come for us! You knew that he was here. That is why youve so intently kept the boy alive! Why? He began to draw his sword. Do you wish Ravan to spare you? Have you bartered with him for your own profit? For your own life? Yeorathe was advancing on Sylvie and William. Have you bargained with his father?
The one-eyed madman was working himself into a substantial rage with his accusations, and the others were becoming increasingly stirred up as well. Whatd started as a carefree evening on a happy path home was swiftly turning into something entirely different.
William was fairly taken by surprise by the sudden accusations and focused instead on Risen. You told them? You told them of your father? His expression begged the boy to follow the ruse.
Risen understood but said nothing.
And the girl? Is she important? one of the men interrupted urgently.
She William looked at Sylvie. she is the girl the boy loves. Harm her and you will as sincerely have harmed his son.
Sylvie held Risens gaze, reached a thin hand toward him.
All of these proceedings were enough to create a significant stir amongst everyone present. The dreaded mercenary whod thoroughly trounced an army, whod sent Yeorathe seven sails to the wind, was pursuing them!
Things were going bad very fast. The horde regarded William as theyd not done before, with his pale eyes and his light hair. He was Englisha Christianand swiftly becoming their enemy. He was a foreigner on their land, an infidel!
Paranoia wrapped around the band of men in a very peculiar way, in a fashion that could only happen to truly wretched souls. Their dispositions writhed like a nest of snakes, snapping at their own tails. Sylvie was yanked from Williams grasp as several men wrestled her away from him and held him at bay.
Risen yelled, He lies! William did not know! Ive told no one until tonight, I swear!
Yeorathe considered this carefully before approaching the boy. You will be tested to see if you speak the truth. Then, you will be soldif you survive.
The children were both dragged to the edge of the fire and forced to kneel next to one another. William was held behind Yeorathe, standing and held at saber point. He continued to appeal to the monster and the other men.
Dont do this! It is a mistake! You invite Gods wrath if you harm them!
His was a tirade of reason but seemed to gain no attentions from the rest. His cause was lost, and he was largely ignored.
Yeorathe, in the meantime, was setting into play the test and was fast gaining approval from the mob. He gestured dramatically.
We will see if he is indeed the son of the legend, Ravan!
Into the fire he stabbed two blades. When they smoked with the heat, he drew one from the fire and held it up for all to observe. The tip glowed a brilliant orange. He spun slowly in a theatrical display for all to see.
The children were pulled to their feet. Approaching Risen, Yeorathe explained the terms of the test, giving him an option. Into your eye with it, or into hers. If you have the courage to do this, perhaps your father is as great as you claim, and we should free you. 
There were murmurs of agreement, and this bolstered Yeorathe. Choose, or all will know that your epic tale is simply a myth, a fabrication of lies. He was evidently convinced Risen was unable to follow through and tossed the blade onto the ground at his feet.
No! William commanded from behind Yeorathe. The guards had loosened their grips on him, but he remained at saber point. This is insanity; you hurt yourselves if you harm him! I can promise you this! 
His argument remained one of futility. There was just enough alcohol and psychosis amongst the men to make the test much more reasonable than anything the Englishman might toss their direction.
As Risen neglected to pick up the blade, Yeorathe drew from the fire the other blade.
Blind her! Blind her now, or I will take her hand, he snarled.
Grasping Sylvie, Yeorathe pulled her to the center of the group of men, directly in front of Risen. Holding her arm outstretched, he raised the weapon above his shoulder, prepared to slice down at any moment.
Blind her, I say. Pick up your blade, or I will cut her to pieces as you watch!
No! Risen cried, but when it appeared Yeorathe would harm her, Please, he begged. I will, just He appealed to Yeorathe as though broken, allowing his shoulders to sag and his head to fall. I will. Justjust let me.
He reached for the saber as though he would do as he was told. It lay on the ground by his right foot. Down his hand went, down toward his right knee. Then, in one swift move, he had not the saber but his own knife in his hand. It was just as his father had said it would be. The knife was his friend, his first in command, and much more familiar than the saber that lay at his feet. He lunged for Yeorathe.
Risen might have mortally wounded the man except for what happened next. Yeorathe meant to bring his blade down just then, to take Sylvies arm from her, but William launched himself from behind the awful leader, taking a severe cut to the arm from one of the men as he did.
He leapt just as Risen did and, not a small man himself, collided full into Yeorathe, knocking Sylvie and Risen aside in the process. Risens blade connected with Yeorathe, swept across the wrist of the monster, but the boy dropped his blade in the skirmish.
William took the Turk down hard. Into the fire they crashed and rolled, kicking cinder and flame everywhere as they fought. Mayhem ensued.
The man with the gaping maw went for Risen but was surprised to be met by a boy wielding a sword. Risen had snatched up the one that lay on the ground. Another man surprised Risen, however, catching him up from behind, encircling his arms about his waist.
The man cheered. I have him! and lifted the boy off the ground.
Two fisted, Risen swung the unfamiliar blade in a wide arc, right to left, flipping his wrist and pulling the weapon just over his own head as he completed the tight circle. He dropped his chin as he did so he would miss himself as the blade passed.
Into the mans neck the saber drove. It was a superb move, one Ravan had insisted he learn and one theyd taken days to perfect. Risen felt the mans grip loosen, and he twisted, breaking free.
He was next hit by gaping-maw man, and down he went, his sword thrown from his reach as the attacker fell hard on top of him. Still, he did not see his knife. All the while, William and Yeorathe were flailing away at one another.
Yeorathe clawed his way free long enough to snatch up a loose saber. Instead of turning it on William, however, he went for Sylvie, evidently intent upon venting his rage on an innocent one, killing her instead.
Catching Yeorathe just in time to trip him, William leapt, sweeping Sylvie close to himself with one arm. He held her tightly in front of himself so that no other might harm her, and pulled his own sword to defend her. The blood from the wound on his arm ran down his fingers and onto the chest of the girl.
The Englishman was an extraordinary swordsman. Risen could not know that Yeorathe had witnessed the soldiers skills both on and off the battlefield, and so the Turk hesitated as though not certain he was willing to engage William any further.
Risen spied all of this from the corner of his eye, for his face was pressed into the dirt as the man pummeled on the back of his head with his fists.
That was when he first heard itthe howllike a pack of wolves charging from somewhere in the trees. Suddenly, everything seemed to move in an absurdly slow motion, for as William held Sylvie tight, he stiffened, his eyes wide with alarm. It was so queer how the Englishman just stood there, staring first at Sylvie then at his chest. From it, just above Sylvies head, just about where the Englishmans heart would be, protruded the tip of an arrow.
Williamss eyes blinked slowly as the dark stain of blood poured down the front of his shirt.
NOOooo! Risen screamed.
The rain of fists on his head ceased, and he rolled out from under his assailant. There, from the center of the mans head, protruded another arrow. Risen ran to Williams side just as Sylvie slipped from the Englishmans grasp.
A band of horsemen was charging down on them from the distance, through the twisted stand of trees. Sylvie dropped to the ground next to William and sobbed.
No! She cried, her hands searching the mortal wound on Williams chest as though she might stop the bleeding. It was just as it had been with her father, the arrow so small, so seemingly insubstantial, so deadly.
Confusion continued, for the advancing thundering of horses feet was nearly upon them.
Your father, William sputtered as he lay on his side. Im certain of it. He smiled weakly at the two children. You will be free.
It was truethe arrow tip was Ravans. Risen recognized the barb and looked up to try to pick his mercenary father out of the band of horsemen that thundered across the small meadow to their encampment.
The prophecy was complete. Ravan, in all his fury, was here at last. The other two of Yeorathes group, scattered, giving up the fight.
Sylvie cried and wrapped her arms around the Englishmans neck. She stroked his cheek. William, Im so sorry! He was fading.
Dont be, he sputtered. I have wanted thisfor many years. You gave me the strength he struggled, to do something about it.
The Englishman coughed and reached a bloody hand to her face and murmured one last word, just before he died. Eleanor
William, Sylvie, covered in his blood, sobbed, but the chaos allowed no time to indulge her broken heart, for Risen was instantly snatched from where he knelt next to her.
It was Yeorathe. Clutching the sickled saber to Risens throat, he backed away, toward the narrow, stone trail behind them. He stared hatefully at the man hed met twelve years before, his one, unbelieving eye a hollow hole to his wicked black soul.
Follow, and I will kill him! Yeorathe bellowed as he held Risen fast and continued to back away from the band of men.
Ravan held up his hand, and behind him his men halted their horses. In one swift move, he had an arrow drawn. His targetthe monster who held his son.
Release him. Release him or you will die poorly, Ravan commanded, his deep voice echoing through the sudden quiet. All that could be heard was the crackling of the fire, the snorting of tired horses, and the coarse breathing of the captured boy.
I will kill him and drag him to hell with me, Yeorathe snarled, his blade pressed hard against Risens throat, a trickle of blood running down the boys neck. He lifted Ravans son off the ground as he held him, peering over the shoulder of his young, human shield.
Take him, Velecent encouraged Ravan as his horse stepped nervously in place, but Ravan was perhaps not entirely sure he could. What ifwhat if

*  *  *

Yeorathe dropped Risen, his face a mask of surprise. The boy fell away and spun, surprised to have been released, his hand to his throat. Everyone froze, unsure exactly what had transpired. The most surprised of all was Yeorathe. His mouth opened in a wretched, sickening snarl as he staggered first, then fell hard, face down onto the ground, his skull crunching against a rock as he landed. In his back stuck the blade, Risens blademonster killer
Sylvie teetered beyond, hands clasped in front of her, tears staining her beautiful cheeks, Williams bloody handprint marking her own heart. She felled the demon, freed the boy she loved. Into Yeorathes back shed plunged the blade.
Letting go a single sob, Sylvie collapsed just as Risen reached her.

*  *  *

The Red Raven drifted from her slip as Samuel tossed the last lanyard to the docks. Salvatore was at the helm, father and son stood side by side on the foredeck.
There, four ships down, rested the slave vessel. Wordlessly, Risen mimicked his father, dipped the tip of his arrow into the smoldering tar bucket and seated it onto the rest of his bow. Together they drewtogether they let go.
Risens arrow flew aloft and found the coiled up sails of the aft mast of the Virgin Wolf. Ravans slipped through an open hatch and smoldered in the coiled up rigging while all attentions were directed at the burning sails. By the time the arrow below caught, by the time someone noticed the fire, it was too late.
Down the Virgin Wolf went. The harbor militia pushed the burning ship from its mooring and it sunk, not thirty meters out. Demetrios, drunk in his cabin, went down with the ship. The small, black boy whod coveted a lock of Sylvies hair leapt overboard and swam to shore. Shrugging, he disappeared into the market, off to seek a different fortune for himself.
So you would make me run, Salvatore grinned. I will never be welcome in Antalya again.
Ravan nodded toward the harbor militia who were just now positioning themselves as though they suspected the Red Raven of foul play. I suppose that is right. ButI know of a ship they cannot possibly catch.


CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT


You were on the edge of a cliff. A nine year old Risen was animated with excitement, stabbing at the fire with a stick.
I wasand with nowhere else to go, his father admitted.
It was amazing, what you did! The trapsthe deceptionall so perfect! Duval and his men must have been so angry!
Ravan shrugged. I was fourteen years old with all the belief that I could survive and, if not, die on my own terms.
The boy stopped stabbing at the fire and peered at his fathers dark face, so brooding and strong as he gazed into the night sky.
Was that wrong? To believe you could have beaten them? Survived it? his son wondered.
Ceasing his study of the stars, Ravan turned to face Risen, leaning on his elbow. He seemed to take a long time, to look very deeply into the eyes of his only son. What do you think? It was a sincere question, not at all sarcastic.
Risen thought for a moment, glancing down as he did. I think the will to live is strong.
His father said nothing only waited.
The boy continued, I think the will to die well is even stronger, to die on your own terms, as you say.
This prompted a smile from Ravan, rare though it was. It spread across his face, and Risen glanced up in time to see it and wonder at what a splendid face it was, scars and all.
The smile subsided, and Ravan replied, his voice wonderfully deep and rich to his son, Yes, that is exactly it. You are a manblood and bone. There is only so much you can do to affect the strength and purpose of it. But your death he stared at the fire, that is something you can affect the purpose of entirely, no matter how dire, no matter how grim your fate might seem.
Now it was Risens turn to smile. I like that. Itsgood.

*  *  *

Sylvie returned to France with Risen, and they were married that summer. Her beautiful heart was one day finally too weak to carry her soul any farther, and she died in the fall, cradled by the young man who loved her more than anything.
They buried her on the castle grounds in a lovely little meadownext to William. Salvatore had orchestrated bringing him home. Hed burned the body and collected the ashes before they left Turkey. The Englishman would forever be with the young beauty who freed him, who helped him to live again.
Curiously, a sparrow lit on Risens shoulder as he laid flowers upon Sylvies grave. It looked at him solemnly with its bright, black eyes for only a moment, then it flew away. Salvatore thought it was a good sign.
Ravan pulled from his pocket a small bag of earththe very earth he took from Datas grave so long agoand handed it to his son. Risen sprinkled the soil onto the fresh grave of his love, and it was there that wildflowers grew in the spring.


EPILOGUE

One year later

Risen stood in the middle of the small arena just west of the stables. He held in his right hand a long whip that pointed to the ground. His other hand was open, his arm extended to the left. Around him, in a circle, loped the yearling colt, tossing its face and bucking for a few lengths before slipping back into the beautiful stride that ate ground like a monstrous rocking chair.
Leaning against the gate, Ravan watched his son lunge the horse. Beyond the technical aspects of what the boy was doing, there was something else happening between the pairsomething that was more than a human training a horse. His sons gestures inspired in the colt something willing, something playful and alive. The two had a magnificent symbiosissomething that he had with the black Destrier stallion. It was magic.
The horse had no name as of yet. Sylvie had loved the foal, called him sweet boy but never actually name it, said only that she would think about it.
Smiling, Ravan continued to watch, content just to observe his son and the colt grow together. Risen was nearly fourteen now, and Ravan saw in his son, more as the days went by, something of himself. He was surprised to feel a small hand slip into his, and turned to see Niveus staring up at him.
Niveus, what is it? Is everything all right?
His daughter seldom stepped into the light of day and almost never when the sun shined. Today, the sky was a brilliant, clear blue.
Risen named the colt today. She peered at her brother and the foal.
What? Did he, now? When Niveus said nothing, he added, I know hes struggled with a name. But he cant keep calling it horse forever, now can he?
He smiled down at his daughter, but Niveus only continued to stare at her brother and the beautiful beast that ran in lazy loops around him.
Ravan leaned down and kissed her on the fairy wisps of hair that seemed to swirl perpetually wild around her face. It was a very personal task for Risen. Did he tell you what name he chose?
No, she replied curtly, then just as simply added, The horse is named Alerion.
Alerion? But if he did not tell you, how do you know this?
Alerion, Niveus repeated the word. It was her favorite name. She would have named their son that one day, if shed lived.
Somewhat alarmed, Ravan leaned down close to his daughter and took her by her shoulders. Son? What? Niveus, of whom do you speak? He was thoroughly perplexed by her.
Sylvie.
Sylvie?
Yes. She told me.
Niveus, when did Sylvie tell you this? He shook her gently, urgently.
This morning, she explained calmly before turning and walking back toward the castle without even bidding her father goodbye.
Ravan watched his daughter walk away, wondered at the mystical complexities that he and Nicolette had created in this strange, beautiful child. He loved herloved her as much as he ever loved anyone, but Niveus was as incomprehensible as the path of a star. He watched until she disappeared into the castle then turned to regard his son.
Itd been a long year and a very sad time for all of them after Sylvie died. Risen never regretted chasing after his love, finally bringing her home, but he struggled greatly with the loss of her. It changed himchanged him in an eternal way that only such a tragic event could.
Now the boy understood his father completely, comprehended the expression that sometimes crossed Ravans face, realized why his heart was so imperfect on some days.
For the longest time Ravan worried his son would not come around. It broke his heart to see him sitting for endless, winter days in the dormer of a castle window, one leg dangling, inviting what may. He knew the feeling, had gone to that dark place himself several times before.
Nicolette believed they should just give him time, and Ravan trusted her about this. Curiously, it was Niveus who reached out to her brother. When he sat, only wishing to be alone, there she would be, leaning against a wall in the shadows behind him. She never spoke to him, never invaded his privacy in that way, only stayed close by. It was enough that Risen knew she was there.
The winter days came and went, and little was seen of the young man around the castle grounds. Eventually, as spring approached and the warm breath of the season spread over the realm like salve onto a wound, Risen could be seen stirring, embracing again the ebb and flow of life.
Now, nearly a year after Sylvies death, Risen stopped lunging the yearling colt. Ravan could not help but be amazed how much his son had grown in the last year. His voice was deepening even more, and he could see by the way he moved the warrior he would soon be.
Risen approached his father, smiling as he led the beautiful creature across the pen. It pranced even though sleek with sweat on this late summer day. Nipping at the elbow of its young handler, Sylvies horse pulled its nose away at just the right moment, only to plunge in for another playful stab. The yearling was a display of mischievous cleverness if ever there was one, and Risen beamed. Hed grown to love the colt dearly.
Ravan laughed but couldnt help asking as his son approached. So, have you named this smart, young fellow yet?
I have, Father. Just today. And I think you will like it. Risen grinned broadly. His name is
Alerion.

THE END


Did you enjoy RISEN? You can Pre-order NIVEUS HERE!

Thank you for reading RISEN.
If you liked my book, wont you please take the time to leave me a review at your favorite retailer? I wish you to know how sincerely I appreciate you. 
~Sharon Cramer~


Other Books by Sharon Cramer
THE EXECUTION
THE CERULEAN STAR: LIBERTY
The Cerulean Star: SARTEK (Coming Soon)
NIVEUS (Coming Soon)
Just an American Girl (Coming Soon)


ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Sharon Cramer is the author and illustrator of the award-winning, three picture book series, Cougar Cub Tales.She is also the author and illustrator of the Book of the Year Finalist, childrens picture book, Marlow and the Monster, and is currently working on a new young adult series calledThe Cerulean Star. Sharons first novel, The Execution, was released in February of 2012. RISEN is the sequel. NIVEUS will be the third book in the series, out in 2015.
Cramer lived throughout the United States before coming to Washington State. Long settled in the Pacific Northwest, she says she will stay, Because I love how beautiful it is, and the crazy weather patterns lend themselves to creative writing!
It is in Spokane, Washington that she lives and writes. She is married and has three grown sons.

Connect with Sharon
Follow Sharon on TWITTER
Friend Sharon on FACEBOOK
Subscribe to Sharons BLOG
Favorite Sharon at SMASHWORDS



Sharon 2014

