
UNDER WRAPS
By
Casey Ringer

(Keenan Verzuh)

Smashwords Edition
Copyright  2014 Casey Ringer
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

Editing by: 
www.editingfairy.com


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.



When a tabloid writer is assigned to dig some dirt on an A-list movie star, she ends up digging too far - and quite possibly her own grave

Table of Contents
UNDER WRAPS
**"Mint, wait is it julep or Jewlip?"**
**The Beginning**
**The Scoop**
**"Shim Shim Sharoo"**
**"Test Driv(h)er"**
**Ivy at the Bore**
**"Milk My Mocha"**
**Human Society**
**Ungrateval**
**"Test Driv(h)er"**
**"A Little Off The Top"**
**"Cattle Pro(u)d"**
**Getting Ready**
**Wrap Party - (but drop the "W" and stick an "E" on the end!!!)**
**springfling@killyoursexlife.bomb**
**Dinner with Dave** aka **Gofer Dave: Part II !!!**
**The Dinner**
**Business & Pleasure/ Club MANhatTRAN**
**Behind Bars**
**The Real Wrap Party**

UNDER WRAPS
My pretty face once kissable, now kissed, has been lifted more times than a public dumbbell. Face-lifted, that is. My lips are plump, swollen, and tight. At least, they are NOW! Before, they sagged like the backside of a seasoned porn star who had been shooting Alien Encounters, Attack on Uranus, for three straight weeks.
So I've had some work done Sue me!!!
In a few weeks, no one will even know. I'll slip back into subtlety  though my looks are far from subtle. Or so I've been told through free drinks and white-buffed teeth.
My recently wretched nose will settle. The cartilage will become soft and pliable, and my scalpel slits  carved out like smiles under each breast  will mellow. That couldn't happen sooner, under-boob bumps are pretty much THEE WORST.
It's a manufactured sort of beauty, but what isn't these days?
Judge me, go ahead. Fix yourself a nice Hot-Judge-Sundae. I would have.
"Look at that chopped-up soccer mom. She's double stitched just like her Louis-Vee," might have said the old, youthful me. I never thought plastic surgery was an option, and definitely not one that I'd endure more frequently than taking out the trash  kidding, this is California; I have maids for that. That's awful, and I'm completely kidding, but, sadly, I do have a maid for that.
Point is: I'm a living, breathing hypocrite; and over the years, it played out like this:
My twenties: "I'll never go under the scalpel I mean, like, how vain? There's cleft palates and blah-blah-blah and people are ELECTING to cut their faces no thank you. Can you say sacrilegious?!"
My thirties: "I'll never go under the scalpel unless it's for something small, like narrowing the bridge of my nose  I mean, I DO have a deviated septum, it's totally plausible; but, like, I don't need it right now."
My forties: "I'll never go under the scalpel twice in one month. THAT'S how people die. Grow up and space out your appointments."
My current motto: Stuff me like a spring ham and tuck it all behind the ears.
WHAT I DIDN'T KNOW
Is that plastic surgery turns into an awful, vicious cycle. Like a snake eating its tail, it really takes its toll. The Percocet, the Oxy, the Hydro-what-have-yous, not only pick the meat of your brain like you were preening with a steak knife, but they give your face a real once-over, too.
Painkillers tend to suck south.
They bloat your eyes and yellow your skin.
So back under the blade you go, just to stay current. You're slit and pulled tight (again), then given more of the little suckers who threw a block party on your face in the first place.
Maybe I'm addicted to the process as a whole. Am I addicted to elective surgery? Why? Is it the Valium drip? Or the pulsating socks to keep circulation in your feet?
I don't think that's it. I mean, I get more of a kick from Demerol than I could from a five-dollar foot massage at the mall on Christmas.
You know the dirty little trick of Saran Wrap on the toilet seat? I feel like that. Tightened with no wrinkles. Only people still see me, and I still get pissed on.
I don't mean I literally get pissed on. I have a dark sense of humor. You'll get used to it, don't worry. And if you don't suck it.
Stop reading.
It won't matter.
You'll read about me some way or another.
My name is Casey Ringer. I'm a forty-something, single mom, with a brand new SLR in my garage, no foreseeable mortgage payment on my house in the Hollywood Hills and, yet, here I am, robbing a Walgreens.
How in the fuck did I get here???
I guess I DO have time 'til the cops arrive, blaring blues and reds as they sight me with both eyes and a finger on the trigger. So I might as well tell you, right?
Shall we begin?
**"Mint, wait is it julep or Jewlip?"**
What do you even wear to a derby party? I mean, where do I begin? I asked myself as I spread-eagled my closet doors and started my search. Without a doubt, my furs are out. That's for sure. If I wrap up in a mink, it'll look like horse-mane, and then it's just a matter of time  and too many mint juleps  before some prick thinks I'm his stead and mounts me.
I shook my head, as if physically shaking out the thoughts was a real option. They didn't leave. I continued planning for the worst
The guys at this party will all think they're hot shit. They'll all be coked out. Might as well be jockeys. Half of them will be "trying thespians" and we all know most actors can't even ride a roller coaster (they're shorter than a double-yard stick). Tom Cruise clocks in at five-foot-six, or so I've heard.
So
With their egos firmly in place, these "actors" will avoid the jockey topic entirely. They'll take their pre-worn boots from Double RL and put them back in the closet where their sex lives and forty other pairs of shoes live  and end up wearing Converse.
Which translates to "Hey, I got Jon Varvatos in the back of my Mercedes 500, but I can still be blue collar."
Ugh Hollywood parties are THEE WORST. They're filled with metro men who pre-fray their jeans. And thanks to Freddy Mercury (R.I.P.) every guy (gay or straight) has a mustache comb  the gays for their actual mustaches, and the straights so they can hedge their eyebrows to a manageable thickness.
IT IS DISGUSTING.
They don't go to yoga to limber up; it's so they can get an even tone like Ryan Reynolds, and boy, is that a lost cause. The man's a statue. The marble man.
Shit, where was the party again? Malibu? Somewhere in the Hills? Maybe Studio City? I asked myself as I pulled out a mid-drift red blouse and my favorite butt-cupping jeans. My outfit lying dead on the bed, I taped my chin in wonder
If the party is in the Hills, I'll likely have a strong climb; and if I wear heels (and forgo easy shoes) then I'll need to purse a pair of nylons, because if it's where I think it will be, the walk-up is Italian Rhine, and that shit tears through nylon like moths on meth; but, if it isn't stone, then likely, it'll be cobbled, in which case, heels are totally out and, naturally, I'll have to wear sneakers 'cause it's too cold for flip-flops; and, let's face it, it is not that kind of party.
I decided to curb the shoe quandary and take care of the bath I had running (which by then was running over). I was very fond of my tub. It took me two weeks of battle bidding on eBay to get it from an estate sale in Queens. Apparently, some rocker died in it; but let's face it, who hasn't had a rocker asphyxiate in their tub? It happens every now and then, like foreplay in prison.
I rushed into my bathroom, ready to toss towels and mop up whatever spilled over. When I opened my bathroom door, I saw Spinkle contemplating a plunge, his front paws on the edge of my tub, the water just barely out of reach, his tongue heaving, and stretching like someone who dropped their phone in the seat-crack.
Wait, hold on; back up, let's pause here.
You're probably wondering, "Who in Sam's hell is this Spinkle? And how did we go from robbing a Walgreens to getting ready for some stupid derby party??? And what is a derby party anyway? Wow, people in LA really ARE weird."
You are so right. And although this is a very important moment, I shouldn't have started here.
Dumb, dumb, dumb. I should know better. I promise I'll start being a better narrator, as of now.
Ready?
You still with me?
Okay, let's go back to the beginning.
**The Beginning**
The jump to plastic surgery wasn't a large one. I didn't even need a running start, now that I think about it. After all, I worked for one of the largest tabloids in the world. If I were cocky enough to spotlight spider veins and circle cellulite on celebs' vacation photos (like I was drawing up a play on ESPN) then I should look good myself, right?!!
You could say vanity was in my veins. At twenty-two, I started as a copywriter and quickly worked my way up. After about two years of nursing out petty crimes and digging dirt on B-list celebrities, I was promoted to "Launcher." Well, that's what they called it, anyway. And they only promoted me because I was gorgeous and could hold my own against the grab-assing corporate guys.
It was grueling. Always painted, hair done, and nails trimmed. But the pay was great and I made some close contacts with a few powerful people over the years. And after those years, I somehow weaseled my way into a share of the company before it went public and moved out West. Naturally, I gladly accepted my shares and moved with them. I was basically top rung of the masthead two more years after that.
**The Scoop**
**Editor: Charles (Something Berg or Stein,
who has time to remember really???)**
**Headwriter: Casey Ringer**
(Yay, that's me)
But, shortly after we moved into a plaza suite off Sunset and LaBrea (with an espresso-machine and marbled leg chairs in the lobby), I got pregnant.
Prego.
Full-up.
Was with child.
I only got to swipe my corporate card twice  and once was for a Bally's membership I never used  before I had to sell my shares and play mommy. But sell my shares, I did. I made out with enough to buy a house in Hollywood Hills (in cash) twelve years of primo education (for my ingrate son) and enough spending money to coast 'til, well, 'til now.
I still do freelance work from time-to-time.
When Tara Reid botched her boobs, guess who they dragged out of retirement to report it? Me. They gave me a salary (one of executive proportions), a suite at Chateau Marmont (length of stay marked TBD) and a source to contact in LA (her anesthesiologist). The source turned out suspect, as usual, but I rallied and rattled on some old friends' doors and got what I needed from a recovery nurse. The Enquirer was so impressed, they still try to swoop me away with the promise of early retirement. But I stay freelance with The Scoop  it still feels vaguely mine.
I also stayed with The Scoop because I needed some quick cash for my son's orthodontia  which that little fucker never even wore. Thus, so it goes.
But, point being, I got it done and Sharoo still calls in favors from time-to-time. Sharoo is the guy who inherited a name with a "Jr." attached to it and oil money attached to that. He's the new owner of the tabloid; and since he's taken over, business has really tanked. He treated the tabloid like his oil prospects and ran that shit straight into the ground, or so The Enquirer told me - mid-Swoop attempt.
Anyway, a few days ago, Sharoo was in desperate need of a good gossip piece and he called me. He only called me for the big stuff; little did I know just how BIG this was going to be
**"Shim Shim Sharoo"**
I was on my way to morning yoga when he called.
"Casey, you there?" he asked and, before I even had time to answer back, he followed with, "Sorry, I'm on the yacht. Reception is terrible."
I'm on the yacht. Ugh, what a douche. He was worse than guys who twirl their car keys at parties. I pictured his yacht deck shimmering like the Rolexes he wore on both wrists. The Mediterranean cased and glassy behind as two Persian girls tended to his feet.
I've been on his yacht a few times and this was normally the scenario. Plus, I could hear the giggle of girls as he talked, which confirmed he had at least two with him  no doubt, wrapped tightly around his feet like a pair of skank-y slippers. Multipurpose slippers who polished the nubs of his nails and buffed back the cuticles like overgrown weeds.
Poor girls.
At what point will they realize they are basically glorified bikini gardeners?
Realize.
Real Eyes.
Real Lies.
I decided to let it go and just answer.
"What do you want, Sharoo?"
"Oh good, you're there. I need your help on a piece. And before you say anything, just look at the pictures I emailed you. This could be huge. Maybe the biggest cover we've ever done."
I never should have done the booby piece, it opened doors and turned me into an open house; anyone could traipse in and throw me an offer. But I have to admit, I was curious and with my son grown, all I had was time.
"Continue"
"Okay, so the first picture is_____ walking___ and he looks nervous. It _______ anonymous tip ______ week ____."
He kept talking, still muffled, until I got his attention.
"Sharoo! I can't hear you. You're breaking up."
Then, I heard him yelling something fiercely Arabic in the background and the wind just stopped, "Sorry; my girls got carried away with their fanning. Anyways, what did you miss?"
"Mostly all of it," I said.
"Okay, well, about a week ago, we got an anonymous tip that Connor Weston was cheating on his wife. Which, yeah, no biggie, every A-list movie star either IS or rumored to be. So we threw it in the slush pile and didn't pay anything for it. Then, about a week ago, they send two pictures and a detailed request for payment. And I mean D E T A I L E D. They knew how much to ask for and when we should deliver by. They even added first serial rights and right of first refusal. Obviously, it's someone in the business who can't be named for whatever reason"
"And the pictures?" I asked.
"Not doctored, at least, not to my untrained eye  though they are of low quality. She only sent two out of, what she claimed, were fifteen. The first is Connor Weston walking into some room, looking nervous, and maybe a little drunk. The second is of a girl exiting that same room, looking equally frazzled. She was fixing her skirt, obviously post-sex, and looking to bail before someone caught them together."
"Did they say who the girl was?"
"NO. Real pretty. They want an up-front retainer before they tell their side of the story. But I have no stake in it, because they want to remain anonymous, and it's from a camera phone. So who knows? That's why I'd rather you looked into it."
"Whatcha gonna pay me?" I said flirtingly  as I always did when it came to the subject of money.
Moolah.
Cheddar.
Bones.
Skrilla.
Cheese.
"Asking already, huh? How about four against fifteen? But that's if it makes it to print, and what you dig up actually has merit."
Wow, that meant if my hypothetical article actually made it to print, and I knew that in some form or another it would, because I always delivered, then I would get fifteen thousand dollars for maybe a week's worth of snooping.
"Shit! Did I lose you?" he asked.
I could just see him tossing his phone to one of the girls, who catches it, sets down her bubbly and walks around the deck, heels clicking, hand held high in the air, looking for reception.
"Yeah, I'm just thinking," I told him.
"What's to think? It's an extremely kind offer."
"Sharoo. It is. It is kind. Thank you. But you know I'm retired and there's plenty of younger talent who actually have some fucks left to give. And, don't get excited, I didn't mean that literally."
"Are you sure? Isn't that kid of yours college bound? Books are NOT cheap, I just paid for two semesters and it wasn't even for me."
I assumed he was referring to the fungus filers, still playing little piggy. I bet the girls just enrolled in community college, changed the top heading to a university (one that is just above a "state school," but not quite "league") and pocketed the extra. Smart. I didn't think of it then, so I didn't bother to warn him. Who cares anyway? Extort the Saudi. I had no respect for a man who wore track jackets, but never ran.
"No, no college plans yet. He's more interested in girls and video games," I answered.
"Kinda conflicting, no? If I show any lack of endearment, the ladies strut off and flag down someone else who's rich and willing."
"Times have changed, I guess," I said, then, "thanks for the offer, Sharoo. But I've got to go. Keep in touch, ciao." I quickly hung up before he could bait me back in. Sales tactic for sure.
It was no more than a minute before he called back from a different number. He probably skipped the last phone across the ocean after I hung up. He was NOT used to rejection.
"Yes?" I answered.
"I'll throw in a car."
I let the dead air hang as I contemplated. He answered before I could, "And don't say NO because I KNOW you need one."
"What do you mean you KNOW?"
"You've leased the same model for the past three years."
"So it has character and only fifty thousand miles on it." Then it hit me, and I quickly reverted, "How do you know about my lease?"
"Because I've been paying it!!! Remember? It was a perk from the last assignment. It comes out of MY personal card, and, look, I'm fine with perks. I'll write it off as freelance, but, I don't know, maybe I'm wrong here, wouldn't it be nice if you actually freelanced for me?"
"I did The Royals piece for you. Got you a pretty, little paperweight on your desk, if I remember correctly."
"That's true," he said sounding defeated, almost pitiful.
Looking back, it was probably just an act.
But I folded at that moment, dumb me, and said, "Okay, make it a convertible and I'll look into the picture."
"Convert-able? Okay, sure. You can even pick her out. Wood grain, whatever," he paused for a second, likely pleased with himself, before adding,"and I'll forward you the pictures she sent us right now."
I remember thinking the "she" part was interesting. If the pictures were sent anonymously, how'd he figure it was a she? Probably thought it was a disgruntled ex, or the side fling Connor was allegedly fucking. I got into my car and the seatbelt warning started blaring, distracting me from further suspicions.
"What's that? Are you in your car?" he asked.
There was no need to cover. He wasn't exactly my boss.
"Ugh, ya."
"Wow, I'm very impressed you're taking this seriously."
"Oh, no, I'm not. I'm just on my way to a dealership. I'll call you when I have a price. Ciao," and I hung up.
Remember: Never show complete interest in men. Convert-able, here I come. I think I'll take something exotic. Maybe even gold, I thought, as I headed for the closest, most expensive, dealership I could find.
**"Test Driv(h)er"**
Who wouldn't want a drop top?
I mean, look, if you live in a place with actual, real life weather (when driving comes with the possibility of snow flakes zipping into your eye), then I get it. A drop top isn't a choice.
But, if you DO have the luxury of living in an over-hyped, expensive, dirty, nasty, although sunny place like Los Angeles, then a drop top is key.
That was the gist of the thoughts rolling around in my head as the salesman sauntered over. He wasn't your typical greased back, quips ready and at the hip, salesman. It wasn't that type of dealership.
"What can I do you for?" he asked as he rested his arm on the passenger side door, keeping a close eye on his cufflinks so as not to scratch the two-toned purple paint that glimmered under the display window in the morning sun.
"Three, questions" I said as I undid my seatbelt and prepared to barter, "do you have anything in a similar model  still a convertible because that is most important  and do you have it in gold?"
I was sure he did; actually, I knew he did. I walked past a loading truck on my way in and saw a gold little number parked on the top rack, yet to be unwrapped. He too knew this, I could see it in his eyes, like when someone is making a bet they know is a sure thing, but they have to play into the other side for fear of scaring them off before the money is actually laid out. Even though I was sure he knew that, he said nothing.
"So?" I prodded, waiting for an answer.
"I thought you said you had three questions, I wanted to let you finish before I jumped in with all my sales tricks." (A wink went here!).
Damn, I knew then this guy was either preened on commission, or had moved into salary quickly, or he might very well have been the owner  as usual, there was a guy's name stenciled and pasted on every corner of every license plate cover on the lot, although I forget what it was now
"You're good. My last question is do you take cards over the phone?" Before he could answer, I punctuated with, "It's a company card, which of course, I have proof of employment for and approval from the card holder."
I could see him sizing me up with his periffs (peripherals). He wasn't sizing up my breasts. No. He was looking at my ring  but not at its location. He wasn't making sure it was wrapped around the "taken" finger. He was gauging the clarity of my diamond. Was I a fraud and showboating to float a fake card? Lucky for me, I was wearing my two-carat "hearts on fire."
It was only then I noticed how attractive this man actually was. I mean, most men think right off the bat that's what we notice. He was far above average and he knew it  he was too hot not to  but that's not what I noticed. I came in wanting to get a Hummer, not wanting to give one. Okay, admittedly, that line was in bad taste, I just had to say it. It was the best sex/car reference I could muster.
Fuck you guys, it's staying.
This is my story.
Anyway, he looked up from my ring and said, "Won't be a problem." Thinking back on it, he must have either been gay or had gone ring shopping before and emerged unmarried. All were red flags to me. Brilliant and blatant red flags with text that read: Definitely not dating material!
So I stuck to business and decided not to let him stick me.
I looked at my watch and noticed it was about time for my hair appointment and I had to hurry. I took out my license, two major credit cards, and handed him my car keys (the keychain distinctly Gucci and gaudy enough to dissuade any lingering suspicions my ring didn't).
"What's your policy on unaccompanied test drives?"
He just smiled and pulled out a touch-screen walkie-talkie the size of a matchbook. The thing spit out some sounds and then a voice came on, "Gofer Dave."
"Dave," he said, "bring that gold SLR off the top rack and leave it out front, running."
"Will do," said the voice.
The sales guy beeped back on, adding, "And take the wrapping off the front interior." He looked at me and smiled, "I think we got us a drive-off."
"Love at first sight, huh, boss?" the guy volleyed back, his tone a little hesitant as if maybe he wasn't accustomed to joking with the boss, or maybe it was because he noticed I was within earshot of the device and he was on speaker.
Bold move to assume the sale, I remembered thinking. But, I had to hand it to him, he was right. I was vanity shopping. Didn't matter if the thing would only run for ten thousand miles and required high-octane racing fuel. I would've bought it anyway.
It WAS NOT my money.
It WAS a drop top.
And It came in gold.
Plus, I wanted to make Sharoo hurt a bit for how he treated those poor fungus filers.
"Draw up the paperwork, I'll be back in an hour to sign." I left him with a wink this time as I pushed out my ass, and swaggered through the front doors.
The morning sun hit me squarely in the eyes, de-dilating (is that the right word?), I mean, constricting my pupils, momentarily turning everything within my vision as black as the pavement. I could hear my new ride purring, but it was like an eclipse, I couldn't stare directly into it. It had a golden shimmer  instantly reminding me of the golden fleece from  oh, I don't remember  some Greek myth or movie, the point is: it was BEAUTIFUL.
I hopped in and got THEE URGE. The urge most women in my position would get. I instantly, positively, had to, without a doubt, first off call a less fortunate girlfriend and brag.
**Ivy at the Bore**
Look at her parking in valet, trying to be fluid and sexy when she exits  one leg oozing out the door, long and freshly shaven. She is purposely dramatizing her entrance, I thought.
She might as well have doves, ready and on reserve. I can see them fluttering out of the Range Rover behind her, dancing in air, 'til she snaps a glare at them, which reads: I'm over you! And they all explode into pink dust.
It's her favorite color, by the way. I know because she's my best friend. We were just having cocktails and I needed some quick car approval. Not really an excuse to get dolled-up, yet she did.
And what was that?
It looked like some gem  some glitzy, grossly glittery gem?  was stuck to her sunglasses. And she spray-tanned. God, what were those? They looked like the blinders you put on horses so they don't get a peripheral scare and run. That's funny because Cindy has run away from two relationships just in the past month. Not that I'm judging, I wasn't fond of ANY of them besides Steven, I suppose (at least, I think that was his name; but who can be sure?) Poor guy. She used me, and some article in Cosmo, to convince him a vasectomy was sexy. She ended up dumping him after he had a bad reaction to anesthesia and puked in her car. Puking made him human and she absolutely COULDN'T have her bobble be anything but that  a bobble. Yep, she's a trust-funder, but I love her.
I had time to think all of this before her heels hit the pavement.
Three minutes had passed before she finally strutted over and kissed me on the cheek. I just stared at her sunglasses, which naturally, she didn't take off.
"Cute. What are those? Rhinestone?"
"How'd you know? Get a table?"
Okay, She might not be the "best," but she's definitely the only.
I guess I should give you a basic run down of The Ivy. Its formal name is Ivy At The Shore, and it's basically a see-and-be-seen sort of joint. It's got country French decor, light wicker tables scattered about, with fresh flowers on each, and linen canopies shading the patrons, whose eyes are shaded by Guccis, Ray-Bans and Persols. The shades that protect them from the paparazzi sneaking in the bushes.
Side note: They act put-off when the flashes start snapping, like somehow the glare is so searing that their tuna tartar ends up well done. So put-off by the crank of focuses, that they can't even bear to finish their lobster bisque, without scoffing twice between mouthfuls. Yet, they still come. Thus it is  at least in La La Land.
And on this day, come they did; the line was out the door. Everyone wearing sunglasses and hats pulled down low.
Cindy looked at the line of people as if they were an unflushed turd. She said in an utterly disgusted tone, "Let's just get coffee next door. I really don't have the time"
**"Milk My Mocha"**
"I have more ironies in my life, than iron in my blood." Why I said that to a Starbucks barista who was taking my order, I have no idea. I think the free iTunes song of the day was "Ventilator Blues" by the Rolling Stones, and before I stomped out my last cigarette, I entered the current Starbucks with Cindy, and coughed up some lung-butter as I thought to myself, would a ventilator jack-up my utilities? Who can be certain? But, whatever the reason, I did.
"Sorry lady, that's Jamba Juice, we don't do supplements."
"Come again" I said. My hearing wasn't gone, and I fully heard him, behind the counter, with his untucked apron and chin hair.
"If you want iron, maybe try our pumpkin loaf?"
I looked at the pumpkin loaf, positioned next to the cake pops, its batter spritzered in fat, now glimmering and sweating under the heat lamp. It's all sales trickery. Abercrombie shoots all their models at meat locker temperatures because the cold sucks the skin in and shrink-wraps the muscles; giving them a tighter, more sculpted look. Dressing rooms have highly placed lights just to create harsher shadows and hide deformities. Obviously, so you look good when trying on whatever it is you're trying on.
Like dining by candlelight.
They're all marketing tools.
A sales pitch.
The cake pops were literally sprayed in fat, but despite knowing all this, I circled back around and bought one anyway. Delicious!
Cindy flagged down a table, literally, I say that because SHE DID. It was embarrassing. Some guy, his laptop tucked under his armpit, was ready to sit down, caffeine up, and crank out his masterpiece novel, Barely at arm's length, Cindy raised her arm (her skin taut from expense-accounted, paid-in-full, personal training sessions) and said, "Sorry taken."
He kind of shuffled off, clearly being the non-confrontational type. Hmmm, he showed self-control and mild humility; maybe he is writing a masterpiece, I thought.
Cindy must have caught my thought, because she rudely interrupted mine with, "Whoever carved out that god of flesh-pleasure deserves a Pulitzer."
"Who?" I asked.
"Right there, in line."
Scanning the line, I locked eyes with the so claimed "Adonis." The movie spread jumped right to mind.
"He's younger by half our age, at least. Probably graduated when Chase was a freshman."
"The young ones are so pliable, though."
"What, like silly putty? Like dumb and maneuverable, but impressionably pleasing?" I asked.
My sentence must have come out frozen because she had to thaw it out before responding. I pictured her in one of those Eskimo coats with purple fur (of course), just hacking away at the iced sentence.
Finally, after nearly a minute passed, she said nothing at all, but retreated back to suckling her coconut-water. She eventually came back up for air and said, "He's REALLY well dressed."
I looked again. It was true. I mean, his cardigan said it all. If it were a cardi and scarf combo, I'd take him for gaaaaayyyyy!!! But an open cardi and a crisp white v-neck, instead, told me he:
A) washed his whites in hot
B) washed his darks in cold
And
C) thought before he got dressed, which, to me, translated to being attentive in bed.
At the very least, he should know that a-finger-in-my-ass is hardly sexy, or rarely welcomed on a first date.
My general rule of bum is If you're comfortable enough to loan him your car, then it's welcomed.
That's my theory, anyhow. Sorry, you probably didn't need to know that. TMI.
"You can see the muscle marks through his sweater," Cindy added, snapping me out of my thoughts. Thank God, I'm slightly OCD, since getting stuck on a butt-sex tangent could be potentially scary. Maybe even fatal.
"It's kinda frilly, though. You think he's gay?"
And I instantly regretted saying it.
I just jinxed it, didn't I?
It's like Shrodinger's Cat. That's where the viewer controls the outcome of the subject by imposing a previous thought. That doesn't sound right, and I feel pretentious, but look it up, and you'll get the idea I very well may have turned this man gay.
"Wouldn't be a shocker, Casey. We are in WeHo," she caches her milk and spikes it in her purse like she's got some shrine back home.
Some homage to hydration.
A lovely bunch of coconut(s)-water.
Instantly, I think of Chase and his old dorm room bottle collection of Popov and McCormicks. So juvenile.
Now, I'm not sure how I made the leap to my next realization. It was probably one of those odd, connect-the-dot things: You know: Mars is made of red-DUST; and red-dust reminds me of CHILI-POWDER' Chilly has great BANANAS; and you know who's allergic to bandannas  DOGS!!!
Ah, so that is how I got there, because my next thought  after I looked at my watch and tuned out Cindy's hubba-hubba drivel about the coffee guy  was, Shit, I'm going to be late for volunteering at the shelter.
See? I'm not all bad, am I?
**Human Society**
Why did I decide to volunteer at the Humane Society in the first place? Who can be sure? Yeah, yeah, go ahead. Chalk it up to a pick-me-up, some excuse for a moral boost, like feeding the homeless on Christmas so you can tear into those boxes with frenzy, while your guilt goes on holiday.
I guess you could say I did it to soften my sentence. A little cushion, when they found out I robbed a Walgreens.
Yeah, subconsciously, maybe that's why I did it. At least, it doesn't stink anymore. It's still rather depressing. They just remodeled. It used to be a square building, all brick with two slat windows in front, like cat's eyes, yellowed from too much sun. Now it's a white brick igloo. Some Billy is always powerwashing the building. Even if it's winter, he's out there, gloved-up, and glistening. Okay, it's California. Maybe he isn't frosted, but I've seen him powerwashing the giant igloo a lot since I've been here. The Humane Society used to be on my way to work and I even saw him then. Poor guy. He's probably a prison pawn off  too dumb to be behind bars, but also too dumb to know you can't kiss a dog on the nose. So, instead of walking them, he just gets to spray their enclosure, ticking off time spent via community service.
V-e-r-y s-a-d, I thought, as I parked in the handicapped spot and finished my cigarette.
It feels like a Pet Smart when you first walk in, and the birds are on your left. Most of them squawk to warn of newcomers and any potential adopters and, for that matter, their only chance of NOT getting The Shot. The other birds sit submissively, their colored necks ruffled and pecked by the squawking birds. The loudest birds, naturally, rule the roost, 'til, yep, you guessed it, they get The Shot.
Why?
Because nuts aren't cheap.
Pick up some pistachios next time you go shopping. Everyone assumes birds are lifers. They sound low maintenance. If no one adopts them, who cares? Right? Wrong. As I said, nuts aren't cheap and neither is birdseed. Birds get nixed just as easily  maybe easier. For one, the cats sell quicker although their food also taxes the wallet. I'm not saying I ever witnessed it, but at some point, I bet someone saw a Sylvester and tossed him a Tweety.
And, to the right of the birds, you have reception. You'd figure a plump lady named Doris would be hunched over, her sausage-fingers slapping behind the desk, overloading inventory with Slim-Jims (slyly keying them in as: DOG TREATS) but, not the case here. Our "ruler of reception" is Cassidy. She's a freshman at Pepperdine, a soon-to-be-marine-biologist, and pretty much, a twat.
It's not enough that I have to see her twice a week, but we also frequent the same gym.
God, it's SO annoying.
She's this size four, yoga-pants-suctioned-to-her-tanned-and-thonged-ass, "I do butterfly squats in the middle of the weight room so guys with no necks and oxide veins can pump a little harder, and giggle when I jump rope, flirt for my after-workout smoothie, and somehow look sexy when I sweat" type of girl.
I hate her.
Truly, I do.
She loves everything aquatic, but us land animals, God forbid, we should impose. Eh, whatever I'll get to her later; I've got dogs to walk.
Anyway, back to our tour so, when you walk in, you have the birds on your left, Ms. Twat centered behind her desk, and to the right is the waiting room basically, a few wood benches, much like pews, and some Animal Planet posters pasted on the wall. There's still reading material, like any waiting room, these just offer discounts on gluten-free dog food (it is California) rather than a Newport ad.
Real quick, though, I have to tangent on Newports. The ads always show some group (race and gender-diversified, of course) sucking champagne on a yacht, or maybe in a limo, but either way, it's basically the farthest thing your brain clusters when thinking of a Newport cigarette. What do I think of when I think Newport?
That's easy.
Black guys and crack.
Now, that's not racist. I'm not saying the thought is exclusive. It's separate, of course. But black men, especially in LA, smoke Newports. It's true. As do crack addicts. I'll attest, there's something magical about menthol  especially in the morning. It's a real pick-me-up. Beats sniffing bath salts, right? Well, maybe not. Bath salts don't have a fiberglass buildup that cuts your lungs, forcing them to bleed over, and callus from within  lovely thought, wouldn't you agree?
I actually want a cigarette now.
I'm bad, huh???
Whatever, on to the tour. Right behind Ms. Twat, there're the double doors. They have a rubber divider (fixed airtight) between them, and two round windows, like doors for a commercial kitchen. It's airtight to keep the stink out. Before they had the divider put in, the stink was a real problem. I liked to picture it as a purple fog. The lobby is very stale when it comes to color. I pictured the purple smog slowly leaking, drifting under the doorframe, like a gas leak, only a matter of time before the room was filled and we all were asphyxiated.
Now, when the doors open, a plume rolls out, some barks escape, then, swoosh! All is hushed.
Silent and colorless in the lobby, again.
Ms. Twat tries her best to beat it back, masking it with Airwicks. There are six sockets in the main room  trust me, I've counted  and there's an Airwick fuming from each. Makes the birds crazy. Doesn't do much for the stink, though. Everything still smells strongly of urine. Today, especially. I check an Airwick; it's stocked and on full blast. So where is that stench coming from?
Maybe Casey came straight from the gym. She might be able to make sweating look sexy, but it can't smell sexy. That's for sure. Maybe she skipped a shower. Nope. She's looking annoyingly stunning, like it's date night. She's even wearing pumps. God, I hate her. Well, if it's not Casey, then I'm not sure.
There's some kid, button-mashing his Gameboy in the waiting room, buzzing on the edge of the waiting room pew, his feet dangling and never touching down. He overhears his mom bartering with Casey over a dog  I think I heard something about a Pitbull  and he instantly becomes excited, hopping down, and scurrying over. Probably forgets all about catching that Pokemon; the very Pokemon he was so excited for the one that was so exotic, so elusive to gamersthat he callused his thumbs and stayed holed-up in a tent for three days in his living room, faking the flu. At least, that's what my son did, and I recognized the Gameboy sound.
That's when I see it. There's still some dew on his seat. The kid saturated his shorts. Maintenance is fine; he is the source of the offensive odor.
God, I'm glad my baby's grown.
He couldn't pause for a pee break, but, when there's a dog involved, he casts it aside like a Snickers wrapper and doesn't think twice. Amazing.
So much passion for a puppy. Maybe the bumper stickers are right who saved whom?
Maybe, I should get a dog. God knows, I need a new running partner. That reminds me, I need to send Stacey flowers.
What kind though?
Petunias?
I mean, What says, "I'm sorry your husband tried kissing me last Christmas, but I didn't kiss back; and I'm glad you left the bastard, got the house, that foot-rejuvenation surgery and, in the process, found the cancer you're welcome can we run again?"
Well, I definitely can't send her mistletoe.
Want to know why I'm a bad person? First thing I thought (when I saw her without hair, after the chemo) was hey, now any stalker will think I'm jogging with a man, so no mace necessary.
"A dog is a BIG responsibility, James," I overhear Cassie say, leaning over the front desk, her cleavage at eye level with James, who buzzes even harder.
"I know, but I take really good care of Charzard, I feed him every day," James says, all smiles and soaked pants  ha, I knew he was playing Pokemon.
His mom leafs through some paperwork, "And you said he's part pit and what was it, Australian Shepherd?"
"That's correct."
"Well, I suppose if he's just part, our district won't have a problem." She snaps the binder shut, adding, "and he has had all his shots?"
Every shot but The Big One.
"Every single one!" Cassie beams, desperate to close the deal.
"Okay, where do I sign?" James's mom parts the Gucci, double-stitched purse, slapping at her hip, and pulls out a pen and her checkbook  it's gold, likely Monte Blanc, and her checkbook well, it's too boring to describe.
"Awwwwwesoooomme," James screams. Kid must've been deprived of a hamster 'cause he's all giddy, hopping from chair-to-chair in the waiting room, heels clicking in air.
"So glad to hear it." Cassie adjusts her cleavage, and tucks back in, what I think is, a "nipple crest" before she replies, "You really saved a life today."
I see this and can't help but think how low-angle is such a mirage. Like when I'm watching  for instance  All My Children, or some other mid-day soap. Someone's always barely wearing a towel, their ass-cheeks sticking out just enough, like two half-moons, that you figure if you bend down slightly, you might be able to see underneath. It's an illusion and it never works. Though I find myself, bent, squinting, and hoping almost every morning. Stupid really, it's a 3D TV, yeah, but it's not fully dimensional to actually see underneath (although, like I said, I keep trying).
Snapping out of this sidetrack, I hear Cassie wrapping up.
"Sign here and I'll have someone lead him out," she says before craning her head around the room, her shoulders set, while her head begins swiveling, exorcist-style, almost three-hundred-and-sixty degrees, but not quite. She's clearly looking for a volunteer, but I'm in her blind spot  thank God. Stay perfectly still. She'll give up and intercom the spray-guy. Yep, any minute now
"Oh! Hey you! Didn't see you come in," she says, turning her head before her body snaps with it. Fuck! She sees me.
"You wouldn't mind getting" she looks back at the sheet, "umm Charger, from his crate in back?"
I think I say, "Sure," or something resembling compliance  but again, who can be sure? I'm too busy thinking she's like those action figures my son played with. Like a GI Joe, whose head was attached by a rubberband, she turns her head back, looking at James's mother, then  snap!  her body whips around. I think she's all action figure, blank chest, no nipples, and has "Barbie" branded on her foot.
Fucking schoolgirl.
If my son brings a "Cassie" home, I'll kill him. Or at least, I'll abandon the-sweet-young-mommy-act of offering her wine with dinner.
Whatever, here I go, pushing my way through the double doors into the fog of stink  ugh, it smells terrible. To my right is the "bonding room," where the potential adoptees take the dogs first  much like a meet-and-greet. Actually, it's more like a networking party: awkward and a bit forced; but both parties make an effort because their asses are on the line. If the dog isn't presentable, no savior. If the savior isn't presentable, and in best behavior, he or she could get bitten. Anyway, the nearest cage to the "bonding" room is I glance down at the stats sheet, tossing the lock so I can read the sticker.
Yep, it's Charger.
His stats read:
Charger
Russian Borzoi
32 months
69 lbs
Temperament: Timid
Instructions: feed with dispenser, not hands. Avoid eye contact.
Ideal Owner Age Range: 18-25
Ideal owner age range 18-25? What is he? A new TV series with potty humor and frontal nudity? I skip through the shots records and move on to the mood-stickers.
He's got a yellow (meaning, he plays well with others) and that's good. Then there's a green (likes his walks), but who doesn't? I mean, do they mark prisoners who appreciate a jog in the yard?
Anyway, let's see, then he has an  oh, shit! he has an orange! Instant grounds for a double-check. I throw my Gucci glasses on, slap my cheeks (really hard because sometimes, my face blood turns stale, and it takes a good thumping to get it juicing) and I look again. Yep still orange. We got a nipper.
Translation? He bites. Normally, We are pretty lenient at this Humane Society when it comes to teeth-play. But something warranting an orange sticker is BIG. Once, a Doberman pinned me against the crate and "deflea-ed" me for the better half of an hour. He never broke the skin, just nibbled with enthusiasm. It felt like a rough exfoliate, almost like I wrapped a buzz saw in sandpaper and gave my skin a buff. Could have been much worse.
He was still a sweet dog, just a little grabby, like most men. I chalked it up to low blood sugar and made sure never to enter his crate unannounced.
But A BITER means something totally different. Not just moody, but volatile. Bottom-line: he isn't safe around kids. He might look fine, sure all white and shiny coat, his teeth even whiter. I can tell because he's smiling at me, tail flitting like it's shooing flies. He hasn't blinked, which is fully creepy, and his eyes are Blind-Dog-Blue. I'm glad I never had to walk him. He definitely fits the profile of a dog who'd like to sample your jugular.
Cassie runs inventory; she should have known he's a biter  God knows, the colored stickers were probably her idea.
I have to fix this, I think to myself, before this dog does a "Charla-Nash" on poor James.
I mean, couldn't they just adopt I think, looking at the cage to the right of Charger, some suitable family dog? I read the tag on the cage next door, how about?
SPINKLE
Whippet
3 yrs
Temperament: Timid
Instructions: no sudden movements, only fish-based, soft dog food.
Bio: SPINKLE is sweet. Although mistreated by his previous owners, he would do well in an established home, with consistent owners and constant love. Great with kids.
Where is this Spinkle? I can see about half his cage, but no sign of him. That's when I read it:
Days 'til Termination: 1
They must have already got him. A sticker is glittering, and marked with today's date. My heart sinks a little, or maybe that was my implant shifting, but either way, its a very sad moment. Poor guy. Charger could very well be a "child-chomper," and yet he probably gets a home while Spinkle gets The Shot.
The double doors swing open and take me out of thought. I turn to see John, all six-foot-five of him, as he bounces through, "Insect-a-cide" patched on his striped coveralls and a cockroach flexing on his chest.
"Sorry, didn't see ya there," he says as his spray-nozzle gooses me before he comes to a stop. " I'm just here to spray the ants and uncles."
It takes me a minute for his joke to register  must be a bug thing.
"Oh, great."
"I told Cassie there, if y'all just had a reptile donated, your ant problem would be solved, you wouldn't even need me," John says, and I can't help but smile  genuinely  for the first time in ages.
Here's a man whose uniform is a step above Hot-Dog-on-a-Stick's, his job is to spray a chemical all day long (that smells like orange-vodka), and yet, he still has the personality of a puppy. He probably owns an '87 Firebird, rents a studio in the valley, has a Miller with his Hungry-Man dinner, and calls it good. Couldn't be happier.
"Well, then you'd be out a job, and I wouldn't get to see you, John," I say as I wipe what feels like a partial tear. It has probably been collecting since Spinkle. That, or my facelift triggered a tear-duct release. Either way, explainable.
"Well, now, no need to cry," he says, and winks, "you have a good day now."
Then he walks off, spray-nozzle extended, zagging left, then right, leading him down the hall like a walking stick. The dog barking increases in volume as he crosses their pens, all howling in unison, like a stadium wave; then he rounds the corner and all that's left are cages.
Great, they're all howling. I fish in my purse and find a few pills, swallowing them to stem what I know will soon become a headache.
Wait; wasn't I supposed to do something?
I can't think with all this barking. Charger is even howling now. I look back at his cage  nope!he's still smiling at me, his jowls quivering like he's held the smile for years, just waiting, no, daring someone to slip up and open his cage.
If he isn't barking, then whom does that pitchy, neurotic wailing belong to?
It's very close by.
I know that much.
I get up, walk to the next cage, and that's when I see him: SPINKLE! He hasn't been nixed. He was curled up on the back bench this whole time.
He looks a bit skinny, maybe a little neurotic, but he's kinda cute. Whippets are from the Greyhound family, right? Maybe he's normal skinny for Greyhounds definitely normal skinny for California.
"Hello? Isn't. Someone. Supposed. To. Be. Leading. In. A. Dog?" Cassie asks, spacing out every word with slow pronunciation. That's right, I'm supposed to lead Charger to his happy new family, forget whatever I read on his chart, and hope he waits 'til he's out of the lobby before he snacks on James.
Not on my watch! I pull out my battery-powered, palm-sized, flat iron, only used for dire occasions, and flip the switch on. This has got to look professional. I can't have the sticker rip, or leave any residue. I think it's hot enough when it sizzles after I clamp down on my finger, my pink, French-tip, squirming beneath, but I can't feel it The pills have kicked in.
I place the iron over the glittering "death sticker" on Spinkle's cage and wait for the glue to heat up. Once it does, I use my AMEX to skin it. I peel it off, stick it on Charger's cage, and flatten out the air bubbles.
Problem solved! Looks like Spinkle won't get The Shot after all. Bye-bye, Charger!
Now, we aren't quite up to the derby party (which I so rudely started my story off with), but I have answered the question, "Who the fuck is Spinkle?" Have I not?
Good.
Glad we cleared that up.
What happened next? So far we've covered:
THE JOB (the one Sharoo offered me, and, up until now, I hadn't done jack on  investigatively, at least).
THE GIRLFRIEND (Cindy, like I said, is my only friend; she'll be back, so it's good to remember her).
THE CAR (which, by this point, was probably overdue at the dealership).
The dealer guy is probably sweating through his suit so badly, his cufflinks are short of air, I thought. I better get the car back; or at least, make a decision to buy it. But, first, I had to run it past the man in my life  the ungrateful son.
**Ungrateval**
"You know what? Fuck it. I'm buying it," I look at my son for God-knows-what; I mean, I don't need his approval, but maybe I want him to revel in my spontaneity or something.
I've often reiterated to my son (so many times, it's probably lost its potency) that "I'm your mother, not your friend." But, truth-be-told, I want to be his friend. I could care less about the "cool Mom" gig, but I do want to be closer. Whatever I've taught him, he'll either use or toss out. I know that.
I wanted to be the one to buy him his first drink. I wanted to coach him, "First the salt, now follow with a lime," and watch him marvel when I slammed down three. Not exactly how it turned out. My son's a more seasoned drinker than I, something I discovered as I watched him take down tequila like it was agave water before the change.
I tried to follow suit. I licked the salt, but, since my lips were ravaged  I lost my Burt's Bees in the seat cushion weeks ago  I winced. The stinging took away my composure, so I twitched, putting a little extra muscle behind my shot, and chipped a tooth, choked, and, while suppressing a hacking fit, asked for another.
"One more, please," sounded more like a leaking floatie, than a real request. Damn! I forgot the lime.
"Just get a martini, Mom?"
He was NOT impressed. But I took his advice and ordered my usual: a dirty martini.
Then, again, choking through the indigestion the lime brought forth, I desperately searched for approval, "So you like the car?"
"Yeah, it's pretty cool."
Pretty cool? The little shit might as well name it, "Bank Loan," cause he'll be borrowing it every week (or, on the reg: regular  his stupid slang, not mine).
Ugh, damn you, NuvaRing, and your late arrival! Where were you in the eighties, huh? Eww, that was a complete joke. I actually feel, I don't know icky after that one. I do love my son, my ungrateful, money-grubbing, girl-sexing, car-borrowing, pot-smoking, cereal-eating, twenty-two-year-old, baby boy.
He's just the best, although he's stopped being that for, oh I don't know the better half of a decade. I'm like those booze-soaked, sign-touting bums that predict an apocalypse on a street corner  just waiting for a miracle. Praying for a turn-around that'll likely never come. Thus, as it is
"It didn't put you in the hole, right?"
"Excuse me?" I said.
"I just " for a second, it almost seemed like he sprang a conscience and was censoring something mean, but actually, he was just mentally preparing for another tequila shot, which he salted, and swallowed, before continuing with, "I just don't want you living beyond your means"
Oh, how thoughtful. Coming from the kid whose only contribution to the house and my financial situation was an inexpensive taste in pets. He usually made me spring for a goldfish or something equally small. Something that cost less than the cage it lived in. Though, in hindsight, he made up for it by developing expensive tastes in everything else thereafter.
"Living beyond my means!"  What a little shit!
"Well honey, I hate to break it to you but you ARE my MEANS!" I pointed right at him, "And until you're living beyond my house, and actually have a say in my finances," I paused here to let it sink in as I sipped my martini, "then, by all means, shut your mouth and that golden spoon you're sucking on."
Okay, that was a bit harsh. Agreed. But, you guys are coming in late. This was the catalyst. I know. I know, something so small as "living beyond your means" shouldn't really have been grounds to set me off, but, like I said, you're coming in late. This was after countless Mother's Days where I'd come home to wilted flowers (hastily plucked from the neighbor's yard) and a handwritten card that he wrote the morning of, (which I know because he'd always distract me with the wilted flowers, spontaneously needing to use the bathroom where he'd duck off and copy something poetic he probably read on a billboard, the very billboard that reminded him it was Mother's Day).
Living beyond my means
"Wow," he said, as I finished my martini and took my anger out on the olive with my teeth, "isn't it a little early for withdrawals?"
I turned beet red, no response bubbling up in me. The calm before the storm.
"You already run out of your 'little white friends?'" he finished with a self-righteous smirk.
I pictured popping his head like a pimple  that premade, bed head, hair of his  just sailing up and sticking to the ceiling. But, I thought better of it. I was above a public outrage and not about to go blue collar/Jerry Springer in public. This was LA, so surely, someone would be phone-filming. Actually, they'd probably write it off as a new "reality show," and ask their bar neighbor what it was called so they could tune in next week.
No, no.
Instead, I just calmly ordered another martini and asked for the check. Once I got my martini and the overpriced paper demanding payment for it, I simply pushed the bill my son's way, hugged him, and said, "Thanks for the drinks."
Elbowing my purse, as I left, I shouted back, "and don't ask to borrow this one."
**"Test Driv(h)er"**
I just wanted a martini lunch. I wanted to, you know, get good and hammered, slicked-up, dizzied down, and then be on my way  with my new ride and all. But my son ruined it.
Liquid lunch = liquid courage; and liquid courage = never braking around corners, which, of course, = a proper test drive.
By the way, I do the majority of my drunk driving when the sun's up. The earlier, the better.
That's the beauty of being a middle-aged, white female.
It's not the "right of way."
It's the "white of way."
I know that sounds racist as fuck, but really. Do you think Mr. LAPD would suspect finding me loaded and driving all loopy before most people have their eggs?
Answer: Hell no!
They'd probably chalk it up to chauffeuring duties coming early (i.e. my son's soccer practice or something), and assume I was only speeding, racing home, because I forgot to turn my iron off or something  which naturally, they'd assume I left on after I ironed out hubby's blues and packed multiple lunches.
It's beautiful. Really, it is. Functioning alcoholics: they're the most absorbable and underrated qualities us Caucasians can hold.
I'm not a Neo-Nazi and I'm not racist (although saying that probably means that deep down, I am) but all I'm saying is: being a white woman HAS ITS PERKS. Just not the mainstays. The quotable mainstays, or staples, of femininity that fembots like to spout about while hiding their self-loathing lesbianism behind a podium.
So, anyway, there I was, a few martinis deep, the warm blur kicking in, and the sun still peaking behind me, and the bastard had the nerve to ruin a good thing. I decided driving far was no longer on the table.
Yeah, yeah, maybe he did save me. Maybe that martini lunch would have been my last, had he not made me stop prematurely.
The Possible Outcomes, had he not stopped me:
1) I do just what I planned and zoom my Miata around the PCH corners heading into Malibu, streaking by the lawn gazers at Pepperdine, and on toward Zuma Beach where, maybe because I'm drunk or just going too fast, I'd do just that  Zuma right off the beach, and then proceed to get snacked on by a shark, or some anemic whale who mistook my blonde hair - now greened from the ocean  for floating kelp.
Or:
2) The valet smells my breath and suspects one too many gimlets, sniping my license plates on my way out of the parking lot. I'm not sure why he would though. For the sake of argument, let's say it's because I didn't tip enough, so he calls the LAPD and is like, "Ah, yes, I'd like to report something. This lady looks smashed and she's uh  she's totally about to get behind the wheel, if you know what I mean, (which, duh, that's self explanatory. DUI in progress). But this is just theoretical and if the valet is theoretically ratting me out, then, of course, I'm going to make him an ignorant ass. Notice how I didn't make him sound Mexican or ethnic in the least? I already hit my racist quota with that white of way bull(shit).
Sorry I'm not really sorry.
So, yeah, those possibilities could have happened. I could have been caught mid-liquored-stroll, but, again, that DID NOT happen. He did not save me from a terrible day, but instead, led me into  what would later prove to be  the worst situation any woman could EVER FACE her hair salon.
After all, it's the remedy for almost everything. Look good, feel good. Suck it, Chase. I'm getting my hair done.
**"A Little Off The Top"**
I go in for a trim, twice a month. That's roughly twice a week, depending on scheduling and whether I go Brazilian Blow-out. Somehow, though, the crafty little Armenian finds ways to change HIS hair every week. It's never the same, twice. One week blonde, the next blown out, or shaved, then  and here is what's odd  after having just shaved his head, adding those stupid nineties' designs like a Swoosh! or an Air-Jordan, I walk in the salon to find him permed and poodled! How does he do it? Did Chia Pet came to Rodeo Drive and sample some secret tonic? They wouldn't dream of it. They don't even pedal bonsai trees for at least two miles outside the city. No way would a Chia Pet sell.
How did his hair grow so fast? I know most gays are meatheads; they frequent the gym, so in that case, they must load up on protein supplements; (and sperm is high in protein, but I'd like to not factor that in); I mean, hair is essentially dead protein  or so I've read  so maybe that's how he did it. That's gross, so nasty, and a sickening thought.
"It's fifty shades of posh in there, yo," said the black guy, swagger-walking out of the salon with his freshly buzzed high fade and Fossil jeans.
He was right. My salon was pretty over the top. The kind of place where washing with Revlon was tantamount to dousing with cat piss; the kind of place where Paul Mitchell was considered a Lohan or Spears  known, but never fraternized with.
I walked in, and instantly felt hands clamping around my neck. It was Jerry, the Swedish massage specialist they hired to knead you out during the dry period right after your hair is shampooed and you wait for your stylist to kiss you on both cheeks and begin. They always made some poor, lowly intern with people skills wash the hair. The stylists never washed hair themselves  it was beneath them, apparently, though I guess trimming dead protein and huffing Barbicide all day was not.
Jerry made an attempt at small talk as he worked my lower lumbar region with his knee. I never could understand the guy though; they must've plucked him straight from the slopes. So Swedish, I pictured him living in a chocolate house and bathing in vodka. I said, "Thanks," as I tossed him a twenty and moved towards the wash basins.
After having my hair washed, like usual, I made my way to the chair. No check-ins necessary. The robes here were gold, no kidding. There were six pairs of scissors parked next to Ricco's family portrait. After years of scratching out small talk, we covered most everything, so I know, first hand, each pair of those scissors cost around six hundred dollars. He had decent rent and a car payment staring at me, next to a picture of a quonset hut and six of his brothers, all looking emaciated. Kind of fucked up, I thought. Or maybe just a reminder to stay humble and feel a little guilty about VIP every night. Who knows? It wasn't my place.
"Ciao, bella!" Ricco squealed from across the room, "I'll be with you soon, baby. Just finishing her up." He was referring to the blonde he had under the knife. She was getting her bangs razored. I remembered thinking, Great that'll only take half an hour. The gays are the worst when it comes to efficiency. Every time, before the initial fluff and trim, they like to do a hand dance, before they even lop off one lock. They bob around while fluffing the bangs, like they're sizing them up - like they were some guy's dick and they needed that extra confidence before opting to sit on it. It was super annoying. I think it actually justified them charging their obscene rates; the closer to the hour they got, the longer they slept at night, and the higher the thread count they slept in. It was really extortion, but I let it slide 'cause the gossip I siphoned in there was incredible.
"So who's your squeeze these days?" I heard him gush to the blonde.
His lust for celebrity tidbits was insatiable and the way he pried was not only tactless, but also ruthless. He didn't even beat around the bush. He just went straight in and asked, "'Cause you know I saw TMZ; is it true? You been sleeping around on so and so?"
He said it like he was a friend from the schoolyard. I suppose he felt that close to her because she basically paid his mortgage. Her constant Brazilian Blow-outs funded the vanity plates on his 350z, as well. And that razor cut he gave her probably paid for his entire bar tab the night before, as well as some of his late night sushi at Ro.
Yeah, he felt really close to his clientele, especially the celebrity type. Like he was, in essence, part of the entourage.
Trickle down fame.
Midas-ly touched.
"No one in particular, 'cept maybe Connor here and there. But I told you about that, didn't I?" she replies.
"Shut up!" he playfully bats at her golden gown, which glistens with blonde hairs pasted down with tonic, "Con West?"
He made sure to look my way and wink after he asked. It felt pretty blatant, and I thought for sure she would catch on.
"Well, duh."
See, what I haven't mentioned is: I pay my stylist a little extra. If the blonde's highlights kept his utilities in good standing, my money did twice that.
He was my mole. My wire. Always listening, always prying, when I couldn't be. I wondered if anyone noticed that, most of the time when I came in, all I did was get a deep conditioning and sit in that chair for hours.
He fired up his blow dryer, and dusted her off. She kept talking, but from my position, all I could see were mouth movements and no sound. Didn't matter. He ended up filling me in later and it was just what I wanted to hear
"Connor Weston is doing reshoots 'til four today" he announced as he deep-conditioned my hair with one hand, and adjusted his glittered belt buckle with the other.
"Great, where at?"
**"Cattle Pro(u)d"**
They're being prodded, yet they couldn't be prouder
There I was, waiting in line, hot pavement and blacktop swallowing us all up. The masses of tourists were collected together  mostly families who bussed in earlier that day  cameras hanging round the dads' beefy, corn-fed, mid-western necks, and the kids, complete with cheap Blue-Blockers and sunscreen strips on their nose, were hanging around the moms. The moms were the whole reason for this venture. At least, that's what I guessed. Generally, out of all the activities Hollywood has to offer, moms settle first on the "Live Audience" tours.
They probably were the first to rise that morning, pushing out the motel doors, past the wax Marilyn ad for Blank's Wax, and into the lobby where they poured a Dixie cup full of piss-water coffee and Splenda before snatching a brochure. After thumbing through multiple pages  Star Tours, Guiness Book of Records (featuring a dinosaur popping off the page with its teeth gnashing, although in reality, it's rotting on the roof) Walk of Fame, but she settles on Live Audience. And of course, if Mom's picking, it's got to be something like The Doctors, because no way would she settle on that vulgar, yet temptingly cute, Two Broke Girls. They say "vagina" at least twice an episode and the show runner is a "gay." Completely inappropriate for the family, although she does watch. Or so I assume
And, no way, could she settle on The Big Bang Theory. She likes it. Don't get her wrong, it's just her youngest is starting to get into the "porn phase." All she needs is to give him an excuse to Google "big bang" and see what pops up first.
So The Doctors it is.
That's what I was thinking, sweating it up under the shade of the only tree, observing the family, and hoping the next wave would include me, or be from the next line over, so I wouldn't have to abandon my shade.
Why was I here, you ask? Easy. Studio tours are pretty lax on security. There're a few shepherds that lead the group and tend to any strays, but they're normally middle-aged, overweight, and underpaid. They could give a fuck if they lose one or two to an early bathroom break. That's how I remembered it, from years back, so my plan was to blend, mingle, then part from the crowd, and see if I could bump into an A-Lister. Ricco knew someone on an A-Lister's makeup team and she Q-tipped him off to an A-Lister's call time that day at the studio. He was there for reshoots on his movie. So why was I in line for the live audience of The Doctors, you ask?
Well, I chose The Doctors because they shoot their episodes back-to-back, with the same crowd for each episode, and if I were to sneak off early, that'd give me like three or maybe four good, solid hours of snooping. There's no other way I'd be allowed on the lot. Maybe back in the day, I could have called around and gotten a "walk on" with a week's notice, but not in a day - and that's what I needed.
A stocky lady, with a clipboard and bull-cut, started taking a head count, touching people on the shoulder to keep track, almost like she were playing Duck, Duck, Goose! When she touched me, I could feel her palm sweating  good to know she suffered the swelter too.
Kinda wrong, but it made me feel better. Just because she had "Paramount" stitched on her breast didn't make her any more important, although they all thought they were. Even the pimply kids, fresh from the film school boat, who led the tours once through the gates. Having been a guest for a few tapings over the years, I knew they always acted the same. They act like just because they've got a locker, somehow, they're "in."
"Okay, all who I touched follow Greg over in the north corner and stay single file!" Bull-cut shouted at us.
"All who I touched?" Who did this bitch think she was? Midas? Like it was a real treat to get slobbered on by her palms? Because it wasn't. Those clammy hands were atrocious. I could smell her morning McMuffin still lingering from where she touched me.
So I moved forward and just shot her a smile that read, "Hope you like what little power you have, Ms. Clipboard. My veneers are worth more than your life."
Don't know if she got all that from my glare, but something registered because she waddled off, padding down her bull-cut as if to hide its poof, like it took her this long, and me calling her out, to finally realize it may have been the wrong way to frame her face.
To her defense, she didn't have much to work with. If I looked like her, I would have personally gone with a ski mask and no public exposure; but who am I to judge?
Anyway, we continued to follow our new leader, Greg, and after a few minutes of pat-downs and metal detectors, we cattle finally filtered onto the lot. Before long, we were herded through the towering double doors of Stage 6 and into a conference room, complete with metal, folding chairs. Survey sheets and ball point pens were tucked under each chair, waiting to be filled and filed.
I can't really remember what the survey was about. Something about teeth, I think? It probably had something to do with that day's show. I'm pretty sure it read something like:
Are you happy with your smile?
(YES) (NO) (MAYBE)
Would you consider a non-invasive procedure to correct alignment, spacing and the overall appeal of your smile?
(YES) (NO) (MAYBE)
Your age ____________
(M) (F)
That's not exactly on point, but it's close enough. Who really cares, right? I only dwell on it because I heard a college chick totally chewing her boyfriend's ear off over circling the (M) or (F) thing.
"It's just so insensitive. Circle (M) or (F). What a way to categorize. That's just what society wants to do. Pinpoint us. It's sickening," said she who was, naturally, sporting a hemp bag and Crocs. "I mean, this is LA. The questionnaire should have more options. What about transsexuals? It's only fair they should get a (T)."
I was thinking, why stop there? There could also be a "Ummm, I'm mostly (M), but occasionally (F) on weekends." Or why not have an "I'm just not sure right now" option???
She continued her rant, "There are even people who tattoo scales, like full green, shaded scales, on their entire bodies. THAT is dedication. Do they get an (R) to check off? Noooooooo. But all some guy has to do is sprout a penis, and he gets an option, right? Is that fair? Tell me, that's not fair."
The boyfriend looked beyond perplexed now. He was struggling. Someone snapped off his choke button and siphoned him dry. Nothing was firing. But, finally, he looked like he had something.
I was sitting in my terribly uncomfortable, fucking metal chair, just praying he'd:
(Option A) stop and just nod.
or
(Option B) unspool some of that hemp-bag and strangle her ass in the back of the room, under the shadow of Doctor Phil's life-sized cutout.
But. He chose neither of the above and decided to stray off topic, going with, "I'm fine with gay marriage."
Wow, idiot, I mean I'm fine with it, too. Let them do it. If it weren't for Ricco, I'd have been skunked on this whole snooping thing a long time ago. He's still a man, in my eyes. He sweats and barbeques. Yeah, he might barbeque with only other men and he's the shish-kabob, but if it's important to him, why not? But why did this guy go with that? Totally off topic.
I couldn't listen to another word, so I tuned out and watched the other commoners mingling. Most were fighting over a basket of Donut-Os and milking the last of the weak coffee. I continued scanning and landed on the family I "Jane Goodall-ed" earlier. They were ogling over a Dr. Phil poster in the corner. I left them be, without criticism, since they were nice enough. Then, I looked for Bull-cut, who was nowhere to be seen.
I decided this was my perfect time to slip out, so I did.

I slipped out just fine, and was just to the exit door of Stage 6 when I was spotted.
"May I help you, miss?"
I whirled around and locked eyes with just the type I knew to be skulking around sound stages the film student. He wasn't pimply, I guess the clich took the day off, but he was peeved with his walkie-talkie ready and holstered at the hip, like give me a reason, punk!!!
I didn't give him a reason, but stood there, thinking up a quick excuse. Before one came, he continued his power-strutting with, "I don't see your nametag and you are NOT allowed back here. This is considered trespassing and punishable by a fine and extraction off the premises"
He rapped off some more legal jargon, but it didn't matter, I knew I had him.
"Excuuuuuuseee ME?"
His face turned insta-red.
"Do you know who I am, you little shit?"
He stuttered, then fired off some smart-ass remark like, "Uh, no ma'am. I don't know cuz you don't have a nametag." Snarky little fuck, huh? I don't think he was actually that quick-witted, but I wear a shiny badge over my boob right here and you know what it says?? Creative License. So suck it up, I gave him some zip. The rest I said verbatim. Swear to God.
"If you ever talk to me in that accusatory tone again, I'll have you working the gift shop for the foreseeable future."
He started to stutter.
See? A seasoned pro would have realized, like most businesses (and the film industry is no different) that every employee is a representative of the company. They can't EVER treat a customer poorly. He was punch-drunk from power, probably got the job from a distant cousin, and was intoxicated from all the oohs and ahhs the crowd emitted after all the shit he blabbed about on tour. Probably made him feel like "they only get to see behind the secret curtain, but I work here." You only feel that way for the first few months. I knew that from friends and personal experience with this town. Anyway, I knew that: one; he was newly employed and low on the totem pole; and, two; he didn't know the rules very well and could easily be duped.
"I'm sorry ma'am, I."
"No, no, no. Don't 'sorry ma'am' me! Turn around. I don't want to see your face."
He hesitantly did an about-face, and before he could say Ar-Kan-Sas, I hauled ass out a side exit. The red "Quiet on the Set" light must have popped on shortly after I bailed because he didn't even bother to follow. Probably too worried the door would creak and he'd get fired for botching a take. No shit. People have been fired for less.
The rest is really nothing of interest. I wandered around the lot, I mean I was there, right? Why not take advantage? I caught a bit of Bang Theory, and I don't mean the show.
A fat, full of himself and free food (in the biz they call it the "crafty table") producer tried to make moves on me. Gave me the whole, "You know, I could really see you in something."
Yeah, something lacy and on my knees. No, thank you. I brushed him off, which only enticed him more. Men of Hollywood don't like anything that comes in single syllables, especially NO.
He followed me to my car, paid my parking at the meter (which I'll admit was a nice touch, but not enough to warrant him touching me) and invited me to a "wrap party." I already decided not to go by the time I slammed my new passenger side gilded door, a wedge between me and the weirdo - and that's when he said it.
"Just you, though, there's gonna be some BIGS there. I don't want a scene. You're cool with celebrities, right?"
I suppose I was, but not too intrigued. "Who, exactly, are we talking about?"
"Connor Weston, mainly."
"See you there," I winked as I pulled out. Shit, now I had to find something to wear.
**"I'm gonna try to swim from something, bigger than ME!!!" - Frank Ocean**
Left, right, coast. Down the hills I went, almost flying off cliffs, taking corners like they had bumper rails. I only had a few hours to get presentable and put on my face. I hate that expression, but I intended to really overdo the makeup, and put on a new face. I wasn't exactly going as myself. I nearly nudged a jogger when my phone rudely rang and I answered.
"Speak."
"Ah rude," whined a voice I knew all too well. It sounded high-pitched and unnatural, as though his octaves were being pulled and strung-out like salt-water taffy.
"Sorry, Ricco. In the canyons, don't know when I'll lose you," I wasn't sorry. His voice annoyed the shit out of me. I never did get the whole accent thing, but whatever the last thought I was about to let penetrate my brain and ruin the mood was a gay one. Little did I know, I didn't have any choice.
"You know that picture you showed me. The one with," he paused here, probably surveying his surroundings, then continuing on in a whisper, "you-know-who."
"Yeah, I know the one. Are you in the salon right now?"
"No. I'm in my apartment."
"Then why are you whispering?"
I knew Ricco had a modest studio in the hills. Nice views, marble in all the right places, but barely enough room for his scarf collection, so he couldn't have been harboring a guest there. He constantly complained to me how he wouldn't dare bring someone back to his "closet" as he called it. Though he had no problem bringing people "out" of the closet.
"I'm whispering because, my neighbor, she's a someone and the walls are thin. I can't have her thinking I'm a gossip; she'll never invite me over and certainly not to a function. I'm doing this for you, bitch. Calm down."
"Okay, okay. Jesus, Ricco, whisper then. See if I care."
The line went silent for a bit. All I could hear was the whoosh of palms passing, then, "Well, now, I don't even know if I want to tell you."
"Oh God, Ricco. Has LA made you soft?"
"Fine, I'll spill. That picture  I'll have you know, though you don't entirely deserve to  was from a club right here in LA and"
He paused for effect.
"What? Details, damn you!"
"It's from Club Man-hat-tran."
"So what, it's like New York-themed?"
"Before you cut me off and start getting snarky, let me finish. It's called Club Man-hat-tran. Club. MAN. HAT. TRAN. Tran as in tranny bar. Turns out, you-know-who is acting on and off the screen."
I barely heard the last part before I clicked off and pulled over, pretty sure everyone poolside at The Beverly heard me belt out, "You fuck right off."
In hindsight, I wished I would have held my composure just a little better. Even the Mexican gardeners next door  who were swinging around the yard like Keebler elves  blushed. Maybe they were just sunburnt; but either way, this was big news and it seemed like they knew it, too.
I couldn't just call Sharoo straight away. I had to do a little solidifying first, then run back to boss man and report my findings. At least, enough to warrant the car, then I'd hold out for another car for Chase. I knew he probably wouldn't care, he was in his "walk everywhere and just eat Lucky Charms phase," but it's a thought he'd remember later when he was picking out my next "home." Very important discussion that would be. I knew he'd pawn me off somewhere, no way was he the diaper-changing type, but if I were nice enough now, maybe he'd set me up somewhere with a pool and a "no-enemas" policy.
So, I decided I had to do some research first.
Wrap party, here I come!!!
**Getting Ready**
I know, sex sells, but why must everything be justly so? My hair serum is called Bed Head  BED HEAD! and it looks like "lipstick meets penis." I don't even pack it when I travel for fear the X-ray technician will think it's a giant, pink dildo. I mean  really? Have we gotten that extreme?
Huurrrggttt!
I rip another strip and check for any stragglers that may have survived the pass. Oooooh, I'm bleeding, but God that IS smooth. I used to shave pre-date, and then follow with a good icing (ice kills razor burn if you hit it fast enough), but this waxing is much better, (I'm still going to follow with ice, just to be sure).
I'll tell you a little secret. You want to know what's the best shaving cream? The best for your legs, and your well, anywhere sensitive, where a razor kiss could potentially draw blood the best shaving cream for those areas is men's shaving cream. Men's unscented, to be accurate. The scents are what cause irritation and razor burn, no matter how much the bottle advertises its non-irritants, or whatever clever word some junior copy writer cooked up in hot pursuit of a promotion, it still irritates. See? Again, it's all advertising. A sales trick. You're best off buying men's, unscented, and something name-branded like Gillette. The (old) Old Spice could work, but with their new marketing campaign, you know that black guy riding a unicorn as pearls magically float up from his hand before he takes to the high seas It hooked me to buy, actually. But now they're more focused on scent and hooking the old man's pre-teen son, rather than replacing Dad's old, malted Stetson, that has been sharing shelf space with hemorrhoid cream and de-fluffed Q-tips since the eighties.
The unscented stuff actually ends up smelling like fresh paint or the paste they layer on walls to cover cracks. Spackle. Duh. I should know that, I made a comparison to my face and spackle earlier. Anyway, it's very construction-y. Not a lived-in smell, but goddamn, it works. And, like my hero taught me, always shave in the morning. At night, your legs are slightly swollen, and the full cuticle isn't exposed, so by morning, you're sprouting prickles.
Lather on some Kiehl's and I'm good to go.
**Wrap Party - (but drop the "W" and stick an "E" on the end!!!)**
The producer came out pumped. Two rock glasses in each hand, his fat fingers groping all the way up to their rims. If you asked for two fingers, neat, and he used his cucumber fingers for measuring, you'd have basically just ordered a fifth.
I didn't even ask for a drink  that was the first sign to run. At this point, if I were the maiden killed in a scary movie, someone would be screaming, "Run!!!! No one is coming. This isn't a wrap party; it's a rape party!"
I decided to stick it out and see if I really did fudge my timing. Either Connor or someone else, ready and willing to drip juicy tidbits about Connor, was just embracing traffic on the 101, and would be here after I finished my drink.
"Here we are," he said as he handed it off to me and floated over to the stereo. Floating is the best I can put it. Some fat people are agile. He moved like a linebacker on skates. Gliding across the marble with "giddy" in his step. I should have known he was planning something when the soft throb of R & B came on.
If I remembered right, it had something about Novocaine in the lyrics. Should have been my second clue to jet.
He glided back to me with his rock glass untouched, not sipped in the slightest, and weighted down his side of the couch next to me.
I looked at my glass like it had a spider and no lid and came at him with, "You pour with a heavy hand. Hope not all your guests receive such special treatment, or you'll be out of drink in minutes."
"Well, non of my other guests are quite as important to me."
"I'm sure they'd be pleased to hear the woman you met only hours ago has leap-frogged them in social standing. Hope you're not signed on as god-parent; that might be a deal breaker."
"I'll just have to make sure your lips stay sealed then." He ended with a wink. More like his eyelids blinked out of exhaustion. He had the eyes of a Bloodhound, and his lids must have felt like Atlas, bearing the weight of fat, Prozac, and heavy booze on their shoulders instead.
Also, thinking back, his response should have been my third cue to bolt.
"Well, we will just have to see when they get here, won't we?" I winked back, my lids not fluttering much more easily; after all, I was a few pills deep, myself.
He must have thought my lazy wink was a green light to move in, 'cause that's just what he did. He came at me, tongue extended, cucumber fingers splayed apart and ready to grope whatever they came into contact with. I gave him the stiff arm and pushed back on his chest, which almost swallowed up my whole hand. Wow, you have marble floors and two visible chandeliers in your foyer, but you can't get a trainer??? However, it didn't seem to bother him much; he just tipped his weight sideways and skooched past my feeble attempt at a roadblock. He had the body of walrus, and he used it, pinning me under his rolls. I should have been a bit more panicked then, but all I could think was, he probably got these fat rolls from too many sushi rolls. Everyone assumes it's so healthy, but when you deep fry and add spicy mayo, it's the farthest thing from it. I assumed sushi was the culprit because after he pinned me under his flab, and when his lips came within inches of mine, his breath was green with wasabi. Ugggghhhhh! I almost puked right there.
According to some, I should have. The best way to ward off rape - aside from macing the fucker 'til your can sprays dry, or beating out his eyes with the butt of your heel, is to:
A) pee or puke yourself;
B) act retarded; or
C) tell the perp you have Gona-Syphi-Herpalius and hope it ruins his mood.
While I thought over these options, he prepared to move in for a kiss, and I had no defense besides turning my head to dodge it. The puking urge quickly subsided as I realized I hadn't eaten anything all day. I remember reading Britney Spears had notoriously bad breath on the set of Idol because she was on a strict diet, and with the absence of food, the stomach acid freely wafts up and out of your mouth. If this were a real date, I would have swallowed some hors d'oeuvres whole and kept my distance 'til digestion did its thing; but this wasn't a date. This was the closest to forceful sex I ever encountered, and that was the last thing I should have been worried about. So puking was out. I did have a lot of coffee that morning, but I didn't have the pressuring tingle notifying me it was time to tinkle.
What was the next option? I thought. Thank God, my conscious thought was much faster than the walrus, who only licked his lips with that soy sauce-stained tongue of his, in preparation for his opening kiss, by the time I planned my best move.
"I have herpes." I yelled out, like I had the right answer and was desperately trying to impress a room filled with my classmates.
I would have raised my hand too, but, again, it was still pinned at this point.
"Want to know a secret?" he asked. And I didn't. I really DID NOT. The last thing I wanted was this man whispering sweet nothings in my ear, but that's just what he did, he leaned in and grazed my ear as he said, "I do, too."
Oh, fuuuuuuuuuuuuccccckkkk! Rip my toenails off and add the salt. Things just got exponentially worse!!!!
He started to kiss my ear, probably feeling the bumps of my facelift scars because he quickly moved onto my cheek and kept kissing his way towards my mouth. Shit, shit, shit! What was the next option? Yeah, it's easy for you to recall, I wrote it down for you a few paragraphs earlier, but it wasn't as easy for me to remember, especially in the "heat of the moment," if you could really call it that.
I decided maybe I should just strengthen option two while I waited for option three to present itself.
"And HIV. I have HIV."
He unsucked his lips from my check so quickly, I thought part of my face might have gone with it, not that farfetched of an idea really, as it had just recently been re-attached after all.
"You what???" he blurted out, releasing my arm from his gut that jiggled with horror.
"That's right. I have the HIV virus. I mean it's not that bad, it hasn't metastasized to full-blown AIDS yet, or whatever you call that progression."
He sat back, contemplating. I don't even know what he could have been contemplating. If someone had just informed me of that dirty, little secret, I would have run and locked myself in the bathroom until they proceeded to let themselves out. But he didn't do that. Like I said, he just sat back, contemplating. His eyes darted around the room, as if a possible solution were written somewhere on his custom wallpaper.
He must not have bedded someone in sometime, because all it took was one more glance at my breasts before he said, "Well, that's okay. We can just stick to hands."
Noooooooooooooo. I mean, I didn't entirely blame him. My breasts were incredible. They were hand-crafted by the best surgeon in the States. Not some Beverly Hills douchey surgeon, like the ones who have "Botox" bejeweled on their baseball caps. I went to a guy who prided himself on the restoration of boobs who tangled with cancer and lost. He was the Sean McNamara, but I appealed to his Christian side and offered four times the price. Needless to say  though I'll say it again - my breasts were and are INCREDIBLE.
The only way I could deter this man was to act retarded. Yes, finally, option three presented itself. But this man wasn't retarded. He'd certainly have known that you can't suddenly develop a condition like that.
It'd have to be something believable, something hereditary and uncontrollable, like Tourette's or even better epilepsy!
I swiftly decided, epilepsy, it is!!! And proceeded to flail about, like an attack was very much underway. My hand struck his cheek twice before he moved backwards and out of range.
"Oh, my God! What's happening? Are you all right?" He tried to calm me by holding my shoulders. Oh, yeah, now you act knightly and want to save the damsel.
Extending my arm a bit, I slapped him once more for good measure. Then, acted like I was coming out of it.
"I'm sorry. How embarrassing. Was I out for long?"
"No, no. Few seconds at most. What was that?"
"Oh, no biggie, I just get grand mal seizures here and there. They're only violent every once and a while, and there's no telling when they'll come, but they're manageable. The worst is when there's something in my mouth. I hang on like a Pitbull and lock up 'til I snap out of it. But it's pretty manageable." He sat back even further, "horrified" stamped on his forehead.
"Would you be a dear and get get me some water?"
I wanted to send him on an errand that would be lengthy enough to let me slip out the front door and out of sight before he had time to return.
"Of course. I'll be right back. You just lay there and rest."
"I'll be right back" wasn't good enough.
"Bottled, preferably," I shouted after him, then thought, that could be as fast as opening a cupboard and he'd be back, asking if it was safe to proceed; so I added, "with crushed ice and some vitamin C dissolved in it. If you don't mind."
He waddled off, with weight in each step, no longer gliding as he did before. I hopped up, snatched my purse off the side table and bolted to the front door. I should have been more panicked, but I wasn't. I think the pills had fully kicked in, and it was like I was on autopilot when I exited. I noticed a cool jean jacket on his coat rack by the front door. It had "TITANIC" printed on the back, and "Property of RMS" on the front lapel. I often heard that during the wrap parties on movies (at least, the big ones with budgets to spare) the crew got custom gifts. It was just a little memorabilia to flaunt around town, as if to say, "Yeah, you might have bought your gear online, but mine is limited addition. I got it working on (FILL IN MOVIE TITLE HERE)." Although, they'd never say that. The jacket says it all, and that's why every crewmember looked forward to such gifts. I grabbed it off the rack and threw it on before slipping out the front doors and driving down the canyon.
Who knows? It could come in handy later. Never know whom I might have to impersonate, again, and probably in the near future.
You can see why Sharoo called me out of retirement now, can't you???
I was the best and I reminded myself of that as I coasted back down the curves of the hills, never breaking for stop signs.
The next few days were quite uneventful.
Sleep, eat, yoga, repeat.
Until I got bored and decided to log onto some dating site Cindy talked me into. I needed a date night, and at least, I could use a free dinner. Free.99 is always welcomed. So I logged on:
**springfling@killyoursexlife.bomb**
Scrolling through the list of my possible suitors was making me sick. Seriously. One guy said he was 235 pounds, buff-shined and bald, extremely blessed with girth (I'm assuming that's referring to the python in his pants, aka, his fat trouser snake) and, so he says, he absolutely, positively, will not suckle anything less than a pair of get ready for this. giant, brown, sand dollar-sized nipples.
First off, if Mr. Clean knew anything about anatomy, he'd know he was actually in the market for giant, sand dollar-sized areolas  not nipples as a whole. But you can't expect too much, I was surfing the site called springfling.com.
Then there was "Dave" I won't knock him totally. Since I was six pages deep into my search at this point, and pretty positive "GURU" had the gold medal on lock. Mr. Clean likely would've taken bronze. No joke. It was that bad. Don't ever date - online, at least. I contemplated just pulling a quickie with a homeless man  most are out-of-work actors and not half bad-looking. They just need a good scrubbing  but, then again, it wouldn't be fulfilling in the least. One-night stands are like fast food; you're always hungry afterwards. Plus, Dave worked in the music industry, at most, I could only hope he'd take me to Boa and introduce me to Elton, maybe get some fast food, and just chase it with my vibrator, so I'm not so hungry afterwards.
All right, Dave, where are we dining?
**Dinner with Dave** aka **Gofer Dave: Part II !!!**
I had to really psych myself up as I pulled up to a stuccoed single-level in mid-city. It wasn't bad. Bland, but not bad. Pruned hedges. Christmas lights. Pretty wreath.
I mean it was a good two months "post" Christmas, so the light stringing was either really lax, or extremely premature, but so what? It meant he was cheerful, festive, possibly even joyous.
That, or it meant he literally had nothing better to do than decorate, which scared me. Especially, if he were single, as springfling suggested. Not exactly a head in the freezer, but it was enough to goad me into snapping a pic of the surroundings and sending it  via text, with a Google maps link pasted underneath  to Cindy.
The text message read:
"Yay, it's date night. Wish me luck oh, and if, by the odd chance, I  I don't know - disappear, and my spleen is found marinating in a box off the 101  this was my last known whereabouts. You'll probably find the rest of me in a meat freezer in the garage, next to a tackle box and some cleavers. Maybe check the tackle box for an old fishing license. According to his profile, Mr. Killer's name is Dave, but who can be sure? I said I was 39. People lie. If I don't call you tomorrow look into it.
Bye, chow, love you.
Feeling only the slightest bit safer, I kicked open the car door, fixed my skirt, and prepared for hours of small talk and far-too-few cocktails. Though, even the cheapest of dates should allow a little inflation on the bill for my skirt alone  Barbie Skank had picked out one of those suction cup numbers for me. You know the type. I call em "skin skirts." They're epidermis tight, second layer suction. You definitely can't wear underwear with a jobby like this  though, I broke the rule and did. I was going to a place called Club Man Hat Tran. What did you expect? I'm not going to say it's so bad that AIDS is in the air, but  AIDS literally could be in the air. Hanging thick. There may have been "ladies" and they may have used the "ladies bathroom" but I doubt they've all had the "snip, snip" at this club  which meant they'd be hoisting skirts and painting the seat yellow with drunken aim. You could probably catch hepatitis just from sitting. I thonged up, purely out of survival.
Speaking of which: I remembered fixing my butt floss as he swung the door open. It startled thee shit out of me and it was before I even rang the doorbell!!!
Weeeiiiiirrrrdddd!!!
Did he watch me "Planet Earth" his house?
Creepy. For both parties, I guess. From his point of view: some strange broad rolls up and paparazzos his house without even a "hello." Doubt it. Something told me he was watching the whole time. Maybe it was the mustache. Maybe it was the short-sleeved button up. Not sure. But I instantly regretted my skin skirt choice. Something was telling me, by night's end, I could very well end up one.
"Hey, you," he said, smiling ever so slightly, his teeth pristinely veneered.
**The Dinner**
"Uggggghhhhtttt," the sound limped out of my throat, muffled and silenced by all the choking.
Pad Thai was a poor choice.
After a lame attempt to swallow, a barely-chewed noodle hooked onto my molar before its descent, and, mid-plunge, sprang back up like a bungee cord  as if to say, "Mmmmm, on second thought I'd rather not be eaten."
So I choked. Followed by the gagging feeling and goosebumps. Dave, my dinner date, looked on, horrified.
"Ms. Casey, you okay?"
Ms. Casey. Hmmm, odd choice. Not entirely my name, but at least, he threw in a Ms. for good measure. Nice enough of him to assume I wasn't a cheating whore. If he had met me on Ashley Madison, I could almost guarantee he'd be saying otherwise.
"I'm fine. Wrong pipe or whatever," I pointed to my watermelon martini, then finger aimed at his Coors Light, "Refill?"
"Oh, yeah, sure thing." He flagged down a passing busboy, "Excuse me, the lady would like a refill." Dave's engine-greased finger now aimed at me, indicating that I was, in fact, the lady in need.
"Let me get your server, sir," said the busboy with toothpick arms. Had he not been weighted down by a tub of crusted dishware, I could have sworn the AC draft, alone, had the power to whisk him away and stick him to the wall.
Now, I purposely included "engine-greased finger" back there. In reality, I didn't notice this little, fun fact (or personal hygiene faux pas) until mmmm, say, my fifth martini. But to speed things up, we'll say I started to connect the dots right about here. Let's see if you do too?
"Soooo, Dave, what is it you do again?"
"I, uh," he milked his mustache like it had the answer, but needed a coaxing squeeze. "I'm in the music business."
"That so? Well, I'm impressed. Let me guess, you're like Van Halen?"
"I prefer hailin' cabs" I could see his mustache upturn and the veneers popped out again to say hi. I took me a bit to get the joke.
"Oh, like Van Halen, you'd rather hail a cab clever."
Explaining the joke totally took the wind from his sails, but for the effort, I decided then and there to be nicer.
"What do you do in the industry?"
"I, uh" Again, with the milking. "I'm in parts and services."
"Parts and services? you mean like, CD jackets?
"Sure, yeah, that's what I mean," he fidgeted in his seat, starting to roll up his already short sleeves and adjust his collar, "CD jackets."
"Huh. Not much job security in that."
He stared at me the same way Cindy did after hearing "impressionably pleasing." Again, with the frozen sentence. Huh, maybe I should fix them up? After all, Cindy loves her plastic. Every AMEX strip is a flakey gray from over-swiping.
He just suckled his beer, nursing it to avoid a response. Thinking back, maybe I offended him.
"Sorry, didn't mean to be rude. I meant, like, isn't the industry making the switch to digital? Record stores are like ghost towns these days. The CDS are molding in their jackets and the only ones getting any real love are the vinyls, right? 'Cause DJ-ing is in Is it true you can't beat the original sound of vinyl?"
"I don't see how that can be true, I mean we got a new Jetta in the other day and" He caught himself, right there.
BUSTED.
I didn't say anything; sometimes it's fun to see people swim out of a lie. Or, as in this case, try!!!
"Look, I'm real sorry. I'm not the deceiving type. Really, I'm not. But you were just so  I work at the dealership you came in the other day. It's how I found ya."
Found me? Creeeeeppppyyyy. Thank God we were in a public place when he decided to drop this on me. Though it's doubtful the geishas were fully fluent, and he could just hop across the table, chloroform me, drag me out, while just telling 'em it was a bad reaction to shellfish, and he'd take care of it. They'd never think to question such a lie. But he didn't. He stayed planted.
Then, I asked. "What exactly do you mean found me?"
"You came in, I wanna say, two days ago. Bought that gold number. I just thought you were so pretty, I ain't a stalker or nothin' but  when the boss asked me to C-check you, I I might have Googled you, too."
"Huh" I said as I proceeded to look for sharp objects within reach.
"I found your springfling profile, and I started one of my own; and well, I fibbed a little."
"No biggie."
"Really? You mean it?"
"Yeah, look, it shows determination. I'm flattered. I mean this date is definitely over and I'll likely never see you again, but I do appreciate your honesty. You seem like a great guy. Simmer down on the stalking and some girl will be lucky to have you."
"Oh, see? Now I've scared you away"
"No, no. I don't scare easily. Trust me." Then I remembered this man did a credit check, and knew where I lived, so I decided to better punctuate that sentence with, "Having a twenty-two-year-old son who's obsessed with assault rifles tends to help me sleep."
His mustache twitched, just saying, if he did have any rape-y thoughts still lingering, they were put to rest real quick with that.
"Well, sure, that'll do it."
"I'll see you around, Dave." I pushed in my chair and beelined it to the bar.
I was only a few martinis in when I saw HIM. The guy from the coffee shop. The, what was it Cindy called him? A godly depiction of flesh pleasure? Go easy on her, she isn't lyrical. But I knew second chances were even rarer than foreplay in prison, so I decided to make the most of it.
I saunter up,
fluff the breasts,
pat my pockets,
make sure I'm not pocketing a tampon and the outline is gonna totally tell on me,
'cause it is near,
then,
I say,
"Hi."
He's taken aback. Clearly, not numb to being hit on, with those crush-your-soul-but-revive-you-right-afterwards blue eyes, which are fixed right on me now. A smile, complete with dimples, follows.
"Hello," he says.
What was the old college routine? How did we start? Ah, there we go; initiate with a reason for conversation. Right.
"Were you at the screening last night?" I inquire.
The goal is to alleviate anxiety from the random approach, while also establishing a follow-up topic of conversation. Preferably, an interesting one. Talking about your job is always interesting, and I found, through months of sangria and barhopping, that the odder the job, the more intrigued a man became. I should have opened with that, but it was too late. I waited for his answer.
"No, can't say I was," he replies.
Dammit, didn't work.
What was I thinking?
Choosing movies was a topic of interest. This is LA. Do gynecologists eat box? Sure, but I doubt it's on the regular shift, and if they do, it's in exchange for golf trips.
"Screening of what?"
Score. Interest achieved He must be an actor.
"Oh, just a little action film."
"Would I know it?"
"Maybe. Maybe. It's more of the fleshy side of cinema. You know, where the saying, 'Take two' is considered literally."
"Ah gotcha. No, can't say that I was there."
"Good, then you missed me stuffing my face at the buffet."
He laughs a bit, then, "What'd you stuffed with?"
"Weird question."
"Well, I think you can tell a lot about a person by what they order."
Douchey thing to say, but okay. Don't say eggs. Don't you dare say fucking eggs. Deviled or not, it's basically a bowl of bird membrane with mustard and red powder. And NEVER say tuna.
"Pigs in a blanket."
He looks shocked. Great. he's probably an ASPCA board member who's about to whip out YouTube and play me the "pink slime" video in hopes of curbing any future cravings of the piggy flavor.
So I add "Sadly."
"Hey, no judgment here, I love hot dogs."
I knew it he's gay.
"But only turkey dogs."
"Wow, very look-at-me-I-drive-a-Prius of you."
He laughs, "No, actually, my ex-girlfriend grew up on a pig farm, so, yeah, I've seen some shit."
Boom. Not gay. Maybe he even owns a pair of boots from his stint at the farm. A girl can only hope. Now I know he is faux liberal, or at least conscious enough to joke. This is promising.
"I have to leave though; we're hosting a Superbowl party tomorrow. My roommate's kind of a fanatic. Wants to get a head start."
"Oh cute, you have a roommate."
Fuck, that sounded snarky. What kind of bitch am I?
"Yeah, it has its perks. At least, I don't only have cats and Sudoku to bat back boredom."
Ah, good; he's joking.
"Was that an age reference right there? That was a granny jest, Wasn't it?" I said, smiling.
"I'm totally kidding, having a roommate at twenty-five does suck. I guess I got defensive. Sorry."
"Well, now that I know you're only twenty-five, I take it back anyway. You have two golden years left, at least. Milk it 'til it's dry, baby. You'll miss it."
I cut myself short. Thank God. I was almost thinking about making a comparison between Chase and him, and the last thing I wanted was to come off preachy, especially if there were a chance I could still salvage this and:
A) fuck him;
B) steal back some youth, by fucking him;
Or
C) bone back the years;
I guess all those options are the same so,
D) ALL OF THE ABOVE.
"For sure, I'm definitely enjoying it, but, look, don't act like you're the crypt-keeper or something! I bet you can still throw back a few shots. How about you come with me, and help me set up?"
"I have a better idea. You like clubs?"
**Business & Pleasure/ Club MANhatTRAN**
What do you think when you hear a name like CLUB MAN HAT TRAN???
Go on, ask yourself, I'll wait.
Really, I need your help. Because, you see, I've lived in La La Land for far too long. I'm numb. Things don't affect me like they used to. I don't get innuendos anymore.
I would have never expected it to be a transvestite club. Honestly, the gays around here aren't closeted. They're freakishly flamboyant. It's terrifying. You don't believe me? Drive through "Boys' Town," aka West Hollywood. Their version of GNC is called The Body Shop.
They've even managed to turn hamburgers gay  Hamburger Mary's. John Wayne would have regurgitated that pound of red meat he died with if he only knew such a place existed. And, yes, Mr. Wayne that IS the real name. Amazing burgers, though. If you don't mind pride flags and Cher pulsing between bites.
I don't mean to sound like a total homophobe or a hater; that's not my point at all. I love the flavor over there, it's just, I'm used to the in-your-face, we ain't hidin' nothin' from no one, deep-V-wearing types of gays.
So, when Sharoo told me the photos were taken at some club called "Manhatran," I thought it was like a Hemingway's, or, you know, one of those dimly lit, take your whiskey in a highball and enter-through-a-hidden-bookshelf type of place.
After all, celebrities love low lighting (remember the fun fact about dining by candlelight), and they DO have an appearance to maintain, I mean, COME ON!!! So they frequent these types of places. They're more lounge-y than club-y, really, but that's why I never bothered with the thought of snooping there. It's such an intimate setting, I knew the staff likely knows all their clientele, so even if they had seen Connor's adulterous activity, they wouldn't rat on a local - especially, an A-list local that probably tips well. Plus, how would they continue to make their friends jealous if they could no longer snap chat pictures of Connor at various angles???
So, right, where was I?
Oh, yes, I didn't think to look into it any further; I just pictured the Empire State building on their matchbooks and bees'-knees martinis as a menu item.
What I didn't picture was what I saw then:
The club had a kind of sick slag to it. Like it was revving up to never really start. The bouncers barely lifted their heads to check the ID of the girl in front of me, which I thought weird. She was cute. They did have extremely thick necks so maybe the lack of visible movement made it look like they didn't give a shit when they really did. Who knows? But I do remember her having a really perky and bedazzling butt. I don't think I was jealous, more like instantly aware that I was back in the club scene and needed to go home and come back wearing less. Anyway I didn't.
Walking in through the front hallway, the walls were clear, coloring me in neon. Blue, green, and purple swished back and forth around me, erotically almost, like they were battling over who's prettier  in LA, even the lights are involved in the hustle. Dropped curtains were pulled tight at the end of the hall, which I parted before stepping into "the fore" as they called it. Basically, it was a mirrored box with track lighting and soundproof shingles.
Giant, tube-like tanks stood at every corner, bolted from floor to ceiling. They were each filled halfway with water and a "Merman" was thumping along to the beat in each.
Merman 1: A broad-shouldered man, with real boobs, pasties over his nipples, and when I followed his happy trail lower, (although I truly didn't want to), it led right to his fake, scaley, blue tail. Truly terrifying. I noticed he wasn't floating; but was perched on a clear bench inside.
Merman 2: A skinny, Asian dude with no fake breasts, just colored purple, with glittering eyes and a matching purple tail that split off into eight pieces, who danced like an electrocuted octopus, retching to the beat. Even more terrifying than the trucker with boobs in tank number 1.
Merman 3: Thank God, was an actual Mermaid. A very pretty blonde, not unlike myself, who was dancing like seaweed, and cutting the water with her curves. No one in the crowd paid her any attention. Sad.
However, if her ego needed any sort of justification for the lack of gawkers, it was this:
A) A lesbian transsexual is as rare as a cure for AIDS. But they do exist and they're quite a delicious breed of oddballs. See: Eddie Izzard.
B) It was only around nine pm, so the club wasn't packed at all. The music was turned down to a soft murmur and the fourth "tube-tank" was filled with water only. The fourth Merman must have hit traffic on the I-5. That, or he caught his wig in the hot tube drain last night, and after his whittled-down, head-of-a-mop replacement that he spray-painted a cherry red didn't work  he decided to call in sick, altogether.
As I walked in, I felt a soft tap on my shoulder and swung around to see: So & So from the bar. Yay, he actually came. Confirmation that I'm still desirable, or he hadn't yet noticed it was a scalpel and endless yoga sessions that managed to reverse time for me, not raw natural beauty and the plush age of thirty, which, when not swollen, I did look.
"Yay, you came."
"Yeah, so where exactly have you taken me?" He scanned the room, staring at the tanks, his expression changing like he had just seen an apparition, or his parents having sex. He looked back at me, horrified, "Seriously, what is this place?"
"I don't know, never been before. I just have to snoop around a bit, ask some questions and what not."
"Huh, very official of you."
I could tell So & So was weirded out. I couldn't blame him. I was, too.
"So  say they want to take, like, a smoke break how do they even get out?" He pointed curiously over at the Asian octopod in tank 3.
"Good question. Shall we investigate?" I said as I started to walk, but before I could part the sea of tees, and pursue an answer I felt his hand gently catch my arm.
"Forget it. Let's just get a drink."
"Deal." We made our way to the bar in the left corner. The bartop was a large, high-heeled woman's leg (laying flat, and probably ten feet long) with black, fishnet leggings draped over it, and, what looked like Plexi-glass, resting on top of it all. Weirdest bar ever, but when juxtaposed against the Asian octopus, it's shock value was relatively grounded.
I wondered what the whole "severed leg" had to do with their aquatic theme, then it dawned on me: fishnet leggings. Huh. Mildly clever, I thought. The club decorator and Dave should get together and swap jokes.
"I'm sorry, but we don't serve your kind here," said the ruby-haired, Marilyn Monroe beauty mark-dotted, male bartender with a tube shirt and a bottle of whiskey in his hands.
"Wait, what?" said So & So. I was still shaking the irony away from my ears, and processing that statement, so I couldn't yet respond. I'm glad he could.
"Kiiiiidddingggg," said the bartender, "just a little work humor, but you know, in here, you two 'normals' actually are the odd ones out."
"Ah that is true, I guess."
"Yep, so anyway we got a special tonight. Two-dollar-you-call-its on Fireball, Jagger, and Hynotiq. What would you like?"
"I'll take a martini, I shouted out like it was the closing seconds of an auction, and if I didn't win the bid, I'd be forced to endure this place sober.
"Sure thing, doll, you want it dirtied?" his voice dropped an octave like Marvin Gaye's "Sexual Healing," almost crooning me into having it that way then he said the other option, lamely, "Or regular?"
"Dirty, please."
"Ah, there's my dirty girl. And what about you, handsome?" He pointed a long, acrylic nail at So & So.
"Double whiskey Coke, please."
"You got it."
As he turned away to make the drinks, I noticed he was wearing sneakers. They looked like plain Joe (or plain Jane) sneakers. The type of nondescript running shoes that any man would pick, and not flashy in the least. It's funny, thinking back, but bartender guy was probably a "normal" nine-to-fiver like any other. Probably an investment banker who tended bar once-a-week to blow off steam and forget his life of columns and microwaved dinners. Funny, I thought. Then I looked over at So & So, who was fishing around in his wallet.
"No, no, I've got this."
"You sure?"
"Of course, I dragged you here, didn't I?"
"Well, not exactly; I did come willingly, though now that I'm here, fair warning, I might be dragging you out of here soon."
Was that flirting?
"Oooooh, how very caveman of you." I said as I winked and addressed the bartender. He came back with the drinks and plopped an olive in my dirtied drink.
I handed him a one hundred-dollar bill.
"Sorry, honey, but do you have anything smaller? It's early and my drawer's a little short on bills.
"Actually, that's for you," I said, trying to be smooth without attracting attention.
"Is that so? Well I'll be sure and never let you make it to the olive tonight. I got your refills covered, baby."
"That's okay, we're going to be leaving soon. But I do want to ask you something"
So & So watched me work, and I could tell he found something in my delivery that he liked.
"Connor Weston," I said and the bartender's eyes shifted a little more than they had already. "He come here often?"
He instantly slid the C-note back across the bar, and I could see the giant leg's ankle underneath the bill, as he said, "Drinks are on me, but only if you leave now without any dramatics."
I looked around, at Asian Octopus, the Mustached Merman, and all the other club compatriots, glittering and grinding around. And he worried that we were going to be dramatic? He didn't need to worry though. He gave me just what I wanted: confirmation and my money back. I couldn't have asked for a smoother transaction. You see, when he clammed up, and refused to play, it told me two things: he and Connor knew each other, or were at least, familiar. Normally, bartenders love to act unfazed by the local celebrities that stop in at their watering holes. But when asked, they gush like a geyser. Two: the LGBT community is very, ummm, protective of their own. Especially those with power or something to hide. If Connor liked a little more meat in his girls, who was I to judge? I wasn't hired for that, I just had to report it. Boom, I got my info, and what I came for; but for good measure, I decided to ask, "I totally understand, but can I use your restroom really quick?"
"Down the stairs to your left."
"Great," I said before downing my martini in three gulps, grabbing So & So, and making my way to the stairs.

The stairs leading down were wet. They were thick with sweat and slick from spilled liquor. So & So, God bless him, held me by the cusp of my arm as I foraged the trail below. Once we made it to the bottom, it took a second for my pupils to dilate before I could really take it in. No more fishnet leggings or corner tanks with she/hes jigging inside. Nope.
It was just a blackened hallway, leading to a single door with a neon sign that read: Coed Bathrooms. Coed bathrooms go figure. I should've expected it, but still I found it odd that a whole floor was designated to relieving oneself (and singly, at that).
"You mind watching my purse? I'll only be a minute," I looked toward So & So, hoping he was still with me, since I hadn't looked after we hit bottom. I turned around, but the hallway was so blackened, his tall bulk of a frame was no longer visible. Sad. I felt like my eye candy had been eaten.
Shit, he freaked totally out and left, I thought. I felt the walls around me, like they were Braille as I tried to confirm his sudden departure. Eww, velvet. I should've known. The velvet was almost as sweaty as the stairs. I pictured the dancing juices leaking from above, seeping into the basement walls and crusting the velvet over time.
It seemed like a good thirty seconds before he answered me, although he didn't necessarily answer verbally. He grabbed my face gently, but firm enough to where I probably couldn't escape if I wanted to (of course, I didn't).
Just for a second, His lips sucked the bottom of mine. Kissing the heart of my neck, right where a locket would fall, his palm slipped underneath the strap of my bra, feeling very warm as he started to slowly move it down, just his fingertip now, gliding right down to my underwear, and slowly tracing the line. Still kissing me, his lips between my breasts now, moving over, and following the curve of my cups, lingering, just as his finger did seconds ago. I can't take it; I'm already starting to get wet. I undo my pants and let the buttons hang. Hooking my thumbs underneath, I pull the front of my underwear lower, hinting at a path for his tongue to follow. Instead, it slips under my bra and the tip grazes my nipple. I feel a breeze as his breath hits it. His hand is still on my lower back. My pants start slipping down my hips, creeping lower, slipping more, now his hand slips into my jeans  getting a good grip on my ass. His other hand moves behind my neck, pulling me in tight, and I can feel he's hard as he kisses me.
Then KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!
Total buzz kill.
Okay, so the situation sucked. Talk about getting revved up to never start but I did learn something pretty fucking valuable, if I do say so myself. It was almost investigative.
First thought, after my lips and tongue untangled, was: damn, this bathroom is cramped. Okay, my first thought was: let's hope they don't have a key, and just continue. But we didn't. He stepped back, I redid my pants, and we both looked around.
It was a one-stall number. Nice, sure. All black tiles, black toilet with a no-hands-necessary policy on flushing, and one of those sink bowls that just float on the counter and collect water. It wasn't an awful spot for hooking up, I'll give Connor that. With the mirrors on all corners and soft lighting, one might even call it choice, but the interruptions Jesus! A true minute master would even complain about the lack of time.
As if on cue, a different voice rang out, "Seriously, you done in there? Some of us have to pee."
You see, that's when it hit me. If this were the only bathroom in the entire club, it's doubtful there's any hooking up to be had  at least, not here. You'd have a better chance of commandeering a tank above and making waves. THERE IS NO DAMN WAY CONNOR WAS SEXING IN HERE!!! I thought to myself, or maybe I blurted it out, which, in turn, scared off So & So because he immediately said a lame goodbye, slipped me his number and left me alone to ponder.
One bathroom is so Actually, scratch that;
One coed bathroom is so likely to be run though, it's disgusting. I couldn't actually crunch the numbers, or I might have lost my martini right then. After all, moments before, I was bare-assed on the sink. Ewww.
What I'm getting at is this: Connor couldn't have been sexing with a transsexual. Not in this bathroom. That left only one, positively ground-breaking, front page-worthy conclusion: Connor Weston WAS the girl in the picture.
All right, so this isn't earth shattering. It's definitely not the first time an A-lister has dabbled in seducing she/hes.
Eddie Murphy picked up a young prostitute after a late night drive some years ago. He was pulled over by undercovers and immediately fed them a line of shit about how "it was charity work" and how he often helped creatures of the night so they could pay their bills and get off the streets. Me? I believe he paid generously, sure. I also believe he might not have known that the "girl" was, in fact, NOT (if he scooped her up on Santa Monica Boulevard, I wouldn't have been so trusting. The Body Shop and Hamburger Mary's reside on that street in Boys' Town.) That would be like saying, "I've never tried cocaine I don't like how it smells." I'm on the In-Eddie-We-Trust side of things, but still, it happened.
I don't know if it was the pulse of the club lights  the many martinis I ingested in gulps, or because I single-handedly uncovered the dirt that Connor Weston was a Hollywood man of mystery by day, and a woman by night  but something had me dizzy.
I crawled out from the dungeon-esque dark hallway that once led me to the bathroom, and followed it back up to the top floor crazy. I must have been in shock, or more time had to have passed, or the fat-necked guards must've let in a new wave of furry-legged ladies, because when I came up, there was barely enough room to move. It was wall-to-wall wigs and pumped-up heels. I got what I needed; no need to suffer more, right?
So, I decided to leave.
On my way out, I glanced over at tank 3. Traffic must have parted because a new Merman was thrashing about with linebacker-wide shoulders, blacked-out eyes and elbow-length gloves with webbed fingers. Yep, definitely time to bail. Things had turned full-blown weird.
Once I left the club, I came right out into an alley. It was a real shade of night by then, and the lights were coughing and flickering, as if trying to spotlight the many bums beneath them who were twitching and talking to things unseen. Funny thing, I remember feeling more comfortable out there, wrapped in the shade, than I did the whole time in the club. At least, until I saw a figure pop out from behind a dumpster. Well, I think it was a dumpster. Like I said, it was pretty fuckin' dark and I was on the right side of hammered, so I wasn't exactly trusting my eyes and their interpretation of things. It could have been an old Jeep, or a slab of concrete, but nonetheless, I know I saw a figure peering out, and then ducking back once I spotted him. How was I sure it was a him? It was a tall figure. How did I know he was coming closer? The dummy was wearing a bright, shiny bracelet thing. Even when he dipped into the shadows, I could see the neon green floating at a walking pace as he followed after me.
And my comfort level just plummeted. Time to make like a leaf and, well, GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.
I back-pedaled slowly, one heel at a time, reaching behind me with a slow  click! click! click!  like I was staring down a bear and making a getaway. I wanted it to sound like I was walking normally, just to see if whatever it was, thinking the coast was clear, might pop out and follow. Well, whatever it was, DID. At first, it didn't notice I was facing the wrong way. I fluffed my hair, and flattened it in front of my face (picture the girl from The Ring) hoping this would continue to convince my stalker that I was just walking casually and unaware. Granted, a pair of giant boobs facing the wrong way, might have been a total giveaway, but, hey, it was dark and I was too drunk to think of that then. Give me a break, you go to a tranny bar, see a giant Merman twitching in a tank, get stalked in an alley, and tell me if your actions would be even remotely rational.
So, anyway, there I was, walking backwards. Mr. Stalker man was a few hundred feet away, hugging the wall and dodging light pools, when BOOM! I ram smack into something. Ow, what the fuck was?
That's when sirens went off. Lights blaring, a whistling sort of howl that could literally pierce your ear. It was terribly loud. Okay, you want a comparison? Here it is:
Go to a monster truck rally. Okay, now once you're there, steal a monster truck, smash through the stadium and out into the parking lot. Now, find the longest line of cars and proceed to steamroll them all. I'm talking crushed windshield, diamond bits spraying every which way, and car alarms whining in harmony. Now, bottle that sound, literally capture it like a two-liter, and cap it, then proceed to stuff your ear over said bottle, and finally, uncap it. That, my friends, would almost be as loud as this.
I uncapped my hands from my ears and turned to see the source  it was a fuckin' Range Rover. Who parks a car like that in an alley? That meant some rich asshole had the money to put in a state-of-the-art, completely unnecessary, alarm system on steroids  but couldn't afford a fifteen dollar parking fee?
Ridiculous. But, thus it is in La La Land. I guess it's like ADT because the owner probably lived out of his car.
I kicked the car once for good measure and turned back to relocate my stalker, who was gone. Huh. Kinda convenient. Minus the penetrating wailing that continued to pound my ears.
Hollywood Boulevard was at a slow crawl. Must have been premier night for something or other, because the Chinese Theater was swarmed by the press and the limo line stretched all the way back to Ripley's believe it or not.
Wow, bad joke. Forget I said that, except that I wrote it down and you can't. Shit. Sorry. Moving on.
Traffic was moving so slowly that people were getting out of their cars and stretching. Granted, when I say people, I mean tourists; and when I say cars, I mean rentals. Locals know better than to leave the safety of locked doors and sealed windows in the middle of Hollywood Boulevard. Don't let the flashy neon and dime stores fool you. The place is dangerous. Tourism brings money. Money brings bums. And bums bring all sorts of nasty shit with them  mainly schizophrenia and hepatitis-C. I don't know about you, but I'd prefer not be a scratching post for a bearded man when he "thinks" he sees rabid butterflies eating your skin and helpfully tries to scratch them off. True story: that really happened.
So I stayed put, aimlessly turning the radio dial until I settled on a soft throb of something R & B. Same song the fat producer had on, go figure. But in the then less rape-y environment, it sounded much better and I actually enjoyed it thoroughly. By the end, we still hadn't moved and I looked around for a getaway street. Something that could branch off to, maybe, Franklin, then Highland and back onto the 101. I looked around and  nothing!!! A one-way going the wrong way to my left, and construction had Gower sealed up on the right. Shit. That's when I saw him. The Mexican street vendor, spatula rolling a sizzling hotdog on the grill in one hand and pinching a Star Maps in the other. He tended to his hotdogs, then fanned out and waved the maps whenever a tourist came within arm's length. I don't know if he was fanning away the carcinogens or peacocking with the paper and hoping someone would take one  but no one seemed to care either way. However, I did.
You see, those Star Maps are pretty accurate. If you bought one and keyed in your GPS, you'd probably get within spitting distance of the real listed star's house. Problem was, if you were well known enough to warrant placement on the stars map, then you were well paid enough to have  mmmm  six houses stateside and a chateau in France. So it was doubtful anyone would actually be home. You'd maybe catch a glimpse at the manicured hedges, or the front yard infinity pool, but it was very doubtful you'd see, say, Janiston in the flesh. I knew that, but unfortunately, most tourists do not. I suppose it's "fortunately" for the street vendor who sold the maps for five bucks a pop; but I also knew that Connor Weston was in town on a shoot. And with the real wrap party drawing closer, there was no way he'd skip town and miss all the ogling and ahhhing the producers were about to throw his way for such a top rate performance.
I knew he'd likely be home. So I popped the lock, threw my new gold number in park, grabbed some cash from my purse and  oh fuck it, this is getting boring  I bought a map.
You see:
There comes a point  and hear me out, this is true, it might even be more prophetic than Confucious or the stupid fortune cookie messages  when being lazy becomes work.
I used to be so supremely lazy, like so fuckin' lax, that I wouldn't just sweep the dust under a rug, I refused to buy rugs. And if, for some reason, I happened upon a scenario where I had to do chores in which a rug happened to be involved, I would go so far as to cut the vacuum band, just so I could skate my way out of a quick push and suck.
Ah, the vacuum
Now there's a device that was made with the supremely lazy in mind. Don't get me wrong, as a single mother, I love vacuums. Good German or Swiss ones are worth their weight in gold. I'd also take a Dyson in a pinch, but only in a pinch. That little ball just shreds wood floors.
Yeah, maybe I'm reinforcing the stereotype of house mommy, loving her house toys (I assure you, this mommy does love her toys)  remember the "Bed Head" bottle? Kidding.
It's not a mom thing. It's a person thing. I don't go for the whole wine and cheese thing. Doesn't do it for me. But a good vacuum?
A good vacuum is like a good lay. If it performs to completion and the cleanup is minimal  it's a keeper.
So, where was I? Ah, yes, the laziness. Right. So I was pretty lazy. Mostly with chores and small things, but, come to find out, laziness is not something that simmers and eventually levels off. Laziness is progressive  it's downright dirty.
I came to my proverbial fork in the road in college. It was night and I was brushing my teeth with an electric toothbrush (duh! We already established my laziness) and the batteries ran out. Well, it was one battery  one fat, toothpaste-caked AA, but still, it quit working and there was the road  bam!!!  staring me down. I had two paths, and two options.
Do I?
Option A) hang a left down "re-up" road and make the arduous walk to the kitchen and search out the drawers in hope that a battery has survived the money drought (and therefore, energy fund) that is college. Not a good choice. It's doubtful I would find a straggler. My best bet was to borrow one from a remote, like usual, but that only furthered the laziness,
For, the next day, I'd just have to go buy more batteries because there was NO WAY I was going to watch TV and actually get up to change the channels.
So, I was faced to ponder,
Option B) forget finding a replacement and continue on brushing by hand. My hand was already cramping. I was polishing off a canine for as long as it took me to think up Option A. And the thought of having to brush like the Amish every night made me drop the toothbrush entirely.
What was a girl to do? My inner head monologue went on for quite some time, staring at the lifeless, bristled brush in my sink, then staring back at my lifeless reflection above it. It was late and I drank too much, so sue me. Then I settled finally on this:
How much fucking sleep have I wasted on this "dilemma?"
I had actually created more work and wasted time over this. Stupid. Stupid! Stupiddddd!!!!!!!
So I vowed to stop being lazy right then and there. Haven't looked back since.
That's really why Sharoo called me out of retirement. He knew this little mishap, or "misdirection of facts," wouldn't deter me. I wasn't lazy. Not any longer. I was going to put in the time and get to the bottom of it.
So I whipped the wheel of my car, burned those tires, steadied the Star Map on my knees, and never touched the disk brakes 'til I hit the driveway  Connor Weston's driveway, that is. "Knock-knock, baby."
As I neared the end of the long, snaking driveway, the car's nose almost kissing the shiny metallic gate, a speaker kicked on as if it expected my arrival. The gate was so reflective, so Terminator-esque, I had to squint to block out the rebounding glare of my headlights as I listened to the voice:
"Yo, I'm opening the gate. Just drop it on the front steps, I left a fifty under the gnome."
The gate must have been brand new or well-lubed because it glided back silently.
Huh. That was too easy. Then the speaker kicked back on, "Wait hold up!" Ah, I knew it was too good to be true. He probably recognized the car and knew I wasn't delivering whatever he was expecting to be delivered. Pizza? Sushi? With LA-Bite, the possibilities were literally endless.
Anyway, with the modern, metal-look thing he had going on, I half expected a personal Robocop to bust out of the bushes with a giant gun and zero tolerance policy on loitering.
"Is fifty enough?" the voice in the speaker asked instead.
I guess Robocop had the night off. Then, I heard a female voice whining in the background.
"Babe, 'course that's enough. It's fuckin' pizza. Give him like, three bucks." He must have kept the button held down 'cause I heard his justification for giving what, I could only assume, was a giant tip.
"Okay. A) it's not just pizza. It's Grandma's Pie from Joe's. Shit is sought after, that's why they get away with charging six extra fuckin' bucks for cheese. And, B) I let the dude through my gate, so he could like case the place if he felt shorted, and snatch my gnome as payment. Fuck that, I always tip well. You know, that's the actual gnome from the Travelocity commercials, right? Took me like  "
"Okay, whatever, just let him in. I'm starving."
"I did, Jesus! Like I said, the gate's been open this whole time." He paused here, then added, "And so has the intercom. Fuck!" It clicked off to silence. I could hear some bass thumping from the house, but couldn't see any lights as I pulled forward. I still had some more driveway to go, so I thought about my plan of attack.
Okay, so, Problem 1: this guy thinks I'm delivering pizza.
Problem 2: he likely won't be pleased when he finds out I'm with a tabloid and the reason for my stalking is because he himself wears stockings. So he probably won't have a heart-to-heart with me, especially not in front of his guest. She didn't sound like the understanding type; but then again, if she's lived here long enough, she should have seen worse (thinking back, she must have been an LA freshie because Joe's Pizza IS truly amazing, and those who haven't heard or tasted a Grandma's Pie should be beaten  mercilessly).
Problem 3: this guy likely has enough money to have me killed. No kidding, I could be found floating in his pool the next day; and after he padded the right pocket, the police would look the other way  they'd chalk it up to, say, a bad reaction to chlorine, for which he'd immediately fire his pool guy and forget about the whole thing by day's end. No kidding, he could do that.
Side note: In the movies and stuff, I never got why, when a victim was being drowned, they didn't just go limp a little early. You know, float there, holding your breath and not moving until the drowner leaves to find a saw or something. God, I've been watching too much "Dexter."
I was thinking something along these lines when I hit the driveway's end.
The house was ginormous. And oddly familiar. I knew I saw it before. Pink stucco, white-pillared front entry, car-sized front windows, and on the top floor balcony was a hot tub.
It finally registered: this used to be Christina Aguilera's mansion! I remembered seeing the brochure a few years back. The whole transvestite thing was starting to really make sense. What man would buy a pink-stuccoed mansion? I bet there was still a see-through piano in the fore, and a zebra rug lying lifeless somewhere near the dining room.
As if that weren't weird enough, I looked up to the top deck and saw Connor and the girl from the speaker box, splashing about wildly. They seemed to be having fun. With them being distracted, I decided to hop out of my car and run for the front door. Hopefully, they wouldn't notice I was an impostor until I gained entry into the house and could talk to Connor face-to-face. Hot tub water was spilling over the front of the house as I walked up. The sidewalk was completely soaked and I dipped under a falling spray as I ran up to the door. The door had to have been six-inch solid oak, towering almost ten feet tall. I grabbed the handle and - shit!  it was locked. Of course. Thinking back, it was pretty gutsy even making a move to go inside, but I wanted this article done and out of my life. Plus, any man who buys a pink mansion couldn't really scare me.
Some more water splashed behind me and giggling followed. I decided to ring the doorbell. ZZZZZtttttt, ZZZZZTTTTT! It sounded more like a bug zapper than a formal announcement, but it must have been loud enough, because the splashing soon stopped.
"The fuck? The gnome. It's UNDER the GNOME."
Lifting the gnome, I pocketed the fifty, and  in my deepest, most Marvin-y voice  said, "Ughh, isn't here, chief."
I could hear the girl whine in protest, "Oh my God! Just go down and pay him, this is getting real annoying."
"I know I put it under there; fuck! Maybe not, this blow is better than I thought. Where'd you say you?"
I cut him off by ringing the buzzer again. ZZZZtttt! I was hoping to piss him off, at least enough to warrant him storming down and confronting me alone. Didn't happen. What happened next was very, ummm, odd. A small, plastic, green Army soldier parachuted down and snagged on the tree branch in front of me. Poor landing, soldier. But I immediately forgot about the botched landing when I noticed the hundred-dollar bill taped to his leg. Creative way to pay for delivery, I had to say. Just to test my luck, I shouted back, still in my crooning, deep voice, "Ah, sorry guy, but it snagged on the tree. I can't reach it."
I could hear whispering above, and some clucking before all went silent, minus the hot tub jet murmuring above. Finally, after a few seconds, a second soldier parachuted down. This one landed a good twenty feet from the house on the lawn. The lawn was dark, so I could only assume he had another bill strapped to him. I skipped over there, plucked him up and  yep - he, too, had a hundred-dollar bill taped to his leg. That's when the spotlight hit me. Three floodlights hit me squarely in the face, blinding my vision with hot white glare. I could hear the front door swaying open with some weight behind it.
A voice shouted out, "Uh, yeah, you have about, mmmm, five minutes 'til the cops get here." I remember thinking, that's funny. I'd have said much less time, as a lot could happen in five minutes if you really were alone with a stalker who had already managed to break through your front gate. He must have caught that too, because he followed with, "I mean, five minutes as of three minutes ago. They should be here any second now."
"Ah, from that math, I actually have close to two minutes, but no worries, I'll be going now." I said as I ripped the hundred off the soldier and darted for my car.
I could hear the girl yelling down safely from her hot tub perch, "Get out of here, psycho. Connor Weston is my man."
I shouldn't have, but I yelled back as I turned my engine over and popped it in reverse, "You sure about that?"
"Ugh, pretty positive. We've only been dating two years now."
"I meant, are you sure about the MAN part?"
I didn't wait for her response, although I doubt she really had one ready. I just hinted that her man wasn't even that  a man. Then, I rolled down the hill backwards, my eyes never leaving the rearview mirror, praying the gate would still be open and Robocop hadn't been alerted.
I made it through the gate, which was open, and got almost three streets down the hill when the lights hit me. They were white-hot, again, but this time, white brought some friends  red and blue. I pulled to the curb and watched as a policeman hopped from his car, gun fully drawn.
Okay, that was a lie.
I didn't pull over right away. First, we did this kind of spastic, twitchy, car dance. I only did it to buy time. For one, I had to think up my story. I just breached security of a well known Beverly Hills resident and made off with, like, two hundred bucks and a Travelocity lawn gnome! (Yes, even in La La Land, lawn-gnome theft is frowned upon. Two, the soft throb of the Bel Air police sirens were set to a whisper (so as to not disturb fellow residents) but, at that decibel, they didn't command much respect. So I dilly-dallied a bit, so what?
I smashed my foot on the gas, tapped the brakes and repeated this process a few times until, finally, I decided I had a worthy excuse and could pull over. By the time my tires finally curbed, my legs were worked, and my Spanx had become twisted in places no man had gone  at least, not lately. The bathroom interruption earlier that night pretty much ruined any chance of uncharted terrain exploration).
So  where was I?
Okay, now we are back to the part where he came at me with his gun drawn. You happy, reader? My frontal wedgie isn't exactly pertinent information, I know, but I had to add it in. It's one of those things they skip over in Charlie's Angels (or any movie where a bad ass bitch happens to be driving a car) but, reality is, do this in real life, while you're wearing a skirt, and you'll get frontally flossed, fair warning.
Anyway
I watched in my rearview mirror as he approached my side of the car. He touched two fingers to my trunk, which, upon later Googling, I learned that police do as a preventative measure. Let's say they approach the car and proceed to get shot in the face; their fingerprints are now ON the vehicle and can be used as evidence towards a future conviction. Cool trick. If it were ME, though I'd be more concerned in preventing the loss of my face; but to each, his own.
Fumbling around in my purse for my license and some eyedrops, I only managed to come up with the license by the time he yelled, "Ma'am, I need you to step out of the vehicle, hands in the air and fingers locked."
All right, here we go. I took a deep breath and prepared to start my plan. Then, I calmly proceeded to yell at the top of my lungs, "Asshole!" I followed this by flailing around my arms and slamming the steering wheel hysterically.
"Cursing at me is not really going to help your case here, ma'am," he said from behind his gun. I decided to flail less and ease up on the dramatics.
"Cheating son of a bitch. I should have known. God, I'm so fuckin' naive. It always happens like this, I mean, you like a guy, you trust him, and yet"
He cut me off somewhere around then, with, "Ma'am, please calm down. Who, uh  who cheated and what's going on now? I'm responding to a call  your vehicle with a matching plate number was involved in a trespassing complaint. Now I don't know what "
"Trespassing? TRESPASSING???" I more or less squealed before pausing to revel in my newly developed acting skills. I wasn't half bad, I couldn't have been, because he lowered his pistol and began to address me in a more comforting manner.
"Please, just tell me what happened, miss."
Damn! Upgraded from "ma'am" to "miss;" I must have been better than I thought.
Now I went in for the kill.
"Let me guess, Connor called it in. Or, wait, he probably had Ms. Skank do it for him. He's always been a coward."
"I can't reveal the caller's identity; that's protocol. Sorry."
"Protocol? Yeah, lets talk about that for a minute. Is it protocol to come home to your husband splayed out on the piano with some skunk suctioned to his face???"
"Well, I uh "
"No, the simple answer is NO, it is NOT."
"I'd agree. So I'm to understand that you and the assailant are intimate? Is that how you gained access to the property?"
Wow, he kind of gave me that one. I was planning on diving head first into hysteria and hoping he'd just leave me be. But this was good. Better even.
"Who do you think paid for the gate? The face jockey? I had to wait three hours with ADT for the install; you think I'd be appreciated a little more."
He pulled out a small notebook with some chicken scratching and started reading. How he deciphered it, I'll never know  teachers and policeman are notoriously awful scribblers  but he did, and said, " Ah, says here we got the call from Brink's Home Security."
He started too look at me in a new light, and by that I mean, he literally pulled out a flashlight and beamed it in my face, then followed with, "Please step out of the car, ma'am."
Maybe it was the tone of his voice, or maybe it was the fact that he switched back to ma'am, but whatever it was I knew right then I was completely and totally fucked.
I wondered if a trespassing charge came with time?
**Behind Bars**
I have to say, the Beverly Hills Police Station is quite clean. That was my thought as I tried to wipe the fingerprinting ink off on my skirt and fix my hair in the reflection of the metallic holding cell.
It happened relatively fast, especially once they ran my license and found no priors or reason to believe I was the stalking type. It also helped that my first phone call was to Sharoo. He not only assured them of my freelancing credibility on the article, but immediately paid my thousand-dollar bail and secured me a lawyer and a speedy court date.
It really helps to have money. I even found out that if Connor wanted to go ahead and press charges, I could serve my time in the Beverly Hills Jail. It was called "pay to serve;" and was basically the equivalent of a white collar prison. The officers assured me for a cool one hundred and ten dollars a day, there would be a break room, no one else in my cell, and as many phone calls as I liked. To qualify, I just needed court approval, a clean bill of health, and a negative TB test. That wouldn't have been a problem.
But I knew then that I likely wouldn't serve any time for this, maybe some community service. If that were the case, I'd just have Cassie sign off on my time, and fudge my dog walking hours, so I wasn't too nervous.
Clink, clink!!!
My cell door slid open. It, too, was silent and well-oiled, much like Connor's gate. Probably the same contractor, I mean Beverly Hills was always a game of, "Oh, you know who does great work and won't steal? So and so, and you should use him." Even the police station was in the business of being posh.
"Ma'am, your ride is here." A female police officer, with a pulled ponytail and little makeup, handed me a clipboard and a pen before adding, "Just sign here and you're free to go."
Sharoo actually took about two hours to post bail. He didn't do it himself. No way. That'd be beneath him. Owning a yacht gives you the right to A) dance however you want; and B) never set one foot in a jail  unless you're a drug smuggler of sorts. Then it's only a matter of time before the yacht is seized to be replaced with sodomy and hard time.
Anyway, I didn't complain over the time. It allowed me to write the majority of the article. I had all I needed, and I knew that Sharoo would be prodding me soon, and asking for a speedy turnover. Like I said, I delivered.
I factored in a source interview  the bartender  and followed it up with what I call an "In and Out quote."
You've probably seen these before, especially if you've picked up anything glossy and gossip-oriented. You start with a real quote, and in my case, I wrote something like this:
"A close contact, friend, and worker at Club Manhatran confirmed the A-listers frequent jaunts to the she/he joint. 'If you're asking about Connor, there isn't much to say,' the forty-something male bartender in stockings continued to add that Connor was a definite local, and everyone knew it, but they were under the assumption that it was a hush-hush matter and sworn to secrecy to protect their own.
You see, I can't be held for libel with an "In and Out quote." It's protection, in a way. A cushion for backlash and counter-suing. The only thing I actually quoted really had been said. The rest, sure, was a bit of a fib  but that's to be expected in this business. I'll tell you now that tabloids are about thirty percent truth and the rest is just a spun-out, glamorized, dirtier version of that. It's expected. We don't have the overhead or standard reporting rules to follow. We can report something on the day it happened without having to pass it over three desks and through a bullpen of overpaid lawyers.
For that reason, tabloids often break stories far before their time. Watergate, Princess Diana, Obama's birth origins, all these were reported weeks (sometimes months) before standard news could get their ink-tipped, pensioned paws on it.
You just have to weed through the bullshit (examples: Archaic Alien Penis found in Guam, Women Claiming to find the Devil in Ramen Noodles, Buddah's Secret Tryst) to really find what is what.
So I signed my release papers, saving the first draft on my phone, and met Sharoo's contact in the lobby. He was a young, Saudi Arabian-looking fellow. He had the classic greasy, new money look  buffed Pumas, jeweled designer jeans and a halfway buttoned dress shirt. The shirt was probably a 7 Diamonds, straight off the rack, and never washed. In my experience, these guys rarely did laundry, they just found a brand cheap enough to warrant throwing it away, but nice enough to showcase their gold chains and chest hair.
Needless to say, I instantly didn't like the guy. You can't blame me; he looked at me like it was an imposition to even fraternize with a woman in public. That was until he noticed my suctioned skirt and ample boobs. Then he started to look at me quizzically, like he was contemplating what position would be best to have me in. Asshole. He was probably only on the first page of the Kama Sutra when he was interrupted by the receptionist.
"Sorry, just one more thing to sign; then you guys can be on your way."
"About fuckin time," he blurted out, clearly relieved; then he looked at me and the officer with the pulled pony and little makeup.
"We done here?"
"Sure are," she said as she slammed the paperwork into his chest. "She's all yours." Huh, a bit hostile, was my first thought. He must have been a real prick, clearly not accustomed to waiting, like his night had been ruined and his plans put on hold.
I could tell he was busy because on his other wrist, the one not sporting a gold chain, he had a bunch of VIP wristbands, overlapping each other. Like the clubs were still fighting for top spot and marketing. Ah, poor baby got called into work and missed bottle service how sad
That's when I noticed he also had a glow-stick bracelet on. Weird. Could this have been the guy in the alley? Why? I wouldn't put it over Sharoo to have me followed but, seriously, why? It had only been a few days since he gave me the article. He couldn't have been worried that I wouldn't produce.
He knew I always came through. But, whatever, I just brushed it off as coincidence and didn't say a word on the drive home.
When we pulled into the driveway, the bottom of his gray Mercedes scraped on the hill, pissing Mr. 7 Diamonds off even more. I was wondering if Chase were home when Mr. 7 pumped his disk brakes and jerked us to a stop. He immediately hopped out and started to preen for damage. I slammed the door for good measure and assured myself there was no way to tell if Chase were home (as this was during his walking phase); and even if he were, so what? He'd probably have a girl in his room and wouldn't awaken 'til lunchtime. That was usually the case, anyway.
At least, I hoped for that as I made my way to the front door. Mr. 7 was busy inspecting his front left, black-rimmed tire. He spit on it and buffed out what was probably not a scratch, but a squished bug.
"You missed a spot," I said over my shoulder  not even looking as I keyed my front door. I was hoping he'd find a big, fat, old sucker, juiced on his grill to distract him while I went inside. He didn't. When he realized I was about to slip inside, he ran up to me. I could see his gold chain bouncing, shimmering in the glow of my front floodlights.
Here we go. Some sort of demand, I bet.
"Boss wants the article tonight. You got it?"
"Well, I know our ride wasn't exactly conversational, but did YOU see me writing?"
"You had time."
"When? Between trespassing and jail, my night has been pretty well swamped."
"Then I'll wait while you finish."
Poop on a cracker. Exactly what I didn't want to happen was happening. My only leverage on this whole thing was that article. And before I surrendered whatever I thought I solidified and reported, I wanted to speak with Sharoo and ensure that my article wasn't a cover (front page). I didn't find enough for that. And I was fuckin' tired! Who could blame me? Front page meant at least a three-page spread and a word count of maybe three thousand. I had about twelve hundred as it was. If he wanted it by that night, I'd be up until sunrise; and the last thing I wanted was Chase walking in (or out) and seeing Mr. 7 drooling inside his tiger shark of a car, looking like a total creep  or worse, someone I associated with.
That's when it happened. IT being everything I didn't want to come early. Chase popped his head out the front door and immediately sized up Mr. 7.
"What's going on?"
"Oh, nothing, sweetie. I'll come inside in a sec."
Chase is, well, my son, first and foremost, but mostly, he's an oddball. His many ex-girlfriends tend to favor the descriptive choice moniker of "World's Giant Douche-Bag," but apples to oranges, I say.
He definitely is hard to love, though apparently not hard to love on the first night. Yeah, you heard me; and unfortunately, I've heard it, too.
Dear Parents who have the pleasure of raising a boy(s),
Do yourself a favor and get used to the fact that grocery shopping is now a daily occurrence (rather than weekly), and that anything and everything in your house is sexually within limits. I don't mean like that landmark and disgusting scene in American Pie (you don't have to hide the key lime or meringue) I mean, like when he has a girl over, it becomes thrilling to conquer new domain: kitchen counters and your bed are very much within range. So do yourself a solid.
1) Build a poolhouse and change your locks.
2) Shred every single credit card offer he gets in the mail .
2a) Actually, if anything requires a mental complexity of more than a pull lever or push button, limit his exposure to it until at least age twenty-five. They say that's when the brain is fully formed  so hopefully, by that point, your boy will stop jumping off roofs with umbrellas, and racing Big Wheels down canyon streets, but don't count on it  mine definitely hasn't.
3) Give him food and shelter while he's loyal and sweet, but at the first sign of a snarl, take him out back and, yeah, you've seen Old Yeller, right?
Cheers,
Casey Ringer
PS. When he hits the ripe age of thirteen, if you still have that "Pro-Life" bumper sticker, you're a better person than I.
So there my little degenerate in question was Staring down Mr. 7 like Jason Stackhouse would a vampire. I only say that, because for the last seven years (basically the length of the "True Blood" series, minus the seasons where it got fully gay) Jason Stackhouse was Chase's IDOL. He unretired his high school JV football shirt to look like him and even followed the same workout plan - which, if you ask the many girls that he brings home, they'd say Chase has an even better body than Jason, but don't tell Chase that (or Ryan Kwanten, for that matter.) He already can't pass anything metallic without a thorough flexing and pec inspection.
So there he was, wide-legging the doorway, and subtly flexing from under the Titanic jacket I swiped earlier, and to top it off, he had a bright green dart gun tucked inside his waistband.
"Who's he?" Chase added to the tension by striking first.
"You don't really need to worry about that."
"I'm not worried, just want to know who the fuck you are? And nice shirt, tough guy, I remember when I shopped at The Buckle."
"Oh, yeah. You like that?"
"Not as much as my little brother would."
Oh, snap. I know he doesn't have a little brother; Chase was fishing for a dis right there. He could have fished a little longer, if you asked me, but it must have worked because Mr. 7 took a step forward and added,
"How about you step back inside, while I tell your mom what she NEEDS to DO?"
I was about to step in here, when Chase quickly drew his dart pistol and shot the guy in the face. Silence followed, and the guy looked shocked. You could literally hear the little, plastic dart hitting the pavement. Before I could jump inside and lock the front door, I felt a hand shoving me aside from behind as Mr. 7 lunged for Chase. But  if you know anything about Jason Stackhouse, you'd know this: he fights, a LOT.
Whammmm!!!
Chase just leveled the guy with a right hook to the eye socket. I heard something crack and then thud! as the guy did a backward belly-flop into my herb garden. Remind me to have Enrique double the watering; it's been hot this month.
Honest to God, that's what I thought. The last few days of my life had basically played out like a movie, so that's just how I reacted. Like the guy was bleeding safely from inside a TV screen and not possibly plotting retaliation on my firstborn. I was snapped right back into real life when I heard Chase yelling out, "That's me telling YOU to fuck right off."
"I'll call you," I said as I jumped back inside, dragging Chase by his RMS lapel and locking all three bolts.
"You'll what? The fuck, Mom? Guy's a complete tool."
"Says the grown man with a dart gun"
"There was a three dollar minimum on cards at the gas station. So I grabbed these bad boys," he said as be pulled the other "pink bad boy" from his back waistband, adding, "I've been hunting flies all night. Probably the most fun I've had in weeks."
"Wow, you need a girlfriend."
"I got one upstairs; no worries."
I couldn't help hoping it wasn't Cassie. I knew I couldn't tell him; tension was already tight after our failed dinner with Barbie Skank; so, I decided to just let it run its course and wait for Chase to get bored, or, well for Chase to get bored.
"And, NO, it's not Cassidy. Don't even worry"
I was about to congratulate his psychic abilities when I noticed the back door was wide open. Oh, Jesus, I thought. Mr. 7 probably sneaked around back and is hiding somewhere, behind some door, just waiting to coldcock Chase and exact his revenge.
Chase saw me staring at the door, probably with my face ashen white.
"Oh, don't worry; I left it open."
I looked at him like he just sprouted fangs.
"You WHAT? You know how high the bill gets when you do shit like that, Chase."
"Well, I started to run out of flies."
"You I'm sorry what?"
"I started to run out of flies, so I let a few in."
Blank stare went here.
I guess he felt the need for more explanation, and followed with, "What? It's still fair sport; I mean, they have the choice to come inside. I just leave them the option."
I wasn't really blankly staring because of this new, and obviously moronic, yet creative, way of dispatching insects, NO. I was baffled. Pure and simple. Here I was, traipsing all over town, sneaking into she/he bars, narrowly escaping rape, getting arrested, stalked, and for what? So Chase can hunt flies with a dart gun? Jesus Christ. Now you can see that my whole "Pro-Life" advice wasn't far off, huh?
"Don't even get all animal rights on me. It's better than dying on some sticky-tape."
From a fly's perspective, he was totally right; but from mine, he could NOT HAVE BEEN MORE WRONG.
"If they made flypaper big enough, I'd stick you to it. Trust me." I said as I went into the kitchen, popped open two bottles of Pinot, and grabbed my laptop. I wanted to finish my article before all the ramifications of the day came thundering down.
 Your car is in IMPOUND, but where?
 How much will that cost?
 On a scale of one to ten, how pissed is Mr. 7?
 Who will watch the house while I'm serving time in Bev Hills? Obviously, not Chase.
Those were only the first few, but they didn't last long. I got real good and hammered, pounded out another two thousand words, polished it as best I could and sent it straight away to Sharoo. I think it was close to two am by the time all was said and done, but, again, who can be sure? I was pretty gone.
The next morning  or should I say, early afternoon? 'Cause it was about three pm, and don't judge me, guys, I had a hard night  Chase was in his usual spot on the couch, eating Lucky Charms and playing Madden 25 (I only know because I, of course, had to buy it for him).
"Hey, so that guy last night was he a co-worker of yours, or what?"
"Not really, no. Why?"
"But he knows Sharoo, right? Isn't he going to be pissed I punched his like, little cousin or goonie or whatever?"
The game hissed in the background, praising Chase for a solid rushing touchdown, distracting him enough to not answer my first attempt at asking him why he was asking. So I powered down the TV  much better  and asked again., "WHY do you ask?"
"Aggghhh!!! You know I hate when you do that, woman."
"Call me 'woman' again, Chase, and I'll back over you with my car and claim it was an accident, so help me God."
"Jesus, morbid much?"
"I'll try this again, as I'm severely hung over and starting to dislike men as a whole. Why do you ask, darling?"
He flicked back on the TV, obviously recognizing that I'm the epitome of idle threats. God, I should have beaten him as kid; maybe then, I'd get some respect.
"There was a business card for"
He trailed off here and yelled at some burly guy on the screen for tackling some other burly guy.
"Chase, seriously, can we focus here?"
"For Esquire or whatever tabloid you used to work for. I think it's Sharoo's personal card."
He grabbed it off the coffee table and handed it over. It was Sharoo's card. This puzzled me a bit. Mr. 7 must not have been that pissed at getting punched if he left a business card.
"You're saying he slipped the card under the door?"
"No. I found it in his jacket."
Now I was confused even further. I know Mr. 7 didn't have a jacket. Whom could he have meant?
"What jacket?"
"The Titanic one. By the way, I'm keeping that as collateral. Looks better on me, anyway."
Hold the phone. Hold the horses. Hold whatever metaphor you can think of, this was NOT ADDING UP, at all. You can see that, right? Because that Titanic jacket was from the producer I met on the lot. There couldn't be a connection to Sharoo. No way. I thought about it then. They both were disgustingly forward to women, sure, and they both That was it. Nothing else connected them. I needed more info.
"Was there anything else in the jacket?"
"Yeah, a piece of paper with some numbers on it."
He pointed to the table where a sticky note was lying. Apparently, his game was heating up and he couldn't bear to lift a finger. I grabbed it and it read something like this:
Assistant with the stupid hair: (323) 217-4087
Assistant with the stupid hair and annoying accent: (323) 443-8769
Assistant #3: (323) 329-5679
The third assistant was already crossed off the list. I decided to call the first and investigate.
"This is Martha," a squeaky voice rang out, like she was unsure if that was factual or not. I mean, normally, a person can say his or her own name and not think twice. They don't wonder if they're one hundred percent sure, and that there's no way, no foreseeable alternative to where that might not have been their name.
But in Hollywood, working for a tyrant of a boss, as many do, you learn to question things as simple as your own name, or say, if the color blue is actually blue. Assistants are preened to be factual, right, and justified on every response. They can't be Wikipedia or Google. Those things aren't always right, and an assistant must be. Talk about pressure, eh?
So I knew to call the first assistant. Likely, she would have been there the longest, the one most enduring, and the one who knew not to ask questions  because friends, family and coworkers to the assistant's boss are even more demanding. When they call, they expect to be recognized and handed off to the person of power within seconds. I knew the power game, I knew Hollywood, and that's why I called assistant number 1 (who apparently, had "bad hair"). Though I bet it was that bad hair that kept her from boys, which led to her acceptance at Harvard, and then to the thirty-two-thousand-dollar-a-year job of someone's personal bitch. But thus it is, in La La Land.
"Where is he?" I asked, making sure my tone was very curt, as if I had already been through a gauntlet of assistants and wasn't prepared to placate her proof of person request. That was a mouthful, huh?
"He's on his way to the wrap party, Anne. How are you?"
Success!!! Whether she thought I was the wife or mistress, who knew? Yes, the assistants (especially the first) are basically an appendage to their bosses. They know all about their personal affairs and are often even required to arrange them  Yes, sir, dinner at four with the Mrs., reservations already confirmed, and you're hotel is booked for tonight with, ahem, you know who." Producers = pigs. Not always, but mostly so.
I better not rock the boat and keep it short, I thought, so I followed with, "Fine. What's the address again? I wrote it down, but left it in my yoga pants. Would you be a dear?"
Ah, dammit, so much for being curt. The line went quiet. My "would you be a dear?" must have been a giveaway. Whoever I was pretending to be must have been a real snip. I didn't blame them though, Mrs. or Mistress, either way, they both have to do the mattress tango with soy sauce tongue. I'd be snippy, too.
I decided to wait out the silence, and hope she'd just chalk it up to Quaaludes kicking in early.
"Okay, I just texted it to you. Click on the link and it'll automatically go to maps."
Damn, she was good. Harvard indeed. But it didn't exactly help me, I didn't have the phone in question.
"Yeah, well, stupid me, the phone was in the yoga pants, too. And the other fun fact I forgot to mention I washed them. Be a dear, I'm at the salon, would you send it to Jean-Su's number? She won't care."
"Of course, what's the number?"
Success part two. Now, I just had to sneak into the real wrap party, do some more digging, connect the dots on this whole Sharoo and producer connection and be back in time for a bubble bath. Who knows? If I wrapped up early enough, I might have time to untraumatize Spinkle from his unfortunate run-in with the dart gun.
In hindsight (by the way, Hooked-on-Phonics, my ass; try and spell that shit without a word processor) I COULDN'T HAVE BEEN MORE WRONG.
I gave her the number (my number, not Jean-Su's, which now I see was totally racist) and she left the conversation with one last tip, "Oh and by the way  the theme is Kentucky Derby."
**The Real Wrap Party**
"What do you even wear to a derby party? I mean, where do I begin?" I asked myself, as I spread-eagled my closet doors and started my search. "Without a doubt, my furs are out. That's for sure. If I wrap up in a mink, it'll look like horse-mane and then it's just a matter of time  and too many mint juleps  before some prick thinks I'm his stead and mounts me."
PSYCH!!!!
I won't make you re-read this again. I just liked the "stead" part. I know, I know, tooting my own horn and what not, but, so what? When something's good, it's good.
Plus, I wanted to see if you were paying attention  and you better be, you slacker, you. If you were paying attention, you'd know we are right back to where I, so wrongfully, started my story. Way, way, back some odd number of pages ago.
I wish I could like warp back in time and tell myself not to go to that party, but hindsight's twenty-twenty, right? There's that word again. But, I don't have the little dealie that spins and glows and zips you back a few light years, so, let me continue with what really happened. Hold onto your seats, folks, this is where shit really gets weird.
Naturally, the walkup WAS Italian Rhine. I forgot to purse a pair of nylons after Spinkle distracted me with his skittish behavior  he was nipping at shadows and didn't trust the drapes, which I found hilarious  so I decided to just walk up au naturelle, forgetting the shoes all together.
There was a valet at the top of the hill, inching cars in tightly, sweat beading on his head  hoping, but more likely, begging, for a "scratch-free" day. I don't know why he was so worried. The cars must've had those camera dealies installed (likely stock); I was sure of it. The driveway looked like Jay Leno's garage  countless collectibles and shiny one-of-a-kinds parked all over.
Maybe he was sweating from the heat, I thought. Doubtful, it was nearly night and the temp drops in the hills, especially from as high up as on this perch.
He eyed me and my bare feet as he rolled a Rolls to a stop and asked, "Would you like me to bring your car up, ma'am? There's still space."
"No, that won't be necessary. Thank you." I said as I wandered past blindly. There were six doors, white columns, and plenty of pruned shrubbery to distract people from the proper entrance. Catering was buzzing about, using all but most of the doors, so they weren't any help (well, I guess they technically were) so I decided to ask Sweaty-Head, "What entrance should guests enter through?"
"Hug the right side, go on past catering, and everyone should be out back by the pool."
"Gracias."
Shit, I thought. Now that I was under the shade of the plantation-like home, I could see that not only was he sweating more than I thought, but he was also of the darker flavor. Likely, Puerto Rican, but still, dark enough to warrant a reaction to me saying "gracias."
I attempted to recover with, "I'm I didn't mean to Just an expression, you know."
"Ma'am, I'm from Florida. Caucasian as hot-dogs and NASCAR. I'm just tan from moving cars all day."
"Oh, not a bad day job, huh?"
"Yeah, well, it's just that  a 'day job.'"
"Oh, and what, might I ask, is your night job?"
I was hoping he'd answer with something intriguing, like "I'm a high class escort," or "I play Dracula at Club Dread," Or, you know, something other than what he did say, which was,
"I'm an actor. You know, like everyone else and their mom out here."
"Well, if they decide to reboot Zorro, I think you've got a real good shot."
"Thank you. Don't say that too loud though, the gardener and nanny might want in," he finished with a wink.
Hey, had to hand it to him, he knew the hustle. Kid with his work ethic, tenacity, smarts, and self-awareness would, no doubt, get shat on out here, but still I was rooting for him. Whatever that's worth.
"Ha, clever. Well, I'll see you around," though as it left my lips, I doubted it would ever be so. I pulled my shoes from my purse, slipped 'em on, and made my way around the right side of the house, dodging white coats and steamy soufflees, ducking under juniper and following the sounds of giggles. I rounded the corner and that's when I saw him, Connor Weston, in the flesh. He was double-fisting champagne and flashing that million-dollar smile all around, like he was a fan on the "swivel" setting. Huh, this is going to be interesting, I thought, as I walked right up to him.
Now here's the deal. I know by now you either left  dropping this book off to storage, or on the top of your toilet, or to mold in your beach bag until you stumble on it next summer and think about giving it a finish  or you're still with me, which means you're used to my play-by-play, spare no details, style of narration. It can get old. I know. Try being in the head that writes and lives it. Just terrible. But, my point is, I don't really remember how the next part happened. Honest to God. I remember snippets. Fittingly, if what happened between Connor and me was a movie, I logged about as much as the trailer.
So here it is:
Cue deep, movie-man voice. You know the one "In a galaxy far, far away There was a boy." Blah-blah-blah, sexy growl. Sexy growl.
Okay, so the rest is his voice, ready? Okay
Casey Ringer just wanted a little peace. A little quiet. But when her seedy ex-boss calls in a favor, she finds herself IN OVER HER HEAD. (Snippets of what happened to me flash by here. Soy sauce tongue, my dream sequence of me crashing the car and getting eaten by a shark, you know, the visual stuff). Her subject: Connor Weston  Hollywood hotshot and ladies' man extraordinaire. She follows his every move, only to find out he wasn't cheating as expected, and the woman in the picture was HE. This summer, it will shock you. it will thrill you. (fade to black, then text zooms in hard): You've Got Blackmail!
Okay, the title is a bit much. I'm just poking fun of Hollywood's addiction to sequels. Meg Ryan might have one year left on her studio contract and nothing else to do, so they throw her in as me and play it as a You've Got Mail spinoff dark sequel. If Christopher Nolan can make Batman darker and more serious, why not with this? Honest to God, I feel like this is what they think sometimes. But now, I'm off topic. And I really didn't tell you anything you didn't know with that trailer thingy. It mostly just brought the harsh reality to light that my story sounds like a bad Spanish soap opera and I'll likely never sell the rights. Butt-fuck it.
So, here's what I should've just plainly said  Connor and I hit it off! And I mean, hugely. At first, it was awkward, when he realized I was the stalker he sent the cops after, but we got over that. He liked my tenacity, a similar trait he said he once shared, which led to his stardom. I proceeded to knock him down a peg here and tell him that once my piece came out, he inevitably would become a very different famous. He wasn't mad, and replied, "Celebrity is like a really cool accessory you can't take off. At first, it's cool. And everyone compliments you, but it gets really old fast."
At about this point, he got a bottle of champagne, snagged a whole tray of hors d'oeuvres and hacked up a hill to chat it out. We smoked like forty cigs and really hit it off. That's when my guilt started to set in. What if they're all like this? What if every celebrity I ever gossiped on, every one about whom I highlighted their cellulite, or spun as a bad parent what if they're all just victims of circumstance? That lasted about mmmm two seconds, when I realized the majority of them really are terrible human beings.
We hit it off so well, we decided to move the party back to my place. Maybe it was because Connor was fifteen years my junior; or maybe because I didn't want to lose the warmth of day-drinking; but, for whatever reason, we kept drinking well into the night.
"Don't you at least want to know why?" he said as he sighted in a fly with Chase's dart gun, clicking, but shooting wide right, and sending the fly buzzing off in search of a safer perch. "Damn, this is kinda fun. Hard though"
"Why what?" I asked as I poured us another round of tequila.
"Why I was at the club. You know I'm not really into that shit, right? I mean  no offense to those that are, but yeah. Don't you want to know why?"
" Look, no judgment here. You don't need to defend"
" No, no. Look here, if it were true, I'd be sporting that shit. I wouldn't go all Eddie Murphy, getting caught red-handed, but calling it blue. Nah. If I did it, I'd own up to it. Trust me."
"So why then? Was it like a John Holmes thing?"
He took his shot, barely even wincing, his eyes panning, scouring the walls of my kitchen in search of another fly. He loaded another dart, and turned to question, "What John Holmes thing?"
"You know. He was that porn star. Like THEE PORN STAR. Boogie Nights was based on him."
"Yeah" He stared at me curiously.
"Well, he supposedly bedded, like, thousands of women. And towards the end, things got I don't know stale, I guess, 'cause he just up and switched to dudes."
"Really?"
"Look it up."
"No, I mean you REALLY think I've slept with thousands of women? When would I have time to eat? I mean, I did well enough in my normal days, but I've only been 'fuck me famous' for a bit. Let me put it like this, have you EVER had a good one night stand?
"Well, I mean"
"No. Think about it first. I'm not talking about a good story. I'm talking about the sex. Has it ever really been good? Like you were connected, in sync, and really present, you know?"
"Wow, you sure there's not a woman trapped in there?" I joked with him as I poured us another round.
"Why would you say something so MEAN?" he joked back, fake crying and fanning his face. Ah, actors.
"All I'm saying is, being famous or whatever, definitely makes it easier to get laid, but almost impossible to get anything more. Like, say you and your ex break up, he tells his friends you're this and that, and maybe just to be a dick, he tells everyone in his circle that you have herpes."
"Yeah, not fully following here."
"Well, for me, that ex doesn't have a circle of friends. The lies don't stop there. They can go to well, you, I guess, and dump off that load of bullshit for cash. And, on that note, fuck you."
"No, I get that. And I'm sorry. You know, it's like killing with a drone. If you don't really know your target, it's easier. Wow, I'm drunk. That made noooooo sense."
"It's not your fault. It's business."
"Business is bullshit."
"Amen."
"SO WHY THEN? Why the sudden interest in dressing like a woman if you aren't really into that kind of stuff?"
"It was for a role. Shit was going to be my Rainman. My Oscar nom, you know."
"No I have no idea what you're talking about."
"I don't know. It's all kinda sketch now."
"What isn't out here?"
"Yeah, true, but this was different. They supposedly had the funding lined up, and apparently, the script was coming from someone tied to the money guy, which is always a plus."
"Did you meet the money guy?"
"No. Talked to him a bit. Some Arabic dude. Weird name. Reminded me of Aladdin. What was the little monkey's name? Achuu? Arooo?"
I could feel the color draining from my face. My cheeks went cold, my vision flushed white and hot at the realization of what might be there's no way he could mean Sharoo, or is there? I mean the man is ridiculously shady, but this? How? Why?
"The monkey's name was Abu. Was Chase's favorite. I practically know every line. But, this guy. Was his name Sharoo?"
"Ah, I mean maybe that sounds right. I don't know. They said it was like a re-imagining of The Crying Game. They wanted me to go in character to the club and do a little research. I mean, shit, I've had to do worse for roles."
"And then what? You frequent the club for a couple weeks, jot some notes, and then?"
"Shit fell through. My agent just called and said funding was lost, on to the next."
"And this all happened recently?"
"Yeah, last month or so. Shitty timing, though, what with White House Down coming out this weekend. The press from your piece will probably kill the opening. Or help it. Who knows? Probably kill it though. That other White House disaster movie is opening with us. They'll probably clean house or should I sayclean White House?"
"Wait, who's producing that?"
"I think it's Warners and New Line."
"No, I mean producer-wise."
"Oh, a real douche. Soy Sauce Tongue Producer's Name goes here."
"Oh my God! This was all a setup. Sharoo used me to tank your film. He knew my name was credible, and that if I surfaced for a piece, it would have to be a big one. He must be backing that other film."
"Probably, tricky hobbits."
"Wait, what? You aren't mad? They played us. They're outing you as a transvestite to try and tank your family movie. This is this goes beyond psychotic. It's mastermind-ful. It's"
"Hollywood. Don't let it get to you."
"No, fuck that. We're stopping this."
"How?"
"I'm going to sabotage my piece."
"Yeah right! You already turned in your copy. It'll be at every Vons, Ralphs and Joe's in LA by morning."
"Don't worry. I have a plan"
The Walgreens light buzzed and pulsed above us.
"How is this going to work again? Re-explain."
"It's simple," I said as I took Chase's dart gun, holding it at arm's length. The spray paint can rattled in my other as I held my breath and coated the toy gun black.
"He's banking on my credibility."
"Who is?"
"The fuckin' tooth fairy. Come on, Connor. Sharoo."
"Can we just call him Abu? In my head, that's better. Or easier," he said as he swatted away the fumes clouding around his face. "All right, it looks real enough. You can stop now."
I turned the plastic gun over, inspecting, examining, and checking for imperfections, or any hint that it wasn't metal and capable of killing  not just projecting a plastic stick at the speed of a spit wad.
"It's got to look believable."
"Why don't you just get a real gun? I probably know a guy, if I really think about it."
"What? NO. I want them to think I'm desperate, not delusional."
"Okay, so, just to reiterate, again, you want to hold up a Walgreens Pharmacy, with a fake gun, asking for narcotics "
"Any painkillers really. Remember, I'm supposed to be desperate. I'm supposed to be heavily addicted, likely forced into retirement and looking for any sort of fix  financial or otherwise."
"Jesus, wayyyyyy too drunk for this."
I handed him the "gun," and added, "Here. Blow on this."
"Buy me dinner first"
I genuinely laughed here. Maybe it was at the absurdity of the situation, but in hindsight (ah, there it is again) I didn't once stop to think this might, umm  I don't know  come with ramifications. Seriously, liquor does that to you. I felt like Superwoman: unfazed and invincibly unstoppable.
What an idiot I was.
I had conceived a life-changing plan, after a day of binge drinking and little to no nourishment, after being in jail, almost raped, stealing a dog, and  oh you get the point  I wasn't equipped to make any call.
But I was pissed. Who wouldn't be? Sharoo straight up used me.
"Okay, so what happens when the cops get here and shoot you? Fake gun or not, they're trigger happy here. You seen the news lately?"
"I'm going to call it in myself. They'll find out the gun was fake, and most likely order a blood test to check for drugs, only to find massive amounts of Hydrocodone and"
"Wait, so you do have a problem?"
"No I mean, maybe that's another can of worms. Stay focused. I have the perfect MO."
"Side note: I've always wondered what that meant?"
"Modus Operandi. Means like Method of Operation."
"Gotcha, so your MO being "
"I've had more elective surgeries in the past year than showers."
He looked at me, disgust owning his expression.
"Not literally. But I have had a lot shit, maybe I do have a problem."
"Look, I appreciate you wanting to save my movie opening, but, really, this is too much. I already got mine. They paid me. I can retire, maybe milk this whole cross-dressing thing. It won't be that bad. Ellen would still have me. Maybe I'll write a book. Call it 'The Woman in Me.'"
"No. I can't let that happen. I just need you to drive my car back and post my bail. I'll put a leak in to the other tabloids and I'll be front page tomorrow. They'll say something dumb like 'One of our own gets in deep.' They'll call me out on drug addiction, maybe add a blurb about future plans for rehab, and Sharoo's story will be killed. They'll never print my piece with me in this 'condition.' My credibility will be history."
"You should be my publicist actually, NO, you kinda scare me. Wait, yes; will you?"
"We'll talk after. Don't forget to post bail. I'm counting on you."
Plucking a scarf from my purse, a white Hermes, I naturally de-lipsticked before wrapping my face. Come on, I have to look good, and I was actually prepared for this mugshot. Kinda makes me question my sanity a little. There I was, about to rob a Walgreens just to get payback on a past employer; and I was more concerned about ruining my scarf than doing hard time.
I tied it in back, tossed my hair over the knot, and palmed the freshly painted gun, which was still wet, and sticking to my hand as I hopped out of the car and went under the neon-pulsing sign of Walgreens.
A few years back, I remember reading a story, I think it was out of Colorado or somewhere in the middle  blech!!!  of our United States (kidding, I'm actually more partial to that area lately). Anyway, some guy in the middle of a deep, frenzied come-down, robbed a pharmacy with a thirty-inch Samurai sword. He was held at the county jail with a fifty-thousand-dollar bail on suspicion of aggravated robbery of a controlled substance and felony menacing, or something.
I think he pulled a Bernie and Made-off with a load of Oxycotin (aka the good stuff), but was tracked down and pummeled by police who did the pummeling with their batons. Serves him right, if you ask me.
My point, if there really is one, is that, I, I don't know, assumed that they'd be rather lenient on me. They, being the big, bad fist of the law. I didn't carry a sword or display dangerous demeanor. This was my first offense (assuming that Connor dropped the trespassing charges, which I knew he would).
Plus, how bad could court-mandated rehab be? I thought as the electric doors parted and greeted me with a beep. Why are Walgreens pharmacies so goddamn bright? I passed a display of Snickers and discounted paper and turned hard left to the pharmacy.
Don't overthink it, I told myself as I beelined it, past the Dr. Scholl's and laxatives, of which they're were more laxatives than soles, which begs the question, is regularity really more important than back pain? Past a case of cough syrup that had been drained dry; many a tweaker cooks in California  and finally, made it up to the counter. I could hear pills clanking around in back, automatically dispensing.
"Can I help you  oh, wow," the pharmacist stopped mid-sentence, throwing up his hands limply, like he was doing a stadium wave rather than surrendering. The pharmacist must have been an intern, at best, and still too young to grow a beard. He had patches here and there, a few chin whiskers, some lengthy sideburns, but nothing that told me he was experienced or employed long enough to know how to handle such a situation as this: a scarf-wrapped woman, poking a gun in his face, saying,
"Look, this gun is fake, but I need for you to act like it isn't."
"Wait, what?" he stood tensely, still untrusting.
"Don't freak out. This is fake," I showed him the handle where the paint peeled off and was stuck to my palm, "but I want you to ACT like it isn't."
He dropped his arms with slight relief.
"What are you? Get those back up there! I said to act like this is real."
"I am so confused, lady, really, I don't know what's going on here."
"For whatever reason, I need you to believe I'm sticking you up. Now go get me a large order of whatever painkiller isn't in the locked safe."
"Okay, and then what?"
"Just bag it up and we'll go from there."
"Ugh, okay you want me to ring the silent alarm? Actually, to be honest, I don't really know how to do that, but"
"No, don't worry about that. I'll call it in myself."
I think I may have broken the poor kid's brain. After a few blank stares, he kinda shuffled off, mumbling, "Don't move to California, they said. People are crazy in California, they said. But, NO, I just didn't listen. Muncie was too small for mewhine, whine, whine some more"
Turning from the pharmacy, I pulled out my phone, dialing 911 as I walked down the snack aisle. I barely listened to the ringing while examining my choices. Peanuts  were they the spicy kind? NO. Okay, that won't do. Hmmmm, Pork Rinds. Again, are they spicy? No. Also no good. Aha! Wasabi peas. Perfect.
I grabbed a bag and made my way back to the pharmacy, but before I could reach it, the phone line rang through. "911; what's your emergency?"
"Uh yes, I'd like to turn myself in."
"Where is your location, ma'am? Are you hurt?"
"No, I just robbed the Walgreens on Ventura and Laurel Canyon. I'll wait 'til you get here," I said as I hung up and turned to face the spindly intern, with bag in hand. I tore into it, swallowed a few of the pills dry  and opened the bag of wasabi peas. Have to make the remorse look real, right? So I downed a handful and the forced tears began to form. Ah, that's spicy, but my sinuses feel so clear!!!!
"Shit, maybe I do have a problem," I thought as I slunk down, tossed the plastic gun, and prepared for my second arrest of the weekend.
Yeah so wasn't expecting this, I thought as I sobered up and really took it all in. Wasn't exactly Beverly Hills Jail, I'll tell you that much. Van Nuys is definitely a lower rung on the class ladder.
"I want a lawyer" I yelled out to no one of importance besides the lady scratching her forearm red and rocking in the corner, "please." I threw that in for good measure, but still, no response.
I remember my headache set in real thick then, and the cement I sat on felt cold as no amount of my skirt could be coaxed into covering my butt; and I was thinking, well, this totally and utterly, fucking sucks.
"Ah, we meet again" said a familiar voice. It was a man's voice, and he purposefully dropped it an octave to sound more theatrical? Maybe.
"Not talking 'til I get my lawyer," I said without looking up. He didn't answer, so I folded and sneaked a peek
Staring right at me was the guy from the club (remember the bathroom incident, 'cause I sure do). The same guy I saw at the coffee shop with Cindy. Now, there's no way this could be chalked up to coincidence  I knew something was up. LA is small, but it just isn't that small.
"You sure about that?" he asked as he unlocked the cell with a crunch and a swing. "How about we talk a little first?"
"Uh, are you sure?" I said, with the uncertainty of a prom night virgin.
"Yeah, I'm sure."
I'm like you in that I assumed being "interrogated" involved a swinging light, a cop with a nice nature, and one with a not-so-nice one, metal, bolted-down chairs, and one-way glass that reflected your predicament right in your face, as if to say, "Look at what you've become! Momma would be so proud."
Not the case. Movies do that to you. They dramatize everything. And, really, if you ask me, I'd say my situation was (and is) dramatic enough on its own. I was about to relive it AGAIN  ugh!!!  but Bar Guy beat me to it
"Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Hold up. So you're telling me you and Sharoo were not ever, and are not currently, intimate?" he asked from his swivel chair. Palm trees bounced outside, and the crest of the morning peeked its shitty, shiny head through the windows. Ugh. I had been here all night by this point, and gracefully glossed over the gist of my story, but I really didn't want to get into anymore details. I just wanted to post bail and sleep the day away  anything to subdue my massive hangover.
I decided to answer him anyway. "No. Far from it. Didn't you write this down?" I flicked his pad across his desk, "Or is this just for doodling?"
"Okay, you're mad. I get that."
"Not mad. I'm just waiting for an explanation from YOU now."
"My explanation?"
"Uh, yeah I'd say you owe me just as much of a reason why you did what you, uh, did"
He looked at me strangely.
"Hey, fuck you Mr. Condescension. I haven't slept in hours and I spent the bulk of the night behind bars. My brain is a little lagging. Sorry I'm not sorry."
"So why did he buy you a car?" He pulled out a sheaf of paper and shook it matter-of-factly. "A 2014 Mercedes SLR, to be exact. Forgive me, but in my business, the boss buying you a car isn't considered normal."
"That's why I'm not in YOUR business."
"Fine." He pulled out a fat pen with buttons, clicked one, laid it on the table and gave me a look that said, "Go."
"What?"
"Start from the beginning."
"Uh, okay we worked together before."
"Who?"
"Sharoo and I. How many times do I have to tell you?"
"Again, it's not for me." He shoulder-shrugged towards the pen, lying lifeless, but listening.
"Okay, fine. SHAROO and I, Casey Ringer, used to work together. I retired when I popped out my ungrateful son and only came back to do big pieces. Big gossip pieces, you know. A-list stuff. It pays the best, so if you're listening, don't judge. That ungrateful son ate a lot."
"Good, continue just like that."
"Oh, yeah, you like that, don't you?" I purred.
"I'd LIKE it if you stayed on topic here."
"Buzz kill, geez. Okay, so Sharoo called me. Told me someone caught Connor Weston cheating. They had pictures and proof and everything. Only the quality wasn't proof enough, and he needed me to look into it. So I did, which he planned on me doing. He knew that I was thorough and would eventually piece together that Connor was the girl in the picture. He kept frequenting a transgender club"
"What picture? Actually, no. Later for that. Here in LA? What club?"
"Yes, here in LA. Club Manhatran. You know, the tran meaning tranny. Pretty clever, I thought."
He looked on, unamused.
"All righty, well, he knew something this juicy would have me and anyone else working in print, for that matter, absolutely salivating. He knew I'd write it out, write it fast, and have it back to him in a flash. That's how I am. Swift and reliable. That's why he chose me, I guess. And bought me the car Prick." I looked at the pen, then back at him. "Sorry."
"We aren't schoolgirls here. Continue."
"Okay, so yeah, he hired me and I found exactly what he intended for me to find."
"How's that. Clarify that part?"
"Connor wasn't really into it. He has a movie coming out this weekend. Sharoo funded a competing film that's opening the same weekend. Crafty Saudi faked a role for Connor, telling him it was like some remake of The Crying Game, or something asinine, and that he needed to be open to leggings and a fat check.
"He advised Connor to do some research, and absorb what he could see. Real Method-Acting type stuff. You know, like Nick Nolte eating dog food and pretending to be homeless for a role. Though, something tells me it wasn't much of a stretch for him. Yeah, anyway, Sharoo told him a possible location  the club. And when he went there, Sharoo had, I don't know, one of his minions waiting with a camera. He takes the pictures, sends them to me, and boom!"
"Then he hires you?"
"Yeah, he needed the story to come out before the movie's opening. Connor's movie is a family film, so he probably figured the bad press would tank the opening and leave his film open to reap, monetarily, I suppose. Stuff like this happens all the time, believe it or not, but  I don't know  not to me. I don't like being used."
I made a point here of staring into Bar Guy's eyes and really sending it home, with, "Really, I don't like being USED."
He moved on right past it and said, "So why the Walgreens?"
"I was mad and a little drunk. I met Connor and didn't feel great about what might come of this. I mean, come of him afterwards, you know. This is a career killer. And for what, you know?"
He didn't.
"Well, whatever, I don't need your approval. The gun was fake, I called myself in and obviously, I don't have a real drug problem. This is my first real offense, so I'm not exactly quaking in my boots here."
"What if I told you I've been following you since you bought the car?"
"Like professionally? 'Cause if not, that's a bit creepy."
"And what if I also told you that we've been after Sharoo for the better part of a year now? Money laundering, sex trade, whatever greasy line of work plausible we suspect him in dabbling. How do you think he got that kind of 'movie' cash?"
"I don't know. Oil money, I assumed. It's not really my job to ask."
"Well, I've got a job for you."
"Yeah? Not interested"
"That's okay. Aggravated assault is only two-year sentence. Which, honestly, you wouldn't get. But if I fudge my case log, and call my assessment of your character over this last week as dangerous and"
"Okay, I get it. Where do I sign????"
FLASH FORWARD:
To when I find myself peering out tinted windows in the back of a van. The FBI, hiding out in a surveillance van that says, "Wonder Bread" on the side, (no shit), is a real thing. Mine, though, happened to be a "Universal Plumbing" van. It gave off a mild rape-y vibe, what with its few windows and odd parking job  we were a good ten feet from the curb. If this were Santa Monica, no doubt, we would have been ticketed by Mr. Metermaid, but it wasn't. We were somewhere between Brentwood and Century City  the van: baking under the sun  me: getting strapped up with a mic.
"Don't tell me you expect them to just not see this brick," I said to Cop Guy (formerly known as Bar Guy) as he stretched out some duct tape  huct!!!  and pasted it down an inch below my boobs.
"Budget cuts. This is all we could get on short notice."
"This" being the listening device that, literally, was close to a brick in size. Picture the first cell phones, the ones that ran the length of your face and took a full fist to hold. It had to be analog. He taped the fat part to my ribs and added, "'Kay. Test it."
"What? You want me to count down from ten?"
"I don't care if you sing happy birthday in Lebanese. It's a level check. What you say is unimportant."
"Oh, you smooth talker, you."
He continued, unamused, or maybe, he didn't hear me. Hard to believe that, he had an earpiece on that was directly connected to me. I decided to play a bit, I don't know, to lighten the mood, I guess, by saying, "This is your conscience speaking: You will let Ms. Ringer go. Also, it's hot in here. You could stand to lose the shirt."
"Shirt's staying on. Okay, so here's the rundown," he kicked over a coiled extension cord like it was a snake ready to strike, put a knee in its place, and got real close to me, saying, "this is important, we don't know if they're dangerous."
"Comforting. Go on"
"Calm down. We know they won't hurt you. At least, they won't kill you. It's not like them. As far as we know, nothing suggests any use of force. And with Sharoo's direct ties to you, no way he'd let something happen."
"What am I getting them to say exactly?"
"It's more like what you're going to see."
"So what? You're gonna strap a Go-Pro thingy on me? Hate to break it to you, but unless this is a coal mine, and I can pass it off as a spelunking device, pretty sure they're gonna notice something strapped to my head; but"
He cut me off here. Thank God. I was starting to run out of snarky juice. Really, I was just irritated that I bent over and let this happen to me. I mean, I doubted it was legal, and most likely, avoidable  all I'd have to do was call my counsel, any counsel, but  I don't know, I was hung over. Heat-of-the-moment type thing. I was irritated enough to be bitchy, but bitchy isn't peanut butter to clever's jelly. They aren't married in the least. Jesus, maybe I'm hung over right now?
"Have you ever heard of a love motel?"
"You're telling me there's other reasons to rent a motel room?"
"No, real thing here. Big in Asia. You rent by the hour. Rooms are themed."
"Themed? Explain"
"Like Hello Kitty, or Space Age, with like, craters and shit  I don't know. Themed. Sometimes they have vending machines in the room. Dispensing" He blushed here. Odd, no way a man of his age worked his way into this position without gazing upon a dead body at some point. He likely had seen entrails spilling out of bodies like fresh ground hamburger meat; and yet, this, the talk of something sexual, makes him blush?
"Add-ons."
"How about you 'add on' to that sentence with a qualification. I'm not following here," I said.
Obviously, I was following. If I were a follow car, I'd be three lanes back and holding; but I wasn't a follow car, I just wanted to make him squirm. Getting carried away with cop analogies much, Casey? Jesus.
"Add-ons. Sex toys and things of that nature."
"Ahhh, I see The naughty nature."
He whipped out a pack of gum, minty, and threw in a piece. His white, almost too perfect, teeth started gnashing away as if the mint were potent enough to sterilize our dirty conversation.
That's right. Clean it up with Orbit
"Look, as I see it, you owe me. You shouldn't have even posted bail on this. Don't make me get full clich here."
"Yeah, 'cause an unmarked van and listening device strapped to my sternum isn't clichd at all"
"You scratch my back, I'll scratch yours. Don't play hooky and get the lemon cookie. You help me and I'll"
"Okay, enough. I get the point  minus the whole lemon cookie thing  pretty sure you just made that up."
"'Kay. Good. You walk in, play the whole misguided card thing."
"What misguided thing?"
"Sharoo put this address down as the billing for your car. So you play dumb; say something like, 'Oh, I'm so sorry. Is Sharoo here? Maybe I have the wrong place? But I have a bill here for him, uh he in, by chance?" he said, just like we rehearsed, moments earlier, still sweating in the van.
A ponytailed, white guy in coveralls, dropped his orbital sander, still spinning, and took me in with his eyes, "Who's asking?"
I could barely hear him over the metallic whining. "Does that thing have a silent button?" I said, overplaying my misguidedness.
It wasn't that loud, and I wasn't just being prissy, I wanted to buy time. I hadn't fully baked my story yet. We hadn't fully covered my  uh  cover. It started to get so hot in that damn van, my tape job began to unstick, so I hopped out and decided to wing it.
What to say? What to say? Think of something. Quickly now. He bent down, flicked a switch, the sander slowed, and he was back up and eyeing me before I knew it.
"Under construction, huh? Whatcha building?" I inquired, as if maybe I really was wearing that spelunking device and could hit gold that easily. The gold being for him to just open up, and tell me the whole deal right then and there. Like, "Well, you see, Love Hotels originated in Japan in 1968. Very profitable. Billion dollar industry, if you can believe it. So my boss, Sharoo Namarsmick, saw fit to bring it stateside. Only problem was, it's mildly illegal and the money he used to buy it was most likely, illegally obtained as well. I probably shouldn't be telling you this, but, uh you're just so darn purdy and, well, you're not a cop, are ya?"
That would have been too easy, right? And my life is anything but that. EASY. Thus it goes in La La Land.
Instead, what he said was,
"Follow me," before parting a plastic dropsheet that was hanging over a door and ushering me inside with a dusty finger.
Fuck! Here we go again
He didn't have to lead me far, and didn't say much. Punctual and poignant. Qualities I liked in a man. Maybe if he lost the pony and indulged in a shower, we'd have had a chance for romance of the single night variety.
I had a creepy feeling as he led me down the hall. It wasn't creepy, looks wise, though. The left side of the hall was mostly steel beams, allowing the sunlight to shine through and reflect off the uncovered, white, drywall on the other side. It almost looked heavenly and bright. Should have taken that as a sign, as well, but
I wasn't sure if he were really leading me into a wolf's den, but I had that sick, burbling, cold stomach feeling, and that was enough to normally make me bolt. However, feeling the brick on my chest, I reassured myself I was in good hands (and not the first time I had been in those hands; or rather, those hands had been ON me).
"Right in here," he said, opening the only door in the hallway. It was bolted and fixed with a lock. Likely, the functioning office for now; every construction site has one, right? Or so I thought as I entered, preparing to start yelling at the first sign of danger.
I didn't have to wait long.
Ponytail locked the door - click!  and I could hear him beep on a walkie-talkie from the other side, "Desh, we got someone in seven asking about Sharoo. I got work to do; come check it out, would you? She'll be waiting."
The room was pitch black, with no windows, and I assumed there wasn't electricity  at least, not up and running  so I didn't bother groping around the wall like a blind mouse for a switch. Instead, I cupped my chest brick and quietly whispered, "SOS. Motherfucking SOS. Locked in a room. It's black. Need I say more? Why haven't you kicked in the door yet?"
I waited for a response like the thing was a two-way. Don't judge me, you'd panic too. All reason goes right out the window (and in my situation, there was no window) so, you tell me you wouldn't lose your shit.
I decided to fumble forward, inching my foot out, hoping to find  I don't know  an uninstalled rod, or something metal and long enough to whack the shit out of whoever came through that door next. Even if it were Cop Dude, as far as I was concerned, he deserved it more than Ponytail just for getting me into this. Whack! Whack! Take off your shirt. Oh, you refuse? Whack!
I didn't find a rod, instead  hollow thump  I kicked what felt like an ottoman. I felt it, and yeah, it was an ottoman, or the closest thing to it. It was crunchy leather, and freshly Scotch-guarded. This is a "Love Motel," I thought and decided that it probably hadn't been "broken in yet" so it was safe to sit on.
And I did. In the dark. Feeling the crunch on my butt like the concrete of the jail cell. I instantly missed Chase and wondered right there, in the dark, if I would ever see my little, ungrateful shit again?
The "woe-is-me" passed really quickly. Let me tell you. I snapped right into fight and frenzy. Maybe the walls were too thick, or the signal was blocked  who knew? Certainly not I  but something told me Cop Guy wasn't tying his cape on and preparing to un-disstress this damsel. He was probably tinkering with dials and deciding if he would go with animal style, or the regular double-double after all this was over.
The van was full of burger wrappers and sucked-dry shakes. No doubt, it had suffered through shakedowns and stakeouts for years. I bet the officer checking out the van opened the door to a rude awakening of old forgotten fries on the floorboard, and, after he, himself, was done with the old girl (van), he, too ,wouldn't bother cleaning up. The guy before him didn't, right? So the next guy would hop in and the cycle restarts. Again, a snake eating its own tail. Life is circular really. Wow, look at me getting profound. I hope this isn't the "flashing before my eyes" because if my last thought involves burgers and old shakes, I'll well, shit, I can't kill myself. If this is the flashing before my eyes, that means I'm likely to die here, in this darkened sex room, the first stain of many to be whipped up and washed off, before on to the next, much like the van Oh my God, get me out of here, get me out of here, anyone. Please!!!!!!!
Snapping out of my frenzy when the lights flicked on  someone came to my aid! Yay, only  shit, it was Mr. 7 Diamonds, himself. He wasn't rocking in another pressed shirt, just a splotchy wife-beater, a walkie-talkie in hand, and a utility belt wrapped around his large frame like a prizefighter's belt.
I would have fled, but I was in awe. First, there was electricity, and I was an idiot for nixing the blind mouse thing, but what came next was so odd:
A disco ball dropped from the ceiling, slowly twirling globs of blue and pink around the room. The walls were golden and reflective as something baby-making and disco-y came from a hidden speaker, which I couldn't see. Wow, people used to be thrilled with a vibrating bed, but this? This was bravado. Gaudy, yes. But none the less, totally, utterly, and uniquely cool.
That's until a giant dildo goosed me in the butt.
No joke. The box, or ottoman, I was sitting on now had a spinning member rotating out of a hole in the center  slowly twirling, and minding its own business, as if this were a normal dance and it was just waiting for a partner to join.
Right then, I heard a familiar voice from the Mr. 7's walkie-talkie, saying "You with her yet?"
"Yeah, I'm here with her now."
In the haste of my goosing, I sprang away from the toy and was now within arm's length of Mr. 7, which I quickly fixed by hopping over the box, and keeping the spinning penis between me and my possible attacker. That was it. Just me, Mr. 7, the disco ball, and of course, the spinning penis ride. Apparently, the room wasn't finished, or they figured the box was enough of a main attraction to move on and remodel the next.
"Let me talk to her," said the voice, which belonged to none other than Sharoo, himself, as if he were trapped inside the speaker box. Mr. 7 tossed the walkie-talkie at me, and it flew past my head and smashed into the wall with a thud!
Mr. 7 looked unfazed, but annoyed.
"Maybe warn me first? I don't know, just a thought"
"Hello, Bossy Dear," I said, hoping that a little nostalgia would make the monster unsnarl his teeth. It didn't.
"So I hear we have a problem"
"No, no problem here. Love what you've done with the place though. Your decorator free?" I glanced over at the member box, adding, "My boudoir could use a little sprucing up."
"Cut the shit, Casey. You've put me in a uh," he must have cupped his walkie-talkie and walked out of earshot of his present company because it took him a bit to follow up; or maybe he was collecting his thoughts, and deciding if and how to properly kill me.
"I really don't like where you've put me."
"Sharoo, baby, the only place I've put you is down as a reference. Let's keep this totally business, how about it?"
"Yeah; put Sarko back on."
Sarko, huh? Mr. 7 has a name after all. But really what kind of name is that? The parents destined him for a life of crime with a doozy like Sarko. That, or mopping floors.
I flicked the walkie-talkie back at him, deliberately missing by a good ten feet for good measure. It hit with another hollow thud! followed by a sharp snarl from Sarko, himself.
"See? Not so easy, is it?"
His snarl turned sour and he let a smile slip. "Hey boss, tell me I get this one? Call it my Christmas bonus."
"No, let her go. I'll deal with this later."
His smile soured like a kid who'd just been told Christmas would be delayed by a day. No ripping into this present, Sarko. Sorry, I'm not sorry.
"Understood," he sounded pitiful. So Sharoo  the good man that he is  took pity.
"I said let her go but I didn't say you couldn't play a while."
_______
It only took him a few seconds and one kick to the chin before he had me zip-tied in the corner. Fuck. What now? I looked around for a solution. Nothing. You already know the breakdown: I had my purse and the brick-sized listening device that was more useless to me now than the still-rotating member, and not a lot of time.
"I'll be back for you," he said as he slammed the door. The disco flicked off and the sound of silence became real thick.
Okay, I have a little time. What now? Think, Casey, think! Yelling herpes won't save you this time, although it didn't really the first time either. I blindly groped around some more, my hands behind my back, zip-ties digging into my wrists, as I grasped for something  anything.
I ripped, I tugged, I even spat on the floor and rubbed my hands in it. I've had a ring or two get stuck before. I don't know, I was hoping for anything at this point. It had been a few minutes. enough time for Sarko to really get creative and find some tools.
If only I had tools of my own.
Too bad a woman's daily tools are lipstick. I could ruin his 7 Diamonds pretty well with that, but it would only kick the beast, so that was out. Mace could not see myself whipping it out and using it properly with my hands behind my back, so that was also out.
Maybe I could jab him in the eye with eyeliner. (That sure fuckin' hurts!) Been on the receiving end of that far too many times, at far too many traffic lights. Again, that was out.
Battery-powered flatiron. I could burn him, I guess. Again, with the kicking of the beast; or I could wait. Hold the phone. Back it up. Wait a minute. Let me put some Luda in it. The FLATIRON! Oh, sweet relief. It might just get hot enough to melt these plastic boa strips squeezing my wrists.
Boom. I fumbled around in my purse, flicked it on, let it get good and hot, and then went through the most excruciating minutes I ever endured to date  aside from childbirth.
I burnt more of my wrist than the tie, and with every burn, a smoldering chunk would land and sizzle out on my sweaty palms, but alas! I was free.
The sting was still strong and I was free only maybe a minute before I heard the heavy sound of boots tromping nearer.
No time to plan a different attack, mace and eyeliner would have to do.
I hid behind the door. Click! It unlocked, and light spilled in, dilating my pupils, and apparently, not Sarko's because he didn't notice I was free. I turned with the button held down, mace streaming out, hitting the door, and hitting me, but  point in case  hitting my attacker.
Grabbing his face, he fell. I hit the door hard with my hip, knocking him in the head. He stumbled back, dazed.
And that's when my red, raucous, ruthless rage really set in.
_______
I went straight to crazy. No way around it. I started kicking him, in a leg-swinging frenzy, and a blur of hits to the face. He covered up. Like an armadillo, he rolled up into a tight ball. I kept kicking, before I turned to find something a little heftier. Something with a little more wallop. My legs were getting tired.
That's it, I'm moving yoga up to three times a week.
So I searched for something, and it wasn't long before I found it. It was there the whole time, just spinning around, flauntingly, as if to say: "Hey, I'd like to help. Not my usual MO, but I can pack a punch. I'm meaty in more than one way."
I hopped over, ripped out the dildo, and just started wailing on him. Bam!!!
Mushroom stamp to the cheek.
Shaft to the forehead.
Balls to the chin.
Just totally and completely humiliating the man. Explain those bruise shapes, why don't you? See if you don't draw some raised eyebrows on your next public exposure.
That's when I got too cocky, and perhaps, a little carried away. It happens. I stopped the beating when he no longer seemed to move or grunt. I whipped out my eyeliner, poised while pondering what message was worthy. What markings to leave? That's when he grabbed my ankle.
He must have had experience at saving his last bit of strength. Playing opossum, then striking, teeth gnashing under a clawed fury, when he was all but dead.
It worked.
My back hit hard. My head followed. He was on top of me instantly. Red raucous rage flipped, leaving me still red as his hands found my throat.
It must have been the adrenaline, or my brain just breaking down and refusing to process anymore of the asinine situations I found myself in, but suddenly, all went calm.
I didn't strain for the lack of air, or feel my lungs writhing, recycling whatever residual air I had and hoping to survive on reserves. I just saw his muscles flexing. In slow motion almost. And I started to calmly slip into white-hot bliss.
Like I was in a hot tub, slowly sinking under, first my feet and my body soon to follow.
All was warm.
All was well.
I accepted it and let myself slip even further.
But just before the warmth wrapped me up completely, I got to see it: a bullet tearing its way between his eyes. The white bliss was replaced by an equally warm red, as his head exploded into pink dust  like a shotgunned watermelon.
Kidding. I'm really kidding. I have a little pent-up rage at Mr. Sarko, if you didn't already notice. Did I take it too far there? Who can really tell anymore?
Truth is, that's not what happened. If it did, it probably would have scarred me for life.
What really happened was fast and a little anti-climactic. Connor Weston, in the flesh, did what he did best, more times than not, and in more movies than he'd care to admit. He kicked the bad guy right in the face.
Boom! His favorite movie lines followed, "Hey, I love Chiclets oh, wait, them be your teeth."
I couldn't blame him. He probably rehearsed the line a million times with a million different inflections and accents. And, after saving me, he deserved it. My shining, tinseled, Hollywood knight came to the rescue.
Apparently, after he came to post my bail, he saw me getting escorted into a mysterious van, and decided to follow. Bless his soul. Once outside, he confronted Cop Guy. They got into it for a bit. Stories were shared, sides were discussed, and after a good fifteen minutes of arguing, they decided it was best to investigate my whereabouts. The concrete was too thick to allow a full signal; after all, the brick-device was ancient, so they never heard a peep from me, I mean, how could they over the sounds of sanders and savage dildo beatings? So, they reiterated to me, from the safety of the van, they decided enough was enough.
Cop Guy went through the back as Connor did what he does best, walking right in the front, in character, and bullshitting his way inside. He got to me first. Hence the boot.
I hugged Connor tighter than yoga pants and we decided to become fast friends. Cop Guy left me with a court date and his number, in case I had any "problems." The charges were dropped and he told me he appreciated my assistance. Again, that I should let him know if I needed ANYTHING.
Prick. I mean I'll probably still call, (who am I kidding), but what an ASSHOLE. Am I right?
But, thus it is in La La Land.
And something told me, right then and there, from the back of the surveillance van, while sifting through old In 'N' Out wrappers as I pondered.
And Sharoo, you'd better put that jacket to good use for once, and start running!
Because Casey Ringer's coming!!!!

Coming Soon: JUICED by Casey Ringer

