

UNFILTERED AND UNDRESSED
Payge Galvin and Katy West

Copyright  2014 Payge Galvin
All rights reserved
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter One

Allie

First there was sex, and then came death. A little of each turned out to be more than enough on the night of the shooting at The Coffee Cave, but my real problem was that I couldnt remember how either of them came to happen, thanks to the miracle of vodka. I remember going to the club, and I remember the promise I made to my best friend, Violet. And I remember really intending to keep that promise for onceright up until the moment I didnt.
What I dont remember is walking out to the alley behind the club. I dont remember the name or face of the guy who led me there. But what I do remember thinking as I was pressed against the brick wall with my skirt hiked up to my hips, numb from the inside out thanks to lots and lots of vodka, was that he wanted me, and I really wanted to be wanted. Everyone wants to be wanted. Right?
Everyone except Violet. She just wanted to go home, where everything she ever saw, or felt, or did fit into neat little boxes, which she was perfectly in control over, all the time, so that she never had to make a mistake or live in the moment, even just a little bit.
Living in the moment was my thingespecially if that moment was drenched in alcohol and primed for oblivion. 
But if Id learned anything since the moment we left the club for the coffee shop down the street, it was that some moments were never meant to be lived in

***

Arizona in June is killerhot enough to melt you where you standand Violets foot-dragging wasnt helping that. Please get out of the car, Vi, I said, glancing over my shoulder at the front of the New Beginnings rehab facility. In three minutes, Ill be nothing but a puddle of sweat on the sidewalk.
This is your fault, she snapped, pushing long blond hair over her shoulder from the passengers seat. You should be checking in here. Youre the drunk, and we both know it.
I heard you the first four thousand times, and Im still very, very sorry. But your parents are the ones who put you here. Theyd sworn they would disown hertotally cut her off, financially and emotionallyif she didnt go to rehab. Bastards. I just drove because Because I still have my license.
You did not just Violets mouth fell open in disbelief, and the rest of her protest melted into the Tucson heat. 
Okay, I shouldnt have added that last part. She was already madder than Id ever seen her. Ever. But she was stalling, and I was broiling. 
What color were the dead guys shoes? Violet demanded softly.
What? I frowned and pushed dark strands of hair back from my face. I didnt want to think about the dead guy, and what the hell did his shoes matter, anyway? 
What color were his shoes? You remember everything from that night, right? So you remember his blood spreading all over the coffee shop tile like an oil slick. You remember watching those black snakeskin boots through the crematory window as they melted and burned. You remember checking the crematory tray for chunks of the body that might not have been incinerated. You remember all of that, right? 
Um I closed my eyes, certain the sun was frying my brain through my skull while I desperately tried to access the memories she was asking about. Images and sounds I still hadnt quite pieced together, but she obviously couldnt make herself forget. I remember holding your hair back. And feeling really guilty that Id let her get that drunk. That I hadnt noticed how much she was drinking, because Id been drinking too. And two people were kissing on the floor. A redhead and guy in a leather jacket. I remember my shoes, because they were really your shoes, and I remember coffee beans crunching beneath them. You almost fell, but I cant remember whether that was because of the beans or the blood. But Im sure the dead guy was wearing brown hiking boots.
You almost fell, but I caught you. And they were black snakeskin boots, Violet snapped. The girl on the floor had blond dreds, and the guy she was kissing wore a suit jacket, not a leather jacket. But honestly, Im surprised you remember being there at all, considering how drunk you were. Well, I fucking do remember it. I remember all of it, because its seared into my brain. I have nightmares about it almost every night. I have anxiety attacks every time I walk into my own familys business. I will carry that around with me for the rest of my life. And its your fault. As usual. 
I know. Im sorry. Im a total bitch, I admitted, hauling her giant suitcase from the trunk with a grunt. And youre saying fuck a lot more lately, by the way. But the truth is that you arent here because you drank, or because I drank. Youre here because you drove, and I know you had a really good reason, even if the specifics are a little hazy.
A little hazy? Violet grumbled, as I slammed the trunk.
Were not talking about my problems right now. The fact is that regardless of how and why it happened, you got caught drinking and driving. I shrugged at her in the side view mirror, then lifted her enormous bag and penguin-walked to the front of the car with it. But Im on your side here, Vi. I will gladly haul this bag of boulders back into the trunk and drive you wherever you want to go. You dont have to stay here. The court said therapy. Your parents are the ones who decided on in-patient rehab, but theyre not the boss of you anymore. Youre twenty-one years old. You have the money. You can walk away any time you want.
I cant just Ahhhgh! Violet bit off a growl of frustration and leaned with both arms folded over the open passengers side window. Theyre my family, Allie. You may not care about yours, but I care about mine, and I care what they think of me. If I dont stay, I wont have anyone to go home to I wont have anybody. 
I tried to look like her words didnt sting. Youll have me.
Violet frowned up at me, squinting into the sun shining behind my head. Thats not enough for me. This isnt enough for me anymore, Allie. I cant spend the rest of my life cleaning up after you any more than I can spend it without my family. I have to stay.
I shrugged, though my shoulders could hardly move beneath the weight of her bag. Thats your call. Violet had always been a rule follower. Shed never even been drunk until her twenty-first birthday, and personally, I blame her complete inexperience for the fact that she couldnt hold her liquor. Honestly, it could be a lot worse, Vi.
She could be in jail.
Dont How can you even? Violet groaned and finally got out of the car. This could not possibly be worse. She slammed the door and marched toward the front of the building, leaving me alone on the sidewalk with a suitcase that weighed more than both of us combined.
Dont worry! I called after her. I got the bag!
I didnt realize her suitcase had a broken wheel until I tried to pull it down the sidewalk and it fell over onto the yellow concrete wheel-stop in an empty parking space. Damn it! I stepped off the curb and was reaching for the suitcase handle when a car pulled into the spot and screeched to a stop inches from my nose.
I screamed and fell backward, stumbling over my own wedge-heeled sandals and Violets suitcase, and my elbow smacked the curb. 
The car door flew open as I gritted my teeth against the pain in my arm, and a shadow fell over my face. Im so sorry. I didnt see you. Are you okay? 
I looked up at the outline of a mans head, backlit by the sun. Um
Here. He pulled me up in one smooth, strong movement, and his face came into focus. And suddenly shock wasnt the reason I couldnt speak.
He was gorgeous.
Deep brown eyes, heavily lashed, below short-cropped brown hair. His arms bulged beneath the snug sleeves of a tee stretched tight across a sculpted chest, and his mouth was
My hand tightened around his before I realized what I was doing.
His mouth was
Yum. 
A mouth like that was wasted on speech. It was meant for something muchnaughtier.
I dropped his hand, suddenly embarrassed by how long Id held it, and how much like a total drooling moron I must look.
Here. Let me get that. He pulled Violets suitcase onto the sidewalk as if it weighed nothing, muscles shifting beneath his shirt, bunching at his shoulders, bulging beneath his sleeves. He was completely cut, and if I could tell that with his shirt on, what might he look like without it? 
My gaze wandered over the expanse of taut cotton and my thoughts lost focus. 
Checking in?
What? I blinked and looked up into his eyes. I couldnt even remember what I was doing on the sidewalk. 
Youre checking in? To the clinic? He gestured behind me, and I twisted to see the entrance to New Beginnings. The main building was a large, squat hacienda-style structure, with Spanish accents, dominated by a capped turret taking up most of the front. Smaller buildings trailed behind the main complex, like fat little mushrooms growing out of the desert sand, and I had the sudden, irrational certainty that Vis new neighbors were drunk Smurfs.
Brainy and Smurfette had always sounded a little tipsy to me anyway.
Oh. No. My friend Violet. Shehas problems. Evidently Id been one of those problems since the beginning of time. 
Do they include abandoning her friends in parking lots?
Today? Yes. Not that I could blame her. But to be fair, she had no idea I was about to be run down.
His lips turned up and his eyes shined. He was laughing at me. You werent very easy to see down there.
Her suitcase fell, and it weighs a ton. I think she may have stuffed a few gallons of vodka in there with her fuzzy socks and padded bras.
He laughed and the sound drew my focus back to his face. Sounds like shes come to the right place. Im Noah. He held his hand out again, and this time when I took it, the contact lingered, and I forgot about the sun, and the heat, and my throbbing elbow.
Im Allie. Are youchecking in?
Just visiting. My sister iswell, if rehab were an airline, this stay would be free with her frequent flyer miles.
Allison! 
I looked up to see Violet scowling at me from the entrance, holding the glass door open with one hand.
Oh, now youre in a hurry! I wasnt sure shed heard me, but she let the door close behind her.
Noah reached for the suitcase. Let me.
You dont have to
Im kind of afraid that if I dont, youll fall in front of another car, and your death will be on my head.
Before I could argue again, he lifted Violets suitcase and gestured for me to precede him on the sidewalk. I shook my head and gave him a go-ahead wavethen I followed two steps behind, enjoying the view.

***

See? I said, rolling Violets broken suitcase across the marble floor. It doesnt even look like a rehab. Its like a fancy hotel. And they have spa services and equine therapy. All you have to do is go to meetings and participate in therapy, and you can get facials and massages and pedicures! And swim and ride horses! It will be like a thirty-day vacation!
A thirty-day vacation, from which there is no escape, Violet mumbled, and I couldnt exactly argue. There was no way Id ever check myself into rehab, no matter how posh the facilities.
Im trying to do you a favor here, Violet. I opened my shoulder bag to show her stacks of hundred dollar bills stuffed inside. Violets eyes widened. She closed the clasp on the bag, then shoved it back under my arm. And I convinced your parents to let me use my share of the money to foot the bill at this place, so dont tell me I dont care. Im paying the twenty thousand dollar deposit now, and Ill pay the rest after you finish the programwhich Im sure youll do, because youre awesome and I have faith in you.
How did you talk my parents into that? And where do they think you got the money?
I told them I won some big lottery scratch-offs, I said with a shrug. Her parents hated me even more now that they believed the universe was rewarding me for being such a bad influence on their little angel.
I cant believe they bought that. I cant believe you told them that. Youre all insane. Violet sighed. I am the only sane person here. In a rehab.
I sucked in a deep breath, trying to rein in my temper. Okay, you may not be an alcoholic, but you are having night terrors and anxiety attacks. Youre clearly traumatized by what went down that night in The Coffee Cave and you obviously need some sort of therapy, Violet, so why not just get it here? On my dime. Youre worth the investment, Vi.
 Fine. Her gaze was firm, but her voice was steel. But this is the last stop on the Violet-Allie crazy train. I cant do it anymore. I wont let you do this to me again. If you want there to be any chance of us ever being friends again, things are going to have to change. Then she sighed and glanced around the New Beginnings lobby. I tell you what. Ill stay here and get help for my problems Even her air quotes looked angry. if you get help for yours.
The sudden screeching of my mental brakes was deafening. I havent had a drink all week. I dont black out anymore. I know my limits now. I dont need help. 
Awesome. Getting so drunk that I had to cremate the body of a guy whose shooting we witnessed is your limit. Its good that you know that now.
Her sarcasm actually stung. Would you please pipe down? I clapped my hand over her mouth, but Violet shook me off. And technically, we didnt witness the shooting. We just overheard it. That technicality was very important to me, and to the sleep I hoped to continue to enjoy.
You didnt treat the addiction, Allie, she insisted. Im not saying you havent made progress. But youre still drinking, which means you still havent realized how completely fucked up your behavior is. Her gaze hardened and her voice dropped into a fierce conspiratorial whisper. Were not even supposed to be in contact anymore. Youre breaking the rules just by talking to me. You always break the rules, and if you want me to ever speak to you again, you have to swear right here and now that youll get help. She glanced around the beige-and-blue tiled lobby. Otherwise, once you walk out that door, youll never see me again. She pointed at the fancy double glass doors, and my heart suddenly felt horribly, unbearably heavy. 
Violet was serious. I knew better than to object. Aloud, anyway. 
Therapy? I said, and she nodded firmly. 
Thats the deal. I want you to stop leaning on crutches and face your problems. I want you to commit to something and actually follow through with it for the first time in your fucked up life. I want you to grow up, Allie. And after today, you have to stay away from me until I get out of here. She wagged her finger in my face, and I leaned back to avoid it. You know the rules. 
Rules. Im not good with rules. 
Dont drink until youre twenty-one.
Dont have sex until youre married.
Dont feed the gremlins after midnight. 
Rules always sound more like dares to me, but theyd worked for Violet, until Id let her down on her birthday. Until Id dragged her into the situation that led to her driving drunk, disposing of a corpse, and potentially losing her entire family.
I couldnt let her down again. She was all I had left.
You want me to pinkie promise? I held out the smallest finger on my right hand, grinning to make light, but she only scowled at it.
I want you to look me in the eye and tell me youll get therapy. Your words good enough.
Because you trust me?
Because you cant lie for shit, Allie. My parents must have been desperate to believe your lottery story.
Fine. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. Ill get therapy.
You swear? You have to follow through and get therapy in an actual recognized therapy program, not from some guy in a van who promises you that the pretty crystals youre paying three hundred dollars for will cure you of all your negative energy. 
Those were ethically mined from Mongolia, Vi! Also, they matched my eyes, and if thats not good retail therapy, I dont know what is. 
But Violet only rolled her eyes and continued as if I hadnt spoken. And you have to finish the program, just like I will.
I will. Start to finish. Well do it together. I swear on our friendship. I could think of no more solemn vow.
Thanks, Allie. She looked skeptical, but at least a little relieved.
I pulled her into a hug, then wandered around the large lobby, eavesdropping on the other loser addicts while my best friend signed up to get cured.
So when do the cravings stop? One woman asked a man in torn jeans, as they sipped coffee from Styrofoam cups.
Never, he said, and she looked like she might cry.
So whats with this group session? A teenager wearing too much eyeliner whined to the girl standing next to her, across from the vending machines. I dont want to hear whats wrong with these assholes. I dont see what their problems have to do with mine.
She was clearly a bitch, so I wandered closer to Noah, whom Id spotted leaning against the wall with the sole of one shoe propped against it. A girl sat in the chair across from him and I started to ask if she was his sister. Then I noticed how she was staring at himas if he were dinner and she were starvingand I realized they were not siblings.
And suddenly I hoped she was a patient so that when he left, she couldnt possibly go with him.
Seriously, the girl said while she fiddled with the magnetic latch on her knockoff purse. Its the best therapy Ive ever had. And the campus location is so convenient.
Im glad its working for you, Crystal, Noah said, biceps straining against the short sleeves of his Cardinals tee. It helps to think someone else might learn from my mistakes. It certainly took me long enough to.
Therapy? On campus? With Noah? 
I glanced at the front desk, where Violet was still filling out forms. She wanted me to get help. Id be betraying her trust if I didnt sign up for therapy at the earliest possible opportunity, right?
Hey, when does your group meet? I asked, sinking onto the arm of an empty chair in their grouping, completely ignoring Crystal, who turned to me with flames practically shooting from her eyes.
Allie, right? Noah said, and when he looked at me, the rest of the world seemed to fade away, as if nothing else existed. Nothing other than his brown eyes and the fluttery tingles they stirred deep in my chest. 
I nodded. Allison Daniels.
You go to ASU Rio Verde?
Yeah. Im a senior. Almost. I was only six credit hours shy, thanks to those classes Id had to drop the semester before. Eight a.m. and hangovers are a bad combination.
Great. We meet on Thursdays at four. In conference room C, at the Student Center.
And you lead the meetings? I could certainly spend an hour a week staring into those eyes, listening to him talk about himself. Maybe therapy wouldnt be so bad after all.
Usually. We spend a lot of time focusing on self-discipline and resisting temptation during the summer session.
Self-discipline. Check. Temptation. Double check.
Something told me Noah had lots to say on the subject of temptation, and with the proper motivation, I could be a very good student.
Is it okay if I join?
A tingle shot up my spine at the lingering eye contact. If youre serious about committing to the program, wed love to have you. 
Oh, Im serious. Im really, really serious about following through with things. Im kind of turning over a new leaf. Thanks to Violet.
Great. Well see you tomorrow at four, Allie. 
Ill be there. I gave him my best deep-eye-contact smile, then headed back to check on Violet. I could practically feel his gaze on my backside as he watched me go.
Score one for therapy. Later on? Score one for Allie

Chapter Two

Noah

I knew from the moment she walked away from me, hips swaying in those little pink shorts, that Id probably never see Allison Daniels again. Girls like Allie joined sororities and partied with rich frat boys. She wouldnt come to the meeting. And that was probably for the best. I wouldnt be able to remember my own name with her staring up at me from the front row, like a lollypop in the window of a candy store, when Id sworn off sugar.
Stilla man could window-shop, right?
Thered never been a more tempting morsel than Allie Daniels in those candy-pink shorts. Half the room was staring. If I could have thought of a reasonable excuse to call her back, I would have.
Noah, Crystal said. I blinked, then realized shed said my name at least twice. 
What?
Theyre calling you. I followed her nod to where a woman in scrubs stood holding a clipboard, looking right at me. 
I followed the New Beginnings aide through a door into the body of the facility, where I waited at a table in the day room, in the same chair Id occupied for the past two Wednesday afternoons in a row. 
Emily! You look so much better! I stood when my sister stepped into the day room, narrow shoulders hunched beneath limp blond hair. I felt guilty for the little white lie until her lips turned up at the corners and her eyes shined. When Emily smiled, her entire face lit up, and like magic, my lie became the truth. 
My sister, the magician, ladies and gentlemen. Shed been pulling rabbits out of hats and wool over eyes for as long as Id known her, but that was nothing compared to the slow-motion disappearing act shed been perfecting for the better part of a decade.
I pulled her into a hug but stopped short of a good squeeze because Emily felt like a bag of bones in my arms, even beneath several layers of sweaters and a hoodie. I wanted to ask if she was eating, but that wasnt one of the things we discussed during my visits. We talked about safe things; I left therapy to the therapists.
Thanks for the books, she said as she sank into the chair Id pulled out for her. Did you bring any more?
I glanced at her in astonishment. I sent eight last week.
I finished the last one yesterday. She shrugged and pushed a thin strand of nearly colorless hair back from her face. There isnt much else to do in here.
What about horseback riding? And massages? Her mom and stepdad were paying a fortune for her third stay at New Beginnings in five yearstheyd always thrown money at her problems, in lieu of attentionbut most of that was wasted, because she seemed to sit in her private room all day. Alone.
Another shrug. Horses hate me, and I hate massages.
But the truth was that she didnt want anyone to see how frail she was, and a massage would require her to take off at least her top three layers of clothing.
Okay. Books it is. But what about when youre not reading? Have you talked to anyone?
She stared up at me through big brown eyes. You dont make friends in rehab, Noah. But the truth was that Emily didnt make friends anywhere. Not real friends, anyway. Enough about this place. She blinked and tossed her hair, and the effect was like erasing a white board for a fresh start. Hows Caroline?
I let her change the subject, in part because Emily didnt like to talk about herself, and in part because I never got tired of talking about my daughter. 
Shes good! Still beautiful, and I swear, Im having her tested, because I think shes some kind of genius. Ive never seen a kid sort blocks like Caroline.
Emily laughed, and her gaze brightened as it focused on me. Youve never seen a kid sort blocks, other than Caroline.
Okay, that was true. I hadnt even known I had a sister until Emily was thirteen, and by then she was more into boys than toys, and already well on the path to her first stay at New Beginnings. 
Say what you will. As soon as you get out of here, Im coming to your apartment with a toddler and a box full of plastic blocks so you can see for yourself that your niece is the most adept block-sorter the world has ever seen.
Emily laughed again, and I congratulated myself on distracting her from her current crisis, even if just for a few minutes. If the guys could see you now she teased, and her gaze dropped to the USMC tattoo peeking from beneath my left sleeve. Id been deployed when they shipped her off to rehab the second time, and I was pretty sure neither her mom nor our dad had come to visit. Hell, her stepfather had probably sent a cab to pick her up when she got out. 
Several of the guys have kids, Em. A couple are even married.
Proof that there are women out there willing to take a chance on an ex-jarhead who still has sand on his mind and ink on his arm. So why do you spend every night alone? She looked legitimately concerned, and I could feel the visit sliding from hopeful into depressing, so I steered it back on track.
I dont. On Saturday, Caroline and I had pizza and watched last weeks American Voice on my DVR. She likes Dillon, but Im still pulling for Luke.
I like Dillon too. Tell Caroline shes got good taste.
Youll be able to tell her yourself in a few weeks.
Her smile collapsed slowly, like a feather drifting toward the ground. Noah, Piper will never let me see her after this. Her thin, widespread arms indicated the rehab center all around us.
Frustration clenched my jaw, but I fought not to let her see that. Cara's my daughter too, and as long as I have visitation, so do you. Let me deal with Piper. 
I never seemed to do anything but deal with Piper. 
She still have you leading the purity patrol? My sisters voice dripped with contempt, but her eyes flashed with humor. 
Its an abstinence club, Em.
Emily rolled her eyes. Its sad, and pathetic, and unnatural.
Unnatural? I couldnt really argue against sad and pathetic. 
Yeah. Ive been reading about it. She sat straighter, and I recognized an impending lecture from the arch of her pale brows. Socially and physiologically speaking, sex is a natural act. I mean, there are valid reasons the human body wants what it wants
Okay, stop right there. I held up both hands, palms out. I didnt give you any of those books, and I dont want to think about you wanting
and studies have shown that long-term denial of those urges can lead to lasting psychological damage, and
What studies?
I dont remember the names of them, but theyre totally reputable. She crossed both thin arms over her chest. Sex is natural, Noah. Denying that serves no purpose, other than to make you miserable and lonely. Especially at your age and your stage of life.
What, like Im ancient? What could a nineteen-year-old girl possibly know about my stage of life?
No, youre still hot. My friends are all quite vocal on the subject. Her friends were a collection of users and losers who lost interest in Emily as soon as her stash ran out, and Id bet that not one of them could have told me Ems last name. But you come with a toddler, a minimum wage job, and an ex who watches you like a hawk, which means you need something else to sweeten the pot.
Sweeten the? I scrubbed both hands over my face. Speaking of unnatural, Em, getting this kind of advice from my sister is pretty damn weird.
Whats weird is a twenty-five year old man who swears off sex. Youre never going to get past the second date if you dont give up the goods.
My brows rose and my eyes narrowed. Now thats just sexist. Youd never say that to a girl.
I wouldnt need to. Em crossed her arms on the table between us. Most girls can get laid any time they want, which is why we have the luxury of moving on, if were not getting what we need from a relationship.
I groaned. Can you not use first person pronouns on your side of this profoundly uncomfortable conversation? I dont need to know that youve hadrelationships.
Dont be such a prude.
Im not a prude, Im your brother, which means my DNA is encoded with the genetic right to beat the living shit out of any guy who even looks at you like youre a possibility.
Emily laughed, then leaned across the table to kiss my forehead. She was still smiling when she sank back into her chair. Thats why youve only met the girls.
Before I could even truly process the new potential threat to my sisters fragile heart, her smile faded and she reached across the table for my hand.
Noah. Emily tugged on my fingers until she was sure she had my complete attention. Dont let Piper do this to you. Shes Carolines mother, not yours. She doesnt get a say in how you live your life.
Yet somehow, she did. 
One night nearly three years ago, spent with a girl I met at a party, had resulted in the most beautiful baby Id ever seen and a series of hoops Piper would probably make me jump through until our daughter left for college. Maybe even longer.
Abstinence was only one of those hoops. The narrowest, and least comfortable.
You shot at insurgents in the desert. You saw people blown to bits in the street! How can one woman with a diaper bag possibly have so much control over you?
It wasnt Piper. I didnt care what Piper did, as long as she was taking good care of our daughter. 
Caroline was the one I cared about. Getting to see her. Helping her sort blocks. Watching her bounce and bop every time a song she liked came on the radio or the television. Those were privileges my dad hadnt cared to pursue with me or with Emily, but I would move heaven and earth for the opportunity to watch Caroline grow up. 
I knew how to fight. Id been fightingin one form or anotherfor most of my life. But Id learned early that fighting for Caroline only drove Piper farther away, and where the mother went, so went the child.
The only way to stay close to my baby girl was to jump through her mothers vindictive, absurd hoops.
You dont need to worry about Piper. I forced a smile for my sisters benefit. You just concentrate on getting well, and Caroline and I will be here to pick you up as soon as they let you go.
Promise? Emily frowned and her focus on me intensified. Her hand tightened around the edge of the table between us, as if her entire existence depended upon my answer, and I wanted to strangle her parentsall three of themfor teaching her over and over again that everyone you love will eventually let you down.
On my life, Em. Ill be here. I was nothing, if not a man of my word.

***

The lobby was nearly empty when I left Emily an hour later. Other than staff, the only person in the room was a brunette standing at the front desk, her elbows resting on the high counter while she chatted with an employee whose name badge read Gerald. 
Her shorts were what caught my attention first. They were short, and pink, and the phone peeking out of her back left pocket did little to mar the shape of her ass. Long legs stretched from beneath scant inches of pink denim, tan and toned from her thighs all the way to the pink polka-dotted pedicure peeking out from the end of a pair of wedge-heeled sandals. 
Allie Daniels. I could have stared all day.
But what if she needs
Miss Daniels, Gerald said, each syllable short and clipped in irritation. Your friend will be just fine. This is a very reputable facility, and we will see to her every need. But visiting hours are over. You dont have to go home 
But you cant stay here. I know. Her shoulders fell in defeat.
Allie? I called, and she turned, startled, until her focus found me. Then she smiled and tugged her purse strapa thin metal chainhigher on her shoulder. Hey. Noah, right?
Yeah. Is something wrong? I glanced past her at the guy behind the counter, who was using eyebrow acrobatics to silently plead with me to help get rid of her.
No, I just I hate to leave her here. Allie glanced at the locked door leading into the body of the rehab center. 
Your friend?
Yeah. Violet. She stepped closer, her forehead furrowed. Its kind of my fault shes here, and leaving feels like abandoning her.
This isnt your fault. I pointed to the door, for clarity.
You dont understand
I dont have to. Violets an adult, right? I said, and she shrugged. 
More adult than I am, anyway.
Did you physically hold her down and pour alcohol down her throat?
Well, no, but
Did you threaten her with harm, physical or otherwise? Did you hold a gun to her head?
Of course not! She looked startled by the mention of a gun.
I shrugged. Then she caused her own problems, and the people here can help her much better than you can. Theyd helped my sister over and over, but that wasnt exactly a shining recommendation, so I decided not to mention it. Blaming yourself wont help your friend recover from addiction.
Allie blinked. Then her frown faded and her mouth turned up at the corners. You seem pretty sure of that.
This is familiar territory for me, I admitted, and she seemed relieved to hear it. Can I walk you to your car? Gerald probably has a lot to get done before the end of his shift, I said, with a glance at the man behind the counter. He nodded, obviously relieved.
Yeah. Okay. 
We both headed for the exit, but I got there in time to hold the door open for her with one hand. Her pink-clad hip brushed my knuckles as she stepped out onto the sidewalk, and an ache awoke deep and low inside me. It was a familiar longingone Id been living with for yearsbut then she twisted to smile at me over her shoulder, looking up at me through thick, dark lashes, and that vague yearning became an all-encompassing needan involuntary urge my body seemed helpless to resistas if I were suffocating, and Allie Daniels stood naked in front of me, taunting me with the worlds sexiest oxygen mask.
I was almost relieved when she turned to walk a step ahead, so she couldnt see just how close Id come to losing control, after barely brushing the waistband of her shorts. Her very short, very pinkdid I mention they were short?shorts.
How would that look, hardly an hour after Id told her how seriously we take self-control and restraint at the meeting shed asked to join? If she knew how close I was to bumping into her accidentally-on-purpose, just for another brief second of contact with that seductive pink cotton, shed never believe I could help her resist temptation and craving. 
My fingers twitched, and I could practically feel the material beneath them already. It would be softI could tell from how the denim hugged her shapeand if I ran my fingers crossways over the grain, Id hear my short nails scratch across the texture.
Then I would squeeze, and Allie would gasp a little. She would make soft, breathy noises; I knew that from her sigh when George had asked her to leave. And maybe shed put her hand over mine. Maybe shed move my hand for me, and then it wouldnt be my fault if the touch lingered, because who was I to deny a woman what she wanted? 
Especially a woman Id nearly run over with my car. I mean, I kind of owed her, for that alone 
I could almost see the apology Id write. 

SO SORRY I ALMOST RAN YOU OVER. PLEASE LET ME WORK OFF THE DEBT IN ORGASMS.

Why didnt Hallmark make a card for that?
I shook my head, trying to jar the image of her pink-denim-clad ass from my memory. What the hell was wrong with me? I saw women every day in class, at work, walking across campus, but Id never been so tempted to reach out and touch one that my hand trembled with the effort to resist.
Emily was right. I was pathetic.
So, how long has your sister been here? Allie asked, and I shoved my hands in my pockets as we walked, so she couldnt see them shake. And so they couldnt reach for her, all on their own.
Also, to help disguise the bulge in the front of my pants.
This is not happening. I felt like a twelve-year-old boy in the girls locker room. 
Her shorts were the problem. They were too short, and too pink, and tooincredibly hard not to touch. No man could resist her in those shorts.
Noah? she said, and I looked up to find Allie frowning at me. Your sister?
Oh. Shes been in two weeks. This time.
This time?
Its her third go-round. Thats right. Think about family. Rehab. Slogging through the desert in full chem. warfare gear, sweating into a gas mask. The first was when she was fourteen.
Allie's brows rose, and her gaze filled with sympathy. Well, they say the third times a charm.
I shrugged, which probably looked strange with my hands still in my pockets. I hope theyre right. But I had my doubts. Emilys problems were many and varied. And deep-seated. But Im sure your friend wont need to come back.
 She wont. Violet doesnt really belong here anyway. Im the one with the problem. But with any luck, you and your group can help me with that.
You? I stared, hoping Id heard her wrong. Wait, you want to come to the meetings because youreaddicted?
They say admitting you have a problem is the first step toward recovery. Allie gave me an embarrassed little smile, and I lost what little progress Id made downgrading my erection from open immediately to save for later. She licked her lipspink and shiny from lip-glossand I almost groaned out loud. Think your group can help me with that? 
Screw the group. I wanted to help her myself. I really, really wanted to help her. But something told me that the only thing more difficult than honoring my own pledge of celibacy would be helping Allison Daniels honor hers. 
Unfortunately, abstinence isnt really a hands-on kind of project.
Addiction doesnt really fall within our realm of expertise. Were not doctors or therapists. Were just a group of students with a common goalhelping one another stand strong in the face of temptation. 
Damn it. I sounded like a recruitment brochure for Losers Anonymous. Minus the anonymity. 
There was no way shed actually show up for the meeting. Thank goodness. How could I help her resist her urges when I could hardly control my own, with her standing so close?
Thats exactly what I need, she said, and I nearly tripped over my own feet in surprise. She stopped walking and turned to stare up at me on the sidewalk, five feet from where our cars were still parked side by side. I always start off strong. I tell myself I dont need it. The cravings will pass. But then Ill go to a party, where everyone else is doing it, and I think it wont hurt, just this once, even though I know I shouldnt give in, because Im not good with boundaries and limits. Once I start, I just keep going until I can hardly walk.
I nearly choked on my own tongue. She was temptation personified. How come no one ever mentioned how good Satan looks in tiny pink shorts?
Wait, until you literally cant walk? I said, and she nodded, staring up at me with big innocent-looking blue eyes that seemed to belie the addiction she was describing. And for just a moment, I thought she was messing with metrying to come between me and my vow. It certainly wouldnt be the first time. But the strain in her voice and the frustration lining her forehead were real. She needed help. She wanted my help.
Yes, literally. Allie shrugged, and the gesture looked resigned. Ashamed. But youve been there, right? I mean, thats why you gave it up?
 Um I cleared my throat and ran one hand through my hair. Ive definitely let things go too far, too fast, in the past. And Caroline was the most amazing consequence I could imagine. But that was nothing like what Allie was obviously suffering.
 So you understand. I just need someone to help meresist. Someone whos been through what Im going through.
I couldnt officially claim an addiction to sex, but if it was as difficult for her to resist her urges as it was for me to resist touching her right then and there, then I definitely understood what she was going through.
Which was how I knew that the last thing in the world I needed was Allie Daniels, staring up at me from the front row of every celibacy club meeting, reminding me of exactly what Id promised to give up.
I should have turned her down. Allie was sweet, and funny, and hot, yet vulnerable in the strangest way. She was a wrecking ball swinging in to demolish my self-control, and I couldnt afford to let that happen. But she looked so desperate, so certain I could help her, even as I fought the urge to rip my own abstinence pledge into a hundred pieces and let the Arizona wind blow it straight to hell. 
So I made one of the worstand possibly one of the bestdecisions of my entire life. Come to the meeting tomorrow, and Ill see what I can do to help.

Chapter Three

Allie

Alone in my dorm room that night, I sat on my bed and stared at the other side of the room, empty except for a desk chair and a twin bed that had been stripped of all bedding when my roommate left for the summer. The dorms were quiet during the mid-year term. Most people went home to summer jobs or lazy days spent at the pool, or the beach, or just hanging out with friends from high school in their childhood bedrooms.
I had a home, but it wasnt the kind you head back to over the summer. It was the kind you run from on the day you turn eighteen, your shoes still untied and your backpack full to bursting. 
My schedule included two summer classes and a part-time job, but even if I counted study timeyeah, rightand my five-minute commute to work, there were still large chunks of every day left empty. Before that night at the coffee shop, those chunks had been easy to fill with Violet, when she was free, and with parties, when Violet wasnt free. But with both of those options gone
I stood and glanced around the empty room, rubbing damp palms on my jeans. I didnt need a drink. Violet was wrong. I wasnt an alcoholic. I didnt drink because I needed to drink, I drank to have fun.
I was fun, and Vi wouldnt recognize fun if it stepped on her feet wearing clown shoes and smoking a joint. 
My hands werent sweating. I hadnt just wiped sweat on my jeans. I wasnt going through withdrawal. I was just worried about my best friend, all alone at rehab with a bunch of losers paying top dollar for the privilege of having their loser passports stamped for the first time. 
Or maybe I was nervous about starting my own therapy. About sitting in front of the most gorgeous guy Id ever met and telling him that sometimesjust every now and then, reallyI took a drink or six so I could have a little fun, because people like fun-Allie. Fun-Allie always knows what to do, and she never says the wrong thing, and most important of all, she knows that no matter what happens, itll all be okay, because everyone is having fun.
But Noah would understand about fun-Allie, right? I mean, if he was leading the therapy sessions, letting other people learn from his mistakes, then there must have been a fun-Noah once upon a time. 
Best of all, he wouldnt be expecting fun-Allie at therapy. He liked meId seen that the moment his beautiful brown eyed-gaze found mineand hed never even met fun-Allie. 
Noah would know how to fill the hours that Violet and partying had left empty. Hed know what to do with hands that werent holding a red Solo cup and lips that werent attached to the mouth of a bottle. 
Noah was exactly what I needed. A beautiful man who couldnt be tempted by alcohol, but might just succumb to temptation of another kind. Especially if it were seated in the front row of his therapy session in short shorts and a snug Rehab is for Quitters teehed appreciate the joke, right?begging for a hands-on demonstration of his legendary self-discipline.
And just like that, I had a plan. A sure-fire way to get through thirty days of therapy and self-imposed detox without going back on my promise to Violet. I would substitute one pleasure for another. Noah for alcohol. Like an AA sponsor-with-benefits.
Starting tomorrow.
Relieved, but still fighting damp palms and fingers that itched to hold something cold, I squatted in front of my mini-fridge and pulled out a fifth of vanilla-flavored vodka. There were only a couple of inches left in the bottle, but that would be plenty for my last night as a normal college student.
Surely sobriety was worth toasting. Right?

***

Hey, Noah, right? I said, running one finger over the edge of the folding table. As if I wasnt sure of his name. As if I might not remember the exact shade of brown in his eyes or the precise slant of his crooked smile. As if I hadnt picked this specific therapy group just so I could stare up at him while the suckers all around us over-shared about their drinking problems.
Violet-mandated therapy and a pretty man. Two birds, about to be nailed by the same Allie-shaped stone. 
Allie. Noahs brown eyes brightened when he saw me. I wasnt imagining that. He was interested. I was starting to wonder if youd actually show up. 
The room behind him held a wooden podiumthe kind all my professors stood behindand three rows of folding metal chairs, most occupied by girls in ponytails, wearing mid-length shorts and faded tees. Could they possibly have put less effort into the chase?
And this was a chase. Id never seen an AA meeting with such a high Barbie-to-Ken ratio, and frankly, my impression was that most of the Kens were there for the same reason as the Barbies.
That reason was Noah.
Not that I could blame them. Id already figured out that the room, and the chairs, and the podiumthose were all just a front. The real solution to my problem was smiling at me across the folding table, clearly waiting for me to look away so that smolderamber flames, ready to burn me up from the inside outcould explore the landscape south of my neck.
I could tell he wanted to look, so I smiled and held his gaze for another two seconds, because if there was anything I knew about addictsby virtue of the fact that I kinda, sorta might be oneit was that the longer you make them wait for their fix, the worse they want it.
I told you. Im committed. My smile widened, and when he reached for me, I held my hand out, ready to shake his and let the touch linger just long enough to show that his interest was mutual. When paper brushed my fingers instead, I realized he wasnt reaching for me; he was giving me a form the size of an index card.
Great. Just sign the pledge card, then come find a seat. There are still a few open up front.
The way he was looking at me, I would have signed away my soul. 
I plucked a pen from a cup on the table, then leaned over to scribble my name at the bottom of the card, making sure he could see down my shirt, now that he was free to look. 
Of course he would look. They always look. 
To seal the deal, I added my phone number beneath my name.
My fingers brushed his when he took the form, and his brows rose when he found what Id written. He grinned that crooked grin, revealing a dimple in his right cheek, and warmth pooled low in my stomach. He would call. 
They always call.
You can keep the pen, Noah said, and I blinked when realized I was still holding it. Still staring at him. Theyre free for new members. Welcome aboard, Allie.
I gave him my best smilethe one with lingering, meaningful eye contact to show him that we were two sides of the same cointhen carried my new pen to the last open seat in the front row. The metal chair squeaked when I sat, and I clicked the pen absently while the last few people found seats. Then Noah closed the door and walked to the front of the room. 
His gait was smooth and steady, every stride relaxed. Confident. As if he was used to being watched, and he liked it.
Instead of standing behind the podium, he pulled it out of the way and sat on the edge of a table at the front of the room, one foot hanging, the other on the floor. The effect was a much more casual and approachable counselor than Violet was likely to find at rehab, obviously confirmation from the universe that Id picked the right therapy group. 
I was exactly where I was supposed to be.
I see a couple of new faces, Noah said, and that smoky gaze lingered on me long enough to send fresh tingles up my spine. I could already tell I was going to love therapy. So first let me extend both a welcome and a congratulations to our new members. Signing that pledgepromising to respect yourself and those you care aboutthats the first step, and its an important one. But at the end of the day, words are just words, and its our actions that define us. I look forward to getting to know you all
That brown-eyed gaze found me again, and I got lost in it. I watched his beautiful mouth form syllables that were probably just as beautiful, and though I heard his voicedeep, and kind of scratchy, with a prominent note of good humor, the sign of a man unafraid to laugh at himselfI forgot to listen to the actual words because really, how much can a girl absorb in one sitting? 
There would be plenty of other therapy sessions, right? No reason to jump into the deep end on day one when I could wade in slowly, pausing to enjoy the view. 
Hell, I almost felt guilty for staring. Are people supposed to enjoy therapy?
takes a strong moral fiber and lots of patience, but I have no doubt that when and if you decide to get married, both you and your spouse will be glad you upheld your pledge of abstinence.
My pledge of what? 
My fingers tightened around the pen in my hand and I blinked, sure Id heard him wrong.
Why will you and your spouse be glad about that? Noah asked, with the cadence of church camp song leadera very hot church camp song leader.
Because you are worth the wait! the audience recited from all around me, and my new ink pen snapped in half. 
Noah stood and pulled the podium back into place, and as he called a woman from the third row forward, to give her testimony, I picked up the pieces of my broken pen and fitted them together so I could read the slogan printed on the side.

Worth The Wait
Abstinence for the new millennium

Son of a bitch!

***

Allie, wait! Noah called, as I tried to slip out of the room unseen, and I groaned softly. Fifty-eight minutes of Prudes-R-Us, and my cheeks had flamed the whole time. 
When Id told him I was an addict, he must have thought
I couldnt look at him. I couldnt face him. And I was really starting to regret wearing the Rehab is for Quitters T-shirt.
But then suddenly he was there, and his hand was warm on my arm, and I fell into those brown eyes just like I had the first time Id seen them. 
Im so sorry, I said, before he could mention my outburst. I didnt mean to swear at yourpurity party. 
Noah laughed, and I almost smiled in response, but then remembered Id just made a complete fool of myself in front of the hottest guy Id ever met, not to mention an entire room full ofvirgins? 
Damn it, Allie! You learned to read for a reason! 
Had I really just scrawled my phone number at the bottom of an abstinence pledge? Id never been so embarrassed in my life, yet there Noah stood, smiling down at me, obviously unaware of my ridiculous plan to seduce the reigning Virgin King.
I really should have reported the entire group for false advertising. Seriously, what kind of bait-and-switch scam were they running, using the most lickable guy on campus to recruit for their celibacy club! 
You did seem a littleuncomfortable, he said, and I was grateful for the understatement.
Yeah, I My excuse disintegrated on my tongue as a group of three girls stepped out of the meeting room behind him, whispering and giggling. They glanced at me over his shoulder and I heard my name. 
was Allison Daniels
cant believe she came.
Who is she kidding?
They may as well have been pulling thoughts from my own head, but Noah didnt hear them. He didnt even notice them. He was still watching me, that crooked grin firmly in place, and I remembered thatby some miraclehed found my outburst funny, rather than rude.
It wasnt what I was expecting, I finished, narrowly missing the expiration date on an unfinished sentence. I dont think this is a good fit for me. Im not My face flushed again, and I stared at the floor.
A virgin?
Yeah. I looked up, because I had to see his eyes. To see if he was judging me. 
We dont discriminate. He was still smiling, but sincerity echoed in his statement, and in the sudden depth of his gaze. 
I frowned and tugged on the hem of my stupid novelty tee, wishing I could still claim wardrobe failure as the biggest mistake Id made that day. I dont understand.
Let me explain. Over dinner.
I Damn, I wanted to say yes, but that wasnt what Id promised Violet. Noah wasnt what I needed. He couldnt be. Okay, I said finally, and my answer surprised me as much as it obviously surprised him.
Great. You live on campus?
Yeah. Ellison Hall.
Ill meet you in the lobby at six.
And that was how I, Allie Daniels, disgraced bacchanalian princess, wound up on a date with Noah Porter, Prince of Purity.

***

At five-fifty, I headed downstairs from my dorm room, trying to ignore the butterflies flitting in my stomach and the invisible python slowly tightening around my throat. I wasnt fifteen years old and this wasnt my first date.
In fact, if I were a gambler instead of a drinker, I would have bet the house on this being the most uneventful date of my life. Its not like I could drink or he could score.
So why had I spent nearly two hours trying on clothes, both mine and the outfits Violet kept in my closet to hide from her super-conservative parents? Why did everything that looked sexy on Vi look slutty on me, and why did that fact suddenly seem like a disadvantage instead of a bonus? 
Because Noah was different. He obviously didnt believe the rumors about me. Hell, maybe he hadnt even heard them. He hadnt asked Allison on a date, hoping to meet fun-Allie halfway through the night. He wanted to talk, and even if all he really wanted was to save my soul, his sales pitch probably wouldnt come with an offer of alcohol, which put it directly in line with my only goal for the evening.
Dont drink. 
That was the first step on the road toward putting my life back together. Toward earning Violets friendship. Toward regaining her trust. 
At the foot of the stairs, I turned right and headed past the front desk, tugging Violets billowy print blouse into place over the waistband of my own snugbut mid-lengthyellow shorts. 
I took a seat in the corner of the lobby and pulled my phone from my pocket. Id been playing a color-matching game for several minutes, trying to decide whether I looked pathetic and lonely or coolly unapproachable, when someone dropped into the chair on my right. I looked up, already smiling, expecting to find the upholstery smoldering upon contact with Noahs body. Instead, I found a pair of only vaguely familiar hazel eyes, crowned by dark, overgrown eyebrows. 
The chair was definitely not smoking beneath him.
Allie, right? he said, and I nodded, frowning when his gaze readily slid down from mine and just kept going. I remember you.
And that meant I should remember him, but if Id ever known his name, it had been washed from my memory on a flood of vodka and diet Coke.
Tyler, he supplied when I obviously failed to remember him. From the Kappa party last month. We had a lot of fun in the basement. But you were pretty shitfaced, and I guess you dont He frowned, then dug in his pocket for his phone. Here. Maybe thisll jog your memory. 
My face flamed when he started scrolling through screens on his cell, and though Id never seen whatever he was about to show me, I knew exactly what he was looking for. I stood to walk away, mortified, but he stood with me.
Someone loaded a clearer version on YouTube, but I still like mine better. The angles more intimate. His voice echoed withwas that pride? Was I really supposed to be impressed by the quality of a dirty video taken of me without my knowledge or permission? Remember this? He shoved the phone at me and I caught a glimpse of empty cups, matted carpet, tangled clothes, and my own bare stomach before bile rose at the back of my throat. 
I did not remember that.
I shoved his arm away, phone and all, and headed for the front door, miserably aware that everyone in the lobby was staring, but Tyler followed. Wait, youre gonna miss the best part!
I pulled the door openand ran face-first into Noah Porter. He grunted in surprise, but wasnt even knocked off-balance. The man was as solid as a house, and nearly as big.
 Noah caught me by both arms when I practically bounced off his chest, and his chuckle rumbled through me, setting off tiny tremors the length of my body. The man was both irresistible force and immovable rock, all wrapped up in one very scrumptious candy coating. So should we call it even, since you nearly ran me over this time?
I dont know. I made no move to back out of his grip. Instead, I kind ofsettled into it. You nearly ran me over with a car. I think Im gonna have to take you to the ground several times before were even.
Noahs brows rosein interest?but he didnt look anywhere near as scandalized by my innuendo as Id expected. 
I made a mental note to try harder next time.
Tyler pushed the door open behind me, then came to an abrupt, startled stop less than a foot away. Fresh heat rose into my cheeks when I saw that he still held his phone, and now the audio had overlaid a shaky shot of my limp arm lying on dirty carpet with humiliating drunken grunts. The fact that they were Tylers grunts did nothing to ease my mortification.
Hey. Tyler fumbled with his phone, and it went blessedly dark and silent, but the damage was done. The sounds and images were stuck on repeat in my head, and I could only hope that Noah hadnt understood the two seconds of footage hed seen and heard.
What the hell was I thinking? I couldnt go out with Noah Porter. The man was built like a god and lived like a saint. He wouldnt be interested in me once he actually knew me.
So Tyler dismissed Noah as he turned to me and slid his phone back into his pocket. You wanna get a drink? Im buying. His smile was really more of an ogle, and I backed away from him, fighting panic as the past I was desperate to erase threatened to destroy this potential new beginning with Noah.
 Shes busy tonight. Noah gestured for me to precede him down the steps. 
Tyler didnt even glance at him. Tomorrow, then?
I dont date assholes, I mumbled, stepping onto the sidewalk with Noah right behind me.
Dating doesnt really describe what we did, anyway. Come on, Allie, we both know youll loosen up after a few drinks.
My face burned and my stomach pitched. Was that all anyone knew about me?
Violet was right. I was out of control.
Tyler jogged down the steps, already reaching for my arm. Noah slid between us and suddenly seemed to take up more space than he had a moment before. His back was broad and firm, and I could feel the warmth of his skin through his shirt. I probably should have moved to give him space but I didnt. I couldnt.
Touch her, and I will break your arm in three places, Noah growled, the warning evident not just in his words, but in his bearing. In the way his powerful chest expanded with every breath. The way the muscles in his arms shifted when his hands curled into fists, clearly ready to go above and beyond his threat.
Back off, man, I got there first. Well, before you, anyway, Tyler said, and thats when I realized he was either drunk or stupid, because no man in his right mind would have looked up at Noah Porter in that moment and not understood how close he was to being broken in half like a twig. But dont worry, you can have a turn when Im done wi.
Noahs fist flew before Tyler could even finish his sentence, and the crunch of bone echoed in my ears. I stared, frozen in place while Tyler shouted, then grabbed his nose in both hands.
Motherfucker, I will sue your ass! His threat came out garbled, while blood trickled between his fingers and dripped onto his Kappa House shirt. Biggest mistake of your life! Everything you own will be mine in forty-eight hours.
Noah laughed. Youve obviously never tried to bleed a turnip. He wiped blood from his knuckles onto the tail of Tylers shirt, then snatched the phone sticking out of the frat boys pocket and held it in front of Tylers face. You go anywhere near the cops or a lawyer, and the Rio Verde police department will receive footage of you using a young woman too intoxicated to give consent. Are we clear?
For a second, Tyler just blinked at us over the hands cupped around his nose. His furious gaze found mine, but I only stared back in shock, not sure how to respond.
Tyler finally wiped his nose on his sleeve and mumbled a string of profanities, then reached for his phone. Noah slid the phone into his own back pocket and took my hand, his fingers folding around mine. You should put some ice on that before your nose swells as big as your ego. Then he turned his back on Tyler and tugged me gently toward the sidewalk.
Holy shit! I whispered as we walked, his hand warm in mine. I cant believe you did that.
Someone needed to, he said, and a pleasant warmth spread through my stomach, swelling toward my chest. Hed just broken someones nose for me. He hadnt even hesitated. Just pow, smash, blood! 
No one had ever done something like that for me. No one had ever done anything for me without expecting something in return. Except Violet.
Noah glanced at me, dark brows drawn low, and I realized hed misinterpreted my silence. You dont actually have to press charges. The threat will be enough to shut him up. And keep him away from you.
The reminder of what hed seen on Tylers phone left me suddenly cold inside. Not two minutes into our first date, hed seen the very worst of me. Iuh I wish you hadnt seen that. Hell, I wish I hadnt seen it. Id known a few videos existed, but Id managed to avoid watching any of them until Tyler had so thoughtfully shoved one at my face.
Noah shrugged, and his fingers were a warm, comforting pressure around mine. Its college. We all do stupid shit. The fact that none of mine has been caught on camera, that I know of, probably puts me in the minority. But I do wish that asshole hadnt been there to take advantage of yours.
But Tyler wasnt the only asshole, and that night wasnt the only one I couldnt fully remember. Would Noah still be holding my hand on a public sidewalk if he knew how often fun-Allie had taken over and left me with little memory of her escapades? He wasnt the recovering alcoholic Id mistaken him for. Could he truly understand my problems?
Why would he even want to?

Chapter Four

Allie

Do you like tacos? Noah asked, pulling me from my own thoughts, and I looked up to see that wed stopped in front of a small Mexican restaurant Id seen a million times, but never tried.
Who doesnt like tacos? I said, and he smiled, then pulled the door open for me.
A waitress told us to sit anywhere wed like as she passed by carrying a platter of chips, salsa, and drinks, but when I glanced around at the other patrons seated on red upholstered chairs and booths, I realized that on Noahs lap probably wasnt one of the acceptable options.
When he deferred to my choice, I picked a booth in the back, next to a window. Our waitress was a middle-aged woman named Jeanne, according to her nametag, and she showed up before we could even really settle into our seats. 
Noah! She set an oval basket of tortilla chips on the tablecloser to him than to meand followed that up with two dishes of salsa. Havent seen you in a while! You want the taco sampler? She had yet to even glance at me. Not that I could blame her. Noah was more appetizing than anything they could possibly serve on a plate, and I was obviously wearing my cloak of invisibility, which evidently worked on everyone except asshole frat boys in search of amateur, impromptu rhinoplasty.
UmIm not sure yet. Noah turned to me. You want to look at a menu?
Please, I said, and Jeanne slid a two-sided, laminated sheet of paper in front of each of us. 
We got half-price margaritas on Thursdays. 
I could have a drink. Noah didnt know I shouldnt, because of how Id accidentally gone to church camp instead of Alcoholics Anonymous. But one margarita always turned into two, and by the third or forth, it wouldnt matter who Allison Daniels was, or who she wanted to be, because fun-Allie would already be on the loose. Ill just have a Coke.
Ill have the same, Noah said, and Jeanne nodded with a smile.
Ill be right back with those.
So, youre a regular? I said, as she moved on to take another tables drink order. 
Kind of. I used to bring my sister here.
Your sister, whos in rehab?
The one and only. His smile was genuine but concerned; he obviously cared about her.
Is she I hesitated, searching for a polite way to ask a prying question. Does she belong to Worth the Wait?
Emily? Noahs chuckle rumbled through me like a tremor, triggering tiny little electric aftershocks, and I squirmed in my seat, suddenly wondering what his voice would sound like whispered against my ear, in the dark, where I wouldnt have to share him with anyone else No. In fact, she thinks the whole things ridiculous and she cant understand why I pledged, he admitted with a shrug of broad shoulders. 
I dont get it either. I mean, I understand why someone lessaesthetically gifted might join a group like that. If youre not getting laid anyway, you might as well claim thats a personal choice, right? I said. Noah only crossed his arms over his chest, clearly amused, while he watched me dig another hole, one word at a time. But you
My open-handed gesture took in his entire body, and I flushed when I realized I was staring. Hard. His shirt was so snug the material seemed to be fundamentally attracted to his fleshlike, on a cellular leveland thats when I realized I was jealous of a handful of cotton, because suddenly I wanted him to be wearing nothing but me.
But I what? Noahs arched left brow mirrored the crooked slant of his grin. He was obviously enjoying my undivided attention.
I sat on my hand to keep from trying to touch him while I stared. Youre Lickable. Badass. Gorgeous. 
Id thought he could help me find a cure for alcoholism, but the truth was that Noah could be the cure for my addiction. Id known the moment his fist flew in defense of me, in spite of what hed just seen on Tylers phone, that I couldnt stand losing a single moment spent with him to a blackout. I wanted to remember every word he said and every look he gave me. And every single touch, even if all we were ever allowed to do was hold hands.
I blinked and realized Noah was still waiting for my answer, looking more amused by my confounded silence with every passing second. You obviously have other options, I said. So this must be something you actually want.
Noah leaned toward me over the table, and the rest of the restaurant lost focus around us. I could see only him. Oh, I dont want to be celibate. His scorching gaze said that statement was personally, blazingly relevant to me, and suddenly the air felt too thick to breathe. Lets get that out in the open right now.
But before I could pick my jaw up off the floor and roll my tongue back into my mouth, the waitress appeared out of nowhere and set a glass of soda in front of each of us, jarring me from the illusion that Noah and I had just shared a private moment. You two ready to order? she asked, and I nodded, but I hadnt even really understood the question. I couldnt look away from Noah. I couldnt drag my attention past his blistering confession and my sudden burning need to know exactly how relevant it was to the low hot throbbing that had just settled into place deep inside me.
I have no idea what he ordered, but I said Id have the same thing, just to get rid of the waitress. As soon as she was gone, I leaned as far across the table as I could, without giving into the urge to actually crawl over it and onto his lap. If you dont want abstinence, then why? Why on earth would a guy like Noah Porter give up sex? 
Then, suddenly, I understood. You did it for a girl, didnt you? 
He hesitated, and his mouth opened for a second. Then it closed again, as if hed changed his mind about whatever he was about to say, and he started over. Yeah. For the first time since Id met him, he looked uncomfortable. But that was a long time ago.
How fucked up was that? To get the girl, hed had to swear never to have the girl. What kind of frigid moron would ask Noah Porter to sign a document swearing he wouldnt touch her? That was like buying a stove, then swearing off food. How could she be anywhere near him and not want tocook?
Are you still together? I asked, suddenly terrified that he knew all about fun-Allie and saw her as a secret way to scratch an itch his girlfriend wouldnt touch. He was too perfect, otherwise. He had to be hiding something.
No, Noah said, and I exhaled slowly, trying not to let my relief show. Not for nearly three years, now.
Then why are you stillcelibate? I shouldnt have asked. His personal choices were none of my business, but I had to understand how hed given up something most guys seemed to think they needed as badly as air, and water, and food. Where did his willpower come from?
From inexperience?
Maybe a virgin pledging celibacy was like a teetotaler swearing off alcoholif youve never tried it, you dont know what youre missing. No cravings. Easy peasy. 
Im still celibate because I gave my word.
Noahs answer was soft, but it sliced through me with an edge of sharp steel, cutting straight through all the layers of bullshitexcuse after excusethat Id used to shield myself from judgment for as long as I could remember. Those layers fell away, leaving me defenseless. 
Exposed. 
Noah was a man of honor, yet I could only be counted on to break my own promises.
Damn it I muttered, staring at the glass now perspiring in my hands.
Whats wrong? he asked, and I made myself meet his gaze.
I gave my word too.
You mean the pledge?
No. Well, yes, but not just that. I promised Violet.
He frowned. Your friend in rehab?
Yeah. I promised her Id get help for my addiction, and that Id stick with it.
Your addiction? Noahs left brow arched into a point, and his eyes shined with fresh humor. Which is when I remembered that Id accidentally joined a celibacy club.
I groaned, thinking back to the conversation wed had after Vi checked into New Beginnings, when Id begged him for help learning to say no. I didnt mean that like it sounded. Any of it. I covered my face with both hands, but Im sure my flush burned right through my fingers. 
Worth the Wait wasnt what you were expecting, because youre not addicted to sex. Noah pulled my hands down gently, and I opened my eyes to find him studying me, as if something he saw amused him.
No, not amused. Interested. He lookedintrigued.
What kind of meeting did you think you were attending, Allie?
AA, I admitted at last.
Okay. That makes more sense. He nodded, and I had a feeling he was replaying most of our previous conversations, armed with the new information. Then he smiled and his focus returned to my eyes. But I have to knowwhat made you think we were a support group for alcoholics?
We met in a rehab clinic, and you were talking about temptation and willpower. I shrugged. Celibacy clubs and addiction therapy use surprisingly similar rhetoric, I said, and he laughed out loud. 
Yeah, I guess they do. Noah leaned back in his booth and crossed powerful arms over his broad chest. Sowhy did you sign the pledge?
My face burned like Id been staring at the sun for hours. I sucked in a deep breath, but at first all that came out was a groan of frustration. Okay, I didnt actually read the pledge
Because youre illiterate? His grin reached all the way to his eyes, and I realized he was making fun of me.
No, smartass. Because I was too busy staring at you to focus on anything else. I wanted to take the words back as soon as Id said themcould I possibly look more like a puppy drooling over a bone?but he leaned over the table again, eyes bright with good humor.
The truth is that if I hadnt had my spiel down cold, I would have tripped over my own tongue for a solid hour. I was staring at you through the whole meeting.
You were? I might have noticed that, if I hadnt spent the whole time studying my sandals, humiliated by my outburst.
I was.
Before I could embarrass myself by asking him to say it again, the waitress appeared and set two enormous plates on the table, which was when I realized wed evidently ordered the entire menu.
What is this? 
Thats the taco sampler you ordered, Jeanne said. Shredded beef, shredded chicken, black bean, bean and cheese, fajita chicken, fajita beef, brisket, and fish. She pointed to each one as she named it. Served in an assortment of brightly colored corn envelopes. Enjoy!
I rotated my huge entree, but it didnt get any smaller. There was no optical illusion at play. Id actually ordered every taco on the menu.
But thats eight tacos. Who the hell can eat eight tacos in a single sitting?
Noah laughed and I looked up to see that he was starting on his third. Let me guess. You didnt read the menu either.
I plucked a chunk of fajita chicken from a red corn envelope and threw it at him. Noah caught it in his mouth and grinned while he chewed.
Jeanne clucked her tongue at us and left to refill Noahs glass. Mine remained half-full. Though a moment earlier, Id have sworn it was half-empty. 
So, Noah said, when hed finished his third taco and I was halfway through my first. Your plan is to quit drinking, cold turkey? On your own?
My plan was to quit drinking with the help of a group of like-minded recovering alcoholics. Instead, I got a room full of virgins.
I guess a room full of virgins isnt quite as helpful, huh?
For my purposes? No. But if you run afoul of an angry god, youre all set. You can keep throwing virgins into the volcano until the god is appeased, and presto! Celibacy has saved the world!
Noah laughed and nearly choked on a bite of bean, cheese, and blue corn shell. After hed washed the near-fatal mouthful down with a long drink from his glass, he grinned at me from across the table. I hope this angry god will make do with second-chance virgins, because I suspect thats mostly what we have to offer.
Wait, so youre not all?
As you might have noticed if youd actually read the pledge, thats not a question we ask new members. But I highly doubt it.
My tongue began to burn with the obvious question, but I bit it, and when that didnt work, I stuffed a huge bite of shredded beef taco into my mouth. I would not ask Noah Porter if he was a virgin. 
I would not.
You look like you want to say something. His eyes practically sparkled, and my cheeks warmed for the dozenth time in the past hour. Like maybe theres something you want to know.
Im not going to ask.
He leaned over the table again, and his gaze made my insides smolder. Then Im not going to tell you.
Noahs cryptic smile was too hot to stare at for more than a few seconds, so I finished my taco to keep from asking what I really, really wanted to knowa mini-exercise in self-control.
He finished his fifth taco and reached for a tortilla chip. So, have you tried this before?
Had I ever eaten tacos across the table from the hottest former-marine/maybe-virgin on the planet? 
A resounding no.
Tried to quit on your own, I mean.
Oh. Yeah. A few months ago. And last night. Kind of.
And how did that go?
Well, I didnt do anything stupid, but I did wake up next to an empty bottle of vodka. To be fair, it was nearly empty when I started. Well, two-thirds empty, anyway. 
Noah watched me for a second, eyes narrowed, focus intent, and I wondered what he was thinking. Do you have plans for the rest of the evening?
Well, I thought Id start with a searching and fearless moral inventory of myselfas per step four of twelvethen skip straight to self-flagellation to save time. Nothing that cant be postponed.
I helped my sister give up alcohol once, he said. The key was keeping her busy, so she didnt have time to think about wanting a drink.
Im assuming it didnt stick?
Noah shrugged. Its complicated with Emily, because drinkings not her only problem. But she made it through the night. They say you have to take it one day at a time, right? And I know a thing or two about resisting something you really want.
The clatter of silverware and the conversations going on around us faded into dim white noise, while my heartbeat suddenly seemed perfectly audible, counting the seconds that passed while I tried to interpret his intent. What are you offering?
Distraction. Entertainment. Company.
Why? I shouldnt have askedin retrospect, it sounded rudebut I had to know. Im not generally considered good company when Im sober. I think too much, and I talk too much, and I never find the nerve to reach for what I want.
Noah leaned forward and pulled Tylers phone from his back pocket, then pointed at me with it. Dont let assholes like this tell you what youre worth. You havent had a drink tonight, and Im in no hurry to say goodbye after dinner. I like you, Allie. Let me help you.
I blinked, trying to clear the hallucination from my vision, but if delusions were a symptom of withdrawal, my ears must have been in on the conspiracy because his words were still echoing in my head. 
I like you, Allie. 
If you dont want my help, then give me yours, Noah said, and I realized hed misunderstood my silence again. Dont make me go home to an empty apartment.
Oh, no, its not that I dont want help. I just I frowned. Are you sure?
Very. Ill be right back. Noah stood and grabbed the check from the edge of the tableI hadnt even seen the waitress drop it offthen headed for a cash register on a glass countertop next to the exit.
While he was gone, Jeanne stopped at our table with a thick paper to-go box. Youre not the first to try, and you wont be the last. She set the box between my nearly full taco platter and Noahs empty one. 
Excuse me? She didnt seem to be referring to my pathetic attempt to finish the sampler platter.
The waitress glanced over her shoulder, and I followed her focus to see Noah chatting amiably with the cashier, who stared up at him adoringly while she ran his card through the machine.
Girls like you are always chasing after him, hoping to be the one who makes him break his oath, but thats not going to happen. This isnt a game for him. Hes not a prize to be won.
Huh? You know about the oath?
Jeanne rolled her eyes, both hands planted on the smudged black apron tied over her generous hips. Honey, everyone knows about Noah and his oath. Hell if I werent old and happily married, maybe Id be throwing myself at him too. But my point is that hes finally got everything together. Dont mess it up for him. In the end, hell only hate you for it.
I frowned, trying to puzzle through a conversation I only seemed to have heard half of, but then Jeanne noticed Noah on his way back and left to refill someone elses drink.
You ready? Noah sat on the empty bench across from mine. When I nodded, he picked up my platter and carefully slid the leftover tacos into the paper container. My apartments only a few blocks away.
Maybe I shouldnt have gone with him. Maybe it was crazy of me to even think about going home with a guy Id only met the day before, but after seeing him visit his sister in rehab, lead a club of second-chance virgins, punch a guy who tried to grab me, and offer to help me through my first night of potential alcohol withdrawal, I felt safer with Noah Porter than Id ever felt in my entire life.
Yeah. Lets go. For the first time in my adult life, I followed a guy Id just met onto the street with nothing stronger than soda in my bloodstream and an ill-fated fog of lust clouding my judgment.

Chapter Five

Noah

Id led Allison three blocks west from the taco place and up two flights of stairs before I remembered I hadnt cleaned my apartment since the last time Piper had actually dropped Caroline off with me, instead of calling for me to come pick her up.
I hadnt had company tall enough to open the fridge in nearly a year.
Sorry about the mess, I said as I unlocked the door and held it open for Allie, thankful that the place was just cluttered, and not actually dirty.
Smiling, she pushed a pile of clean but unfolded clothes over and claimed a seat on the couch while I scrambled to clear a paper plate and two empty beer bottles from the coffee table. That was probably the last thing she needed to see. 
Why dont you pick a game and load it? I called from the kitchen, as I slid her leftover tacos into the fridge and pulled out a half-empty carton of Guinness. I shoved the beer under the sink, next to a can of spray cleaner I hadnt learned to use until Caroline had started crawling. 
The couch springs squealed when Allie stood, then the floor in front of the entertainment center creaked. These are mostly racing games. I figured you more for a first-person shooter.
Ive seen more than enough of that in real life. I pulled a couple of cold soda cans from the fridge, and she appeared in the kitchen doorway, holding two game cases, apparently worried about my mental state.
Sorry. I didnt mean to bring up anything traumatic.
No trauma, I assured her. I was actually pretty lucky. Two tours on the ground in Afghanistan but I never lost a friend. I led the way back into the living room and set both cans on the coffee table, then moved the pile of clean clothes to a chair while she sat, trying to decide between the two games she held. Made up your mind yet?
I dont really understand the difference between them.
That one has more car options, and more realistic interiors. But the other one has better courses. When her frown deepened, I plucked another case from beneath the edge of the couch, where itd fallen when Cara had played with her little pink steering wheel attachment. Or, theres always MarioKart, if thats more your speed. 
Yes! Allies eyes brightened. Ive actually heard of that one.
I loaded the game, and we spent the next couple of hours racing as Yoshi and Bowser. I won the first four races, but Allie was undeterred, and by the fifth try, shed gotten the hang of it. By the end of the first hour, I was more interested in watching her than watching the road, and the third time I bounced off a giant toadstool into a gulf in Mushroom Gorge, she was practically giddy with victory.
Allie's smile was wide and her eyes were bright. A strand of hair had caught in her lip gloss, but she hadnt noticed, and when I reached over to set it free, she froze, then turned to look at me while her kart careened over a cliff.
I kissed her. I couldnt help it. 
For a second, she stiffened, and I thought Id made a big mistake. She hadnt come over to hook up. Hell, shed probably only come over because she knew sex was off the table, and after the run-in with that asswipe Tyler, I couldnt blame her.
But then her game controller fell to the floor. Her mouth opened, inviting me in, and I groaned as my hand slid up her arm and over her shoulder to cup the base of her skull. I tilted her head and dove deeper, starving not just for a physical connection, but for a connection with her.
With Allie, with her pink polka dotted toenails, butterfingered determination to drag her life back on track, and her tendency to skip over not just the fine print, but the large print too. Allie was the kind of accidental adventure real people are never lucky enough to stumble across. The three-hour boat tour that lasts a lifetime. The magical closet that opens up to reveal a whole new world.
Kissing Allie was like watching that part in The Wizard of Oz where black-and-white gives way to full color and suddenly the whole world seems a lot bigger and brighter than you thought possible a moment before.
Touching Allie felt like waking up, when I hadnt even known I was asleep.
I pulled away, suddenly aware of how desperate I must seem. Like a loser who hadnt been laid in more than two years.
Mmmm Allie said, her voice raspy with desire, her eyes still closed, and suddenly my own need burned, thick and heavy, and demonstrably urgent. You dont taste like alcohol. Her eyes opened and she frowned at me, and with a sudden startling bolt of insight, I realized she wassurprised.
Wait. Allie, have you never kissed anyone who wasnt drinking?
Her frown deepened and her face flushed. Idamn, thats embarrassing, but I guess not.
Not even as a kid? In high school? 
She started to bury her face in her hands, so I reached out for one and threaded my fingers between hers. I wanted to see what she was thinking. What she was feeling.
Iumtook my first drink at a party when I was fifteen, trying to work up the courage to talk to this guy. It worked. He was my first kiss. Hed been drinking beer. I remember that he tasted sour. But you taste good. Her gaze dropped to my mouth and her lips opened, just a little. That was all the hint I needed.
I kissed her again, possessed by the sudden driving need to show her what shed been missing. Her hand skimmed my arm just beneath my sleeve. Her touch was frustratingly light. Unbearably insufficient. I wanted more of her. I wanted her to want more of me.
I pulled Allie's lower lip between my teeth and tugged gently, and she moaned into my mouth. Her hand clenched around my arm, then moved up, and I let her explore on her own while I tried not to devour her in a single sitting. She seemed hungry for contact, yet hesitant, as if she expected me to push her away, and each soft brush of her fingers over my shirt was somehow more arousing than flesh against flesh, because I knew damn well that I couldnt have Allie Daniels. I shouldnt even be touching her. But the straight and narrow path Id committed to years before had just encountered curves I wasnt sure I could resist, and her hip was the only thing I had to hold on to. 
I pulled her closer, nearly desperate for more, and when she finally backed away from that kiss, her hands kept moving over my shoulders slowly, feeling their way toward my collarbone, and I realized she wasnt stopping; she was catching her breath.
My mouth trailed over her chin and down her neck, taking little tastes and nibbles as her hands trailed lower. Slowly. I let her go at her own speed, telling myself I deserved the torture, but the truth was that I loved it. Her pace was agonyId never been so swollen or sensitive, and every touch made that worsebut rushing it would only bring our doomed connection to its unsatisfying end that much sooner. 
Noah, she murmured, her head thrown back, as I licked a light path over her throat, headed for the hollow at the center of her collarbones. 
Hmmm?
What are we doing? Her words were more breath than sound, and my jeans had become uncomfortably tight. I ached to exchange the pressure of denim for a much hotter, wetter kind of friction. 
But I had no business even thinking about what I really wanted
I think the kids call this making out. When I sat up to look at her, her focus burned into me with unrestrained heat, and I wondered if I was seeing her desire, or a reflection of my own. Could she possibly want me as badly as I wanted her? 
No. Not possible.
What do you want to do? I needed to hear her say what she wanted from me. 
I dont want to break my pledge. Well, I want to, but
We wont. I bent toward her again, but she pulled me back up, and I had to swallow a groan.
Then what are we doing? I mean whats the point, if neither of us can You know. She shrugged, chewing on her lower lip in frustration. Confliction. Arent we just torturing ourselves?
Yes. 
Touching her was like standing by the campfire for warmthI craved her heat, yet knew that the closer I got, the more likely I was to get burned. But in that moment, as the flames jumped all around me, I didnt fucking care. I wanted nothing more than to touch her again. To keep touching her until her back arched, and her fingers clutched the sheets, and she cried out my name. I wanted her to fall asleep on my pillow and make little noises that told me she was dreaming about me. About what wed done. About what we could do over, and over again
Yet I couldnt have Allie. Not the way I wanted her. 
But I could get damn close. 
I smiled, and her gaze dropped to my mouth, so I tilted her face back up with one finger beneath her chin. If you think the only options for tonight are all or nothing, your boyfriends have been doing it all wrong. 
Ive never reallyhad a boyfriend, she admitted with another little blush. Just hookups. 
How was that even possible? How could any man walk away from her after one taste?
This is not a hookup. I would not be done with her after one night.
Then what is this?
Its whatever you want it to be. I bent toward her mouth again, eager for another taste, and her lips moved against mine, whispering.
I need a drink.
No you dont. I ran one hand lightly up the cotton-covered side swell of her breast, and she caught her breath, as if the touch was new. Novel. But how was that even possible?
I do, Noah.
Why? 
Because I want thiswhatever this isbut I dont know how to do this without...help. 
She didnt know how?
I sat up, surprised to see that she suddenly looked terrified. A drink wont help you; itll numb you. I let her see the heat in my gaze, evidence of how badly I wanted her, and just how well she did know how to do this. Youre doing just fine. Better than fine.
But Im not. Im thinking too much, and now Im babbling and making a fool of myself, and
Whoa, Allie, theres no pressure here. No reason to be nervous. No wonder she drank. If the inside of her head was half as chaotic as the fractured thoughts and insecurities spilling out of her, I wasnt sure how she made it out of bed in the morning without a sedative. This should be fun. We dont have to do anything you dont want to do. 
But I do wantwhatever were allowed to do. Her hand slid into my grip tentatively, as if she were afraid Id push her away. I just need a drink first. To relax. To get out of my own head.
You dont need a drink to relax. I tried to pull her closer, but her spine was stiff and her jaw was clenched, as if wed reached some line she couldnt cross without a drink in her hand. I leaned in until her hair brushed my cheek. Until her earlobe skimmed my lower lip. What are you afraid of? I whispered, and she sucked in a quick breath. Im not going to hurt you.
Im not afraid of you. Im afraid of me. Of doing everything wrong. I wantthings. But I dont know how to take them without over-thinking everything. I need a drink. Just a small one. Just a beer. Do you have a beer?
You dont need a drink, I said, but she wasnt really listening. So I kissed her again, and finally she relaxed. See? I said moments later, when she pulled just far enough away to look into my eyes. You dont need to be drunk. You need to be kissed.
Maybe I need both.
I shook my head slowly, without breaking eye contact. I can help you forget about alcohol. 
Oh, please let me help you forget about alcohol. 
Her breathing quickened, and her heart raced so fast I could actually see the tops of her breasts jiggle a little with each beat. How would you do that?
I couldnt resist a smile. However you like. Theres only one thing we cant do. I leaned in and pulled her earlobe into my mouth, breathing in the smell of her shampoo and the clean scent of her skin as my hand slid up from her hip, over her waist until I felt the side of her breast against my palm again. A touch that held infinite possibility, yet demanded nothing. Where do you want me?
She shuddered, and I ached to feel her beneath me. Around me. I dont know.
Shy girl. I nibbled a trail down the side of her throat. You can whisper, if you want. Or draw a picture. Hell, just point. What do you like, Allie?
I dont know, she said again, her words just a hint of sound breathed against my neck, and I realized she was serious. I dont remember.
You dont remember what you like?
I dont remember what Ive done.
I sat up again, her fingers laced with mine, and found a heartbreaking blend of excitement and nerves in her eyes. In the furrow between her eyebrows. In the way her teeth chattered softly, her chin bouncing. You dont remember anything? You dont remember sex?
Just flashes. Im not good at much, Noah, but Im good at drinking. Im so good at it that I dont even remember doing whatTyler showed me.
Anger built deep inside me. That bastard knew she was drunk. Hell, she was barely conscious. He never should have touched her. 
I should have broken his whole fucking face. Maybe it wasnt too late. 
She frowned, and I realized shed misinterpreted my anger. Dont worry, I get tested regularly. Im clean. And Im on the pill. And I think Ive always used condoms, but honestly that parts a little fuzzy 
I shook my head. Thats not what
Allies frown deepened, and something fragile shattered behind her eyes, exposing a thread of steel she seemed surprised to have uncovered. Im not doing that anymore, Noah. She stood, and suddenly her eyes looked shiny. Then she blinked and the shine was gone. I promised Violet Id get my life together, and I meant it. At first, I thought that just meant getting the drinking under control, but its about more than that. Its about losing entire chunks of my life. About giving them awaythrowing them awaybecause I was too scared to admit what I wanted. To take responsibility for what I was doing. The internet remembers more of what Ive done than I do. Id have to search YouTube to come up with names and dates to put with what few faces I remember, and Im done with that. Im not going to hook up with you tonight, then not see you again until you need another itch scratched.
Thats not fair, Allie. Thats not what this is. I stood and grabbed her hand, pulling her back gently. This is not a hookup. Im not Tyler. And youre not drunk.
Her eyes widened. I shouldnt have Im sorry. Allie flushed, patting her pocket for her phone, then headed for the door. This is my baggage, not yours.
Wait. I reached for her again, but caught just the tips of her fingers. Dont go. Please. This isnt about myitches. Ive been scratching those all on my own for quite a while now. Tonights about you. I pulled her close, wrapping my arms all the way around her, then tilted my head to whisper into her ear, through her hair. And I dont want you to forget a single second of whatever we do, even if that turns out to be nothing but MarioKart.
Her laughter was half-sob, but when she pulled back to look at me, her smile reached her eyes. No more MarioKart. That mall levels a real bitch. I keep going up the wrong escalator. She sank onto the couch next to me and when I pulled her closer, she came willingly. How the hell are you still single? Jeanne-the-waitress said girls are tripping all over one another to help you break your pledge.
Jeanne-the-waitress exaggerates.
Allie laughed. I doubt it.
I shrugged. Thereve been a few, but when they dont get what theyre after, they move on. Abstinence is a deal breaker for most women.
 Even with all those other things you claim you can do? Her left eyebrow rose into a delicate arch, and I realized she was teasing me. Which meant she was starting to relax.
You sound skeptical. 
Little bit. She laughed, and I wanted her so badly my hands ached to feel her skin. To touch her for real.
Maybe I couldnt have Allie the way I wanted her, but she could sure as hell have me.
Most of me, anyway.
Challenge accepted. I slid one hand beneath her hip and pulled her down onto the couch, her head propped on the pillowed arm. She gasped at the sudden change in position, then bit her lip when I lowered myself over her, guiding her right leg around my waist, hating every square inch clothing separating us. 
I dont know what Im doing, Noah.
I hated the resurgence of uncertainty in her eyes. The anxiety. I hated whatever it was that had led her to numb herself over and over, when she should have been free to enjoy. To feel.
You dont have to do a thing, other than relax, and there are ways to do that that dont involve alcohol. I slid my hand over the back of her thigh, smooth and firm, until thin denim came between me and soft, warm flesh. Have you ever had an orgasm, Allie?
Her deepening flush was so adorable I wanted to know how much pinker she could get. What shed look like as she came, hopefully moaning my name.
I dont know. Maybe.
Youd remember, I whispered against her neck, just below her ear. Her head fell back, granting me greater access, and I swallowed a moan of my own.
I started at her neck, kissing, nibbling softly, and she made sweet little noises every time I found a spot she liked. I worked my way over her collarbone toward her cleavageshe had beautiful, full breastswhile my hands inched beneath her shirt, lightly skimming her stomach, then her ribs, until goose bumps rose on her skin. She arched into every touch with a raw, simple excitement, but still tensed every now and then, as if shed suddenly remembered where she was and what she was doing. 
Allie was right; she desperately needed to crawl out of her own head and into the moment. She was obviously more used to being grabbed than touched, and as angry as I was over what shed missed out on, I was unexpectedly pleased to realize Id be the first to show her how good her body could feel.
When her blouse became an intolerable obstacle, I rose until I could see her face. I want to take off your shirt. 
Her eyes flew open, already glazed with pleasure, and we were just getting started. I want to burn your entire wardrobe and dance in the ashes, she said, and I laughed out loud. Mine for yours?
Fair enough.
She sat up and reached for the hem of her tee, but I put my hands over hers. I want to take off your shirt.
Her gaze held mine while she raised her arms, and I pulled the material off slowly, running my hands over her skin on the way, savoring every second of contact. Touching Allie was the closest Id come to breaking my pledge, and part of me was terrified that in the end, I wouldnt be able to resist her. 
Her shirt fell on the floor, and at first I could only stare, watching her chest rise and fall with each breath. Watching anticipation grow in her gaze with every second I resisted touching her. Watching her watch me.
You are beautiful, Allison. 
She reached for me, and I fought for patience while she pulled my shirt over my head. Her eyes widened and she dropped the material, her gaze sliding down my chest and over my stomach, where it snagged on my zipperor maybe on the bulge beneath. Allie reached out as if shed touch me, but her hand stopped so close to my stomach a particle of dust couldnt have fit between us. So close I could almost feel the warmth from her fingertips. So close I became convinced she was a closet sadist, sent to torture me with innocent looks and delicate touches, when I wanted her to take what she wantedeven if I wasnt supposed to let either of us have that.
Finally her fingers landed, followed by her entire palm. I watched her eyes as her hand skimmed over my stomach, then settled in the center of my chest. I dont remember anything like this she whispered, and I couldnt hold back a grunt of satisfaction. 
She wanted me. Not just because of what I could do for hershe didnt even seem to truly understand what that was. Not just so she could be the girl whod obliterated the club presidents vow of celibacy. 
Allie wanted me.
Out of patience, I reached around to unhook her bra and take it off, then leaned her back again, suddenly desperate to taste more of her. I took her nipple in my mouth, sucking lightly, and it hardened against my tongue. She arched toward me, and I slid one hand beneath her, holding her closer as I sucked a little harder, trying to ignore the demands of my own body by pretending that patience would yield reward. 
And maybe it would, but not in the short term. Not with Allie beneath and around me. Not tonight.
I paid special attention to her breasts, fairly certain from her response that theyd been neglected for far too long, but my free hand moved on its own, over the flat plane of her stomach and the dip of her belly button to where soft flesh gave way to a denim ridge and a metal button. 
I shoved the button through its hole and tugged on the flap, then waited for an objection. A hesitance. When her hips arched toward me instead, I slid my hand lower, lower while she held her breath. Lower still, until I found her already hot and swollen, and damn well ready for what I wasnt allowed to give her.
I groaned and closed my eyes, breathing deeply, fighting for patience. Restraint.
Whats wrong? she whispered, tensing beneath me.
Not a fucking thing. I slid one finger lightly down her center, over the firm, sensitive little point, and Allie gasped, so I did it again. Her head rolled to one side and her eyes closed, but she licked her lips. And she let me play.
I stroked and teased and explored, and she made soft sounds I would surely hear in my dreams. Sounds I wanted to hear in my bed, and in my shower, and on my kitchen counter. Those little moans became my goal; feeling her arch and squirm beneath me was my reward. She was deliciousa pleasure to every sense I hadand with that realization came another.
Allie might be the addict, but after knowing her for less than two days, I wasnt entirely sure I could give her up, even if I had to.
And I would have to. Eventually. 
But not tonight.
Allie groaned when I pulled my hand back up over her stomach. Dont worry. Were not done. I slid lower and tasted a trail down the center of her stomach as I slid her shorts and underwear over her hips. When I rose to pull her clothes the rest of the way off, she sat up and reached for the button at my crotch.
Thats not a good idea, I said, running my hands over the soles of her feet as I slid her sandals off.
But Im naked, and youre She glanced pointedly at the prominent bulge beneath my zipper, and I laughed.
Itll keep. Trust me.
But thats not fair.
I took a deep breath, then tried to explain. Allie, my willpower is damn near legendary, but youre almost more than I can handle. Almost. So lie back and let me handle you.
Her eyes widened and her cheeks flushed again. Then she gave me a tiny smile and leaned back on the arm of the couch. 
I slid my hands beneath her thighs and over her fucking miracle of an ass, then angled her toward the edge of the couch as I sank to the floor on my knees. She stared down at me with huge, nervous eyes as I spread her legs and settled into the exquisite space between. Seeing is different than touching, she said, brow furrowed.
Yes, and tasting is better than both. Relax, I whispered, and she nodded, but she was still tense, so I slid one hand over her hip and up her side to cup her breast, rubbing my thumb softly across her nipple, and she finally let her head fall back against the arm of the couch.
I dropped a kiss low on her stomach, then another on the arch of her pubic bone while I stroked her lightly with one finger until she started making those sounds again, arching her hips into my touch. Then I moved lower and let my mouth play where only my fingers had been before. 
Allie gasped at the first stroke of my tongue. Her hand clenched the edge of the couch cushion, and I throbbed so hot and hard I had to shift into a more forgiving position to keep from losing control of my own needs. I tilted her hips up with both hands, still licking long and slow, and she opened wider for me. 
Oh she breathed, and I went faster, flicking my tongue over the firm tip of her, my left hand wrapped over the outside of her thigh. I lifted her left leg and laid it over my shoulder, then let my rhythm build. Faster. Tighter.
When she began to rock toward me, wordlessly demanding more, I slid one finger inside her, and was rewarded with an inarticulate moan of pleasure. A second finger made her thighs clench, and when my hand matched the rhythm of my tongue she gripped the back of the couch with her free hand and finally let her legs relax completely. You are not a virgin.
I replaced my tongue with my thumb, and she groaned. Not even close. But you may as well be. She was so tight. So hot. So wet I almost felt guilty for withholding what we both wanted. But she was close. Possibly for the very first time. Here. I grabbed a throw pillow from the other end of the couch and set it on her stomach. The walls are thin.
She looked puzzled until my tongue reclaimed its territory, and she sucked in another breath. I stroked faster, sliding deeper into her over and over, pressing up with each gentle plunge until she cried out and clenched around my fingers. 
Allie pressed the pillow against her mouth with one hand and slid the other into my hair while she came in a series of spasms so hot and tight I actually became jealous of my own fingers. 
When it was overwhen the pillow had tumbled to the floorI rose to lay my head on her stomach and slowly withdrew my fingers while she trembled. 
Holy shit, she murmured and I laughed, then kissed her belly button and rose to lie next to her on the couch. If thats what you can do with abstinence, I think it was just plain selfish of you to sign that damn pledge. Where do you get off denying the world your true potential?
I dont get off. Thats the whole point, I said, without bothering to filter frustration from my voice. 
But why? I mean, thats like a fucking superpower. Would it be fair of Spiderman to refuse to shoot webs and climb buildings when people need him?
I chuckled and leaned closer to kiss her, then whispered into her ear. I may not be allowed to shoot webs anymore, but I will climb you any time you need me. You dont even have to ask.
She made a low, satisfied sound when I slid my leg between her bare thighs, and her hand clenched around my bicep. 
So I said, with a quick suck at her ear lobe. Was that the first time?
She nodded, shuddering when my thigh slid deeper between her legs. You were right. I would have remembered.
You never tried it on your own?
Of course I tried. She brushed hair away from her face and kissed the back edge of my jaw, then moved toward my ear. I tilted my head back to give her better access. Ive read about it.
Youve read about it? I was unreasonably turned on by the thought of her propped up on a pillow in bed, holding a dirty book in one hand and getting to know herself with the other.
Yes. I knew what was supposed to happen. At least, I thought I did. Alas, Im not as good with my hands as you are.
Well have to work on that. That, and so much more
You want me to? While you watch? She looked both horrified and intrigued. Are you serious?
Youre adorable when you blush. It makes me want to say dirty things, just to watch your cheeks turn pink.
Is that what youre doing now? She propped herself on one elbow and frowned down at me, her hair brushing the cushion beneath us. Or were you serious about me andmyself?
I laughed and ignored her question. That said, your cheeks arent the pinkest part of you. Her flush deepened, and I rose to kiss her heated forehead. Well, they might be now. How could any of those other assholes have been content to screw her without truly fucking her? Without feeling her clench, and writhe, and hearing her cry out? What was the point, if she didnt like what they were doing? If she couldnt even remember it?
They were idiots, every one, but they didnt matter anymore, and I was kind of glad she couldnt remember them. And even more glad that she would damn well remember me.
Finally, when her flush had faded and her skin had started to cool, Allie sat up and reached for her clothes. 
I pulled her back down. Dont go.
Ever? That might interfere with some classes
Dont go now. Dont go tonight.
She laid one hand on my chest, while mine snaked over her bare waist and pulled her closer. You really want me to stay?
I do.
Allie frowned. You think if I go home, Ill drink.
Yes, but thats not why I want you to stay. I wasnt sure if she believed me, but she didnt argue. Her hips shifted against me, and I couldnt hold back a groan. I was so hard it almost hurt.
She pulled away and reached for the bulge between us, smiling. Well, at least let me
No, I said, and she looked up in surprise. Thats not why I want you to stay either. I told you, tonights about you.
And that was true. But the rest of the truth was that I hadnt been with a woman in a long time, and Id never wanted anyone like I wanted Allie. I wouldnt last ninety-seconds if she tried to touch me. But I wasnt done touching her. So I stood and lifted her, and her arms slid around my neck while I wrapped her naked legs around my waist.
Then I took her to my bedroom.

Chapter Six

Allie

I woke up in Noahs bed, with his arm wrapped around me, wearing nothing but a sheet. My head didnt hurt. My mouth wasnt dry. I didnt feel like puking. I wasnt dizzy.
Id woken up in strange beds before, but never with the guy still next to me. Never without a hangover. 
Never with Noah.
Hed asked me to stay. Warmth spread through me on the heels of that thought.
I wasnt sure what to do the morning after, since searching for clothes and stumbling out onto the sidewalk werent necessary. Should I go back to sleep? Should I wake him up? Make coffee?
I turned to face him slowly, trying not to jostle the mattress, but his eyes were already open by the time I found them. Noah smiled and brushed a strand of hair from my forehead. Morning.
I drew the same conclusion. Sunlights a dead giveaway. I hadnt seen eight a.m. in months. And suddenly I was miserably aware that I needed a toothbrush.
You have class today?
I sat up, holding the sheet to my chest, and he sat with me. Not until eleven. You?
Not till fall. Gotta be at work in an hour, though.
Work. I didnt even know what he did for a living. Though after last night, I knew exactly what he didand what he didnt dofor fun. Where do you work?
Golds Fitness. Im a trainer.
No wonder he looked like he lived at the gym. He practically did. Is that fun?
Its bullshit. He shrugged, and I watched muscles shift beneath his skin like a snake watching its charmer, fully aware that if I didnt look away soon, I might never be able to. He was gorgeous. But I have unlimited access to the equipment, and since Im full time, theres medical.
You go to school and work full time? And have insurance? And knew exactly how to make a girl scream, and when to hand her a pillow to scream into. What are you, a grown up?
He laughed. I only take nine hours a semester, and I dont go summers. Im finally almost done, though. What do you do when youre not in class? 
I man the desk at the dorm five afternoons a week. The pay is crap, but not much happens, and the enforced sobriety lets me get in some studying. My advisor thought itd be a good fit for my scholarship. 
Youre on scholarship? He looked impressed, but I already regretted mentioning it.
I was. Thanks to strong verbal scores and Vis help with math. I lost the funds last semester over an eight a.m. calculus class. My advisor said I might get the scholarship back if I ace the summer retake. She seems to think I have untapped potential.
Noah leaned forward and kissed me, despite my morning breath. Im guessing the pun was unintentional, but based on last night, Id say shes right.
I flushed at the memory of what wed done. What hed done. Twice. How could I have done so much before, yet experienced so little?
Go out with me again, Allie, he said, and I looked up to find Noah watching me, the gray striped sheet twisted around his leg. Orstay in with me again.
Are you serious? I said, and he nodded. Are you sure?
He frowned. Why would you even ask that?
I hesitated, reluctant to push him away with the truth, but even more reluctant to let him believe I was something I wasnt. Because Im a disaster. Seriously, Violet says theyre going to name the next hurricane after me. And it didnt seem fair to condemn a man whod already given up sex to another night spent with a girl suffering alcohol withdrawal. Im not in a great place right now.
He pulled me into his lap, and I let him, because nothing in my entire life had ever felt as good as touching Noah. As being touched by him. Youre in exactly the right place. He rocked me against him, to emphasize the point.
I groaned as heat spread through me. Okay, I dont think my high school debate coach would recognize that as a valid rebuttal, but you raise a good point. A good long, hard point. But you know what I mean. Ive done this before. Ive tried to do this. And Ive always failed.
His hands roamed my bare back slowly. I know what cold turkey means. I know what youre going through, and I know how to help. I want to help. His hand slid over my shoulder and down my arm. And you made it through last night just fine.
I ran one hand over his chest, half-lost in naughty memories. I wasnt exactly thinking about drinking last night.
Thats my point. I dont think youre chemically addicted. I think youre psychologically addicted. You only think you need to drink, to help you deal with social interactions.
And in the recent past, my social interactions had pretty much been limited to bar hookups and frat parties. Youre a psych major? 
He laughed. Physical therapy. I was lucky in Afghanistan, but I know lots of guys who came back with permanent trauma. Some missing limbs. Someday Ill be able to help, he said, and I ran my fingers over the scrolling Semper Fi tattooed around his massive left bicep. Hed seen things I couldnt imagine, and instead of running from themor killing his memory, one brain cell at a timehe was spending years in school, learning to give back.
The guy was a fucking saint, wrapped in a US flag. I wanted to wrap him in me, and for one irrational instant, I kind of wanted to scrawl my own name somewhere on him, just to lay claim.
Would Allie calls dibs! be completely inappropriate, printed across his six-pack, if I picked a nice masculine font?
Noah ducked to catch my gaze. Im not a martyr, Allie. PTs a paying gig. Even for the VA. But Im also a veteran of many Al-anon meetings, courtesy of my sister. So I do know what youre going through.
Okay, but
Look. Noah took both my hands. Alcohol, sex, it doesnt matter. Its not about what you give up; its about taking control of your life. You promised your friend, and you promised yourself. Are you going to keep your word?
Yes. I nodded, more to convince myself than to convince him. Im fully committed to my oath.
And Im committed to mine. So well help each other.
My brows rose, and I let one hand trail over his smooth, hard chest. You dont seem to need much help keeping your word.
You have no idea. His gaze was scaldingly intimate, and memories from the night before burned hot and low inside me. But I know a thing or two about willpower, and if youd actually read that pledge, youd know that the first part of what you promised involves avoiding temptation. I can help you do that. 
I nearly choked on disbelief. You seriously think going out with youstaying in with youwould be avoiding temptation? Noah was sin on a sticklike a sex popsicleand all Id really wanted to do since the moment Id met him was take a big lick.
I meant the temptation to drink. He shrugged. Last nights distraction seemed to work.
So, your plan is to distract me from any future alcohol cravings like you did last night? Be still, my throbbing loins
In endless variations He pulled me closer and tucked my legs around his waist, and suddenly I felt embarrassingly, tragically inexperienced. Yet eager to learn.
How the hell am I supposed to say no to that?
Youre not. His hands slid lower, cradling my backside, and I wished he were as naked as I was. I will never ask you to do something you should say no to. He leaned in and lifted me until my ear brushed his lips. But youre going to say yes to everything I do ask you for, and youll be very He dropped a kiss just below my ear. glad Another kiss landed on the edge of my jaw. you did. The third kiss was actually a light suck on my left nipple, and warmth slid down my insides to pulse where my naked body met the bulge throbbing hot and hard beneath both the sheet and his boxer briefs.
Yes I whispered as his mouth met mine.

***

Hey, Brenna stood when I stepped into the reception area on the first floor of the dorm, ready to give up her chair at the desk now that she was officially off-duty. Heard anything from Violet?
Not yet. I set my backpack beneath the desk and grabbed a soda from the mini-fridge. Shes allowed to have visitors, but Im trying to give her some time to adjust. I hear the first week is hell, thanks to all the room service and massages. But the truth was that she didnt want to see me. Not yet.
I saw you out with Noah again last night. Brenna grinned, hooking her purse strap over one shoulder. Looks like its getting serious She let her arched brows ask the silent question. 
Is it?
I shrugged. Its only been a week, but its as serious as it can be, I guess. Considering.
The whole abstinence thing. Brenna nodded gravely, as if celibacy were a terminal condition, worthy of sympathy. So he still wont?
Had she just given up on complete sentences? 
Everything but. And its amazing. I couldnt hide what was probably a scandalous smile. Like, unreal. I sat on the edge of the desk and she sank back into the chair, obviously willing to delay her escape in exchange for details about my erotic encounters with the worlds hottest barely-celibate ex-Marine. Hes a very talented man.
Seriously? Brenna's brows dipped low over brown eyes. Because hes kind of notoriously hands-off.
Oh, totally. In fact, I was already flushing again with the memory of how many parts of my body he hadnt been able to keep his hands off. Says who?
Says everyone. I had Intro Psych with him a couple of semesters ago, and couple of girls who sat behind him thought they could get him to give it up if they worked together. If you know what I mean. Her brows rose and her head tilted.
The potted plant knows what you mean. I glanced at the fake fern in one corner of the reception area with a grin.
Whatever. My point is that he thanked them politely for the offer, then sent them on their way without so much as a kiss to write home about. But you
I couldnt resist a private, heated smile at the thought that I might be the only girl in years that Noah hadnt pushed away. Not that hed truly let me in, either. The mans fly was sealed up tighter than the fucking space shuttle.
Brenna grinned as if she understood. I guess theres more than one way to keep a man happy, huh?
My exhalation sounded as frustrated as it felt. I wouldnt know. He still wont let me touch him.
She swiveled in her chair to face me. Wait, at all?
I shrugged. Hes a giver. And a man of his word.
Well, he used to be a player. I think thats why so many girls have tried to take him off the shelf and put him back into service. He used to hand it out like candy, then a couple of years agobam. She clapped, and I actually jumped. Nothin. Now he heads up that weird celibacy clubthough Im guessing he doesnt mention all the fun you two are having latelyand no one I know has any idea why he signed the pledge.
The day before, Noah and I had arrived separately for my second Worth The Wait meeting, and while wed shared more than a few heated looks, wed stayed across the room from each other by a mutual but unspoken understanding that if we got too close, there would be touching of body parts not often touchedor even acknowledgedat a celibacy club meeting. And once that happened, no one would believe we hadnt broken our vows.
After only two meetings, I knew the rest of the group wouldnt be as eager as he and I were to embrace the technicality.
When I looked up, I found Brenna watching me, still waiting for an answer to a question she hadnt actually asked.
Um. He said he signed for a girl. 
Well, if he signed the oath for one girl, couldnt he break it for another?
Maybe, but I was not going to pressure him to break his vow, no matter how badly I wanted all of him, because I didnt want him to thank me politely for the offer, then send me on my way. He will. When he gets married. 
Her eyes widened again, and I realized shed drawn a drastically inaccurate conclusion. Thats not what I meant. Were not We just met a week ago!
Brenna crossed her arms over her chest and grinned up at me, rocking the wheeled chair with one foot on the ground. If hes that skilled a soldier without even unholstering his gun, maybe you should marry him.
I rolled my eyes, glad she couldnt see the spike in my pulse at the very thought of what Noah and I had yet to share. And the thought of a future with him. Im not going to get married just because a guy knows how to use his hands. And his mouth. And my hands. And certain gentle friction fabrics, whichas it turns outhave multiple uses and can be quite stimulating. Besides, thats not even the point. Ive been going through something, and hes been there for me every night since I met him. And theres nothing in it for him. Nothing. If anything, Ive made his life more difficult, but there he is. Just because I need him.
Brenna frowned at me through narrowed eyes, assessing all the things I hadnt said. You quit drinking, she said at last, and I nodded. Violet went to rehab, and you quit drinking. Howd that even happen?
Dont ask. Its complicated. But I wouldnt have gotten this far without Noah.
After Brenna left, I spent two hours answering phones, handing out what little snail mail still came for my fellow students and studying calculus in the down time. My cell phone rang, and I couldnt resist a smile when I saw Noahs number.
Whatcha doing? he said into my ear, and in the background, I heard the clank of weights, the whir of stationary bikes, and the occasional shout of encouragement. He was at work.
Calculus. You?
Taking a break. What time do you get off?
Typically about ten minutes after I walk into your apartment, I said, and he laughed. Im done here at five. You?
Not till seven, but I have another break at five thirty, if you want to come by.
Was that another pun?
Hell yes, he said, and I rolled my eyes, though he couldnt see me.
Should I bring dinner?
You are dinner.
I swiveled in my chair, turning my back to the lobby so no one could see the flames burning in my face. You sure? 
Well, I wouldnt say no to a burger, but well call that dessert. And Allie?
Yeah?
Wear a skirt. Something loose.

***

Can I help you? A man in a blue training shirt leaned against the front of the membership desk, rescuing me from a receptionist in a purple sports bra who looked like she could probably bench press my entire body. With one insanely over-developed arm.
Im here to see Noah Porter.
Do you have a session scheduled? the woman asked, and the guy in front of me laughed, showing off a wide, friendly smile and a jaw evidently chiseled out of solid beefcake. 
This wasnt a gym, it was a muscle factory. There was probably some big room in the back where robotic arms assembled slabs of beefcake one muscle-bound limb at a time. 
I wondered if I could place an order to go.
Then I remembered that Noah and I would be dining in.
The name stitched beneath Golds Fitness on the mans shirt was M. Coleman, and the letters tattooed on his arm, black as sin against smooth, dark skin, read, USMC.
Ah. Another marine.
Coleman glanced at the fast-food bag I held, then his bright-eyed gaze found mine. Oh, shes scheduled, but its not that kind of session. He laughed, without even a glance at the oddly muscle-bound girl. You must be Allison.
Noah mentioned me? Why did that thought make me smile like a fool?
Only every twenty minutes for the past week, he said, and warmth tingled deep in my stomach. I wasnt accustomed to beingmentionable. Come on, Ill take you back.
Micah, right? I said as Coleman led me down a glass-walled hall, past large rooms full of weight machines, stationary bikes, and women in the middle of some high intensity step class. Colemans name was familiar from what Noahd told me about his time as a marinean LAV crewmanand the tattoo was a clear hint. You were in combat with Noah?
Twice. Four years in the Corps. One tour in Afghanistan, one in Iraq.
And now you both work here?
He nodded as we passed a set of locker rooms and a suite of offices. College boy got me the job when I rejoined the civilian world last year. I needed a hand, and he likes to fix things.
Yes, he does, I said, and Micahs amused look told me he was privy to the only-semi-celibate nature of my relationship with Noah. But that was fair, considering what Id told Brenna.
What Id wanted to tell Violet. 
I missed her more than Id thought possible, and having Noah only made that worse. I wanted to tell her about him. All about him. I wanted her to see him, and get to know him, and confirm for me that he was as amazing as I thought he was.
I wanted her to see that Id finally made a very good decision.
Porter fixing you too? Micah stopped in front of a door that read, Staff Only, clearly blocking the way. Evidently he wasnt done deciding that I was good enough for Noah, and suddenly I was worried he wouldnt come to that conclusion. And I couldnt really blame him.
Umkind of.
Hes good people, Allison. He deserves
I crossed my arms over my chest, the paper bag still clutched in my right fist. If this is where you tell me not to hurt him
Micah shook his head. Porter can take care of himself. Been doin that for a couple a years now, on a personal level, and Im not even gonna pretend I get it. That whole clubs fucking crazy. Except it aint fuckin crazy, you know? What Im saying is that the mans crammed hard between that proverbial rock and a configuration of very soft places. His gaze wandered down my body, but didnt linger or leer. It was a compliment, not a come-on. 
Hes not stuck between me and the celibacy club. Im a member too. Im not out to violate his oath, or mine, I swear.
Between you and the club? Micahs eyes narrowed as he searched my gaze for somethingcomprehension?but obviously didnt find whatever he was looking for. Thats not where hes stuck, hon. But he is in a tough spot, so what Im saying is that if hes gonna take that kind of risk for you, the least you can do is make it worth his while.
Meaning what, exactly? But I was pretty sure I knew what he meant.
Micahs gaze dropped to my mouth, and I could already feel my face flame. Its better to give than to receive, hon.
That is so none of your business. I lowered my voice and glanced behind me, to make sure no one else could overhear. But for the record, I tried. He wont let me
Micah held up one hand, and I bit off the rest of my sentence. Youre allergic to cucumbers. You never see the movie until youve read the book, and your arch nemesis is the dreaded decimal point. Your shampoo smells like fruit, but your lotion is vanilla, which means your boy pops a hard-on every time someone walks by with a piece of pie. And rumor has it you possess the single hottest pair of pink cutoff shorts the fashion industry has ever produced.
I blinked at him, stunned beyond words.
One guess how I know all that.
Please tell me youre psychic. But the sudden existence-jarring thud of my heart said otherwise, and Micahs head shake confirmed it. He talks about me.
The boys been bit. Hard. Theres only one thing in the world hed say no to, with you askin, and I dont know how long hes gonna last on that, so I hope youre strong, hon, because if not, youre dangerous.
Dangerous? In my whole life, no one had ever considered me dangerous. How much could that oath possibly mean to him? 
So maybe give it one more shot, to keep the poor man from reaching for that forbidden fruit. Orals moral, baby. Before I could recover from surprise enough to respond, he pushed the door open and held it for me. Twenty minutes, man, Micah said, still holding my gaze with a twinkling, good-humored one of his own while Noah stood from a seat in the employee break room. Then Beckers back on shift.
Thanks. I owe you, Noah said.
More than you know Micah backed out of the room with a cryptic smile. 
Noah locked the door behind him, then turned and pulled me close, his hands at my hips. What was that about?
I shrugged. Hes your friend. Whos Becker?
Manager. Hes on his dinner break, and we have the room to ourselves until he gets back.
The break room? I glanced around at a single round table for six, a kitchenette, and an old weight bench with duct tape covering rips in the vinyl. But wont people know?
Who cares what they know? Or think they know? I must have looked unsure, because he grinned and pulled me farther into the room. If youre feeling shy, youll have to bite your lip. Were fresh out of couch pillows.
Im not shy. At least, Id never considered myself shy before, but what Id discovered after a week of sobriety was that boldness really could be administered in one and a half ounce doses, like cough syrup. Special, twenty-one-and-over syrup. Not that Id turned twenty-one yet. But my concern at the moment had less to do with my already smudged reputation than with his. I didnt want to be responsible for the perception that hed broken his oath, especially if Micah was right, and it was that important to him.
I could not be the girl who dethroned the Abstinence King. 
We could just have dinner. I held up the burger bag, and Noah took it from me and set it on the table next to his water bottle. We dont always have to
He cut off my largely insincere protest with a kiss. Theres no have to, Allie. Only want to. Unless you dont want?
No, I always want you. Every second of the day, in every sense of the word want. But I dont want you to think thats all Im here for. I dont want to use you.
Noah stared down into my eyes for so long I started to worry that Id said the wrong thing. Or lapsed into Pig Latin. Then he slid one hand over my jaw to cup my face, and pulled me closer for another kiss. Youre not using me, he said, as his fingers slid into my hair. Youre making me very, very happy.
I could be making you happier. I let my hands slide down his chest, toward the waistband of his gym shorts. Youre long overdue
Theres no scoreboard. 
Okay, but if there were, youd be winning at sex, and
Allie, were both losing at sex, in case you hadnt noticed.
I have noticed thatnot that I think about it all day long or anythingso Im thinking maybe you should take one for the team. Kick a field goal. Or hit a foul ball. Wait, what kind of sports metaphor is this, anyway?
Noah chuckled. Allie, Ive loved every moment weve spent together. Even the ones spent fully clothed. You make me laugh. You make me think. And Ive never in my life seen anything sexieranything more fucking beautifulthan your face, when your heads thrown back and your eyes are closed, and your hands are clenched around my sheets, or my couch cushions, or the edge of my kitchen counter, or the top of my shower door. I have never in my life wanted anything like I want to touch you rightnow. 
He leaned in for another kiss, and in that moment I would have given him anything he asked for. So much for being the strong one.
Mmmm Your tongue is more talented than I ever gave it credit for, I said as his mouth trailed over my chin and down my neck.
That was the truth.
In unfiltered, undiluted, panty-dropper concentration. I mean, Id listen to you read a grocery list, if you read it naked and made it rhyme, but that was way better than a pound of butter, a gallon of milk, and a loaf of bread.
Youre making me hungry. Come here. He took my hand and tugged me toward the back of the break room, and I followed like a puppy on a leash.
Why do you smell so good, if you work at a gym? 
When were good, they let us use the showers.
And when youre bad?
When were bad, we get very, very dirty Noah sat on the weight bench and swung one leg over to straddle the end, then pulled me into the space between his legs. His hands slid beneath my tee, dragging the material up slowly, his fingers scalding against skin suddenly cold from the air conditioning. 
What if someone comes in? I whispered when his hands skimmed over my arms, drawing them up as he pulled the material over my head.
Dinners our slowest time of day, Colemans standing watch, and the doors locked.
But someone could slip by him. The lock could fail. 
Yeah. We could get caught. My shirt fell on the floor and Noah bent until his mouth found the sensitive spot on the underside of my left breast, and my nipple drew into a hard point in anticipation. How does that make you feel?
At first, the idea made me uncomfortable. Id been caught by the entire internet, put on display doing things I couldnt remember, filmed without permission by people whod conveniently left out their own faces and names, abandoning me on an island of scorn.
But there was no camera here. Noah wasnt ashamed of me or of his involvement with me. And if we were caught, he had the most to lose. He was taking the risk. 
I would not be hung out to dry on my own.
Beyond that, the risk wasnt real. It was a game. A what-if intended to heighten sensation. And when he started to talk to me, whispering words against my skin as his mouth explored, the possibility of discovery became fantasy, and the fantasy becameintriguing.
Itd be a guy. Noahs hands slid around my ribcage to my back, and a second later my bra fell loose. He probably saw you come in, and anyone who saw you would want to see more.
You tell pretty, pretty lies I ran my fingers slowly over his shoulders and pushed back my discomfort with his claim. My disbelief. He meant well, but we both knew that a mans dick was a human compass, and for a straight man, true north was any warm, tight space, with enough curves to hold onto.
There were hundreds of those on the ASU Rio Verde campus alone. Noah was the only man whod ever wanted me specifically. Visibly and mentionably. Without fun-Allie. 
No lies, Allie. He slid my bra over my arms and dropped it. No man could see you and not want you, he murmured against the lower curve of my breast, and I wanted to argue, but Id suddenly lost verbal faculty. Noah worked his way over me, whispering about what hed like to see us do if he were the man outside the door, aching to touch me, but allowed to experience me only through my lovers hands and mouth. 
He was so open about what he wanted to do and how it would look from that crack in the door that I could almost believe there was someone watching, and suddenly I wanted to give the poor, lonely pervert a good show. But within minutes, Id forgotten about our imaginary audience. All I could feelall I could think aboutwas Noah.
He lingered in all the places wed discovered that I loved, drawing inarticulate sounds of pleasure from me. Leaving me weak with need and lost in a storm of sensations too primal to surrender to description. 
But Noah spoke the language of my desire. Hed learned every moan and gasp, and he knew how to coax each sound out of me at will. 
When my hands tightened in his hair and my body began straining for him, the fronts of my thighs pressed firmly against the edge of the bench, he finally slid his hands beneath my skirt. Slowly. 
His fingers stopped at the curve of my backside. Youre not wearing his voice cracked and fell apart beneath the weight of his lust as his hands clenched around my bare skin. 
I thought that might save time. It was a practical decision, really.
You drove here with no underwear on? The words were a gruff growl, so low and rough they must have scraped his throat raw.
Uh huh. I put my hands over his and adjusted his grip, and he groaned.
His fingers slid higher and his eyes fell closed. And you walked through the gym with nothing under your skirt?
I grinned and my fingers slid into his hair. Nothing but hot, wet hope. You think Coleman could tell?
Noah groaned and lifted me by my hips, raising my skirt with the motion, then set me on his lap. He wrapped my legs around his waist and my feet settled onto the vinyl at his back. He began to rock into me without letting go of my hips. Rubbing me gently against the bulge in his thin, silky gym shorts.
I looked down into his eyes, gripping his shoulders. Rocking with him. Letting sensation build as the slick friction increased with every movement. Then Noahs grip on my hips tightened and he slid backward on the bench, pulling me with him. He lowered himself slowly onto his back, his head on the ripped head rest, and my heart thumped when he lifted me onto my knees, then began to tug me forward. 
When his chin disappeared beneath the hem of my short skirt, he turned his head and guided first my left knee then my right onto the wide support bar beneath the headrest, which could be adjusted to any height, to accommodate a range of exercises on the machine. The bar placement was so convenient I almost found it hard to believe the bench hadnt been designed precisely for what he obviously had in mind. 
Hold on here. Noah lifted my hands onto the U-shaped metal pieces at the top of two poles meant to hold the barbell when it wasnt in use. Before I could find a good grip, he took my thighs, just above my knees, and carefully pushed my legs farther apart. 
I gasped and clutched at the metal until it bit into my skin, then shuddered when I felt his breath on my most private places. His hands slid up my thighs, drawing both chills and heat along the line of my legs to where they met in a throbbing, aching configuration of very sensitive parts. 
Noah stroked, and licked, and teased until my grip on the barbell tray was the only thing holding me up. His tongue plunged into me, then slid over me in a slick dance of anticipation and erotic suspense. When I closed my eyes, my breath coming in ragged, gasping inhalations, two of his fingers slid inside me, and I cried out as I fell over the edge of pleasure into a tight, hot euphoria where nothing existed but him beneath me, and inside me, and within me in a way that reached beyond flesh and into a connection I couldnt define, but could not deny, either.
I wanted Noah. I needed him, and it wasnt just about not-quite-sex, or about how good he was at it. He was good at it because he gave a damn. Because he wanted to make me happy.
I wanted the same for him.

Chapter Seven

Noah

Allie swung one leg over me and stood, and for a second, I could only breathe slowly, trying to control the engorged throbbing in my gym shorts. Her skirt fell into place over slim, bare thighs, hiding parts of her thatin spite of my voyeuristic fantasyI suddenly realized I didnt want any other man to see. Ever.
Allison was mine. 
Maybe that realization should have felt strange or sudden, but it didnt. It felt right. True. And with a startling bolt of insight, I understood why. My body had known Allie was a perfect fit for me since the moment Id first touched her. Maybe from the first time Id seen her, staring up at me from that parking space, inches from my front bumper, all gorgeous blue eyes and soft curves, and serious eye contact that said the attraction was mutual.
My heart had come to the same conclusion around the time Id realized her laughter was my favorite sound in the world. Okay, my second favorite, after that private, desperate moan, an auditory marionette string, tied directly to my poor, neglected cock
My brain might just then have been coming to what suddenly seemed an obvious conclusion about my connection to Allie, but my body and heart had already cleared all obstacles from the path.
Well, all but the obstacle Piper had imposed on me years ago.
 My unspoken claim on her wasnt fair for Allie, since I couldnt truly have her, but fair or not, I didnt want anyone else to have her either. 
If she walked by an air-conditioning vent on her way out of the gym, someone would glimpse an x-rated Monroe moment. Then Id have to hurt that someone, which would lead to me losing my job, then my apartment, and though there were much more serious concerns regarding my theoretical eviction, all I could think of as I slid down that slippery slope was that with no place to live, Id have no place to lay Allie down and take off her clothes, and touch her, and taste her, and tease her, and make her cry out my name
I sat up, trying to hide the heaviest, most demanding erection Id ever had in my life. Short skirt and no underwear. Fuuuuuck.
She may not have known much about how to please herself until recently, but she sure as hell knew how to drive a man to the very brink of control. If Satan had shown up in that moment with a quill and a contract outlining my eternal damnation, I would have pulled my own soul from my chest and hurled it at him for the right to lift her back onto my lap and slide inside her, and curl my fists around handfuls of that criminally hot skirt while I fucked her like any decent man would have been fucking her for the past week. 
Like she deserved to be fucked.
I had to grip the edge of the ancient weight bench to keep from reaching for her. Please dont bend over on the way out.
Im not on my way out, she said as I shifted on the bench, trying to surreptitiously hide a desire that time, self-denial, and those stupid fucking gym shorts had conspired to make painfully, humiliatingly obvious. Your turn.
She dropped onto her knees in front of me, one still-hard nipple brushing my knee, and I groaned as her hands slid up my thighs. Beneath my shorts.
Allie I stood and backed away as my willpower splintered, but she only frowned up at me with those huge blue eyes, breasts heavy and bare, that scrap of a skirttantalizing for what it hidriding low on her hips, reminding me that nothing stood between my dick and its fucking home but a scrap of cloth and the very last, crumbling fragments of my own restraint.
What? She stood and pressed herself against me, breasts flattening against my chest, her hands sliding over my obliques toward the elastic waist of my shorts. Youre not going to tell me no again, are you?
Please dont make me. I only have ten minutes left. I pointed at the grease-stained bag sitting on the folding chair, almost as desperate to keep her from touching me as I was to let her touch me. Because once that happened, I wouldnt be able to say no to anything else. Maybe ever again. And there are burgers 
She rolled her eyes, her fingers skimming over my abs. Seriously? There has never in the history of planet Earth been a lamer excuse to refuse a blowjob. Ive seen you eat a burger in ninety seconds flat. That gives us eight and a half minutes to play.
Oh, now you can do math
Not sure, professor. Maybe you should give me an oral quiz. Her hand slid down my stomach to cradle my erection, and it took every ounce of willpower I possessed to pull her hand away.
Allie, I gave my word.
I gave mine too. She leaned in toward my neck, and I closed my eyes as her breath slid across my skin. This isnt breaking your oath unless what you just did for me was breaking your oath, and if thats the case, the deed is done. What do you have to lose?
Control. I was perilously close to losing control, and blowjobs were a gateway sex-act. 
She bent, and her tongue flicked over my nipple, drawing a ragged moan from me. Allie. Stop. I pulled her up by both arms, and she tensed.
You dont want me to touch you? She backed away, glossy pink lips drawn into a line, her gaze wounded. Is that why you never let me?
Damn it. Way to go, asshole.
Of course I want you to touch me. I pulled her closer and guided her hand back to my crotch, to show her, then had to speak through clenched jaws to keep from groaning as her fingers squeezed lightly, exploring. Thats the problem.
Thats not a problem, Noah. The satisfaction in her voice made me throb in her hand and my eyes fell closed. This was a big problem. Youve given me so much, and I just want to give back. I want to show you what you mean to me. Her mouth found my chest again, kissing and licking on a steady southern route.
Wait I moaned, and her tongue flicked again. Allie, you dont owe me anything. Still-hard nipples brushed over my stomach as she lowered herself, and a growl rumbled up from my throat as I watched the top of her head descend. Youre not wracking up debt. I like to touch you, and I dont expect
I know. Now shut up and let me play, she said as her hands slid beneath my shorts and freed my erection. She gave a soft, surprised gasp, then sat back on her heels and looked up at me with those huge eyes, her pink lips inches from my cock, which seemed to be straining for her all on its own. Well, thatsintimidating.
Seriously. You dont need to
I want to. She reached for me, and my cock jumped in anticipation, as if it were trying to leap into her grip. And what I meant was impressive. Thats impressive. Certainly not way more than I expected. Her fingers slid over me slowly, lightly, and I groaned, stunned by her touch after a week of aching for it, yet immediately desperate for more. 
For harder. Faster. Hotter. Wetter.
I wanted all of her. That was the problem.
That tormentingly soft contact glided upward, and my eyes fell shut when her hand closed over the end, squeezing softly.
Allie. Her name caught in my throat. I cant
Oh, I think you can. Her hand slid down again, moving a little faster: a delicate, intimate torture. My hips thrust forward just a little, begging for more. I couldnt help it. She felt amazing.
Maybe just a little bit of that, I moaned, the concession torn from me on a ragged gasp of need. 
A hand job. The perfect compromise. Surely I could be in her hand without losing control. But I couldnt be in her. My restraint was too fragile.
But then her grip stilled and her hair brushed my thighs. I looked down and saw her pretty pink lips open and wet, and headed for my cock.
No. Just your hand. My brevity would no doubt be humiliating even without the wet heat of her mouth. It had been too long, and I wanted her way too badly.
Noah. She placed one hand against my stomach and pushed firmly. I stumbled half a step until my back hit the wall, and the cold concrete grounded me. You told me not to be afraid to take what I want. This is what I want. So shut up and let me suck your dick.
It jumped in her hand again at her wordsat the firmness of them, as she stared up at me from her knees, her nipples still hard, her skirt spread across thighs open in a squat. And finally I nodded. Okay. I couldnt even remember what that other option wasthat word that would send her away and leave me aching for her, visibly, for the entire fucking rest of the day. Please.
Manners. I like it. Allie grinned up at me, and I throbbed beneath her fingers, responding as much to her satisfaction as to the promise of my own. Its like magic how a blowjob can turn a jarhead into a gentleman.
There is nothing gentle or polite about how badly I want you. No sense denying it now. 
But she blinked up at me, and her brows dipped in suddenuncertainty. SoIve never actually done this, that I can remember, but once, on a dare, I had to suck all the color from a cherry popsicle
Youve never? I groaned and my head fell back against the wall. She was killing me. Okay, stand up. This cant be how your first
She licked a long, slow path up the bottom of my cock, and the rest of my protest died beneath a moan. Allie laughed. I was kidding about the popsicle. Her tongue dipped into the seam on the underside of my head and licked all the way to the tip, while her hand stroked up. It was grape, not cherry.
Her mouth closed over the end of me and she sucked gently, her tongue playing in circles over the head while her hand worked in long, full strokes over the length.
Liar. Youve done this before, I said, but the words were damn near incoherent.
Never seen live action, soldier. Her hand continued to stroke while she looked up at me. Just logged a lot of time on the simulator. Let me know if I get something wrong.
Not possible, I groaned as her mouth closed over me again and her hair fell forward to brush my thighs. Ill let you know when Im close. In about four seconds
In response, Allie only took me deeper. She sucked, and licked, and stroked, and teased, rubbing the top of my head against the roof of her mouth and the underside with her tongue until words like restraint and willpower sounded like gibberish crashing around in the empty cavern of my mind. I could only see Allie. I could only feel her mouth, and her heat, and every second was a battle between the insatiable need building rapidly inside me and the desire to make it last. To make her last.
Because this couldnt happen again. Having this much of her made me want the rest of her, but as much as I cared about Allieas badly as I wanted to be with her, for realmy circumstances had not changed. I couldnt have her. 
I could only have this.
Dont thrust. My hands clenched into fists at my sides, aching for something to hold onto, other than her head. Dont embarrass yourself and hurt her. 
Her other hand crept up my thigh and my balls tightened unbearably as her fingers cradled them, pushing me closer. So close I had to focus to slow things down.
But Allie had other plans. She took me deeper, faster, and when I felt the back of her throat, her hand still stroking my balls, I moaned and gripped her shoulder. Allie. Stop. I cant wait.
Her hand slid around my hip to cradle my ass and pulled me forward, deeper, shoving me over the edge in a single white-hot instant.
I groaned and shot deep into her, my hand clenching around her shoulder and she pulled back enough to suck once, twice, three more times, until Id spilled everything I had.
Allie sat back on her heels and looked up at me, and Id never in my life seen anything more gorgeous. I think youve been good enough to earn another shower. 
I laughed and pulled her up, surprised all over again by how well she fit against me. So if youve never done that, where the hell did you learn to?
She flushed, which I found both adorable and perplexing, considering what shed just done for me. Last year, a friend from school got married. Her bachelorette party started with a private workshop from this blow job expert. Not even kidding. There were toys, and edible lube, and some pretty damn funny demonstrations. Violet and I learned some stuff. Still, the real thingsmuch realer. So She pulled away and looked up into my eyes. Was it okay?
I leaned in for a kiss, then whispered into her ear. Who is this married friend? I think I owe her a late wedding gift.

***

I stood in front of the big front window, watching Allie walk to her car, hypnotized by the swish of her skirt over the backs of her thighs. I wanted to call her back for another round. Or three.
Coleman leaned against the front desk, smirking at me. So, how was your coffee break? 
Good to the last drop.
For both of you, I hope?
I turned to look at him slowly as Allie backed her car out of its space. You told her to do that?
Coleman laughed. She was already raring to go down that pathpun intended. I just told her you might be a little more receptive than you let on. Youre welcome.
I groaned, as weight machines clanked behind us. Now shes going to want to do it again.
And thats a problem because if youre ever truly satisfied by a woman, youll forfeit your immortal soul?
Smartass, I grumbled. The problem with Allie is that I cant say no to her. Her parents treated her like shit, and every guy whos ever touched her was a world-class asshole. Shes half-convinced she doesnt deserve anything better, and Im pretty sure thats why she tried to drink away every memory shes made in college. I dont want to make any of that worse by pushing her away, but you know what Piper will do if she thinks Im sleeping with Allie.
Your ex is a crazy bitch, man.
Yes, she is. And thats fine, as long as shes also a good mom to our daughter, I insisted, but Coleman looked skeptical. 
Speaking of which, when are you going to tell your new girl about your baby girl?
I dont know. I turned toward the desk to grab a file when I spotted my next client pulling into a spot in front of the gym. Soon, I guess. I wanted to see Allie with Caroline. I could picture them getting along really well, but Id never introduced my daughter to a girlfriend beforehell, I hadnt really had one, since she was bornand I wasnt sure how Piper would react, even if we werent sleeping with each other. Which was only barely true. 
Especially after
Allie. On her knees. In the break room.
A savagely pleasant aftershock surged through me with the memory, and I had to concentrate to keep from becoming demonstrably excited in my work shorts.
The only problem youre going to have with that girl Coleman said, reaching over the edge of the desk for a chart of his own. is that shell believe anything you tell her. So choose your words wisely, man. Tell her what she needs to know, and make sure its the truth. She sounds like a hell of a woman.
You have no idea.

***

Noah, theres a girl here for you, Stephanie called from out front, as I wiped down the last of the leg press machines. Make it quick, though. Im locking the doors in ten.
I looked up, already semi-hard at the thought that Allie had surprised me with a ride homeand that she might still be naked beneath her skirt. But instead, I found Piper weaving her way toward me through a maze of exercise machines.
I studied her reflection in the wall of mirrors while I worked, trying to gauge her mood without looking like I was looking. Id seen her the day before, at the Worth The Wait meeting, and I could have sworn I saw her glance at Allie several times, but I couldnt tell whether she was curious about the new member, or suspicious. 
Allie and I had barely acknowledged each other, but if Piperd noticed eye contact Well, shes certainly flipped out over less before.
Hey, Piper said, and I stood, finally finished with the leg press.
Hey. Whats wrong?
She propped both hands on her hips and smiled up at me. Why do you always assume somethings wrong when you see me?
Because cell phones have eliminated the need for exes to see each other, except during actual custody transfers. And Caroline was nowhere to be seen.
Because you rarely deliver good news in person. Wheres my girl?
Shes at my sisters. Im on my way to pick her up.
You could have brought her. Holding my baby girl would have made a visit from her mother infinitely more bearable.
Wasnt on the way. But thats why Im here. I know youre supposed to have her this weekend, but they want me to pick up a few extra shifts at work next weekend, for the holiday. The Fourth of Julys on a Friday this year and her daycares closed so I thought, if you dont mind switching weekends, youd get an extra day with her and youd really be saving me some babysitting cash.
No, Id be saving myself some babysitting cash. I paid for childcare. 
Ill take her both weekends. But I knew Id miss-stepped the second she scowled. Time for a new approach. Come on, Piper, take some time for yourself. You deserve it. Go see a movie. Go on a date. Let me take Caroline, and everyone wins.
Thats three weekends in a row. You get two weekends a month, Noah. Her eyes had gone cold and I recognized a meltdown-warning in the tilt of her head. Thats the deal you agreed to, and you cant go back on your word now.
Im not going back on my word. Im offering you some time to yourself.
I dont need time to myself. I need to be with my daughter, and she needs to spend as much time as possible with her mother, in a safe, stable environment.
Irritation shot along my spine and tightened my jaw. Whats that supposed to mean?
Im just saying that this might not be a good time for her to start spending more time with you, Noah. Heather says youve been out with that new girl from the group nearly every night this week.
Annnnd there was the real reason for the visit. She could have asked me to switch weekends over the phone, but shed wanted to see my face while she grilled me about Allie.
 Heather was Pipers best friend, and a member of the abstinence group, but even if shed seen me out with Allie a couple of times in the past week, she couldnt possibly know how serious wed gotten. Wed stayed in most nights. Which either meant Heather was guessing or Piper was bluffing. But they were right either way.
Who is she? Piper demanded, her voice calm like the surface of a lake, hiding churning currents of rage beneath.
Her names Allison. Im not sleeping with her, Piper. She signed the pledge.
When Piper only scowled at me, not the least bit appeased, I exhaled slowly and prepared to surrender. Okay, maybe youre right about switching weekends. Ill take Caroline over the Fourth. That would give me an extra week to tell Allie about Piper and my baby girl, and it would give Piper an extra week to calm down and see reason. 
I was playing by the rules, cruel and irrational as they were. She had no reason to deny me visitation.
Good. She gave me a sharp, satisfied head nod. Im glad youre seeing reason, she added, and I had to clench my jaws shut to keep from explaining exactly how unreasonable her demands were. In my outside voice. Ill bring Caroline over next Friday morning, at eight. With that, she wove her way through the maze of machines toward the front exit, and I could tell by the sway of her hips that she was happy with herself. 
And that once again, her happiness had come at the expense of my time spent with our daughter.

Chapter Eight

Allie

Allie, right?
I looked up to find a girl in sporty green yoga pants smiling down at me, long brown ponytail trailing over one shoulder. She wore a Worth The Wait button pinned to one shoulder of her shirt, and her smile was squeaky clean and super sweet. 
Shed probably been raised on bubble gum and rainbows.
Yeah. Allie Daniels.
Im Heather. May I sit? She glanced at the empty chair, and I suddenly felt bad for suspecting her origins as an overgrown Oopma Loompa. No one had ever asked to sit next to me at a group meeting. Maybe I was finally believable as a second-chance virgin!
I wasnt sure whether to celebrate or mourn that fact.
Please. Sit, I said, and Heather settled onto the chair on my right. 
Youre new, right, she said?
Kinda. Its my third meeting.
And hows it going so far? Are you untouched, or second-chance?
I bristled, surprised by the frank question. Was she serious? Were they allowed to ask that?
When I looked up, I found Noah watching us from the entrance, where he was supposed to be greeting people and handing out cards and souvenir pens to new members. He looked irritatedalmost worriedand I realized he didnt want me to talk to Heather. Maybe he knew something about her that I didnt. 
Maybe her bubble gum demeanor was sugar free.
Im not a virgin, if thats what you mean, I said, turning back to Heather. Im here to learn to resist temptation and to treat my body with respect. By not poisoning it on a nightly basis. 
Sure, shed assume I was talking about sex, but what Id learned from two weeks spent almost entirely with Noah was that sexor almost-sex, in our caseonly became a disrespectful act when one or more partners treated it as such. The disregard Id shown my body before had nothing to do with sex. That disrespect came from the fact that Id willingly given up control over and memories of what happened to me. From the fact that at some point, Id just stopped giving a damn.
But something told me Heather wouldnt understand that, even if I fed it to her with a spoonful of sugar.
Right. Thats definitely the core message of the group. She nodded at me with wide brown eyes, and I wondered if she was about to hand me a glass of KoolAid and ask me to drink. And, of course, the best way to do that is to avoid anything that tempts you. Her gaze flitted toward Noah, then settled on me again with the weight of censure. Dont cha think?
Understanding settled over me like a cold, wet blanket. She knew Noah and I were together, and she didnt approve.
Irritation sizzled beneath the surface of my skin. Screw her! We didnt need her approval. Even if our relationship was any of her fucking businessand it wasntwe werent breaking any rules. 
Technically.
I took a deep breath and gave her my sweetest saccharine smile. Actually, that sounds more like avoiding temptation than resisting it. Willpower is like a mental muscle, right? You dont built muscles by avoiding exercise. You build muscles by using them.
Her eyes widened, and the sugar glaze coating them cracked just a little. Using them?
Yeah. If youve never encountered temptation, how can you honestly say youre resisting it? How can you be sure you even really have willpower, if all you ever do is sit with your legs crossed and your hands folded over your knees? I leaned closer to her and let my voice drop into an intimate whisper, inches from her ear. I mean, its easy to resist ice cream if you dont know how good it tastes. But its another matter entirely once youve given it a goodhardlick. 
Heather stiffened next to me, and when I pulled back to smile at her, I found her staring at me with wide, astonished eyes. Youre using your willpower muscle on Noah?
I nodded, and my smile widened. And hes using his on me. His is huge, in case you were wondering. And hes had a lot of practice using it.
As Noah took his place behind the podium, Heather turned stiffly toward the front of the room and shifted in her chair, looking a little like a deer caught in the proverbial headlights and a lot like a guy trying to hide an erection.
Noah arched one brow at me in question, but I only smiled and slid one arm around Heathers shoulders, to let him know he had no reason to worry.
Id just made a new friend.

***

Noahs cart flew off the track and into the mud just as minedriven by Princess Peachcrossed the finish line in second place. He growled in frustration and dropped his video game controller onto the empty couch cushion on his right, while I laughed. 
Why are you such a sore loser? I said, reaching for the last mini-cannolithe coveted spoils of our video-game warfrom the paper plate sitting on the coffee table. 
Lack of practice, I guess. He grabbed my arm, and before I could even squeal in protest, hed bitten off half the cannoli. 
Hey! I earned that! I shoved the rest into my mouth before he could regroup for a flank attack. 
Noah laughed and spoke around a mouthful of chocolate and cream. Ill buy you all the mini-cannolis you want. Well, all that can be bought on a personal-trainers salary.
You know, its just now occurred to me what an erotic food the cannoli is. A stiff phallic-shaped tube filled with a sweet creamy filling. Its like a penis dessert.
And now I wish I hadnt taken such a big bite, Noah said, and I laughed. 
Maybe Ill take a tray of them to the next Worth The Wait meeting. That girl Heather really needs a little taste.
The humor faded from Noahs expression like a drop of water evaporating on a hot sidewalk. What were you two talking about this afternoon?
You. Kind of. She seems to have figured out aboutthis. I laid one hand on his chest, to indicate the two of us. Our connection. She seemed to be trying to tell me that youre exactly the type of temptation I should avoid, if I intended to stand by my oath.
And what did you say? His voice held tension like a coiled wire about to spring free, and I wondered what Id said or done to wind it up.
I shrugged. I helped her see that standing outside the bakery window is avoiding temptation, not withstanding it. I basically told her she couldnt possibly know how strong her willpower truly is until shes licked cream from the end of a cannoli, then resisted the urge to take a bite. 
Noah groaned and his eyes fell closed.
What? Why was that wrong? 
Heathers my exs best friend. Noah opened his eyes, and when his gaze found mine, it was full of equal parts dread and amusement. She was feeling you out to see how serious we are. Whether or not weve broken our oaths.
For your ex? Why would she even care, unless shes still into you? I sat straighter as panic built deep inside me, buzzing like wasps deep in my gut. Shes still into you, isnt she?
No, its not like that. He exhaled and suddenly looked exhausted. Things are just complicated with Piper. But not like that.
But that was bullshit, whether he knew it or not. You dumped her, didnt you?
Not in so many words. Noah brushed a sprinkling of spilled powdered sugar from the coffee table onto the empty paper plate, and I got the feeling he was avoiding eye contact. But yes, our breakup was my idea.
And shes the reason you signed the pledge?
Kind of. Its complicated. He exhaled again and took my hand. Look, I really dont want to talk about Piper right now. Or ever, if that were an option.
Of course its an option.
He nodded, but looked unconvinced. Thatll be the rule, then. No ex talk, until it becomes necessary. Agreed?
I was, until you called it a rule. I smiled and ducked to catch his gaze, trying to lighten the mood. 
But now you want to break the rule, just because its there?
I nodded, still smiling. Yup. Just like in MarioKart. If you tell me to stay on the paved track, I suddenly develop the urge to go off-road, even if that means losing the race.
Noahs head tilted and he watched me curiously. So you have a problem with rules? 
Not with rules themselves. Just with the expectation that I should follow them. This should not come as news.
Youd be a horrible marine.
Id be horrible at a lot of things, I said, then noticed that his smile had started to smolder and his focus had drifted south of my face. What? Why was he looking at me like he was starving, and I was a buffet, when we both knew hed never take a real bite. 
Never. No matter how hungry either of us got. Damn it.
Lets play a game.
I held up my game controller. Im suddenly confused about what weve been doing for the past hour.
Lets play a different kind of game. He took the controller and set it on the coffee table, then pulled me to my feet and slid his hands beneath my shirt. The second his skin touched mine, warmth pooled low in me and very sensitive places began to ache for him. 
With a sudden bolt of erotic surprise, I realized Noah had me trained. I was Pavlovs slut.
This looks promising, I said as his hands moved up my sides, dragging the shirt with them. What kind of game is this?
The kind where you learn the merit of following orders.
Orders?
In the Corps, theyre orders. But you can think of them as rules, if it helps.
It wont. I hate rules.
Noah dropped my shirt on the floor, then leaned down for a kiss while he unhooked my bra. I know. But in this game, playing by the rules can be very rewarding
What are these rules?
Rule number one is no clothes. He dropped onto his knees and a second later, my shorts slid to the floor. I like this. Noah hooked a finger beneath the side of my new panties and looked up at me, his gaze hot enough to turn my girl parts to goo. Almost literally. Not enough to leave them on, but youre on the right track here. He pushed the material down, then pulled me closer. I groaned when his mouth landed just below my navelseveral inches north of the objective, Marine!but heat dripped from that kiss like honey, sweet, and sticky, and slow. 
You played this game in the marines? I said, as his hands slid over my backside, squeezing lightly. Because they should totally put this part on the recruitment posters. Enlistment would skyrocket.
He looked up at me, his expression trapped somewhere between amusement and exasperation. Hell no. Orders arent a game in the Corps. His tongue dipped into my navel, then kissed a trail toward my hip. This is a variation personalized just for you.
I like this variation so far. My hands slid into his short hair, then down over his shoulders, where I tugged on his tee. My turn, I said, and he stood to let me pull his shirt off. I ran my hands along the planes of his chest, enjoying each hard crest and angle. He was perfect. 
My fingers trailed over every ridge of his stomach, then slid beneath the waist of his jeans.
No. Noahs hands closed over mine, but the word was more plea than order. He wanted me to touch him. I could hear that in his voice. I could see it in every tense muscle. In the way his eyes closed, as if he were praying for strength.
Rule number one. I grinned up at him. No clothes.
He pulled my hands up and tucked them behind my back in one of his own. Rule number two. No backtalk. Noah lifted me without so much as a grunt and threw me over his shoulder. Before Id reclaimed enough breath for a protest, hed carried me into the next room, where he dropped me on my back on the bed. I landed on familiar, rumpled gray-striped sheets, and the memory of every moment wed spent in them came rushing over me. 
This has become my favorite place in the world. Right here.
Youre my favorite place. Noah crawled onto the bed with me as I backed toward the headboard. Wherever you are. Thats where I want to be.
I blinked, stunned by how readily the words fell from his mouth, and how easily they penetrated every barrier Id ever raised. Id never in my life felt so naked, and for the first time in my life, that had nothing to do with my lack of clothes.
I wanted him so badly. And not just for the day, or the week, or until I was sure I wouldnt slip up and have a drink. I wanted Noah on a fundamental level, like the way I wanted to breathe. Not having him might not mean dying, but it wouldnt be truly living either.
So how do I win this game? I said, as his hands roamed my entire body, dipping into hollows and sliding over curves until my entire existence was a blazing need for more of him. For all of him.
The game isnt to be won, Allie. Noah lifted me into position exactly where he wanted me on the bed, and I watched muscles shift in his arms and shoulders with the movement. The game is to be played.
How is it played? Is this a touching game? 
Please let this be a touching game.
Its not always about what you touch. Sometimes theres more to be felt in what you dont touch. Noahs face appeared over mine, and his smile was nearly combustible. Rule number three. You dont touch. Noah slid his hands up my arms, guiding them across the cool sheets, then beneath my pillow, where he folded one over the other and left them there.
But 
Youre awfully close to breaking rule number two He sat up and looked at me, laid across the bed in front of him, naked and vulnerable, nominally at his mercy. Definitely at his disposal. And thrilled to be there.
You have the most beautiful breasts, he whispered, bending toward me. I held my breath, waiting for his mouth to close over the sensitive tips, eager for the heat of his tongue. The light scratch of his teeth. My nipples hardened in anticipation, but his lips stopped achingly short of contact, so close I could feel his breath on the tortured peaks.
Noah crawled up my body without truly touching mehis nose skimming my collarbone, his breath ghosting over my throatuntil I could see his eyes and his evil, evil smile. Tell me what you want.
It didnt even occur to me to resist the order. To refuse to answer. Touch me. With him as the reward, I would be a very good girl.
Where?
Everywhere.
Im thinking of a variation of everywhere. Noahs hands splayed over my stomach and inched upward slowly, sliding over my ribs, making torturous progress until I could practically feel his fingers brush the lower curves, and my breasts felt heavy and swollen with anticipation.
Instead, his hands diverted to either side, pressing against the outer curves, deepening my cleavage without satisfying my ache to be touch. To be tasted.
Noah, I moaned, and his fingers slid closer to the peaks, squeezing, sending tiny little currents of electricity in advance of the touch I needed. But that craved contact didnt come. Instead, he traced light circles. The flesh there tightened, drawing into hard points of unrealized pleasure in anticipation of caresses that eluded me.
Noah, I whispered again, but in answer, his touch withdrew entirely, leaving my breasts aching and heavy, my hard nipples pointed straight up, straining for contact.
He shifted on the bed, then his hands slid between my knees, and I almost cried out when he pushed them apart. His fingers inched slowly up my thighs as his mouth closed over the lower curve of my breast, sucking gently, drawing my nipples into painfully hard points.
Frustrated, aching in very private places, I pulled my hands from beneath the pillow, and Noahs fingers abandoned my thighs. His mouth left my breast, and I groaned when he sat up and frowned down at me.
You break the rules, and I stop.
You cruel bastard, I moaned, and he shrugged, grinning that wicked grin. 
You play nice; I play nicer. Ready to follow the rules?
I slid my hands beneath the pillow again and was rewarded when his mouth closed over my left nipple, sucking harder than Id expected, drawing a hoarse cry of pleasure from me.
He bit down gently, then abandoned my breast to the cold air and the echo of his teeth against me. His hands went back to work on my thighs, higher this time, skimming skin so lightly I shivered beneath him. Then his fingers slid into metwo of themand I gasped, arching off the bed.
He groaned, laying his stubbly cheek against my thigh, and I enjoyed the frustration in the sound. He deserved it, for what he was doing to me, but he wasnt done. His fingers withdrew slowly, then slid up. But instead of stroking, he pinched lightly, then rubbed to either side, creating only a suggestion of the delicious friction I craved. Awakening a full blown carnal hunger like nothing Id ever felt, even after everything hed shown me. Everything hed taught me.
Rule number four, Noah said, and I groaned as the friction built, tightening my muscles. He propped himself on one elbow without pausing in his rhythm until I opened my eyes and found him staring directly into them. Let me watch.
Watch?
Yes. His fingers moved faster, tearing a ragged inhalation from me. Dont close your eyes or turn your head this time. Let me see you come.
I felt my face flush, but couldnt tell whether that was because of what he was saying or what he was doing. I... Okay. I would have said yes to anything in that moment, and he damn well knew it.
Noah kissed me, his tongue diving deep into my mouth while his fingers worked magic with indirect friction, until I was gasping against his lips, so close to the edge that the world had become one blissful blur of desire. He pulled back to watch me, and my eyes fell closed as pleasure mounted to an almost painful peak.
Then, suddenly his hand was gone. Oh My body ached and throbbed for him and my eyes flew open.
Noah grinned down at me. Rule breaker.
Please, I begged, my hands clenched beneath the pillow to keep them from betraying me as my eyes had. Please dont stop.
You keep breaking the rules, Allie. Its almost like you dont want me to touch you
Sadistic bastard 
Yes, I do. Bring on the rules. Ill toe the line. Or draw the line. Or fall in line. Ill do whatever you want with the line, I moaned, and he leaned down to whisper into my ear, without touching me at all, even when I arched into him, desperate for just a little more.
I want to see you come, Allie. Dont look away again. I want to see what you feel when I touch you.
I nodded, trembling from the lack of his touch, and suddenly he was there again, two fingers plunging inside me, working me so hard and so fast I could hardly breathe, and didnt give a flying fuck. His thumb rubbed in tight, fast circles, and that frantic erogenous contact was rendered blisteringly intimate by the constant eye contact. By the fact that he could see the effect of every single thing he was doing to me, the very instant I felt it.
Id never been so exposed. So mercilessly vulnerable. Soincredibly closeto
My inarticulate groan spurred him on, and Noah watched as my pleasure crested in a single point of ecstasy, then spilled over in spasm after spasm, echoing up into my stomach and down into my thighs. His gaze held me trapped as mine lost focus beneath wave after wave of blissful heat, and he didnt stop moving until hed wrung every drop of satisfaction from me. Until my muscles ached and clenched around him, and his name fell from my lips on the last echo of the most brutally blissful orgasm hed ever coaxed from me.
For several long moments, I couldnt move. Couldnt think. I could only lie there as he propped himself on one elbow, watching in blatant satisfaction as aftershocks surged through me. Where did you learn that?
The game? He shrugged with the shoulder not supporting his weight. People most want that which they cant have. The delayed gratification theory. I just applied the principle to the most beautiful and responsive game board Ive ever had the privilege to play with.
You are both brilliant and talented. But I meant the technique. The mechanics.
Noah frowned, obviously reluctant. The truth?
Always.
Lots of practice.
Remind me to thank those who came before me.
Noah groaned over my pun, and I laughed again. Seriously, though, dont you know that when former meets current, the earths poles reverse, the force suffers a disturbance, the space-time continuum is disrupted, and the whole world implodes? My world, anyway.
I rolled over to face him, my heart pounding in time with the fading throbbing from below. Am I the current?
Noah leaned down to kiss me, then whispered into my ear. Youre the only, Allie.

Chapter Nine

Noah

You get off work at five? I said, as Allie bent to shove her calculus book into her backpack. She smelled like strawberries and vanilla, and thanks to the shampoo bottle shed brought over, so did my bathroom. Showering without getting hard had become a battle not worth fighting.
Yes, she said, standing to wrap her arms around my neck while the MarioKart demo played in the background. And tonight will either be super slow because its a Friday, or super crazy because its the Fourth of July. You want to go see the fireworks when I get back?
I pulled her close, sliding my hands over her back, then lower, loving how she felt pressed against me. Actually, I have family coming over today.
Oh. Allie tried to hide her disappointment. Thats fine. Ill just see you tomorrow. Or whenever. She shrugged, and tried to pull away, in the direction of the bathroom. Let me grab my toothbrush and
No, I want you to come over. And stay. The truth was that I never wanted her to leave, and I wasnt entirely sure how Id come to that conclusion, after only two weeks. How was it possible that after fourteen days with her, I could hardly remember what my life was like before? I want to introduce you to someone special.
Caroline was a part of mequite possibly the best part of meand I knew shed love Allie. 
But Allie
What if she didnt like kids? What if she didnt like the fact that I had a kid? Or that that kid came with Piper? For life. What if Piper was a deal-breaker?
Who is it? Allie said, smiling, and I knew I should tell her. It wasnt fair to spring Caroline on her whenas far as I knewshe had no idea I had a daughter. Its your sister, isnt it? Did she get out of rehab? You look excited!
But I was also nervous. Youll have to wait and see. Tonight. In the end, I couldnt tell her, because if Caroline and Piper were deal breakers, I didnt want to know that yet. If Allie was going to bail on me, I didnt want that disappointment hanging over my day with Caroline, tainting my time with my daughter.
Theyd meet soon enough, and Id know within minutes of that meeting whether or not Allie and I could have a real future. Whether she could ever see Caroline in her life.
Okay, then, Ill run home and change after work before I come over. Want me to bring dinner?
Ill order pizza. Its kind of a tradition. Pepperoni and American Voice, on the DVR.
Your sister watches American Voice?
I never said it was my sister. Id been careful not to say, for sure. Why, do you like the show?
Ive never seen it.
I didnt watch past seasons, but theres a local couple on this year, so
Its a date. Well, an evening with yourfamily. Is she staying the night?
Yeah, but she sleeps like a baby. In there. I pointed at the door to the second bedroom, which Id let her assume was an office or home gym. Shed never even been in there. She wont be able to hear us once she goes to sleep, but if youre feeling shy again I have plenty of pillows
Allie flushed and I pulled her in for another kiss, desperately hoping it wouldnt be the last. Hoping Caroline wouldnt be too much for her.
Hoping Piper wouldnt make me choose between my daughter and my girlfriend.
Mmmm Allie pulled away and picked up her backpack, then tossed it over one shoulder. Ill see you tonight then.
I opened the door for her and stood in the doorway to watch her walk down the hallshe wore another pair of very short shortsbut froze when Piper stepped onto the landing from the stairwell, a diaper bag on one shoulder, Caroline perched on her opposite hip. 
Damn it. Piper was early.
Allie smiled at them both, and for a second, hope made my heart beat harder and faster than Id thought possible. That wasnt the smile of a woman who hated children. That was the smile of a woman whod just seen my daughter and might just agree that Caroline was the cutest, smartest, most amazing toddler ever to walk this earth.
Then Pipers scowl flitted from the back of Allies head to me. Instead of putting Caroline down to let her walk, she stomped down the hall toward me with the poor kid still on board and wriggling. 
I stepped back to let her in, hoping Allie was already far enough down the stairs that she wouldnt hear anything if Piper started shouting. This was not how I wanted her to find out about the rest of my life.
The moment I closed the door, Piper turned on me.
What the hell was she doing here at eight in the morning? She set Caroline on the floor, and my daughter headed straight for her little pink steering wheel, then plopped down with it in front of the television, oblivious to the fact that the Wii controller wasnt actually in the wheel, and that the TV was playing a demo loop, instead of a live race.
Its still ten minutes to eight.
So, what, if I werent punctual, I wouldnt have seen your dates walk of shame? What was she doing here? Piper demanded again, though she seemed to think she already knew the answer.
MarioKart and bagels. Want some? I picked up the plate still holding the last half of Allies whole wheat-raisin, smeared with cream cheese and strawberry jam, but Piper glanced at it as if it were growing mold.
What are you doing, Noah? She set the diaper bag next to the front door, where Allie always dropped her backpack the minute she walked into the apartment, seconds before I typically dropped her clothes right on top of it. You swore you werent sleeping with her! Piper hissed the last part, as if that might keep Caroline from hearing and understanding. 
Im not sleeping with her.
You really expect me to believe Allie Daniels got up early to come over for breakfast?
She knew Allies last name. And if shed spoken to Heather since yesterdays meeting, shed know more than that. She didnt come over for breakfast, she stayed for breakfast.
Piper ran one hand through her dark hair, but it fell back over her forehead as she propped her hands on her hips. She looked so damn disappointed in me that I almost had to remind myself that she was Carolines mother, not mine. You promised me, Noah!
And Ive kept that promise. Im not sleeping with her, not that its any of your business. Well, were sleeping, but in the literal sense. Im allowed to have company, Piper. Shed only freaked out over me dating a couple of times before, and I hadnt minded letting those girls go, because they werent worth the fight with Piper. 
But Allie was worth it, and I had no plans to give her up.
Piper obviously saw my resolve, and I could practically see her digging in her heels, in response. Even if that didnt make me want to dig in just as hard to make it really fucking clear that she didnt own me, I would have dug in to protect Allie. To keep her in my life. 
You actually expect me to believe that Allison Daniels spent the night in your bed, and all you did was cuddle. Because shes notorious for indiscriminate cuddling.
Notorious? In the hands of vindictive bitches like my ex and her best friend, the internet should be classified as a deadly weapon. Those asshole frat boys had done as much damage to Allie with camera phones and a wifi connection than Id ever been asked to do with a gun, and now Piper had dug that trauma back up to throw in my face. And in Allies.
Okay, lets keep this in perspective. You have no reason to be upset, Piper. I promised Id stick to your asinine demands, and Ive kept that promise. 
And I should believe that, in spite of evidence to the contrary, because? 
Because Ive never lied to you. You are the mother of my child, and Ive tried to keep things between us friendly, for Carolines sake. I may have made some mistakes before she was born, but from the moment I saw that little girl in the hospital, I knew I wanted to be a part of her lifea big partand I promised to do whatever that took. 
And now I could see my mistake. What Id actually promised was to do whatever Piper wanted, so she wouldnt fight my request for visitation. 
But this is taking it too far. Allie isnt just some girl I met at a party. I wont be trading her in next weekend. I like her, and she likes me enough to stick around in spite of the abstinence pledge. I want to be with her, Piper, and I dont see an end to that. I get the no sleeping around thing, but do you actually expect me to give up on a serious relationship with someone who really makes me happy? Because thats not what I expect from you.
Id thought that if I made it clear that I cared about Alliethat she wouldnt suddenly disappear and confuse Carolinethat Piper would understand. That shed extend some leniency into her interpretation of my promise. 
Yet as I watched rage mount behind her eyes like the red line rising in a thermometer, I realized Id somehow managed to say exactly the wrong thing.
Daddy! Caroline called, and I turned to see her pointing at the television in triumph, her free hand still clutching the steering wheel, which she thought shed just used to claim a victory in Mushroom Gorge. 
Good job, Cara! I said, and she beamed at me, then went back to her game.
Piper grabbed my arm and I pulled free of her grip, then followed her into my small kitchen. Are you really willing to lose your daughter over some frat party slut? she whispered, fury raging behind her eyes.
Do not call her that. It took most of my remaining good grace to resist reminding her that she and I had met under similar circumstances. You dont know a damn thing about her.
I know what everyone else knows. I know shes easier than simple addition and looser than the change in my pocket. I know what Ive seen online, Noah.
My jaw clenched, and my temper slipped a little more. Id debated watching the videos myself, torn between a need to understand why Allie would do that to herself and the very real possibility shed see that as an invasion of her privacy. She never talked to me about the parties or the drunken hookups, which seemed to mean she didnt want me to know the details. 
In the end, Id discovered three still onlinenone posted by Tylerbut I only made it twenty-seconds into the first video before I realized she was passed out cold, and I had to close the window before I threw my laptop through the fucking window in disgust and outrage.
The self-destructive Allie Id glimpsed online was nothing like the vibrant, funny, surprisingly inexperienced yet eager Allie I knew, and I couldnt figure out why shed abused herself so much before. Why shed let herself be used. But all that was over. Shed put it behind her, and Id promised myself I wouldnt find those videos again and search the men in them for identifying marks or features, then hunt them down and beat the living shit out of each and every one.
If I hadnt watched the videos, Piper shouldnt have either.
Why were you watching her online? I demanded, and for just a second, the dangerous edge in my tone gave her pause. But then she stood straighter and stuck her chin out defiantly.
Because youve been parading her all over campus, and anyone you bring into contact with my daughter is my business. I dont want her anywhere near Caroline.
Why not?
Because shes not a good influence on a two-year old! Or on you, obviously.
Bullshit! I whispered, and Pipers gaze narrowed until I got the feeling she was trying to shoot lightning bolts at me through her eyes. I glanced into the living room, but Caroline was still happily driving in front of the coffee table. 
Allie would be good with her. Good for her, even. They both liked MarioKart. And me. 
Piper, you know I would never bring anyone into Caras life who didnt deserve to be there, and you dont get to decide who I spend time with!
The hell I dont. Youre a dad now, and you have to quit living like a drunken bachelor if you expect to spend time with your daughter. She stomped into the living room, and I couldnt stop her without grabbing her arm, but if I tried that, Id never see my daughter again. Piper would make sure of that. Come on Cara.
Ma-wee-o, Caroline insisted, twisting her steering wheel extra hard for emphasis.
No Mario today, hon. Daddys in time out. Why dont you tell him to be good, so he can come see you next week.
Anger spiked the length of my body, burning hot in every nerve ending. She couldnt just take my daughter away! Damn it, Piper I could hear the warning in my voice, but it only made her angrier. 
Come on, sweetie. She pulled the steering wheel from Cara's chubby hands and tossed it onto the couch, then picked up the toddler over her protests. You can stay with aunt Trish today while Mommy works.
Piper. I spoke through clenched teeth. You said I could have her all weekend. I made plans. I wanted the girls who were most important in my life to meet, and to fall in love.
You should have thought about that before you got naked with the campus slut.
Dont do this. I stepped in front of the door, blocking her way, and Pipers jaw tightened. You cant just take her away. Im her father.
You let me know when youre ready to be a good one, and well be back.
My fists clenched. Anger and panic roiled together inside me. Youre not leaving here with my daughter. Its my weekend.
Get out of the way, or Ill call the police and tell them youre holding us here. She dug her phone from her pocket with her free hand, balancing Caroline on her opposite hip. How will that help you get visitation?
Fucking bitch! 
But one look at my daughters round, scared eyes threw a bucket of water over the fire building inside me. She wouldnt understand that her mother was being unreasonable. Trying to take her away. Caroline wouldnt understand that I was yelling at her mommy to protect and defend my time with her. My fucking God-given right to be with my daughter. 
Shes mine too, Piper. And she has a right to spend time with her father. Dont do this to her.
Dont do this to us! 
To us? I understood Pipers concern that a series of girlfriends paraded in front of our daughter would be bad for Caroline. Wed both agreed on thatand on any potential parade of men in Pipers lifefrom the start. But how on earth was my relationship with Allie bad for Piper?
I could tell from the anger emanating from her like radiation from a dirty bomb that she was in no mood to explain.
Okay. Wait, lets talk about this. I was going to introduce Allie and Caroline, but I wont, if it makes you that uncomfortable. Maybe she didnt want another woman put in a potential mommy-position with her daughter. I could see the logic in that, if I tilted my head just right and studied her irrationality through half-closed eyes. Ill only see Allie when I dont have Caroline. 
The concession made my chest ache, but I couldnt see any way around it. At least that way, Id get to keep them both.
Youre an idiot. Piper spat the word like poison, and I swear it stung, but there was pain in her eyes too, lurking right there beneath the venom. I didnt understand it, but I could see it. Break it off with your slut, or youll never see your daughter again. Im not kidding, Noah. Now get the hell out of my way, or Ill dial! Her voice hovered on the edge of a shout and her finger hovered over the emergency button on her phone screen. Move!
I moved. With my daughter as leverage, Piper had me, and she damn well knew it. And I knew better than to fight back while Cara was watching. 
Coleman had lost his boys when their mother moved out of state while we were deployed, and Piper would go much further than that, if I pushed her. I might eventually be able to win split custody of Carolineor at least official visitationbut Id never get back the time Id lose with my daughter during the custody battle, and I couldnt put her through that. 
She was just a kid.
Piper reached for the doorknob, and when my hand settled over hers, she looked up at me, and the raw hope shining in her eyes caught me by surprise. Maybe she wasnt unwilling to negotiate. Maybe she was truly looking out for Caroline, misguided as her efforts were. Maybe I just had to find a way to put her fears to rest. Please, Piper. Allie isnt a threat to your maternity. Give her a chance. You might actually like her.
Her gaze hardened and her jaw clenched. Piper pulled open the door and stomped out of the apartment, diaper bag bouncing against her hip. Caroline held her arms out to me over her mothers shoulder, all the way down the hall, and my heart cracked into a million pieces, then exploded and left sharp bits embedded deep within me, like shrapnel.
I managed to close the door softly, to keep from scaring Caroline, but when I was sure they were gone, I lost it. I recognized the roar that burst from my throat from earlier, less domesticated days, but I didnt see what Id broken until I knelt to pick up the pieces of the plate that had held Allies leftover breakfast. 
Her bagel was now plastered to the living room wall with a paste made of cream cheese and strawberry jam. As I cleaned up the mess, all I could think about was the fact that I hadnt even gotten to give Caroline a hug goodbye.
And that a goodbye hug was now all I could afford to give to Allie.

Chapter Ten

Allie

Hey! I dropped my backpack to the right of the door, then pulled it shut and headed for Noah as he stood from the couch. But when he slid his hands into his pockets instead of reaching for me, I stopped. Something was obviously wrong.
The TV was off, but hed been sitting with no book, no headphones, and no other obvious form of entertainment. As near as I could tell, hed just been staring at the door. 
Waiting for me.
Whats wrong? I asked, and in spite of the signs Id already noticed, I half expected him to smile, pull me into a hug, and assure me that everything was fine.
Instead, he gestured toward the couch with one hand. Sit down. I need to talk to you.
Wheres yourcompany? I glanced around the apartment, looking for a suitcase. Listening for sounds from another room. Had something happened to his sister? 
She couldnt make it today. Allie, will you sit, please? We need to talk.
My heart thumped too hard and my throat felt too thick. I hadnt had many actual breakupstheyre hard to accomplish, without actual relationshipsbut I knew this scene from hundreds of books and movies. 
I was about to get dumped.
Im fine here by the door. I assume Ill be using it in a minute anyway. I blinked, fighting stunned tears, then cleared my throat. Youre ending this, right? And suddenly I remembered why drunken hookups were so much easier. Everything was easier, back when I didnt give a damn. Before Id had expectations. Before Id trusted anyone other than Violet.
Noah exhaled slowly. This is really hard for me. Ive been sitting here for hours, trying to figure out how to even start to say this, butnothing came. 
Then just say it. Use that golden tongue and tell me why.
He flinched, as if the words stung, and on the surface I felt bad about that, because I didnt want to hurt him. I wanted to kiss him. I wanted to be held by him, while he told me this was a mistake, and he would never want to be rid of me, because he couldnt fucking live without me. 
But deep inside I was glad my words had hurt him, because he wasnt going to say any of that. He wasnt going to heal the wound hed just carved through my heart and well into my soul, so the least he could do was suffer a little verbal thorn with some grace.
Allie He reached for me, but I backed away until my spine hit the wall. 
Dont. If youre going to dump me, dont fucking touch me. Just be man enough to tell me what I did wrong, and Ill go. Leaving might kill me, but I would go. Even fun-Allie knew better than to stay where she wasnt wanted.
You didnt do anything wrong. Youre perfect. This has nothing to do with you. I know that sounds like a cop-out, but I swear its the truth.
Youre lying. If I were perfector even just perfect for himhe wouldnt be standing across the room, and I wouldnt feel like my chest was a gaping wound sucking at the world through the hole left when hed ripped my heart out.
No. Allie. This isnt what I want. The timing is just so bad. His hands looked empty and awkward, as if he still wanted to reach for me, and his voice cracked on the last word. He looked upset. But surely that was just his way of letting me down easy. This is coming out all wrong. Everything I say sounds like a clich, but its all true. If Id met you a couple of years ago, things would be different. I would never let you go. Not even long enough for you to brush your teeth in private.
Then why? What changed, Noah? Then, with a sudden aching intuition, I understood. This is about the blowjob, isnt it? 
Hed violated his oathin his heart, if not in realityand he couldnt stand the knowledge that hed broken his word. 
I should never have pressured him to do that. He hadnt let me touch him since that night at the gym. Id been so desperate to hold onto him that Id pushed him away instead. Maybe I should have seen this coming, but I hadnt, and the sucker punch hurt so badly I could hardly stand upright. 
No. That was He bit the thought off mid-sentence and his eyes narrowed as he studied me. Then he seemed to come to some unspoken conclusion. 
Surely hed decided to tell me the truth. 
It wasnt the blow job, but the fact that I let that happen is a symptom of the larger problem. That problem is how badly I want you, Allie. I ache to hold you all the time. To see you. To talk to you. Its only been two weeks, but Ive gotten used to waking up with you next to me, and we both know theres only so long we can go on like this without giving in to what we really want. I dont want to resent you later for being the reason I broke my vow. And I dont want you to hate me for the same reason.
But it was fine if I hated him for dumping me?
Youre breaking up with me because you like me too much? That is some beautiful bullshit, Noah! You dump me out of the blue, but youre still the good guy because you want me too much. 
He reached for me again, but I had no retreat left, and the air suddenly felt too thick to breathe.
Dont touch me! I shouted, and he looked startled, but backed away with both hands held up, palms out. I wish youd never touched me. I seized the anger burning inside me and fed it until it roasted my pain and vaporized my unshed tears, because the alternative was unacceptable. I could not cry in front of him. 
I wish Id never met you, I spat. Heather was right. It was better to avoid temptation than to take that first bite, then have the feast stolen away from you forever. If it was always going to end like this, you should never have asked me out in the first place.
I wanted to help you.
Fuck you! I dont need your help, and I dont want your sympathy. Stay the hell away from me. I grabbed my backpack and pulled the door open, then ran down the hall without bothering to close the door at my back. 
Allie! Noah called from behind me, and if hed chased me, I would have let him catch me, because the ache from losing him still hurt infinitely worse than my wounded pride. But when I didnt stop, he only closed the apartment door.
I ran down two flights of stairs, fighting tears, now that he wasnt there to witness my heartbreak, but by the time I hit the sidewalk, I was seeing clearly. My vision had been sharpened by the truth. Focused by pain. I pulled my phone from my pocket and scrolled through the contacts as I marched down the sidewalk, resisting the urge to look up at Noahs window to see if he was watching. 
Hey, Allie, whats up? Brenna said, answering on the second ring.
What are you doing tonight?
Kappa Alpha Thetas Fourth of July party. You?
I only hesitated for a second. The same, if you have room for one more.
Her silence sounded reluctant, so I backtracked. Thats okay. You probably have a date or something
No, Im going with a couple of girls from my chem lab. Youre welcome to come.  Its just that Do you really think thats the best place to be for a recovering alcoholic?
When I looked up, I saw my own reflection in the window of the taco place where Noah took me that first night. Anger flared with the memory. Had he known even then that this was coming? Why would he tell me I was the only, then end it with no clear reason? 
What are you, my mom? I snapped, fully aware that I was taking my pain out on her, but unable to stop.
No, Im your friend. At least, Im trying to be.
I swallowed a groan and decided to tell her the truth. Noah dumped me.
Oh, hon, Im sorry! Springs squealed over the line, and I recognized them from the reception desk chair in our dorm. Brenna had the morning shift.
Me too. I just dont want to be alone tonight. Im not planning to relapse or anything, but I thought that might be easier if I was with friends.
Friends wholl be drinking.
But I pushed that thought away. Those were the only friends I had left, since Violet was still in rehabthe irony had never stung so badly as it did in that momentand my only other alternative was to hang out alone in my dorm room, with nothing and no one around to distract me from how badly I wanted a drink.
And how badly I wanted Noah.
Okay. Ill meet you in the lobby at seven.

***

You look great! Brenna spun one finger in the air and I turned a circle to give her the full view. Planning to get even with a certain smokin ex-marine tonight?
No. No revenge hookup, and no drinking. Call me Allie 2.0. 
But I did look good. Id pulled out all the stops. Short skirt. Snug top. Extra care with my eye makeup. Hot-but-functional shoes. My plan was to party until I was too tired to move, so thered be no time to think about Noah. No time to think about drinking. I would just dance until I passed out from exhaustion. 
Tomorrow would be a different beast to tame, but Id just have to deal with thattomorrow.
So what happened with Noah? Brenna asked, hanging back to walk with me so the rest of her friends wouldnt hear. Last I heard, things were going well.
I have no idea what happened. He wanted me to meet his sister tonight, and he sounded like meeting her was a really big deal. But when I got there, there was no sister, and he justended it. He tried to explain, but none of it made any sense. I think theres something hes not telling me. Maybe something to do with Worth The Wait.
You think he dumped you because of that stupid celibacy group?
Thats what he seemed to be saying, but it didnt sound like the truth. Not the whole truth, anyway. Doesnt matter tonight, though. I just want to forget about Noah and have some fun.
Without drinking.
We were greeted at the door to the Kappa House with a tray full of red, white, and blue jello shots, and a guy in a maroon polo with the Kappa emblem embroidered on one shoulder encouraged us to do all three colors together, to demonstrate patriotism.
Moron.
I gave mine to Brenna.
For the first hour or so, I danced with Brenna and her friends, but the drunker they got, the less they wanted to dance, and one by one they abandoned me for couches, stupid drinking games, and upstairs rooms. 
Violet wouldnt have left me alone at a party, but Id ducked out on her more times than I could count. Definitely more times than I could remember. If turnabout really was fair play, Id probably spend the next three years of my life with Karmas stiletto-heeled boot lodged firmly up my ass.
Reluctant to sit, I dancedalone and in pairsuntil I got so thirsty my tongue felt glued to the roof of my mouth. During my search for a bottle of water, I ran into Tyler.
Allie, hey! His eyes were glazed, his breath was sharp and bitter, and his nose was still swollen from its meeting with Noahs fist two weeks before. I felt really good about that for at least two seconds before I remembered that Noah had just dealt me an equally painful blow. Whatcha drinkin? Let me get you a refill. He glanced around the large kitchen, then headed for a huge bowl of punch next to a stack of blue plastic cups.
Just water, thanks.
Youre driving? Cause you can always crash here. Half these assholes will anyway.
Not tonight, I insisted, and he shrugged, then dug into a mini fridge beneath the island for a bottle of water.
I cracked the seal and gulped half the contents.
You here alone?
He was asking about Noah, but if Tyler wasnt willing to say his name, I wasnt either. I came with friends.
Where are these friends?
Around. Id last seen Brenna playing darts for shots in one corner of a room at the back of the first floor.
A sudden loud crack split the air, and I dropped into a squat on the kitchen floor, my heart pounding in my ears. I didnt know whether to run or hide. To call the cops or grab a mop. 
When no one else panicked, I peeked out from behind the island, my pulse racing fast enough to make me dizzy, but I saw no blood. Heard no screams. What the hell?
Allie? Tyler said, as a series of loud cracks echoed from beyond the kitchen window. I let him pull me up and could already feel my face flaming. 
It was the fucking Fourth of July. I was hearing fireworks, not gunfire.
Nobody was dead.
No one had to be cremated.
No one was dividing up the stolen cash, and no one would be looking for me, to reclaim my share.
It was just a fucking frat party.
You okay? Tyler popped the cap on a fresh beer, eyeing me in what could have been either concern or suspicion. 
Yeah. The noise just caught me by surprise.
Thatll go on all night. Maybe you should have a drink and relax. He pushed his untouched beer toward me.
I told you. I dont drink anymore. I gave him icy eye contact. Only an asshole would offer a beer to a recovering alcoholic.
Sorry. He held up both hands in a defensive gesture. I didnt think you were serious. A soda, then, he said, and I nodded when I realized Id spilled what was left of my water when Id hit the floor. 
Maybe just holding a cup of sodaan alcohol placebowould make me feel better. More normal, as if I hadnt just had my heart broken by the most amazing man Id ever met and the living shit scared out of me by a fucking firecracker.
Allie! Brenna called from the doorway, holding a dart like a tiny missile. Come plaaaaaay. Ill take your shots if you lose!
Frat parties are no fun for the sober.
I declined the dart game and accepted the cup Tyler held out to me, but sniffed at the contents. 
No alcohol, I swear, he said with one hand over his heart, as if that meant I should trust him. I took a single cautious sip to confirm what both Tyler and my nose were telling me. Then I relaxed. 
No alcohol.
Thanks. Why are you being so nice? I said, when he pushed a bowl full of snack mix toward me.
Someone recently pointed out that I sometimes come across as a bit of an asshole. I took down the video, Tyler said. Posting it was one of those asshole moves. Im sorry.
I sipped from my cup, watching him over the rim, far from convinced by his change of heart. You sure you didnt take it down because someone else pointed out how fragile the human nose can be?
Tyler glanced at the countertop. Well, the timing might be a bit suspect, but I assure you Ive seen the error of my ways.
Glad to hear it.
 I had nowhere else to be and he didnt try to offer me another drink, so I followed Tyler into the den to watch the dart game and cheer for Brenna, but when he left to use the bathroom, I pulled my phone from my pocket to check for a text from Noah.
Just in case.
There were no messages. Almost as if breaking up meant we shouldnt talk, or make out, or give each other non-penetrative orgasms on a daily basis anymore.
I was starting to think Noah hadnt fully thought out this breakup thing, and that he was actually dumb enough to take me seriously when Id saidokay, shoutedthat he should stay the fuck away from me. What was I thinking? 
I selected Noahs number from the contacts list and was a breath away from calling him to demand another, clearer explanation for our breakup when Tyler came back with a fresh cup of Diet Coke. I slid my phone into my pocket and took the cup.
Then I tried to forget about Noah Porter, once and for all.


Chapter Eleven

Noah

My phone rang as I was popping the top from my second beer, trying to drown out the firecrackers with a racing game I didnt give even half a shit about. Allies steering wheel sat on the coffee table, next to Carolines pink one, and they both looked as miserable and lonely as I felt.
I picked my phone up from the end table and my chest ached when I saw Allie smiling at me from the screen. Id taken that picture after an afternoon of go-carts and an utterly ridiculous round of mini-golf.
For two straight rings, I could only stare at the phone, trying to decide what to say. Was she calling to yell at me? To demand more details about the bullshit Id fed her that afternoon?
The only problem youre going to have with that girl is that shell believe anything you tell her.
Coleman was right about that, and Id used her trust in me against her. Like an asshole.
I answered the phone, with no fucking clue what to say.
Allie? But after a second of listening to loud music and muffled conversation, I realized shed called me by accident, from a party, and had no idea I could hear her. The loud rustling sound said her phone was still in her pocket.
Hey, wherer we goin? Her words were sluggish and deliberate, and I groaned, running one hand through my hair. Shed been drinking.
Lets take this party someplace private.
I popped up from the couch, alert and angry from the very first word spoken by a man over Allies phone. His speech wasnt slurred. If hed been drinking, he was nowhere near as drunk as she was.
Damn it, Allie.
Allison! I shouted into the phone, but there was no response, other than more rustling, and the muffled closing of a door, which cut off the party music. 
Son of a bitch! 
I tried to set aside my personal rage at the thought of someone else touching her long enough to determine whether or not she wanted this private party with some asshole just begging to have his head ripped from his shoulders. I couldnt swoop in and save her from something she wanted, even if she only wanted it to get back at me. 
Wait, I wanna go back to the party. Her words all ran together, and rage raced through my veins like fire. She didnt want him.
Say something else My hand clenched around the phone and I grabbed my keys on the way out the door. Tell me where you are, Allie!
I took the stairs so fast I almost bit it after half a floor, then had to force myself to slow down. Id be no use to her, lying at the bottom of the stairs with my head busted open.
We will. Just finish your drink first, The asshole said, and anger crested inside me, beating relentlessly against my patience like waves against a sea wall. You need to relax. When I found him, Id break every bone in the fuckers face, and he could spend the next six weeks relaxing in intensive care.
I dont want
Where the hell are you?
I ran out through the front hall and jogged across the parking lot, then unlocked my car and slid behind the wheel without bothering with a seatbelt. With my cell set on speakerphone, I shifted into reverse and backed out of the space, then tore out of the lot and onto the street, headed straight for fraternity row. 
Allie's party wasnt loud enough for a club, so my gut said she was at a frat house. But if I was wrong, Id never find her in time to break that assholes hands off before they touched her.
While I drove, the sounds over the speaker devolved into the rustle of clothing and a series of soft sucking sounds.
Wait. Stop! Allie said. This isnt I dont want The slurring was getting worse, and she seemed to be struggling for words. Some piece of furniture squealed and I prayed I wasnt hearing the groan of a bed frame. I dont do that anymore!
Dont do what? he said.
This. Im not here forthis. For you.
Why are you here? There was a terrifying moment of silence over the line, and I was so busy listening that I ran right through a red light and left horns blaring all around me. 
When Allie finally spoke, I could hardly hear her. I came to forget.
Fuck! My fist slammed into the steering wheel. My car swerved and bumped the curb before I could straighten it. Shed gone to that damn party because Id dumped her. To forget about me. 
This was my fault.
I dont think thats going to be a problem, the asshole said, and I considered ripping him open and strangling him with his own entrails.
Something thunked over the line, and Allie giggled.
You okay? the guy said, but he sounded more pleased than concerned.
Fell down.
I can see that. He laughed, and I pictured my fist plowing right through his no doubt painstakingly straightened and whitened grill. Let me Here, just lie down until you feel better. Ill sit here with you.
What What are you doing?
Nothing. Just taking a little video, he said, and the world blurred beneath my rage. Why the hell was every frat house on campus throwing a party on the same night? 
Right on cue, another round of lights exploded in the sky and I remembered it was the Fourth of July. It wasnt just fraternity roweveryone in the country was partying. Id never find Allie without more to go on.
So what happened to your boyfriend? the guy asked, and I realized Id heard those pops both in person and over the line. Allie was close, and whoever she was with had seen us together at some point. Maybe Id even met him.
Dumped me, she said, as I tried to remember everyone shed ever introduced me to. It was a short list. 
Youre better off without him. He was a fucking meathead.
Jarhead, she corrected, and I would have laughed, if I werent so pissed off I could hardly focus on the rows of two-story houses lining the street on either side of my car. Noah. And he took you down with one shot.
Id what?
And finally it clicked. Frat boy. Videos. Broken nose. 
Tyler. She was with that entitled little white-collar prick.
I know how we can both pay him back with one blow, Tyler said, and my fists clenched around the steering wheel.
I don wanna pay
Youll change your mind. Well have a little fun and make another video. Something special, just for Meathead.
That black-souled bastard! What frat? I scanned the front of one house after another, suddenly lamenting the fact that Id never bothered to learn the Greek alphabet, until the letter K stood out at me from the front of a large white-sided house on the left. Tylerd worn a maroon shirt, and the first letter of his frat house was K.
Kappa Alpha Theta. Tyler was a Kappa.
No, Ty, I dont wanna
Just lie back. Ill do all the work.
Fury shooting through me in white-hot sparks, I parked as close as I could get to the Kappa House on a party night and shoved both my keys and my phone into my pocket as I slammed the car door. I raced across the street and down the sidewalk, ignoring inebriated greetings from the front yards of two other houses, as well as the continuous pop of Black Cats from some nearby backyard.
I stomped up the steps and threw open the Kappa door, then had to push my way through a wall of music and laughter so loud it formed an almost physical barrier. I grabbed the first maroon polo collar I saw. 
Watch it! the Greek-lettered asswipe slurred, then fell silent when he turned to look up at me. 
Wheres Tyler? I growled, but he couldnt hear me over the crowd. Wheres Tyler? I shouted that time, and people turned to look.
Who the fuck are you? the belligerent drunk demanded, pointing at me with a half-empty beer bottle.
Im the meathead whos going to break your skull open if you dont tell me where Tylers room is in the next three seconds.
You cant just
Onetwothree. My fist crashed into his jaw. Frat boy fell over backward, beer from his bottle arching over a four-foot radius, and before he hit the ground, I had the next maroon-shirted partier pinned to the wall with one hand on his chest, the other pulled back and ready to smash his face. Tylers room. Now.
Upstairs, third door on the right, he said without hesitation.
Youre smart. They should make you president. I let him go and headed for the stairs, and when another maroon-clad brother stepped into my path, I shoved him aside, and he stumbled, then fell through a glass case full of trophies celebrating victories I couldnt even identify, other than to eliminate traditional sports.
No one else got in my way, but by then those who werent too drunk to function had pulled out phones and I only dimly realized that rather than calling the police, they were all taking pictures and video.
Fucking morons.
I raced up the stairs and down the hall, and now that the party below had gone quiet, I could hear Allie before I even got to the third door on the right. 
No! Turn it off
I threw the door open, and it swung back to slam into the wall.
Tyler spun toward me, his camera phone in one hand, aimed at the bed, the other frozen in the act of shoving Allie's skirt over her hip. She lay on the bed, one hand holding the side of her skirt down, the other held out in front of her, trying to block herself from the camera. 
Get the fuck off her! I hardly recognized my own words, they were so low-pitched and run together, but Tyler seemed to get the gist. He backed away from Allie, both hands up, as if I were holding a gun on him, and for one fleeting, blissfully violent second, I wished I were.
I crossed the room in three steps and plucked the phone from his hand, then threw a right cross into his jaw. Tyler went down like one hundred eighty pounds of asshole, and I turned to Allie. You okay?
Her eyes were unfocused. What are you doing here?
I dropped Tylers phone into a half-full cup sitting on the dresser, then squatted next to him and started pounding his face in.
Noah! Allie cried, and on the edge of my vision, I saw her struggling to sit up. Stop, youll kill him!
Only if hes lucky. I threw one more punch, and might have kept going, but then Allie tried to stand and fell to her knees on the floor.
Footsteps raced up the stairs, then headed down the hall toward us as I stood to help her up. What the hell are you doing? she demanded, the words all slurred together.
Getting you out of here. I put one arm around her and was startled by how little of her own weight she seemed able to hold and how unbalanced she felt, as if shed tip over without support.
I dont need you to rescue me she protested, but her voice was soft and every time she blinked it took a little longer for her eyes to open again.
Well, Ill tell you what. You can rescue yourself just as soon as youre sober enough to walk. I picked her up in both arms and had to turn sideways to get her out the door, past the crowd that had gathered to watch.
Im notdrunk. I didnt have any Her sentences faded into nothing and as her head fell back against my arm, her eyes fluttered shut. 
That time they didnt open again. Damn it.
Hey! Get back here! one of the frat brothers shouted, and I looked back to see three of them kneeling around Tyler, whod come around enough to resist their efforts to pick him up. 
Take your friend to the hospital and make sure he understands that if he files a report, so will we. I will not hesitate to tear this house to the ground and burn the fucking charter for what you let happen here. Now get the hell out of my way.
No one tried to stop me as I carried Allie down the stairs, out the door, and all the way to my car, where I buckled her into the passenger seat. As I drove off, I stuck my hand out the window and flipped off the Kappa House and the crowd gathered on its front porch.
At my apartment, I carried Allie up two flights of stairs, and if Id remembered to lock the door on my way out, I would have had a hell of a time getting back inside with her.
I hesitated at the bedroom doorway, but in the end I put her on the futon in Carolines room instead. Allie couldnt wake up in my bed the morning after a relapse triggered by our breakup. 
I set a bottle of water, two Tylenol, and an empty puke bowl on the table next to the futon, for when she woke up, but she was sleeping so deeply that I couldnt leave her alone. I was afraid she might stop breathing in her sleep, so after an hour of watching her chest rise and fall in slow, shallow breaths, I rinsed blood from my fists for the second time since Id met her, grabbed a pillow from the couch, and curled up on the floor next to the futon.
Just in case.

Chapter Twelve

Allie

When I opened my eyes, the world made no sense. I didn't recognize the ceiling, even once I was able to bring it into focus. The material beneath me was unfamiliar, as was the blanket draped over me.
I tried to sit up, but nausea rolled through me and the world tilted, so I propped myself up on my elbows instead, my eyes closed, trying to breathe through the sharp throbbing in my head. When the pain had receded into a dull but persistent ache, I opened my eyes again and slowly, carefully turned onto my right side, trying to remember how I'd gottenwherever I was.
A piece of furniture came into focus across from the couch I lay onor was it a futon?and I blinked, suddenly sure I was hallucinating. 
A crib. 
I was staring at a crib with a pink and yellow bumper. Along the same wall stood a half-height bookshelf lined with toys, stuffed animals, and thick, colorful kids' books.
What...? 
Where the hell was I?
I sat up slowly, slowly, slowly, looking around what was obviously a small child's room, until my gaze found a scuffed side table at the end of the futon where my head had been. The table held a glass of water, two Tylenol tablets, an empty mixing bowl, and my cell phone.
What the hell happened last night? 
When I was sure I wouldn't need the vomit bowl, I folded the blanket back to discover that I still wore all my clothes, and when I swung my legs carefully onto the floor, my right foot hit something soft. I looked down to find a couch pillow on the floor near the head of the futon. As if someone had slept there. On the floor. Next to me.
I picked the pillow up and ran my fingers over the decorative thread pattern, in masculine shades of gray and dark green. I knew that couch pillow. I'd used it to muffle all manner of moans and screams when...
Noah. That was Noahs couch pillow.
I stood carefully, and when the world stopped spinning, I took three steps toward the door, then opened it and froze.
Noahs apartment. Somehow I was in Noahs apartment, which meant that the little girls room was in his apartment too. 
Hey.
Startled, I looked up to find Noah standing in the kitchen doorway, holding two steaming mugs. The sudden motion made my head spin, but the scent of coffee helped settle my stomach. A little.
I was just coming to see if you were awake, Noah said, but he remained in the doorway, and after a few seconds, I remembered telling him to stay away from me. I remembered telling him I wished hed never touched me.
I remembered lying through my teeth.
Im assuming you know that your home office is actually a nursery, I said, and he exhaled slowly, as if the question somehow relieved him. Had he expected me to stomp out without another word? Without a single question?
Yeah.
How old is she?
Two. Barely. Her name is Caroline. His eyes lit up when he said her name and I wanted to smile, because whatever made him happy made me happy, even though hed dumped me. I couldnt just turn off my feelings, even if he could. But if hed turned off whatever hed felt for me, why was I in his apartment? 
Because he was a good guy. I didnt wake up in his bed, because he didnt want me there anymore, but hed slept on the floor of the nursery to take care of me afterwhatever had happened last night. Because he was a damn good guy.
Even if he wasnt my guy anymore.
I wanted to tell you about her, Noah said, drawing me out of my own thoughts.
Then why didnt you?
There never seemed to be a good time.
Bullshit. You make time to tell someone whos important to you that you have a kid. I exhaled, trying to swallow disappointment as the truth finally sank in. I guess I wasnt that important. In spite of what hed said, and the time hed spent with me. Was it all a game for him? Something to distract him from the tedium of celibacy? 
No. He was helping me. But it obviously didnt mean any more than that to him, and hed only let me believe we had a future to make me happy. So I wouldnt drink.
No. Allie, youre very important to me. Thats why I didnt tell you. I wasnt sure how youd react to Caroline, he said, and I really wanted to believe him. 
Thats why you broke up with me? Because you thought I wouldnt like you if I knew you were a dad? Surely a stupid reason for being dumped was better than no reason for being dumped.
No, thats just why I put off telling you for so long. Caroline isnt the problem. The plan was to introduce you to her last night, he said, and thats when I understood that his guest wasnt supposed to be his sister. It was supposed to be his daughter. But thenits complicated, Allie, and Im sorry I didnt explain it all sooner, but before I get into all of that, we need to talk about last night. I need to know if youre okay.
What happened? I said finally, when a search of my memory failed to provide even a hint of how I wound up asleep in his daughters room. How did I get here?
Whats the last thing you remember? Noah crossed the room and set both mugs on the coffee table. Do you remember the party?
The very mention of it jogged my memory, and I groaned.
Kappa House. Brenna throwing darts. Fireworks that sounded like gunfire.
But after that, things got fuzzy.
I remember going to the party. Then I ran into Tyler.
 My hand clenched around something soft, and I looked down to see that I still held the couch pillow. Only now I clutched it like a bunny in a wolfs jaws.
Yes, Tyler was there. Hed heard what I hadnt said out loud, and there was something strange in Noahs voice. Something angry and barely controlled. He sat on the couch, and I rounded the end of it so I could see his face again.
Were you there?
I came to get you out.
You? I blinked, torn between anger over the presumption and relief over the obvious conclusionthat he still gave a damn, in spite of dumping me.
Get mad if you want, but you called me, and things were getting out of hand with Tyler, and Noah swallowed whatever hed intended to finish that sentence with and stood to face me directly. You have to stop doing this to yourself, Allie. This cant be how you react to disappointments.
Disappointments? Anger burned beneath my skin, and I felt flushed all over. I tossed the pillow onto the couch and propped my hands on my hips. Okay, first of all, disappointment doesnt even begin to cover it. You dumping me was more like
Trauma.
Only you cant say that to your ex. You cant show him that kind of vulnerability after hes already ripped your heart right out of your chest, even if he says he still cares about you, because any blow to a vital organ will hurt like helleven one struck by accident.
Im sorry, Noah said, while I was still searching for a word I could say without dropping my emotional shield. I handled that badly and if I could take it back, I would, but life is going to suck sometimes, Allie, and you cant go get drunk every time someone hurts you.
What? My hands fell empty at my sides. I didnt drink. Im not going to break my promise to Violet just because you dumped me. Not that I wasnt tempted, but that would have made things worse, not better.
Your speech was slurred over the phone, and you were only half-conscious when I got there. You were drunk.
I didnt drink, and I didnt call you! But a fuzzy memory surfaced at the thought of my phone. Well, I started to call you. I thought about it. But I never pushed the button. Id just slid my phone back into my pocket and accepted the drink Tyler gave me. The non-alcoholic cup of Diet Coke. Shit. I butt-dialed you, didnt I? 
Noah nodded. And you were drunk.
I know what alcohol smells and tastes like, Noah, and I didnt have any. In fact, Id been thinking so clearly when Id accepted Tylers cup that Id tasted it to screen not just for alcohol, but for sugar. I drank plain Diet Coke. No alcohol. No sugar. And that was the last thing I could remember.
You drank something Tyler gave you? 
I nodded slowly, and the look of horror unfolding on Noahs face surely mirrored that on my own. That bastard drugged me, didnt he? I sank onto the couch cushion farthest from Noah, and he sat at the other end. 
GHB would be my guess. You cant taste it or smell it.
Son of a bitch! I knew better. I fucking knew better than to drink something I hadnt poured for myself, but between the breakup and the gunshot flashback, I hadnt been thinking.
What happened last night, Noah? I leaned forward with my elbows on my knees, my hands clasped tightly together, fighting conflicting needs to know everything, and to shove the whole thing under the proverbial rug and never think about it again.
Id given away plenty of my own memories over the past couple of years, but having a night stolen from me felt different. Thered always been a part of me that thought I deserved the videos, and the names, and the less-than-subtle snickers because Id known when I took the first drink of the night that at some point I would lose control, not just of the drinking, but of myself, and that Violet wouldntcouldntalways be there to make sure I got home okay. Id thought the risk that something bad might happen was worth it because without fun-Allie, nothing good would happen either.
But this was different. I hadnt given up control. 
It was taken from me. 
Noah, I said, when I noticed he still wasnt talking. What happened?
You called, and I realized you couldnt hear me, but I could hear you and Tyler. He knew wed broken up. He was talking about making another video, so you both could get back at me. You didnt want to, but he didnt really care what you wanted. He just kept telling you to have another drink, and the whole time I was driving around, trying to remember which frat he belonged to, I was shouting your name, but you couldnt hear me. When I finally found you, he was already filming, but he didnt get much. 
I blinked to clear unshed tears from my vision. Are you sure? 
Pretty sure, but even if Im wrong, its all gone now. I dropped his phone in a cup of beer and got you out of there.
Thank you.
No need, he said, but he was wrong. Hed been there for me even after the breakup, and I was more than thankful.
So Tyler didnt? I couldnt say it, and even thinking it made me feel sick.
No. You were still dressed.
And your hand? I glanced pointedly at the knuckles of his right hand, which were split open and scabbed over. Should I assume Tyler ran into it?
Repeatedly. With his face. Noah shrugged. Fucker has a really hard skull. Im sure hes fine.
I didnt want him to be fine. I wanted him to be naked on the internet, being touched by people he couldnt remember, so the whole world could laugh at him and forward the links to their friends so they could laugh in groups. I wanted him to be humiliated, and degraded, and afraid to watch the footage, scared of what he might see.
But I would take his caved in face as a consolation prize.
However What if he presses charges?
He wont, because he knows Ill tear his fraternity down around him. They wont let him cost them their charter. But that all went down before I knew hed drugged you. Something tells me hes going to run into my fist a few more times. With more parts of his body, Noah growled.
Thanks, but I think Id rather hit him where itll really hurt. They can test for GHB, right?
Noah frowned. Yeah, but it doesnt stay in your system for very long. What time did he give it to you?
Around nine, I think. Theyd just started the fireworks. What time is it now? I asked, and he pulled his phone from his pocket to check the screen.
Nearly eleven. Thats fourteen hours. They might still be able to detect it in your urine, and the sooner the better. Want me to take you to the ER? He stood, already digging keys from his pocket.
The university health center is open until noon on Saturdays. Itll have a shorter line.
Will they have test kits?
I think so. They hand out those drink test coasters a lot during the fall. If Id been using my head, I would have taken one to the party.
Lets go. Ill drive.

***

The inside of Noahs car was about as messy as Id expected. There was a car seat buckled into the middle of the backseat, facing forward, and when I saw that, I finally understood why Id never actually been in his car. Everywhere wed gone together had been within walking distance of his apartment.
Hell, Id only driven to the gym that time so I wouldnt have to worry about a sudden gust of hot wind revealing the fact that Id gone commando.
Noah walked me into the clinic and sat with me while I explained to the nurse on dutythe only other person in the officewhat I suspected and why. She took a urine sample immediately, and I returned to the waiting room to sit with Noah for the five minutes she said the test would require.
Tell me about her, I said, when my thoughts became too chaotic to manage and my nerves felt like exposed wires just beneath the surface of my skin, firing sparks almost constantly. Tell me about Caroline.
She turned two last month. She has a great vocabulary, excellent fine motor skills, and she loves MarioKart.
The pink steering wheel is hers, isnt it? Id just assumed he played video games with all the girls he brought homeeven after Id discovered that he rarely brought girls home. 
Yeah. She has my eyes, but everything else is her mothers. Including her temper. Her mothers the problem, Allie. Pipers the reason I broke up with you. He frowned. Well, thats not true. Shes the catalyst, but the reason is because Im a coward, and a fucking idiot. I was scared to fight for you because I knew shed take Caroline away, but my sisters right. If I give in to every demand Piper makes, shell just keep making them. Eventually Im going to have to shut her down, and theres no better hill to die on than this one. Than you.
Im the hill you want to die on? The stand hed decided to take, for better or for worse.
Yes. You and Caroline are both worth fighting for, and if Piper tries to come between me and either one of you, shes going to have the battle of her life.
Okay, that was a lot to take in at once. I took a deep breath, trying to sort through all the new information. Pipers your ex, and the mother of your child, and she made you dump me by threatening to take your daughter away?
Yeah. Shes only got that one card to play, and shes been playing it for two years because it works.
Why would it work? Dont you have visitation rights?
Not officially. She didnt even put my name on the birth certificate, but she agreed to let me take Caroline two weekends a month if I swore to live a more solitary lifestyle.
She made you sign the pledge I whispered, as the pieces finally started to fall into place in my head. 
Yeah, and I couldnt really blame her at the time. Shed been out of circulation for nine months, and obviously miserable for most of that, and I was still out there doing whatever I wanted, with whomever I wanted, and she was right. Neither of us had any business trying to raise a kid with a different face showing up at the breakfast table every morning. So she said I could have visitation if I quit sleeping around. Completely. But that if I broke my vow, shed take Caroline away and fight any official request for visitation or custody. And she has lots of ammo. I didnt live much like a good dad before Caroline was born.
But that was before she was born! Piper had no right to ask you to give up your own life. Shes using Caroline like collateral. But that doesnt even make any sense, because we havent slept together. Not really.
She doesnt believe that. She saw you leaving my apartment yesterday morning and drew the obvious conclusion.
The woman with the toddler Id seen them. The little girl was adorable, and her mother was gorgeous. 
A flame of jealousy flared deep in my gut, and I tried to stamp it out before it could spread. He wasnt with Piper anymore, and he obviously had no intention of going back to her.
Piper, on the other hand Shes still in love with you.
Noah smiled, as if the very thought was too ridiculous to truly consider. No, it was never anything serious for either of us. We went out a couple of times, and stayed in a couple of times, but we hadnt seen each other in more than a month when she showed up to tell me she was pregnant.
Noah, shes in love with you. Thats why shes doing this. How could he not see that? Theres no way she could see how committed you are to your pledge and think youd be a bad father, which means your paternal skills have nothing to do with her demands. Shes trying to keep you away from other women because she wants you for herself.
Noah looked unconvinced, but before he could argue, the nurse cleared her throat, and we looked up to find her standing in the doorway with a sheet of paper.
I stood and clutched Noahs hand when it slid into my grip.
Im sorry, hon, the nurse said. The results were negative for GHB.
Her face blurred beneath the tears standing in my eyes and I sucked in a deep breath, in spite of the sudden tightness in my chest. That doesnt make any sense. I didnt have any alcohol last night, but I cant remember a thing after taking the cup he gave me. And Id slept for nearly fourteen hours, then woke up with a headache, fighting nausea.
Oh, hon, a negative result doesnt mean you werent drugged. All this means for sure is that there isnt currently enough GHB in your system for our test to detect. An hour ago, there might have been. And judging from what you told me, Id guess that you were drugged. You should stay away from that guy at all costs.
That wont be a problem, Noah growled, and I nodded, staring at the floor, but all I could think was that Id wanted Tyler to pay. Id wanted to take the results to the police station and have him arrested. Id wanted his friends and family to know exactly what hed done to me. What he would have done, if Noah hadnt stopped him. What he might already have done to someone else.
The nurse held the results out to me, and when I made no move to accept the paper, Noah took it and folded it into quarters, then slid it into his pocket. He thanked the nurse, then led me out to the parking lot, where he opened the car door for me.
Allie, he said, twisting the key in the ignition so the air conditioner would come on. It doesnt matter what that paper says. We know what happened. You didnt drink. Thats whats important.
Allie, he said again, when I didnt answer. Lets get some lunch. Tacos?
I dont want to go out, I said, as he took my hand in both of his.
The only thing Im equipped for at home, other than breakfast, is grilled cheese. Or mixed nuts. 
Grilled cheese sounds great, I said, and when I looked up, determined to fake a smile, Noah leaned over the gearshift and kissed me. 
I kissed him back almost desperately, and when I finally pulled away, I had to wipe more stupid tears from my eyes.
Tyler will get whats coming to him, Noah said. I promise.
But I shook my head. Hes not worth it. Dont get yourself into trouble over that stupid bastard, I insisted.
Noah nodded, but looked unconvinced.
Sodoes this mean were not broken up anymore? I licked my lips and realized I could taste him there. I wanted to taste him more.
If you still want me, Im all yours.
I slid one hand behind his neck and pulled him in for another kiss. Say it again, I whispered against his mouth.
Im all yours.
It was several minutes before either of us got a chance to say anything else. 

Chapter Thirteen

Noah

A cop car was parked in front of my apartment complex when I pulled into my spot, and at first I thought theyd come to take Allies statement. Thats what I hoped, anyway. That someone had reported what happened at the partya lone, courageous witnessand Allie might get justice after all. Maybe someone had even seen Tyler pour something into her cup.
But the cops got out of their car as we got out of mine, and they were looking at me, not at Allie.
Noah Porter? the tall one said, pulling a set of handcuffs from his belt. 
Shit. Yes.
Whats this about? Allie demanded, but the cops ignored her.
You are under arrest for battery and vandalism. Please turn around and put your hands on the back of your head.
Vandalism?
The trophy case. Had to be.
That bastard Tyler was going to regret reporting a beating he damn well deserved. Allies test may have come back negative for GHB, but I still had Tylers previous phone, with the video hed taken of her on it, and if Allie was willing to report him, we would bury himand his bullshit fraternityalive with it. 
Allie could only watch while I was arrested and put into the back of the car. As the cops pulled out of the parking lot, I twisted to get one more look at her, but she was already in the drivers seat of my car, where Id left my keys, evidently ready to follow me to the police station. 
On the sidewalk in front of my unit, where she had an apartment on the first floor, stood Heather, Pipers best friend, watching the whole thing unfold. She pulled her cell from her pocket and pressed a button, then put the phone to her ear.
Piper would know Id been arrested in less than a minute.

***

It took them nearly an hour to book me on one charge of felony vandalism and two charges of misdemeanor battery, but I never saw the inside of a cell because my bail was posted before theyd even finished cleaning ink from my fingers.
Allie was waiting for me at the front of the police station, and she looked terrified. She popped up from a plastic chair bolted to the floor like Jack from his box the moment she saw me, and a second later, she was in my arms. 
Dont get me wrong; I like your enthusiasm, I whispered into her ear, guiding her toward the front door. But I was only gone for an hour.
Police stations make me nervous, and I feel bad. You got arrested for helping me. But what peeked out at me from behind her eyes looked much more like fear than guilt. Why would she be afraid of the police station when I was the one being charged? Was it because of her probation?
And Id get arrested for you again in a heartbeat. But Piper She was going to hit the roof.
You wont have to. Ill make sure Tyler drops the charges. He doesnt have to know my GHB test came back negative. 
It wasnt Tyler. The misdemeanor battery charges came from a frat boy who wouldnt tell me where Tylers room was and from another who fell through the front of a trophy case when I removed him from my path up the stairs. Kappa House is pressing charges for the trophy case, and it must have been pretty fucking expensive, because the vandalism charge is a felony. But the trophy case was an accident, and if they cant establish intent, they wont stick with the felony charge. I was pretty sure about that.
So Tyler had nothing to do with any of it? She looked almost as surprised as she was frustrated. I could see how badly she wanted him to pay for what hed done.
Not directly. How much was my bail? I asked, as I unlocked the car door.
Um
Allie? I looked at her over the hood of the car, but she didnt answer until we were both seated inside.
Sixteen grand.
Sixteen thousand dollars!
Three each for the misdemeanors, but the felony was ten, all on its own.
Ill pay you back. I started the engine and slammed the gearshift into reverse. It might take me a while, but Ill pay back every penny. Somehow. While I spent every spare dime to pay for the attorney and the paternity test Id need to get official visitation with Caroline.
Dont worry about it, she said, as I pulled out of the lot and onto the street. I cant think of a better cause.
Im not a cause, Allie. Where the hell did you get that much, anyway?
Icame into some money recently.
I glanced at her just long enough to see that she wasnt looking at me. Anything I should know about?
No, she said. Then, a second later, Maybe. But its a long story, and let me just point out that youve been keeping secrets too. 
I glanced at her again. Do you have a kid and a crazy ex?
No. My confessions much worse, she said, and I thought she was exaggerating until I saw that tears were standing in her eyes. Okay, hang on. Were almost home. 
It didnt occur to me that Id just referred to my apartment as her home until the words were already out, but she didnt argue. In fact, out of the corner of my eye, she almost seemed to be smiling through the tears.

***

Allie took a deep breath, then a sip of her ice water, and I could tell she was stalling, not to get out of the confession, but because she didnt seem to know how to begin. Okay. I should probably start by telling you that Violets not an alcoholic. Not even a little bit. The night all this happened was the first time shed ever been drunk in her entire life, and its my fault she drove. My fault she got pulled over and arrested. On her birthday.
Violet drove drunk? That didnt sound much like the responsible-to-a-fault best friend Allie had told me all about.
Well, yes, but only because she was the lesser of two drunks. She was doing the most responsible thing she could think of, under the circumstances. 
How is driving drunk ever a responsible thing to do?
Circumstances, Noah. Allie looked up and gave me a stern frown. And I didnt say it was responsible. I said it was the most responsible option at that moment.
Sorry. Carry on. I took a drink from my Coke can and settled back on the couch to let her tell the story her way. 
So, I took Violet out for her twenty-first birthday. I told her Id stay sober, so she could cut loose for the first time in her lifelike, everand just have some fun. She needed that night, and I needed to give it to her. But because Im a horrible friend and an alcoholic, I got drunk too. 
She spit the words out quickly, as if they tasted bad, and if I hadnt already known there was money involved, Id have assumed that was her confession. But I could already tell the story was about to get much worse.
I didnt mean to. Her right leg began to bounce, and water sloshed over the rim of her glass. It was just going to be one drink, but one drink didnt do anything, so I had another, then one more, and by the time I hit the fourth, a fifth seemed like the best idea ever, and by the sixth, I thought I was a fucking genius for treating us both to a night out. It didnt matter that I couldnt drive. We could just call a cab and come back for her car later. That was my plan, anyway, by the time drunk-Violet noticed that drunk-Allie had joined her for the night.
Wow, I said, and Allie flinched.
Yeah. You wouldnt have liked me if youd met me a week earlier than you did. Maybe even a day earlier.
I dont believe that for a second. The fact that she felt so guilty for what shed done told me shed already been on her way toward change before Id met her. But what does all that have to do with the bail money?
Im getting to that. She took another deep breath and set her glass on the coffee table. So when Violet realized we were both too drunk to drive, she took charge. She always does that. She marched us down the street to the coffee shop like some kind ofwell, like a drunk soldier. In retrospect, I think she was probably pretty wobbly, but all I remember thinking at the time is that she was so pissed off at me that not even alcohol dared mess with her.
She sounds like a force to be reckoned with.
She was. She is. I almost feel sorry for her counselors at rehab. Theyll never know what hit em.
So you went to the coffee shop
Yeah. Allie ran one shaky hand through her hair, and I could see that whatever she was about to say was upsetting. But she pushed through. We made it to the coffee shop for a quiet place to sober up, and a decent wifi signal, but everything from that point on is fuzzy. I mean, I know what happened, but I cant remember it very well. Kind of like how I know I wore a purple leopard-print tutu for my entire third birthday, but Im never sure whether I actually remember that, or only know it because Ive seen the pictures. You know?
I did know. Somehow, what would have sounded like nonsense coming from anyone else sounded perfectly logical coming from Allie. 
Anyway, while we were at The Coffee Cave, somebody got shot. She said it so suddenlyand without any buildupthat the statement took a few seconds to actually sink in. 
Wait, you saw someone get shot? Surely Id heard that wrong. Why wouldnt she have told me that before? With a gun?
No. Allie shook her head, then frowned. Well, yes, with a gun, but we didnt see it. By the time we came running from the bathroom, he was already dead. Then everyone was freaking out, and someone said we should burn the body, and I told everyone Violet could take care of that, because her parents own a funeral home, and she was so pissed at me.
Well, you did volunteer her services in the illegal disposal of a body. I couldnt picture Allie doing anything soreckless. Even drunk.
I know, and to this day, I dont know why I did it. At the time, I thought I was being helpful. You know, contributing. And thats the last thing Im sure of until Violet called the next day to tell me she got arrested for DUI.
She got pulled over with a body in the car? I couldnt imagine Allie getting into a car with a corpse. But then, I couldnt imagine most of what she was telling me.
No. This was after we burned him and after she dropped me off at the dorm. Thank goodness. Butits all so messed up, Noah. The whole thing was my fault, but shes the one who got arrested, and shes the one doing time in rehab. I think she hates me.
Im sure she doesnt hate you. But I couldnt possibly know that, and neither could she, at least until shed heard from Violet. Allie, why didnt anyone call the cops after the shooting? 
I dont know! She buried her face in her hands, and I rubbed her back with one hand, listening closely to understand words spoken into her palms. There were a bunch of people there, and they were all talking. Arguing. But I cant remember who they were, other than Violet, and I cant remember what they were saying. 
Allie looked up again, and tears stood in her eyes. I know I didnt want to call the cops because Im on probation. I got arrested for underage drinking a couple of months before that, and the judge said if it happened again, Id serve thirty days. She wiped her eyes with both hands, then twisted to face me fully, tucking her legs beneath herself on the couch. That first night with you, I tried to tell you how messed up everything is for me now. I didnt want to involve you in any of this. Im so sorry, Noah.
I took her hand and squeezed it. Except for the dead guy, Ive already been through all of this with my sister. Emilys problems are many, and they are varied.
But shes never helped dispose of a corpse and cover up a murder, right?
Not that I know of. Though I had no illusions that Emily told me everything she did.
I wish Id insisted we report the shooting. I want to believe that if Id been sober, I wouldnt have made such a selfish decision. But I wasnt sober, and I wasnt the only one who didnt want to call the cops. From what I can remember, the decision was unanimous. Or very nearly, anyway.
Then its probably a good thing you went along with it. If someone in that coffee shop was a murderer, would he or she even hesitate to kill someone who threatened to call the cops? Allies drunken compliance might just have saved her life. 
I guess. But now I just feel stupid, and selfish, andjittery. Last night I thought those first fireworks were gunfire.
She must have been terrified. But she didnt take a drink. Allie was a lot stronger than she gave herself credit for.
So where does the money come in?
She gave a miserable, half-hearted shrug. Im not sure, honestly. I think it was the dead guys. It was with his stuff, but I dont remember who found it or where it was. I just remember being handed a Coffee Cave to-go bag full of cash. Later, Violet said that was their guarantee that no one would talk about it. We were all guilty, because we all took that money.
Fuck. How much?
A hundred grand. Each. Another little shrug. Just over, actually.
Holy shit. Fuck, fuck, fuck. No wonder she wanted to quit drinkingon top of the videos and memory loss, shed accepted a six-figure bagful of a murdered mans cash. I couldnt imagine how she slept without alcohol. How many people were there, Allie?
I dont know. Ten or so? Maybe more?
Shit. She didnt seem to have any idea what shed gotten into. Some guy walked into a coffee shop with more than a million dollars in cash and got shot? The murder and the money are not unrelated, Allie. Whatever he was into, it wasnt legal. Which meant she and the rest of the witnesses had more to fear than just the cops. Someone might be looking for that money.
Thats what I keep hoping. That hes a bad guy. That maybe he deservedwhat he got. Is that horrible?
Was it horrible of her to hope that the man whose murder shed had no choice but to help cover up was actually a bad guy, in order to ease her guilt? Thats not a horrible thing to want; its a human thing to want. And if it helps, I cant think of many legal reasons a man would walk around late at night with more than a million dollars in cash.
But its not my money, Allie said, and I didnt argue. Im not as naive as I look. I know its probably dirtymaybe its blood moneywhich is why I cant spend it on myself. I spent some on Violets rehab, and I was going to give the rest to a good cause, but getting you out of jail is a good cause.
I couldnt entirely agree with her on that one, but the conviction in her gaze made my chest ache. Shed been willing to use that dirty moneywhich came with a risk of being tied to an unsolved murder/disappearancefor me. Because she cared about me. And she didnt regret the decision.
Please tell me you didnt carry sixteen thousand dollars in cash into the police station.
No! I brought a cashiers check. I told the bank I won a scratch-off.
Okay. There were worse ways she could have handled that. 
I thanked her with a kiss that was deep, and long, and full of all the things I didnt know how to tell her with words. How much that risk shed taken meant to me. How glad I was that Tylers latest film was never completed or aired. How thankful I was that she didnt hate me for dumping her. How stupid and fucking spineless Id been for breaking up with her in the first place, when I should have fought tooth and nail to keep both her and Caroline in my life.
How I would never make that mistake again.
When she finally pulled away, Allie was breathing hard and fast, and her pupils were dilated. I pressed my forehead against hers and slid one hand behind her neck and into her hair, desperate just to keep her close. To keep touching her. 
I was stunned by how much better everything feltin spite of what shed just told mewhen I was touching Allie.
Then my phone rang, and she laughed, and the only thing that stopped me from crushing the damn thing as punishment for the interruption was that I loved to hear her laugh.
A glance at my cell phone screen darkened the moment like a cloud rolling across the sun. Its Piper.
Go ahead. Allie squeezed my hand, then stood and headed toward the kitchen with her nearly empty water glass.
I answered the phone, but Piper started shouting before I could say hello. Felony vandalism and two counts of battery? she demanded. I started to mention that those last two were both misdemeanors, but she was already yelling again, and interrupting with the facts never seemed to help me deal with Piper anyway. You know the police report is public record, right?
Yes, but I hadnt expected it to be available so quickly. Damn small-town police department
Piper, its not as bad as it sounds. But I dont know why I even bothered.
This was about her, wasnt it? She was at that frat house?
Are you actually going to let me answer, or am I not allowed to speak yet?
Allie chuckled from the kitchen, and I felt my anger at Piper fadenot entirely, but enough to think rationally.
Nothing you could say could possibly fix this, Noah. I told you that if you didnt get rid of the slut, youd never see Caroline again, and I meant that.
Thats not up to you anymore. Its up to the court. Im suing for visitation. I should have done it two years ago. And if you dont dial back the crazy and start demonstrating a little emotional stability while youre in charge of our daughter, I might have to go for full custody.
You dont have a snowflakes chance in hell of getting custody, and we both know that. What judge is going to give a toddler to a father with two violent crimes on his criminal record?
Fuck.
For just a second, I couldnt breathe. My chest seemed to be caving in on my lungs, pressing all the air from my body. 
Could she actually use those charges against me?
I didnt realize Piper had hung up on me until Allie came back into the living room and I noticed there was nothing but silence on the other end of the line. Whatd she say? Allie handed me a fresh can of Coke, then settled into her spot on the couch again.
I sank onto the cushion next to her and dropped my phone on the coffee table. She said shed use the battery charges to keep me from ever seeing Caroline again.

Chapter Fourteen

Allie

Allison Daniels?
When I heard my name I turned to find a tall guy in a maroon Kappa House tee-shirt standing in the archway leading from the frat house den to the tiled entry. Hed said my name as a question, but I could tell he recognized me.
If Id ever met himor even seen himId lost the memory.
Yes. I held my hand out and he shook it willingly, but wariness lurked behind his eyes, and I could understand that. Id brought his house a lot of trouble. But I hadnt done that all on my own. 
Im David North, Kappa House president.
Nice to meet you.
Weve actually met, he said, confirming my suspicion, and I couldnt stop the flush from flooding my cheeks as I wondered what Id been doing when we were first introduced. All I knew for sure was that he wasnt in any of the videos Tyler had uploaded tothen removed fromthe internet. His build was all wrong. He was too tall and too thin. What can I do for you, Allison?
Allie, I insisted, and he nodded. Im here to ask younicelyto drop the charges against Noah Porter. And if nice didnt work, wed move on to that other option.
David crossed both lanky arms over his thin chest. Even if I wanted to do thatand I dontI cant. Im not the one who filed them. Because technically, the fraternity had filed the vandalism charge and two of its members had filed on battery. 
On paper, David had nothing to do with it, but We both know you can make those charges go away.
His brows rose. Why should I?
Because Noah isnt your problem. Your problem is Tyler Lawson.
Tyler is no longer a Kappa, David said, and I couldnt hide my surprise. But that made sense. They couldnt go after Noah for damages if it looked like they supported what Tyler had done. But we still have a destroyed antique trophy case, dating back to this fraternitys original charter, and two brothers with busted faces.
Theyre just bruised. No broken bones. No real damage to anything other than their pride. Id checked. Neither of the injured Kappas had even gone to the health center for a band aid. If Noah had wanted to hurt them, theyd be in the hospital. 
Tylerd gone in for a re-broken nose, a fractured jaw, three cracked ribs, two black eyes, and a concussion. The list of his injuries had become a litany I recited to cheer myself up. I sang it to the tune of the Gilligans Island theme song.
David brows rose. Is that supposed to make me feel better?
Yes, actually. Noah only hit your brothers because they were trying to stop him from stopping Tyler. One might conclude, based on that fact, that Kappa House was in on what Tyler Lawson did to me. On Kappa property. That wouldnt look very good, if it were to be made public, would it?
David shrugged, but the gesture looked stiff. Defensive. Weve seen no evidence that anything happened in Tylers room, other than some drunk co-ed having second thoughts about getting back at her ex.
You really believe thats what happened? I demanded, surprised when my voice came out lower and angrier than Id ever heard it. 
Another shrug from the Kappa president. I wasnt there. But thats what Tyler says, and theres nothing to contradict his word except for yours.
Theres my toxicology report, I said, and I could tell from his wide-eyed, panicked expression that hed already suspected there was more at play than alcohol. Tyler put GHB in my cup, and the cup I filled at the campus health center this morning confirmed that. 
Hands down, the best lie Ive ever told.
David bought it. Kappa House had nothing to do with that. He held both hands palms out, as if the defensive gesture might actually get rid of me. Hes not even a member anymore. I told you.
Weird. I propped both hands on my hips and looked up at him with as much bravado as I could manage. Cause what I heard is that Kappa let one of its members drug me and take me up to his room in this house, then tried to stop Noah Portera dedicated father and a decorated US veteranfrom preventing Tyler from turning one felony into two. Noah only struck out in defense of me, and I cant imagine the university seeing it any differently. Especially if my story leads to other girls coming forward with similar accounts. Is that really what you want for your fraternity, David? Do you want to be the president who loses Kappa Houses charter? I laid one hand over my chest and gave him a wide-eyed look of horror. What would the alumni think?
His jaw tightened. Are you threatening me?
Actually, Im offering to make the whole thing go away. You drop the charges against Noah, and Ill make sure Kappa House doesnt become collateral damage in Tylers legal troubles.
David hesitated, and I followed his gaze into the hall, where the broken trophy case still stood, surrounded by broken glass. You swear? he said finally.
Yup. And if you make it fraternity policy to hand out drink-test coasters at every Kappa party, Ill pay for your trophy case. Theres no down-side to that one for your fraternity. Kappas come off looking both compassionate and socially responsible. Maybe theyll even give you a new citizenship award to put in your shiny new case.
Davids focus narrowed on me as he crossed his arms over his chest again. You pre-law?
Nope.
Maybe you should be.
Does that mean we have a deal?
He only hesitated for a minute. Then he stuck his hand out for me to shake. Deal.
Ill bring you a check once the charges disappear, I said, and he nodded. 
I smiled on my way out the front door. Pre-law, hell. But I was thinking about learning to play poker

***

Emily? The first thing I noticed about Noahs sister was that she was too thin. She hid it well, beneath shapeless, layered tops and baggy jeans, but her cheeks were hollow and her wrists were knobby. She looked sick.
The second thing I noticed was that she had Noahs eyes. 
Who the fuck are you? She stood in the rec room doorway, one hand clutching the frame, and only glanced at the empty chair across the table from me. They said a friend had come to visit, but I dont know you.
And according to Noah, she didnt have any friends whod visit her in rehab. Ironically, my best friend was in that very facility, but didnt want to see me.
Weve never met. But that doesnt mean we cant be friends. I stood and gestured to the chair. Will you sit?
Not until you tell me who you are, and what the hell you want.
I exhaled slowly and tried on a smile. My name is Allie Daniels. Imwell, Im Noahs girlfriend.
Emilys eyes widened in surprise, then narrowed in suspicion, and for a second I thought shed start shouting for the staff to have me removed from the property. Instead, she took three steps forward and wrapped both hands around the back of the chair across the table. Bullshit. Noah doesnt have girlfriends. Whats his favorite food?
Tacos. From this place on campus, where he gets the sample platter. Eight different kinds, in a variety of brightly colored corn envelopes. Jeanne waits on him every time he comes in, so the other, younger waitresses dont get the chance to drool over him.
Emily looked both irritated and suspicious, like she suddenly suspected me of stalking her brother. What does he drink?
Mostly Coke and water, since I met him, I said, and her mouth was already open to argue when I continued. Im a recovering alcoholic. He doesnt drink around me. But the first time I was at his apartment, he hid a six-pack of Guinness beneath the sink. He doesnt know I saw.
Emily pulled the chair back, but didnt sit. Youre really his girlfriend? Why didnt he tell me?
Hes got a lot on his plate right now. Thats why Im here, actually. I want to do something for him, but I dont want him to find out until its done. I need your help.
With what? she stepped up to the table. 
What can you tell me about Piper Lawrence?
Emilys eyes brightened, and she slid into the empty chair. Got a pen? You might want to write this shit down

***

I stood across the street for twenty minutes, staring in through the window of an Italian restaurant several miles from campus, waiting for a glimpse of Piper. Emilyd told me where Noahs ex worked, but she hadnt known her schedule, so Id taken an educated guess that a woman with tuition bills and sole custody of her daughter would work the busiest shift of the weekSaturday night.
Nearly half an hour into my wait, my guess paid off when Piper stopped at a table next to the window to take a couples order. Her blond ponytail brushed the shoulder of her white blouse, and a short, black apron covered the front of her black slacks. 
What hed seen in her was obvious. She was beautiful, and she carried herself with confidence. According to Emily, Piperd never had a thought she considered unworthy to share, and she generally got what she wanted because she had no trouble convincing herselfand everyone elsethat she deserved the very best. But when that failed, she wasnt above hitting below the belt.
Id seen that much for myself, in how she manipulated Noah.
I crossed the street and sat on a bench in the entryway, blending in with the crowd waiting for a table to open up, and after another fifteen minutes of waiting, I saw Piper head into the restroom. So I followed.
While she used one stall, I checked the others to make sure they were empty, then waited for her in front of the sinks.
She stopped cold when she saw me, and I knew from the angry way her eyes narrowed that she knew exactly who I was. Get out. 
Its a public building.
Actually, its a private business. She stomped toward me and turned on the nearest faucet. 
And Im a paying customer. Or I would be, if thats what it took. You can talk to me here, or in the dining room.
What do you want? Piper snapped, as she lathered her hands, and I made a mental note never to eat in that restaurant, because shed probably poison my food.
I want you to let Noah see his daughter.
Maybe you should have thought of that before you turned him into a violent criminal. No judge in his right mind will grant him visitation knowing that he beat the shit out of three men in one night. 
Tyler hadnt filed a report, but dozens of people had seen what Noah did to him. Any one of them could have told Piper. Or Heather.
Piper enjoyed my surprise. So why dont you get out of my way and go tell him that sending his whore over to talk to me is only making things worse for him.
I bit my tongue to hold back the names I wanted to call her. Those wouldnt help Noah, and I hadnt come to make myself feel better. Id come for him.
Noah doesnt know Im here. And the charges were dropped this afternoon. All of them. And just FYI, he did what he did because hes a good guy. He was protecting me, and I hope that if your daughters ever in a situation like I was in last night, theres someone like Noah around to help her when she cant help herself. You should be proud of him, not punishing him. Caroline couldnt ask for a better dad. 
Our daughters none of your business. Piper pulled a paper towel from the dispenser with far more force than the action required, then scrubbed at her damp hands until the paper shed little bits of material all over the counter.
Noah is my business. Were together, and thats not going to change. 
She shrugged, meeting my gaze in the mirror with a smug one of her own. As long as hes your business, Carolines none of his.
You cant do that.
Im the mother.
And hes the father! I didnt mean to raise my voice, but once I had, I couldnt seem to lower it again. Hes a good parent, and he has a right to see his kid!
And as soon as his home environment is healthy for a toddler, hell see her.
I get it. You think I make his home unhealthy for Caroline. And that statement stung much, much worse than Id expected it to. But youre not just lying to him with that bullshit, youre lying to yourself.
You dont know what youre talking about. She tried to step past me, already reaching for the door handle, but I stepped directly into her path. Blocking the door.
Actually, Im somewhat of an expert on the subject of lying to yourself, so I know it when I see it. This isnt about Caroline, its about you. You want Noah back, and you cant have him, so youre determined to make him as miserable as you are. But keeping Caroline from him wont bring him back to you. Itll make him hate you.
She untied and retied the apron at her waist. Thats not what Im doing.
Bullshit. I crossed my arms over my chest, settling in for the long haul. I can see that you love him. Emily had confirmed that suspicion for me. And Im sorry that he doesnt love you back, but hes kept his promise. She opened her mouth to argue, but I spoke over her. And if his word doesnt mean anything to you anymore, think about what youre doing to your daughter. You have no right to deny her a father. A damn good father. And I know hes a good dad, because he jumps through one flaming fucking hoop after another so youll let him see Caroline four pitiful days out of every month. He gave up sex for two years because he loves his daughter.
Piper rolled her eyes. I know youre sleeping with him.
I shook my head slowly, hoping she could read sincerity in my eyes. I want to, but he wont, because he gave you his word long before I ever met him. And it sucks, but I can live with it, because I know how important Caroline is to him, and so do you. He doesnt love you. So suck it up and move on. And let him see his kid. Hes damn well earned it.
With that, I pulled open the door and stomped through the waiting area, then out the front door.

***

Hey, where have you been all day? Noah said, the second I walked in the door.
Running errands. Why? 
He pulled me close for a kiss, and I kissed him back, trying to pretend I didnt know why he looked so happy. So relieved. 
I have news he whispered into my ear, and I pulled my cell from my pocket and made a production of checking for voicemail.
I dont have any messages.
I wanted to tell you in person. His eyes practically sparkled. The cops called this afternoon. All the charges were dropped.
All of them? Thats amazing! But obviously I was a better negotiator than I was an actress.
Noah frowned, studying my expression. Was that you? One of your errands?
Maybe I gave him a coy smile on my way to the coffee table, where I set a bag of tacos on the table. Hungry?
For so many things He pulled me close again, and I twisted in his embrace to face him, then slid my arms around his neck.
Well then, lets see how many appetites we can satisfy in one night. Im gonna suggest we start with actual food, though, because Im starving.
Oh, fine. I guess youve earned it.
Ive earned more than that, I said with a quick nibble on his ear lobe, and Noah groaned, then followed me to the couch.
We were two tacos and half an episode of American Voice into the evening when Noahs phone rang. He frowned when he saw Pipers name on the screen, but my pulse began to race. Id either fixed things, or made them infinitely, irreparably worse.
Sorry. He paused the DVR, then answered the phone, and I realized that no matter what, for the rest of his life hed always have to take her calls, in case something had happened to Caroline.
Id have been fine with that, if he actually got to see his daughter.
Hello, Noah said into his phone, and Piper started talking immediately. I couldnt understand what she was saying, but she was saying it fast. And it sounded like she might be crying.
Wait, slow down he said, and when I heard a sniffle, my chest began to ache. Had something happened? Was Caroline okay?
Are you serious? Noah stood and started to pace, and I watched him, trying to decide whether he was horrified or astonished. Dont mess with me, Piper. Please dont mess with me toni
Seriously? Tomorrow? He turned toward me, phone still held to his ear, eyes as wide as the full moon. Yes, Ill be here. He hesitated, then closed his eyes. Allie will be here too.
She said something else I couldnt hear, and Noahs mouth actually opened in surprise.
Thats when I started to smile.
Okay, yes. We will. And thank you, Piper. He listened for another second, then said goodbye, pressed a button, and tossed his phone onto the pile of clean laundry in the armchair. Shes bringing Caroline over in the morning. Shes giving me three weekends a month, and every other week in the summer. Starting next week.
Noah squeezed me so tightly I could hardly breathe. He buried his face in my hair and for a second, neither of us moved. We just lived in that moment of triumph.
Just like that? I said, when he finally let go.
No, not just like that. She said you came to see her. What the hell did you say to her, Allie?
I shrugged, grinning from ear to ear. I still couldnt believe it had worked. We just had a girl chat. The kind where I spoke the truth and she came to understand that she was being selfish and vindictive, and that that isnt the kind of mother Caroline deserves. Sohappy? I asked, and he picked me up in both arms.
Thrilled. Relieved. Thankful. Youre beyond amazing. 
Hardly. I clung to him, loving how hard every dip and plane of muscle felt beneath my hands. I just have a lot of karmic ass-kissing to do, and I figured Id start by trying to fix the fixer.
Im the fixer? He looked surprised, but I nodded.
Thats what you do best. Second best, I corrected, as scorching memories flooded me with a delicious heat.
His voice dropped into an intimate whisper, and his next words were said against my neck, sending chills the length of my body. Speaking of which, theres more.
More? I hadnt bargained for anything more. But when he carried me into the bedroom, I understood.
No more celibacy club. She said that if I care about you half as much as you obviously care about me, she didnt have to worry about me man-whoring in front of our daughter. Or some kind of bullshit like that.
No more man-whoring? I swiped the back of one hand across my forehead. She and I share similar interests there. Maybe we should get something in writing.
Ha ha. He laid me on the bed, and I squirmed out of my clothes while he stripped, and for a second, I could only stare. Id seen him naked in the shower, but there was something different about seeing him naked in his bedroom. Standing next to the bed. Looking at me with so much heat in his eyes that my insides threatened to combust.
Intent. 
It was all about the intent. Before, I could look, but knew there would never be much more than that, because he didnt trust his own control. I knew I could never truly have him, so seeing him without his clothes was always as much frustration as anything else.
But now
Now I could have him. All of him. 
Of course, the reverse was true as well.
Hurry! I squealed, and Noah laughed, but he was there in an instant, already hard, and hot, and as visibly eager as I was. His hands were everywhere, and his mouth was everywhere else, stroking, squeezing, flicking, playing, tasting, driving me mad with need. 
Noah I groaned, and his head appeared above mine, while my hands roamed over his ribs and down his back. Lower Hinting
Not having fun? We could go back to the tacos.
Not what Im saying. I love every bit of it. Butmore. I need more.
His grin was evil as his head sank and his tongue forged a trail of fire from one nipple to the other, then down my stomach, dipping lowerdeeper
Nooooaaah. I moaned, and he licked harder faster, his hands spreading my thighs wider. Dont get me wrong. Thats I gasped as his tongue found exactly the right rhythm, and suddenly I couldnt form clear words. Good. Thats so good. But
But what? he murmured from between my thighs, and just his breath brushing over my most sensitive parts made me wriggle, desperate for more. So much more.
Noah. Fuck me. Please
Oh, thats definitely gonna happen. But you have to earn it first.
Want me to? I reached for him, but he pushed my hands back toward the mattress. 
Lie back and relax. Then his mouth was too busy for speech and that was okay, because Id forgotten how words worked anyway. 
He licked, and teased, and stroked, and my entire world spiraled into one infinite crest of pleasure, buildingbuildinguntil the whole thing spilled over, and I couldnt even recognize the sounds coming out of my own mouth. 
Noah groaned and crawled over me, kissing a trail up my body while the last echoes of my orgasm rolled through me like aftershocks in the wake of an earthquake. She said something else, Allie.
Who? We were we talking about something? I couldnt remember much before his tongue had ushered in the implosion of the entire fucking universe. 
Piper.
What? I frowned and pulled his head up so that I could look into his eyes. I dont think youre supposed to talk about your ex in
She said youre in love with me.
I blinked, stunned, and when my eyes opened again, he was still staring down at me. Watching. Waiting. 
Are you in love with me, Allie?
The question was so unexpected that at first I had no answer. 
Then the answer was just there. And it was the truth. Unfiltered. Unassailable. Undeniable.
Yes. I love you. And if saying pretty things will get me fucked any sooner, Id be happy to elaborate. I love your body. All of it. The whole thing. I love that youre true to your word, and you expect the same from everyone else. I love how willingly you come to my defense. I love that for two years, you had no sex, yet ate endless tacos, and you dont see any humor in that at all. 
Noah laughed, but I wasnt done.
I love your tongue, and your hands, and your
His smile sent heat straight down my spine to burn in all the right places. Now youve earned it. He reached around me and pulled a condom from the bedside table drawer. The wrapper crinkled as he ripped it open, and a second later he was back. Noah dropped a kiss beneath my ear and wrapped my left leg around his waist. 
My right leg followed on its own, and he slid into me in one long, smooth thrust. Noah groaned, and for a moment, neither of us moved. We shared that moment and held it. We held onto it, and onto each other, and if the whole world had crumbled around us in that instant, I dont think either of us would have noticed.
Then he began to move, sliding slowly in and out of me. I rose to meet him with each stroke, straining for that delicious, recurring friction, and he found just the right spot everysingletime. 
My pleasure built with the tempo, and soon I was clutching him, pulling him deeper, and Noah moaned as he ground into me, obliging us both. When I got close again, I pushed on his shoulder and clasped my ankles around him. Noah wrapped one arm around me and rolled onto his back, accommodating my wordless request.
I sat up and tossed my hair over my shoulder, then gripped the top of his headboard for stability. Noah groaned when I lifted myself off himnot quite all the waythen sank around him again. And again. And again. I rode him, taking control of the rhythm and the depth, and he clutched my hips, guiding me, showing me his favorite angles and speed.
Finally I bit my lip and closed my eyes, one hand on his chest, the other still gripping the headboard, and he sat up enough to capture my nipple in his mouth, supporting my breast with one hand. His tongue teased me while his hand clutched my hip, and I gasped as the world fell apart around meagainin an explosion that reverberated throughout my entire body.
Noah cried out my name, thrusting hard and fast, and I clenched around him, grinding out every last second of the pleasure rocking us both in sync.
When it was over, I lay on his chest, still tight around him, and ran my hands over him, marveling that I was allowed to touch him whenever I wanted. Unsure Id ever be able to stop.
His arms wrapped around me and he spoke into my hair, as his cock jerked inside me with the last twitches of his orgasm. I love you, too, Allie.
Damn. Took you long enough, I said, and he chuckled, then pulled me closer.
I wanted to show you first.
Oh. Okay then, well done. I pushed his head to the side and caught his earlobe between my lips. Noah?
Yeah?
Show me again.


###

A Letter From Payge Galvin:

Dear Readers,
Thank you so much for reading Unfiltered & Untouched! I hope you love what youve seen so far. Theres so much more to come! Next is Unfiltered & Unveiled in August 14, 2014 followed quickly by Unfiltered & Undecided September 14, 2014.
Already in love with UNFILTERED? Drop by our website (www.unfilteredbooks.com) and sign up for our newsletter to keep up on all things Rio Verde! 
If you swooned for this book, the best way to help us keep our series alive is to review it. Anywhere! Even a few words are so appreciated! It makes a bigger difference than you think.
Lastly, with so many co-authors, theres always something fun to read online! Please go to our website www.UnfilteredBooks.com to find our Twitter handles, Tumblrs, and personal websites. 

Thanks Again! 

Payge

Acknowledgements


