The Engagement Game
by A. Gardner
Copyright  2012 A. Gardner

The Engagement Game is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents are either products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
All rights reserved.

License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Author Email: gardnerbooks@yahoo.com

www.gardnerbooks.blogspot.com

Also by the Author:

THE ENGAGEMENT GAME
THE ENGAGEMENT SCAM
ENGAGED TO AN EX


To my husband, my best friend.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
A Preview of The Engagement Scam


How To Marry A Billionaire
Book One

Chapter One


I was screwed from the beginning when Chad casually twisted the corner of his mouth, pretending to look for his wallet. He blushed when I graciously offered to pay, assuring me this type of thing never happened. I should have considered that night a red flag, but the way his hazel eyes caressed the edges of my cheek made me blind. I told myself it was okay. Lots of strong, independent women paid for dinner on a first date. It was an amendment to the twenty first century dating guide.
Fast-forward a year later and I moved in with the guy. I was eighteen, fresh out of high school, and I'd been promoted to Assistant Manager at a Tans, Tans, Plus! Chad got into UCLA. My cards were stacking up nicely. Until three months later when I checked our mailbox. My eyes skimmed through a few grocery ads before stopping at an official letter from the Dean's Office. Chad never showed up for class on the first day of school. He had a whole lot of loan money that needed to be paid back.
"You opened my mail?" he screamed.
"Yeah, I opened your mail. Sue me. You've been lying to me for the past three months!" Immediately my brain added the words - maybe longer. "Now you have a bunch of debt to pay back."
"Uh." The blank stare. The fiddling fingers. The subtle twist at the corner of his mouth. 
He already spent the freakin' money!
"You spent it all, didn't you?" I pointed my finger at him. Finger pointing was on my list of things I said I would never do. My mom did that. Chad forced me to be a girl I didn't want to be.
"Uh." 
Another uh. 
How intelligent. 
Holly was right. 
We should have parted ways after date one, but he was a way better kisser than Mikey Higby. I was a sucker for full lips and minimal drool.
The next day Chad and I split up but I wasn't rid of him yet. A month later I got the call. My credit card was over limit and how would I like to pay for it? 
Credit card? What credit card?
"That bastard," Holly seethed while I cried over a pint of mint chocolate chip ice cream. "He blows his tuition money and opens a credit card in your name to pay it back. Then leaves? Bastard."
"Is that all you can say?" I managed to force out the sentence through sniffles.
"Dick head. I could say more."
I shook my head, grateful she'd refrained from using the words I told you so. 
Holly never had a problem saying what she thought. Being the gorgeous blonde that she was, she never had to watch her mouth. A perk of pilates and religious moisturizing, as she put it.
The two of us were like Barbie and Teresa. Holly was Barbie of course. She had the look, the smile, and was annoyingly perfect at everything . . . except tennis. I was the dark-haired friend who wore blue instead of pink.
I was twenty thousand dollars in the hole, broke, and single.
"I can't believe I wasted my entire senior year on . . . him."
"Hun," Holly handed me a tissue. "First, unless you're going for a goth sort of look wipe that mascara off your face. And second, the signs were all there." 
Signs? 
Who has time to see the signs when they're knee deep in teenage hormones and Alanis Morissette angst?
"I swear. I'll never ignore the signs again."
That was the night Holly and I made a pact. We would move away, get better jobs, party through our twenties, and never settle for less than ten figures.
Now here I am, a twenty-nine year old geriatric nurse living in San Francisco watching my kid sister's college roommate get plastered at her engagement party.
"Wow," Leah comments. She rests her elbow on a mint-colored silk table cloth. "So limber." She snidely smiles as her roommate bends so low, her new in-laws to be get a look at her Victoria's Secret panties.
"Shouldn't you do something, Sis?"
"Eh." Leah tosses a strand of long caramel hair over her bare shoulder, the same hair color as mine. "Jenna left me hangin' when Bobby Nortsen asked for my number last week." I raise an eyebrow. Letting my quizzical stare wander to the glowing paper lanterns hanging from the ceiling. They are meant to look like stars. "I was wasted. And instead of taking down his number for me and dragging me outside, she let me linger like an idiot until I eventually puked on his brand new hiking boots."
"Right." I nod. 
The ties of sisterhood. Everyone keeps score. 
I size up the groom, catching Leah's attention in the process.
"Kat," she rolls her eyes. My little sister is more than familiar with the rules, having gotten a good taste of them when she brought home a guy with grass-stained Levi's for Sunday dinner.
"What?"
"Fine." Her thumbs move to her cell phone. She can't stay off it for more than a minute. Which is why she once used LOL in a psychology paper. My response to her rant about nearly failing was LMAO. "What's your take on Keith?" My eyes move from the shine on his leather shoes to the edges of his suit coat. Specially tailored.
"He smiles crooked."
"I know," Leah agrees. "It took me awhile to figure out why Jenna likes him so much." She cups her hand over to mouth to hold in a snigger. "It's the size of his-"
"Pocket book," I finish. My eyes go wide as I look to the table of elderly seniors next to us. Leah shrugs, not really concerned about being polite.
"Actually I was going to say package."
I hit my forehead with the palm of my hand and adjust the hem of my charcoal pencil skirt. I take a final sip of my wine and stand up when a distant once-over aimed in my direction forces me to sit back down. He is tan, gorgeous, and wearing Dolce. I run my fingers through my curled locks, wishing Holly was here to share the eye candy. Her ballet students have a dance recital. I got into nursing and she became a dance teacher. 
Hell, what am I saying? 
She would snag him from me in a heartbeat.
"Who is that?" I hide my flushed forearms. Leah grins, holding up her cell phone.
"That is Keith's cousin, Rex. Totally your type, Kat. His family owns a bunch of hotels in Europe or something." Score. The only problem is I suck at opening lines. After Chad, I spent my nights studying for clinicals. Nowadays, I spend most of my nights with the Lifetime Movie Network if Holly doesn't drag me out for a drink.
"Right," Leah clears her throat. "I'm gonna Google him." I put my hand up in refusal but my words don't object. It's not like I'm going to waltz up and introduce myself anyway. "He lives in London, has a French bulldog named Ozzy, and he's . . . single."
"Of course he is." I gently touch the rim of my wine glass as he flashes a pearly smile at his newly engaged cousin. He puts a hand in his suit coat, smoothing his perfectly gelled hazelnut hair. His leather shoes turn in my direction and before I can check the neckline of my blouse, I realize he's walking towards me.
I turn around, biting my lip and expecting to see a table of half-dressed Playboy models behind me. Nope. It's me. That or he wants to borrow the empty chair at our table. My chest goes tight, forcing me to hold my breath. 
Inflammation of the cheeks. Nice one, Kat.
"Hi," I hastily blurt out as soon as he is within earshot.
"Hi." His dreamy voice soothes my blazing skin. And that accent . . . "I'm Rex."
"I kn-" Leah clears her throat before I give away the fact that I had my little sister look him up online. "Kat."
"Leah," my little sister chimes in. I purse my lips as Rex turns his head and grins.
"Do you dance, Kat?"
"Sure." That is a lie. I attempt to dance. I can do slow but if a fast song comes on I usually break out an awkward sway. Holly is the dancer. She can grind her way into any man's checkbook.
Rex grabs my hand and pulls me to the dance floor. His fingers lace perfectly between mine. I step carefully in my black Christian Louboutins. Holly's styling tip - to attract the right men, look the part. They are expensive heels for a nurse's salary but worth the investment. They make my calves look slimmer.
I smile, giving Rex a glimpse of the dimple on my right cheek. The DJ starts playing Adele's"Someone Like You". 
Curled hair, romantic lighting, and a gorgeous guy. 
This is what prom is supposed to be like. Instead my prom was a nightmare, starting from the rip in my glittery turquoise gown to the ticket I got for holding Chad's liquor as he stumbled down Cherrywood Avenue.
"So how do you know Jenna and Keith?"
"Jenna is my little sister's roommate."
"That was your little sister?" he jokes.
"Exactly how old do you think I am?" I furrow an eyebrow. My serious stare makes him reach for his collar.
"I didn't mean-"
"I know." I smile. He chuckles and twirls me in a circle.
"Boyfriend?" he eagerly asks.
"No. You?"
"A boyfriend? I'm afraid not. Though I swear that ginger bloke at the bar winked at me once." He looks pleased to hear me laugh. His hand presses firmer on the small of my back. I stand up straighter, praying that I had flexed the muscles in my back at just the right moment to impress him. So far Rex is hitting everything on the checklist - nice teeth, stylish hair, expensive cologne, tailored suit. But there is still a question I haven't asked.
"Rex," I whisper close to his ear. "What do you do for a living?" He nods as if knowing that question was coming.  
"I work for my father. He owns a string of hotels that will hopefully be mine one day.  What about you, Kat?"
"I'm a nurse." I watch his casual upwards glance. He is picturing me in nurse's outfit. Guys and uniforms. I don't understand the fascination.
"Wow."
"Is that a good wow or a bad wow?"
"I'm just impressed that's all," he replies. There is nothing impressive about delivering food trays and collecting bedpans. I'm basically a glorified waitress who gets to shove needles in the customer's arm. I can still remember my first week of twelve-hour shifts at Harrison Memorial. That was the first week I gained a new respect for caffeine and comfortable shoes. "I pegged you as more of a . . ." He pauses.
"Nine to five girl?" I finish.
"Perhaps." His hand gently runs over the back of my blouse. My mind races through a series of fantasies, the main one being me as a London housewife with a chubby baby called Henry. I wave at the front door of our British mansion in a couture cocktail dress as Rex hops into the backseat of a Rolls Royce.
"I'm actually more interesting than I seem." Another lie. All I have time for is work, and when I'm not working or laughing with Holly at the gym I'm snapping pictures with my Canon Rebel.
"A wild child at heart. I had a feeling."
"What gave it away?" I tease. "The dragon tattoo on my neck? I knew I should've gotten it on my thigh. Much more conservative." Rex chuckles as his eyes skim the curve of my shoulder.
"Listen, Kat," he begins. The music stops and Rex loses his train of thought. He glances at his Rolex. "Bollocks. I have to go." 
My heart sinks.
"Meeting someone for drinks?"
"No." He shakes his head. "Charity auction."
"Well then," I smile, taking a small step back. Pulling away from his tight embrace is torture. "I wouldn't want you to be late."
"Of course," he agrees. He takes another look at the gleam in my amber eyes. "Can I ring you sometime?" 
My stomach flutters.
"Yes," I breathe. 
Ring me anytime.
He pulls out his phone and takes my number.
I am going to be thirty next year and I've spent years waiting for a man that meets all my criteria. A man who can take care of me and won't run off with my wallet. Rex is the guy I was starting to think didn't exist because the ones that do exist are always taken. I finally have a shot at a free one.
I sit next to Leah, still in a daze.
"Uh o-m-g," she mutters. "I would do just about anything for another look at that a-"
"Shhhhh," an elderly woman within earshot finally scolds her.

*          *          *

"I can't believe you met someone," Holly exclaims over the phone. "Has he called you yet?" I reach for a bottle of water in the fridge of my one bedroom apartment. In the ad, my landlord described it as cozy with historic charm. What he really meant was small with no place to fit a dining room table, but I made it my own as soon as I moved in. I had the walls repainted, the wood floor refinished, and I even talked my landlord into investing in a new sink. The old one was barely deep enough to fit all my cereal bowls.
"It's 1 a.m."
"Right."
"And I have to work in the morning," I add.
"So you won't be joining Leslie and me for drinks tomorrow? Oh wait. You'll probably have plans by then." The excitement in her voice almost matches mine.
"You really think he'll call that fast?"
"I would," she giggles.
"Why are you laughing?"
"No reason." The tone of her voice shifts near the end of her sentence. A dead giveaway that she's lying. 
The first time she lied to me was in grade school when I sent a note to a freckled boy named Bryan at recess. It was one of the gutsiest things I had ever done. Do you like me? Check yes or no. He checked no. Holly didn't have the heart to deliver it. Instead she forged a new one that made me smile rather than cry. It was a little white lie to spare my feelings, but a week later she decided that she liked Bryan too. I insisted that she choose someone else. "We'll let him decide," she said. She already knew what his answer would be.
"You're such a liar," I taunt.
"No," she lies again.
"Whatever." I take a sip of water and head to my bedroom. I neatly place a row of beige throw pillows next to my dresser. "I'm going to bed."
"Okay," she sniggers again. I shake my head and then the thought occurs to me. 
The nervous giggling. 
Answering on the first ring at one in the morning. 
The unusual can-do attitude at such a late hour. 
I let my jaw drop.
"Holly Ann Cates," I recite. "You met someone too, didn't you?"
"I didn't want to kill your moment." She yawns. "I'll tell you about it tomorrow."
"It is tomorrow," I remind her.
"Whatever."
"I only have one question," I reply. She knows what I am going to say next. Holly is well aware of the rules, having made up most of them herself.
"Yes," she immediately answers. "He qualifies." 

Chapter Two


Dr. Saxten is a perv. It's a good thing we only cross paths once a week, sometimes not at all. He always flashes a twisted smile and acts as if my eyes are further down than physically possible. Like me and every other nurse on the second floor don't notice it.
His eyes skim the top of my scrubs. Scrubs. The most unflattering items of clothing next to adult footie pajamas and corduroy overalls. He nods with an annoyingly bouncy brow. I force a half smile and pretend to read the chart in my hands.
"How was the party?" he asks.
"Great," I politely respond. Asking me about my weekends is becoming a regular thing and thank heavens for Sadie's advice. I might have been coaxed into an uncomfortable perv date if it wasn't for her. "I don't care if it's true or not," she once said between bites of her poppy seed bagel. "Unless you want to chit-chat-smack-smack with Dr. P, always say you have plans. Always."
"A bit hung over today?" he winks. I cringe like I've tasted something sour. "Don't worry. I won't go reporting you to HR." I smile in reply as he pauses for a brief second. 
The longest second of my day. 
Is he expecting a song of gratitude or something? 
I take a huge breath.
"Have a nice day, Doc," I mumble. I speed walk down the hall to check on one of my regulars - Earl. A sweet elderly man with prostate cancer.
"Knock knock." I quietly push open the door to find Earl beaming in his hospital bed. His white hair is matted like he has had a rough night. "I come bearing meds."
"Oh bless you, Katherine." He scratches the side of his nose, pushing away a tray of half eaten oatmeal and crumbled up toast.
"Earl," I raise an eyebrow."What's this? Are you skipping meals again?"
"Eh," he waves a bony hand. I hand him his meds and watch while he swallows. "I don't really like the stuff."
"Eat it anyway. I don't want you to spend the day with an upset stomach."
"That's exactly what I told him," a firm voice chimes in from the corner. Earl's son, Jack, looks up from his paper. He runs a hand through his dirty blond hair and rubs his scruffy face. "Didn't I Pop?" Earl rolls his eyes.
"This one needs more medication than I do." He jokingly gestures at his son.
"Love you too Dad," Jack replies. "Nice to see you again Kat."
"Jack." I nod, keeping my gaze far away from the firm bulkiness under his t-shirt. I busy myself by recording a few things in Earl's chart.
"So," Jack continues. "Did you work over the weekend?" There it is. The small talk - Jack's way of buttering me up before the teasing begins. I ignore him and proceed to ask Earl a few questions.
"Are you still having trouble sleeping, Earl?" I make another note.
"Okay," Jack chuckles.
"Can't you see she's busy," Earl scolds.
"Yeah. She is now." He turns the page of his newspaper and leans forward in his chair. The tip of a black tattoo covering his shoulder becomes visible.
"Calm down both of you," I tease. I head for the door. "I'll see if I can get you something else to eat, okay." I smile as I leave the room, hearing a pair of boots thump behind me.
"Kat," Jack says, following me down the hall. My face comes up to his chest. "Can I ask you something?"
"I told you Jack," I automatically respond. "I'm really busy and I don't have time to-"
"Relax," he laughs. "You think I would ask you again after you burned me twice?" I would be lying if I said Jack isn't pleasing to look at, and he has a weird way of keeping Earl calm despite the hell he is going through. But Jack is a walking red flag - a sexier Chad. For one, his jeans have a rip in the knee and sometimes he smells like he spent the night on the floor of a frat house. Jack doesn't qualify. He fails on all counts.
"I don't know. I've learned it isn't safe to assume anymore." He bares an imperfect grin.
"A doctor came in this morning. He looked through Dad's chart, shook his head, and left."
"Well it could have been a number of-"
"No, Kat," he gently touches my arm. "This time was different." I bite my lip. I have a hunch and hope it's totally wrong. Earl is in his seventies, and losing strength. My heart sinks but I keep a friendly face. I'm pretty good at that. Jack follows me to the nearest computer and anxiously waits for me to pull up Earl's records. I glance through a few notes, finding the comments made this morning. My chest pounds.
"Jack," I say softly. "Why don't you join me in the cafeteria for a coffee?" I glance at a nearby clock. I have time for a quick break.
Jack and I stride down the hall side by side. Jack's arm is inches from mine. I take steady breaths, wondering how I'm going to tell him the news. I normally don't have much trouble. Delivering bad news isn't a foreign concept to me, but Jack and Earl are different. As weird as it is to admit to myself, I'm attached to them. I let myself fall prey to the playful teasing and family stories. That and it isn't often that I actually care for a patient who cares back. Earl is one of few.
Hallway chatter buzzes through my ears and I remember my first time meeting Jack. It was about six months ago. . . 


I sat at an empty table in the hospital cafeteria with my morning yogurt. Next to me was a table with a missing chair and a deserted gym bag. After glancing around for a few minutes I opened the bag and sifted through a few items of sweaty clothing and a Robert Jordan novel. I curiously pressed the on button of an ipod nano in an armband case. The last song played was by a local indie band I actually liked. 
I was intrigued.
"You know I could call the cops for that," a voice startled me. I looked up to see an unshaven face, entrancing blue eyes, and a pair of solid biceps.
"Sorry," I blushed. "I was just looking for some kind of identification."
"In my underwear?"
I looked down to see that my hand had innocently wandered to navy blue briefs. My entire arm recoiled.
"Maybe," I replied. "Some boys still write their names on the inside of their underwear, don't they?"
"Only ones that live with their mom."
Check number one. He didn't live with his parents.
"I'm Kat," I said, reaching out a hand.
"Jack. So you're a nurse?"
"Wow . . . lucky guess?"
"Actually," he chuckled - a deep throated chuckle followed by an imperfect smile. "The scrubs gave it away." 
"Right." I nodded, wondering how many more ways I could make a fool of myself.
"How long have you worked here?"
"Since finishing school," I answered. 
"Do you like working here?"
"I have good days and bad days but for the most part, I love Harrison Memorial." 
"I can tell." He smiled again, this time glancing at the swirly curl next to my cheek. I tucked the strand behind my ear. "My grandma was a nurse."
"That's pretty hard core."
I laughed, nearly dropping a dollop of mixed berry yogurt all over my top. "She was."
"Was?"
"Yeah," I quietly responded. "She's not around to make me ham, cheese, and potato chip sandwiches anymore."
"Interesting combo," Jack chuckled again. "I'll have to try that."
"It's a great remedy for a crappy day," I added. I bit my lip, looking at the clock on the wall. Jack glimpsed over his shoulder.
"Oh," he commented. "I don't want to keep you."
"I was just taking a ten minute time out." I fiddled with the cup of yogurt in my hand. I was stalling. I had only known Jack a couple minutes but I was eager to see him again when my clothes didn't smell like rubbing alcohol.
"How much time do you have left? Don't tell me I caught you at minute nine?"
"Five minutes," I smiled.
"I only get five minutes to convince you to go out with me?"
My stomach fluttered. But as soon as my cheeks went pink, Holly's voice boomed in my head. All the signs were there. I shrugged. "You could start by telling me more about you."
"What do you want to know?"
"Ever been to prison?"
"Jumping right into the personal stuff," he nodded. "No, I haven't." Another check. No criminal record. Unless he was really good at lying.
"Are you a San Franciscan?"
"I'm from Seattle," Jack answered.
"Do you live alone?"
"No," he replied. I didn't like where this was going - as long as he didn't say aunt, grandma, or totally chill cousin. "It's me and Nikki."
"I guess I should've prefaced with the obvious," I added. "Do you have a girlfriend, fianc, wife, or secret family somewhere in Iowa?"
"Not Iowa," he joked.
"Sounds ridiculous but you would be surprised what-"
"Nikki is my dog," he interrupted. Check number three. He wasn't a moocher. One question left and he'd be first date material. Though I would have a hard time convincing Holly it was okay if he had zero potential instead of ten. A first date wasn't an engagement.
"I guess I just have one question left then."
"Smooth sailing so far," he muttered.
"What do you do for a living?"
Jack's eyes drifted to the side. 
No immediate response.
"I'm kind of in between projects right now," he finally answered. I sighed, knowing what that really meant. He was unemployed. I looked down at his mud-stained shoes and spotted a small stain on his pants. 
Red flag!
"Care to be more specific?" Maybe if I gave him another chance to explain?
"It's a complicated situation at the moment." 
Damn.
"Time's up." I stood up, looking at the clock.
"Well," he smiled. "When can I see you again?"
"Maybe another time," I let him down gently. Jack frowned.
"I promise I -"
"I'm going to stop you right there," I interrupted. "I'm not really looking for a relationship right now."
Lie.
"What about a good time?"
"I'm really late now, sorry." 
Another lie. 
My foot kicked a wall as I headed to the second floor. I was starting to think the guy I was looking for didn't exist. Holly and I had worked hard to find men who complied with the rules. Holly had come close once. Okay twice. The score was zero to two - Holly. I remember sifting through charts, trying to shake the deep blue of Jack's eyes from my memory. It wasn't an easy task. But after a run in with Dr. P, I was back to my usual self. 
Boring, single, and dreading my thirtieth birthday even though it was over a year away.
I lightly knocked as I opened a patient's door with a cup of meds in my hand. It had been a long day already and all I wanted to do was curl up on the couch and watch reruns of Friends.
"Hello Earl," I greeted the elderly man in the hospital bed. "I've got some medi . . ." 
My eyes drifted to the corner of the room where a man sat wide-eyed.
"What was that dear?" Earl asked.
"Your medicine." I handed him the cup and watched him swallow.
"Thank you," Earl replied. I nervously swallowed as Jack watched me write in his father's chart.
"Kat," Jack finally spoke.
"Do you two know each other?" Earl looked a little confused. I looked in Jack's direction just as he winked.
"Nope," I blurted out. Jack laughed.
"She turned me down, Pops."
"Well good for you," Earl said, squeezing my arm. I smiled. "He can barely heat up a can of chicken noodle soup." 
That was the moment I knew I liked Earl and his blunt sense of humor.


I sit at the same table where Jack and I first met. Jack glances around.
"I thought we were having coffee?"
"Look," I whisper. "I'm just going to say it. It doesn't look good."
"How bad is it?" Jack's expression softens. He leans in closer, waiting for an explanation.
"The cancer spread." I look down at the table as my heart pounds. Pressure starts to build behind my eyes. It's almost like delivering news to family.
"Like okay we can manage spread, or start calling the family spread?" Jack's eyes glisten as he clasps his hands together. He takes a breath, and then his expression hardens. "Well, we all knew this day would come. I just didn't think it would be today."
"Jack-"
"It's okay," he continues. "Thank you for telling me, Kat. Pop looks forward to your visits. You've been extremely kind to him all this time." The pressure behind my eyes grows stronger. Before I can bring myself to say something more reassuring, Jack gets up and drags his feet down the hall. I wipe away a tiny tear that manages to escape.
I compose myself, speed walking out of the cafeteria . . .
"Kat?"
My eyes widen and my chest freezes. Turns out Holly's prediction wasn't far off.
"Rex? What are you doing here?"
"Dropping off a check," he shrugs. "I made a donation." He glances at my uniform with a surprised look on his face. My mind wanders to our conversation the night before. Charity thing. Of course. "So this is where you work?" He nods, walking closer. He slips a hand in his suit pocket - a more casual looking suit but still a suit.
"Yep," I giggle. "This is it." Rex checks his Rolex.
"Well listen," he begins. "My meeting tonight was canceled, what are you doing for dinner?" I open my mouth but nothing comes out until I imagine myself in a tight dress and six inch heels.
"Just a date with leftover fettuccine," I joke. Rex flashes a pearly white smile. "But if something better came along . . ."
"Like fresh lobster tail that hasn't even been caught yet?"
"Like that," I agree.
"Perfect." He pulls out his phone. "What's your address? I'll have a car pick you up at seven." I bite the side of my cheek, a little embarrassed to give it to him. Compared to him I live in a shack with a dirt floor.
"I'll meet you," I improvise. "Your office is downtown I assume?" 
Rex nods.
"You are always full of surprises." 

Chapter Three


"You won't believe what I'm doing right now," I beam over the phone.
"Getting ready for a date?" Holly guesses.
"Okay, maybe you can guess." I stare at my reflection, adding another layer of peach lip gloss before realizing this is my fourth coat. My caramel hair hangs past my shoulders in loose curls and my lids are a dark gray. "What do you think? Boob boosting dress I can't breathe in or super tight jeans that make my bum look rounder than it really is?"
"That depends on where he's taking you," she responds.
"He didn't say. He was wearing a suit when I saw him. I don't know if he's going to show up casual or dressed like he does for work."
"What a second . . ." Holly pauses. Probably to carefully think of a compromise that is both formal and easy to move in. "He showed up at the hospital?" Or maybe not.
"Not to see me. But he did see me . . . and ask me out."
"Wait, did he purposely come to see you or was it fate?"
"Fate," I admit. I study my hair for the twelfth time before pacing back and forth in front of my two options. One dress is ruby red and the other is an ocean blue. My fingers touch the shiny fabric of the red dress. I grip the phone tighter. "Red or blue?"
"Louboutins." Holly laughs.
"That doesn't help me. Of course I'm going to wear my Louboutins."
"No, I mean just wear Louboutins." She laughs again.
"It's not that kind of date, Holly." If anyone were to show up at a man's door in nothing but expensive heels and a trench coat it would be Holly.
"Not yet."
"Don't you have a date of your own to worry about?"
"Uh," she sighs. "Not until next week." She always loathes admitting defeat.
"Hmmm. Maybe you should take your own advice and show up in a trench coat."
"Nah," she jokes. "That only worked the one time." She giggles. "He's a busy man. A very busy man."
"Sounds like we need to have a chat. Lunch tomorrow?"
"Yeah, but don't talk me into ordering tiramisu again. Last time I was bloated all day."
"More for me," I reply. "You still haven't answered my question. Red or blue?"
"A man would tell you red, but a woman would tell you blue."
"Is that supposed to be some kind of riddle? It sucks."
"It's my answer."
"What would Holly tell me?"
"Bag the billionaire, girl." I hear her thumb through clothes in her closet. "See you tomorrow. I want every detail. Even the dirty ones." I roll my eyes but my hand moves to the red dress.
"I'll keep a journal." I hang up and hold up my outfit for the evening - a ruby red dress that makes it impossible for me to eat anything more than a few bites. I slide the dress over my head and hold my breath. I dash to my full-length mirror to make adjustments. If only Holly and Leah could see me now. 
I throw on my coat and grab my black Chanel bag - another item that Holly insisted I invest in. All the way to my car my heart pounds and my throat dries up. I take a few slow breaths to steady my heart rate. Maybe I should have let his driver pick me up?
My car winds up and down the hills of downtown. I can see the pier in the distance amidst the orange sky. I look down at a crumbled piece of paper with the address, unable to concentrate as my stomach does somersaults. I'm here. No more thinking. No more strategizing. I pull into a parking garage and stall as I pass a row of empty spots.
"He already likes you," I say out loud. "You wouldn't be here if he wasn't into you . . . unless this is a pity date." I gulp as I finally park my car. "Stop it, Kat. This isn't a pity date. Just . . . do what Holly would do." My brain jumps to the time Holly once danced on a bar our freshmen year of college just to get a guy and his trust fund buddy to look our way. "Maybe not that ambitious." My thoughts go fuzzy and I can barely think. I am not good at this sort of thing.
"Visualize it," I reassure myself. In high school, Coach Simms made me close my eyes and imagine myself scoring a goal before every game. It worked most of the time, but mostly because Chad used to shout my name from the bleachers. He used to joke that he would take me out for every goal I scored. One particular game I scored four. I paid for two of those dates and I'm pretty sure Chad's mom paid for the rest. Why the hell did I waste my time with that guy? 
Oh yeah . . . teenage hormones.
With a level head, I step out of my car. I dressed the part, studied my prey, and worked out a strategy. It's game time.

*          *          *

Rex's eyes can't hide his thoughts when I walk past his secretary and into his office. Windows make up most of the walls and a pair of leather sofas sit next to a mahogany coffee table. Rex's workplace was definitely designed by a professional. Unless Rex's hobby is interior design? But I don't know many straight men who can color coordinate their walls, art decor, and accessories so seamlessly. I pretend to admire a giant porcelain vase in the corner because Rex can't stop staring at me. My blood pumps like the night before.
"Wow."
"Thanks," I respond. A subtle sigh of relief escapes my lips as I look at the tailored suit he wore earlier. I made the right choice.
"Are you ready for dinner?" He takes a few steps. His eyes remind me of two chocolate kisses and his brunette hair looks perfect along with his opalescent smile.
"Of course."
He escorts me out of his office where his secretary hands him a bundle of envelopes. There's a glisten of sweat on her bushy brow. "Save them for the morning, Ellen." She nods and adjusts her silver-framed glasses.
Downstairs, Rex opens the door to a black Bentley with tinted windows. I slide into the back seat and watch as his driver opens his door on the other side. My hand rests on the open seat between us, curious as to whether Rex will brush his hand against mine. 
He does. 
His warm hand lightly strokes the edge of my finger.
"You're going to love this," he grins.
"Really," I tease. "Because you know so much about me, huh?"
"I did a background check."
"One that informed you of my favorite foods, movies, color, etc?"
"I'm a powerful man," Rex replies. His casual chuckle eases the knot in my stomach. I sneak another glance at the cocoa perfection surrounding his pupils.
"Where are you taking me then? I'll tell you if you've made the right choice."
Rex looks intrigued as he processes my response - not the usual answer he is used to hearing I'm sure. The car stops at just the right moment and I'm escorted up the steps of a bustling restaurant occupying the space of what appears to be a historical seaside manor. The house is spectacular with antique floors and a brilliant chandelier in the entryway. I see a room full of quiet tables in a former study.
"Right this way, Sir." Our hostess leads us up the stairs to a private room. My eyes go wide when I see open French doors draped with silk curtains leading onto a candlelit terrace. A table is waiting with two place settings and a vase of yellow tulips.
"So," Rex comments. "Did I make the right choice?" We are just in time to see the sun disappear from the clear summer sky.
"Yes." I sit, adjusting the hem of my dress as drinks are being poured. "This is . . . perfect."
"See," he replies, taking a sip of wine. "Every once in a while I get something right." A waiter enters our private room and places a small salad plate in front of me. I eagerly eye the sliced tomato and candied walnuts. "I already arranged our meal. I hope you don't mind." Rex is charming, thoughtful, and sexy. Of course I don't mind.
"It's great," I answer. "Thank you." I place my napkin on my lap. "So tell me Rex, what do you when you're not . . . I don't know . . . doing this?"
"Actually," he takes a bite of salad. "I don't have much free time, believe it or not."
"I can imagine."
"I travel a lot." He grins before taking another bite of salad. "Not much time for a social life."
"I'm glad we ran into each other," I quietly reply.
"So Kat . . ." His eyes rest on the dimple on my right cheek. "Where do you see yourself in ten years?"
"An interview," I laugh. "I'm not sure I prepared for this." 
Or have had enough wine for this.
"I'm serious," he casually comments. "Let's jump right to the personal stuff. I'm always on a time crunch, remember?" I'm suddenly nervous and wonder how much jumping he intends on doing.
"Well-"
"And don't just tell me what you think I want to to hear." 
Dangerous request. 
I don't want to ruin my chances by blurting out that I want a husband. A rich husband. And a baby . . . or two . . . or three.
"Hmmm." I stall as long as I can, popping a tomato into my mouth. I come up with a quick solution that doesn't involve pouring out my secrets to Mr. Right. This being my first time on a date with a billionaire who is actually good-looking. 
There was Barry. He was bald and talked a lot. David - he smelled too much like an ashtray. Jefferson couldn't even lift his own fork. I never even told him I was a nurse. Basically I realized years ago that one day I would have to choose between the ease of having everything I wanted . . . and love.
Rex represents both. 
Love and money. 
Lust and money?  
Close enough.
"Where do you see yourself in ten years?" I cleverly respond. He nods.
"Married."
I practically choke on a chunk of cucumber.
"Really." My instinct is to look around for a hidden camera. No one freely admits that on a first date. 
No one. 
This is more of a fifth date confession.
"Yes." His voice is firm and unwavering.
"You're being sarcastic aren't you?"
"No." He wipes the corner of his mouth with a napkin. "Look, I realize this might seem a tad forward but-"
"You don't have lots of time," I finish. My stomach rolls into a knot.
"Exactly." He grins. "I've recently found myself in a bit of a dilemma." I can't imagine what type of dilemma a person like him could possibly be in. He seems to have it all. 
Seems. 
Who knows what might come out of his mouth next.
"What sort of dilemma?"
"The kind that could cost me billions." His chest rises a little quicker as he nervously eyes the way my fingers fiddle with my fork. The knot in my stomach tightens.
"Shoot," I mutter under my breath. "You're engaged?" I scoot my chair back.
"No." Rex waves a hand. "No, of course I'm not engaged."
"Then what?"
"My mum."
I twist my lips, wildly confused.
"My mum has had enough I'm afraid," he continues. "I've been given a deadline."
"For?" I know what he's getting at, but I need him to spell it out.
"Marriage," he softly replies. My jaw drops. "My father's company needs the promise of a prosperous future, and that means a continuing bloodline to pass on the business."
"So you need to get engaged by a certain date or your parents will . . ."
"Well," Rex sighs. "My mum hasn't exactly dissolved my inheritance or anything, but I have no doubt she will start with her horrid tricks when my deadline passes."
"Wow." But what I really mean to say is and you're asking me to marry into that?
"Yeah," Rex quietly breathes. "Sorry to spring this on you but I find myself having to speed things up and . . . well, I'm very fond of you, Kat." I blush, glancing down at my heels.
"Well," I gulp. "I would be lying if said I didn't feel the same way." I glance at the glowing color of his eyes. They lure me in, telling me I'm safe within the walls of this room. The knot in my stomach squeezes my insides and reminds me of an unknown detail. "Uh . . . sorry but I have to ask. When is your deadline?" Rex bites his lip as if hoping I would forget him mentioning that part.
"Three weeks."
A fall wedding. I never thought my chance at actually following through with the pact I made years ago would spring on me like this. Then again I didn't think I would ever lie awake at night stressing about the fact that I was going to be single on my thirtieth birthday either.
"Please say something," Rex clears his throat and studies my expression.
"You're joking." I smile uncomfortably, still waiting for a hidden camera man to jump out from behind the French doors. Rex shakes his head just as I discreetly pinch the side of my arm. A sharp pain shoots up my bicep. 
I am definitely awake.
"I'm afraid not." He takes a long sip of his wine. This is what I've been waiting for. What I dream about night after night. I can hear Holly yelling in my head. Who cares! Kiss him and seal the deal! I take a deep breath and compose myself, sneaking a glance at Rex's tan skin and perfectly wide set shoulders. I can be happy waking up next him every morning. Eating a handmade croissant from a delicate china plate for breakfast, and never having to pop and bandage a blister on the sole of my foot from a week of extra shifts.
"Okay," I respond. Rex's eyes go wide as he puts down his now empty wine glass.
"Okay?"
"Yeah, I said okay. If three weeks pass and you're still fond of me, I'll agree to an engagement." 
Now I am the one being forward.
"And you're sure you're okay with this?"
I sigh, standing up and gripping the railing on the terrace. The cool breeze does wonders for my burning cheeks. I'm not getting any younger and I'm not getting any richer. My savings account is pretty pathetic, as if that wasn't apparent by the size of my apartment. "It's not the traditional way of doing things, that's for sure. But yeah. I'm okay with this." 
Rex stands up. His spicy cologne wafts through my nose as he walks closer. My heart drums as I imagine the two of us engaged - toasting to each other at a lavish party complete with caviar and golden utensils.
"Honestly," Rex quietly remarks. "I was expecting one of two things." He smiles. "You tearing the piss out of me and storming off or me finding myself tangled in the arms of an obsessive psychopath."
"I take it you've had this talk with others before?"
"Perhaps," he chuckles. "But none with a three week time limit."
"You really think your mom will cut you off for something so silly?"
"Well." He moves his hand close to mine, making my breath quicken. "I have been sort of . . . procrastinating I guess. I've been busy."
"Rex," I swallow. "Just how long have you been on the hunt?" His face cringes a little.
"Awhile . . ." His gaze moves to the seaside view. I know that look better than anyone. 
Something is on his mind. 
Something important. 
There is something else he isn't telling me. I take a stab at it.
"Your mom thinks you're dating someone, doesn't she?"
Rex looks surprised.
"How did you-"
"Just a guess," I interrupt.
"Kat, my work is very important to me."
"Then explain that to your mom," I suggest. I tuck a strand of hair behind my ears. What am I doing? Trying to talk him out of the one thing I really want? But I can't help it. After Chad I became an expert advice giver. Though I'm crap at following my own words of wisdom.
"You don't know my mum."
"Right," I mutter. Rex is rich, suave, sexy, and overall perfect. It only makes sense that his family is insane.
"Listen, if this is too weird for you-"
"No," I say again. "I mean it is weird, but at least you had the guts to be completely honest up front. You are being completely honest, right?" The worried expression leaves his face allowing a soft laugh to escape his lips. "You don't have an ex-wife and baby too, do you?"
"Nope," he says, loosening his shoulders. "Now you know everything about me." His eyes move to bare skin on my neck. "Well almost everything." 
My pulse skyrockets as he leans in close. I'm surrounded by his scent. His arm tightens around my waist and all at once I can feel the blood pumping through my veins. His perfect lips explore the corners of my mouth. I close my eyes as he firmly kisses me. My chest rises and a warm tingle wraps itself around every muscle in my torso. Yes. I could be happy with Rex.
A flash of light breaks my trance and Rex pulls away, rushing inside.
"Bloody paps," he forcefully mutters. "Charles!" A man with giant arms and a frightening stare bursts in. I didn't notice him before which is probably a good thing since he gives me the creeps.
"Sir." His voice is deep.
"I thought our agenda was secure?" There is a tone in Rex's voice that demands the attention of everyone in the room.
"I'll look into it," Charles responds.
"Sorry darling." Rex squeezes my hand, bringing me back to the trance I found myself in while kissing him. Darling. The way he says it makes me blush for the thousandth time. "I was hoping for a romantic dinner with little to no interruptions. But the paparazzi is part of the deal."
"And the picture?"
"Yes," he clears his throat. "You might find yourself in the paper tomorrow." He hangs his head, but I pretend that I'm okay with it.
"A souvenir," I reply. Rex grins and his hand gently rubs my side. I'm about to dive headfirst into the world I'd only fantasized about. 
It's real now. 

*          *          *

"Tell me all about him." I take a sip of tea and watch Holly rub her shiny lips together. Her hair always falls perfectly over her shoulders and she always wears a pair of tight jeans or leggings to emphasis the fact that she's fit. Her lips are a dark pink today. They match the ballet flats she paired with skinny jeans and a pink blouse.
"What a second," she objects. "I'm still waiting on that journal you promised. Remember? Every. Single. Detail." She beams, forgetting about the plate of salad in front of her as she waves her hands. 
She always talks with her hands.
"If you want action I'll tell you right now. There was a kiss. Okay, two but that's it." Our goodbye was quick, especially since we couldn't go anywhere else without photographers watching our every move. That and Rex had an early morning meeting.
"Geez, Kat," she laughs. "I'm only curious. So . . . when are you seeing him again?" My brain is overloaded with all the details of last night.
"It's happening, Holly," I blurt out. My heart beats just as fast as it had when Rex kissed me. "I think I'm getting married." Holly gives me a curious look.
"Uh some clarification, K."
"Okay," I hesitate. "We sit down to dinner. Everything is perfect and then WHAM. He tells me if he's not engaged in three weeks, his inheritance goes out the window." Holly's eyes go wide before she covers her mouth to contain her laughter.
"Nice one," she giggles.
"I'm serious." I glance around the cafe, embarrassed by the scene she is making. She clutches her sides. I keep a straight face until her laughter slowly dies down.
"No." She leans in close. "Kat . . . this . . . I mean . . ." She shakes her head, unable to complete the sentence.
"I know," I whisper. "You think it's a load of bull?"
"This is . . . brilliant!"
"Huh?" I curiously watch as my best friend's mouth drops. "A month from now you could be married. To a billionaire."
"And a guy I just met," I add. "That doesn't worry you?" 
She tilts her head and grabs a piece of blond hair.
"It is what you wanted." She is right. Chad ruined me. My heart had been set on this and only this for years.
"I know," I respond. "It's just all happening so fast."
"Sometimes that's how life works." She finally looks down at her plate of salad, eyeing a specific bite. "Remember when I couldn't find work and then all in the same weekend three different studios offered me a job?" I nod. "And the time Nordy's sold out of those red Jimmy Choos? And then all of sudden they got a random shipment in just when Cheryl gave me a bonus at work?"
"Why do you always compare relationships to shoes?"
"I do not."
"Like nine times out of ten," I comment.
"Whatever." She forms the perfect bite on her fork - lettuce, cucumber, olive, and a bit of feta. "The point is." She takes a bite and quickly swallows. "The point is how do you know you weren't destined to meet this guy? I mean, can you see yourself being happy with him?" 
With a kiss like last night. Definitely.
"Possibly."
"And you've both established that marriage is the end goal?"
"Well, yeah."
"Then stop over-analyzing it," Holly practically scolds me. "Now, come on. Let's get back to what's really important here. Is he hot?" 
"Very," I reply. She sits up straighter in her chair. "But enough about me. Quit stalling and tell me what happened last weekend." 
She licks her lips.
"I met someone."
"Yeah you did. You've hardly been able to sit still."
"He's amazing, Kat," she beams. "He's everything I've been looking for. Everything."
"And you met at the recital?"
"Well after the recital." She takes a breath and forms another perfect bite of salad on her fork. "The recital was part of a charity thing and drinks were served afterwards."
"So on a scale of one to ten-"
"One hundred," Holly excitedly finishes. It has been a long time since I've seen her so excited about a guy. I raise my eyebrows.
"You slept with him already?" I whisper.
"Of course not," she immediately answers. "Geez Kat, I'm not a total slut." 
"So what happened?"
"We talked all night," she continues. "We exchanged numbers, but I couldn't stop thinking about him so I called him this morning." Gutsy as always. "We're meeting for coffee later."
"That explains the pink and extra blast of perfume."
"I'm not wearing this." She looks down at her clothes as if she's wearing muddy sweat pants.
"My mistake," I mutter. Who knows what she really thinks of the clothes I wear to work every day.
"I'm changing first." She picks up her phone, moving back to the subject of me and marriage. "So . . . tell me his name. I want to see a picture." She scrolls through news updates on her screen. Her finger stops and she stares at the wall behind me like she's in a trance.
"Holly?"
She looks up, biting her lip. She slinks back in her chair and sizes me up like she used to do to Judy Watkins in the sixth grade before a soccer game. "Holly," I repeat. "What's wrong?"
"Rex." 
"Yeah," I reply. "That's his name. Rex. How did you-"My question is answered as she turns her phone around and reveals the picture from last night with the headline hotel billionaire finally checks in. I can't help but look amused. "Oh that."
"Kat," she sighs. "We've got a problem."
"How big?" My stomach churns. I don't like where this is going. "Holly?"
"That's the guy," she finally says, throwing a hand in the air. "That's him."
"What? Wait do you know him or something?"
"No, Kat." Her jaw tenses as she tries to explain. "Rex is my guy."
"No," I shake my head. "See that picture there? He was my date last night."
"Kat! I'm meeting Rex for coffee in like an hour."
It finally clicks. My lungs feel like they might freeze up and shatter into a million pieces. 
I have to focus just to breathe.
"No," I mutter. My best friend is falling for the same guy. My guy. The guy I'd fantasized about marrying all night. The guy that took me for a romantic dinner then kissed me on the terrace. "How?" I wrack my brain trying to think of how Rex could have met Holly the same day he met me. "The charity thing your students performed at . . . that wasn't a hospital charity thing by chance?" A light bulb turns on in Holly's head. "Hell just froze over." Holly looks down at her salad. 
Silence.
Holly doesn't have to say it because I know she's thinking it. She doesn't want to back off, even though technically I have dibs. Once her mind is made up it's impossible to change. My heart sinks. It is either say goodbye to my perfect evening or lose Rex to the blonde goddess that happens to be my BF.
"Another good one gone," I mumble. Still nothing but silence. Would Holly give up her chance at marrying the man of our dreams to make me happy? Nope. "Maybe we should both just-"
"Unless," she finally speaks. I fold my arms, waiting for the dreaded but. 
"No. No. And no. If it involves some kind of scheme that will blow up in our faces than no way."
"Don't you want to know what kind of guy he really is?"
"He's the kind that will be engaged next month. To one girl. Emphasis on the one. So I take it you're still going to meet him later?" 
Holly twirls her hair. My chest heaves. Holly looks me in the eye, still with the look she used to give Judy Watkins before she crushed her team on the field.
"Before you lecture me," she begins. "Let's look at the facts."
"Holly-"
"Hold up." She waves her hand in the air. "I'm just doing what you normally do. Pointing out the obvious." 
I bite my tongue.
"This will be interesting," I mutter.
"First, you and I are both falling for him. Second, Rex passes the checklist with flying colors. Third, Rex needs a fianc like yesterday."
"Your point?" I add, trying not to let on that I'm not happy with the direction she's taking this. I'm not doing a very good job.
"I'm getting there. The point is why waste a perfectly good catch on something that happened by chance?" She takes another breath. "I mean, it's not like we've both been seeing him for months right?"
"So who's going to step down?" There's no way she's going to volunteer. I have no choice but to follow up with a blunt add on. "I'm not going to."
"You don't have to," she answers. I move in closer, intrigued by her answer. "We'll let Rex decide." 
My cheeks go scarlet. 
This is hardly fair. 
"Are you seriously suggesting we both waltz in like a couple of middle schooler's and demand that he picks one of us? Yeah. That'll work out nicely." 
"Of course not," Holly shakes her head. "Honestly Kat, sometimes I think you think I'm an idiot." I stay silent. She glares at me, then moves on. "We're not going to tell him. No way. We'll carry on like normal and eventually he'll have to choose one of us."
"Or neither of us," I mutter.
"Come on, Kat. That won't happen. Don't you think we all deserve a shot at happiness here?" 
I lean forward with a smirk on my face.
"What if he chooses me, not you?"
"No hard feelings," she immediately responds. 
I narrow my eyes. 
"I can see millions of ways this could play out horribly."
"I promise," she assures me. "If this starts to ruin our friendship then I'll walk away. But only if you promise to do the same."
"Duh." The last guy that came between us was Chad. Only because him and Holly didn't get along.
"So what do you say? Are you up for some friendly competition?" She lets a wide grin cover her face. My stomach goes sour. Holly doesn't like to lose and neither do I. My head is already spiraling out of control at the thought of losing Rex. Holly's sex appeal gives her an unfair advantage. My only edge is that I've already had my first date with him.
"Okay," I agree. Holly looks pleased. She glimpses at the time.
"I better get going."
"Right." My nerves tell me to follow her. 
Follow her and stalk her. 
Holly smiles and rushes off without finishing her lunch. I stare at her full plate of food and my half eaten sandwich. I'm going to have to kick things up a notch - push myself out of my comfort zone . . . and go on a diet. I stand up and grab my purse.
You want a fianc, Rex? You got it.

Chapter Four


My hands shake as I dial Rex's number, hoping to catch him before his meet up with Holly. I park my car in front of the grocery store, trying not to have a panic attack. My head is filled with horror scenes of Rex telling me he met someone else. My plan to hook him is a home cooked meal and me in heels and an apron. 
No body guards. 
No paparazzi. 
No phones. 
Just me and Rex. 
Ringing fills my ears.
"Kat." His voice is both alluring and nerve-wrecking. "Perfect timing. I just stepped out of the office."
"Rex." The tone of my voice goes up a notch.
"I want to apologize for yesterday," he responds.
"Then make it up to me." I rub my forehead, hoping his response will be a positive one.
"Go on."
"Have dinner with me," I say.
"This time I'll pick a better-"
"No," I interrupt. "My place." My chest pounds at the thought of Rex sitting in my plain, pathetic kitchen with a plastic plate. It isn't that impressive and nowhere near as fancy as Holly's loft, but it is the best I can do.
"Your place?"
"Yeah. I'll cook."
"Hmmm," he sounds interested. "I can't remember the last time someone made me a home cooked meal."
"So it's a date." I pause, waiting for Rex to confirm. My stomach feels like it is doing cartwheels.
"I have some free time on Friday." This brings me to my next point. Holly works fast. I dig my nails into my fist.
"What about tonight?" I clench my fists even tighter.
"Tonight?"
"I mean . . . why wait?" My nails are digging into my skin, I might have actually drawn blood. He collects his thoughts for a minute.
"Okay," he quietly replies. "Tonight. Your place. Charles will be in touch."
"See you then." I hang up, letting a giant breath escape from my lungs. 
Beat that, Holly.
My brain goes berserk again as I grab a cart as I head into the grocery store.  I walk down each aisle of the grocery store, hoping the perfect recipe will jump out at me. I mindlessly grab a few items.
"Hey, Kat." The sudden voice startles me and I jump. I place a hand on my hammering chest.
"Jack," I scold, hitting him firmly on the shoulder. His t-shirt is wrinkled but his dirty blond hair looks gelled for once. "What the hell is your problem?"
"Not the greeting I expected but I'll take it." He pushes his empty cart alongside mine. "Big night tonight?" His gaze settles on my cart. The one thing I did manage to grab was a few bottles of wine. Beyond that I can't concentrate.
"Actually yes. I have a date."
"I see," Jack grins. It is refreshing to see that he is back to his usual self, despite our last conversation.
"What?"
"Nothing."
"You're trying not to laugh," I frown. "Just say it."
"I'm not laughing." He bites his lip and follows me to the baking aisle. "That's great. Good news." 
I narrow my eyes.
"Instead of sarcasm why don't you be helpful for once?" I take a deep breath and stare at the baking chocolates. Jack grabs a bag of milk chocolate chips and tosses it in my cart.
"There," he grins. "Chocolate covered strawberries." 
I nod. 
"Are you making dinner?" he asks.
I nod again.
"That's if I ever figure out what to make."
"Nothing light or low carb," he teases. "Make something real. Something hearty. Guys like that." I shoot him a suspicious look. "I'm serious." 
I laugh. 
Jack forgot to mention that a hearty meal would also make my date sluggish. 
Too full to perform maybe?
"Thanks for the suggestion."
"No problem," he responds. "That's what friends do, right?"
"I thought you weren't down with friends?"
"I never said that." Jack shakes his head.
"Remember a month ago when you brought me that hideous bouquet? You asked me out again in front of Earl and I told you to spring for something that wasn't on sale in the hospital gift shop?" Jack looks annoyed so I continue. "And I asked you why we couldn't just be friends, and you said because I'm not down with that. Remember?"
"Vaguely," he admits. 
"That was last month, Jack," I chuckle.
"Whatever." His cart is still empty but he follows me to the next aisle. "I'm telling you now that I think we should be friends."
"Why?"
"Because that's better than nothing," he sincerely answers. For once his eyes are soft and his expression looks genuine. My chest feels heavy as I think of Earl, and the heartache Jack will go through once he is gone.
"Fine," I sigh, unsure of his motives but I could use a good friend at the moment. The one I already have is busy trying to steal my future fianc. "Then you should know friend that I met someone. And . . . well let's just say things might be very different a month from now."
"How different are we talkin'?"
"Like bling-bling different," I answer. 
The look on Jack's face is priceless. He attempts to hold back a laugh. His face is an open book. 
"It's true," I say. 
"I'm not disagreeing with you."  He smiles. "Wow. So that's why I keep getting burned. How long have you two been dating?" 
My eyes dart across the selection of dry pastas.
"Um . . ." I grab a package of linguine.
"Six months?" he guesses. "Three? Two?" He follows me to the meat section.
"It's complicated."
"No, Kat," he cringes. "Don't tell me you just met this dude?" My silence gives him enough information. "Why? What does this guy have that I don't?" He jokingly shakes his head.
"A billion dollars," I reply with a serious face.
"I see."
I turn to him and stare at the blue in his eyes, disappointed at what might be going through his head.
"I'm not some kind of gold digger if that's what you think." I try hard not to get too worked up. Jack watches me flail my arms in the air. "I've had it rough the past few years okay. I'm allowed to dive head first into a relationship with a guy that has everything."
"You don't have to explain it to me," Jack replies. "I get it." 
I turn my head towards a mound of fresh scallops behind the seafood counter.
"I doubt that."
"I do," he continues. "You're looking for security. Who isn't?" The calming sound of his voice finally helps me relax. In a weird way I am glad he seems to get it. It makes me feel better for jumping into something with a guy I barely know. I reach for a scallop like it's a head of lettuce, forgetting about the plastic barrier between us. I smack my fingers against the counter and wince. Jack automatically grabs my hand and I blush.
"I'm sorry," I breathe, rubbing the side of my face. "It's been a weird day and I think I'm about to go insane."
"Yep," Jack answers. "Okay." He grabs my hand and pulls me away from my cart. "Come on."
"What are you doing?"
"I have just the thing." Jacks pulls me towards the sliding doors.
"But the food-"
"Someone will put it all back," he continues. "You can come back later." My head is confused but my chest is thudding. Jack leads me to the parking lot and begins speed walking down the sidewalk. I sneak a glance at the back of his fitted jeans and the way they drape across his backside.
"Jack."
"This is it," he announces, holding his arms in the air. "Tada!"
"It's an apartment complex," I comment. "An old one."
"I know."
"So . . . you live here? This is what you wanted to show me? Your apartment?"
"No," he protests. "I bought it." He pauses and watches my reaction. The place had potential but the few units within eyeshot look like they need to be knocked down and rebuilt.
"What?"
"Yeah."  He smiles. "This is my new project. I'm gonna refurbish these babies."
"With what money?"
Jack frowns. "I thought you would be happy for me?"
"Well it does explain what you were doing at this grocery store."
"Told you I wasn't stalking you," he responds. "Come on. What do you think?" My brain jumps to the millions of projects it would take to make a place like this look new.
"Well, it looks like a lot of work . . ." 
He looks eager to gain my approval. He has a wide smile and hopeful expression. He clasps his hands together. 
". . . but I think it's doable," I finish. 
He nods.
"Come on." He grabs my hand again. "Let me show you the inside." He pulls a ring of keys from his pocket and studies each one. The sleeve of his t-shirt slips, revealing the edge of a tattoo I have yet to see all of.
"How long have you had that?"
Jack's eyes follow mine to his shoulder. His expression turns sour. He quickly resumes searching for the key.
"You know that feeling you sometimes get when something reminds you of the past . . . in bad way?"
"Actually yes," I reply. I still had a funny feeling whenever I spotted a red pickup truck. It is the car Chad used to drive.
"Yeah, I normally try not to look down."
"That bad huh?" I watch as he unlocks the door to the first unit. He steps inside without explaining any further. "Now that's not fair. I have to tell you every little detail of my life and you can't tell me yours?" Jack takes a long breath and runs a hand through his hair. His thick fingers rest on the scruff of his chin.
"A couple years ago I met a girl," he answers. "Cindy. We moved in together too fast." He looks down at his shoulder. "I got this when we were together."
"What happened?" I move closer, pretending to casually survey the stained carpets and broken cabinets.
"Things were great at first until I realized that our relationship was all fake."
"It was all about sex," I added. 
Jack looks shocked.
"No," he argues. "She was really superficial." I giggle when I see the color of Jack's cheeks change to a rosy pink.
"Let me guess. She has blond hair and big boobs?"
"Close," he grins.
"Yeah," I sigh. "I had a Cindy once."
"Cindys," he laughs. "I bet you met yours in high school. Am I right?"
"Too right," I answer. Jack gives me a friendly nod. His imperfect grin is suddenly tolerable. It is actually refreshing.
"Now." He interrupts my train of thought. "Dinner."
"Right. I forgot about that."
"Then my plan worked." Jack looks pleased with himself. Being forced to think about worse times when I was with Chad makes me realize how far I have come. I made a promise to myself and I am inches from finally fulfilling that promise. My life will never be the same. 
Unless Holly has stooped as low as slipping something into Rex's coffee.
"I gotta go."
"But," he adds. "Do you know what you're making tonight?" 
I nod. 
I am more sure of the answer to that question than I was fifteen minutes ago. I have to bring out the big tricks and lucky for me Holly is a horrible cook.
"Oh yeah," I answer. For what I plan on wearing, I need to get a quick workout in. 
Or five.

*         *          *

I wipe my counter for the tenth time and take the lid off my tomato basil pasta with seared scallops. Steam rises and the smell of fresh herb fills my nose. It is perfect. I check the clock. It's already eight. I run to the mirror in my bedroom and get a last look at my outfit. Heels and an apron. I spent ages wondering if the dress underneath was needed or not. 
Yes. 
You're not a slut.
The oven timer beeps and I rush to take out my chocolate cupcakes before they burn. My mom's recipe. Chocolate and cayenne. It gives the cakes a nice little kick. I impatiently make myself comfortable on the sofa. If this isn't enough to keep Rex's attention, I don't know what is.
I hope Holly doesn't interfere.
Holly and I were on the same soccer team in sixth grade. Soccer wasn't Holly's strong point. She later moved on to dance and decided that was where she belonged. We used to taunt our competition before every game. Holly had mastered the art of the dirty look. She tried to teach me but it involved swallowing your conscious.
One Saturday I attempted to make Holly proud by stepping on a girl's shoelace. I didn't expect her to fall over, break her nose and scream bloody murder. I remember my heart pounding so violently I thought it might burst from my chest. I could barely swallow. The sound of the girl shrieking tore me apart. 
Never again. I promise. Never again!
I remember hardly being able to speak when my coach walked towards me. I literally thought my life was over but Holly stepped in. She knew exactly what to say. I never needed to explain. With a sigh of relief, I was off the hook. It was right then and there that I knew Holly and I made a good team though I carried around a dirty conscious for the next year.
Now Holly and I are contenders. How am I ever going to survive?
My eyelids feel heavy. It feels good to close my eyes especially after a night of cooking on my sore feet. I try to relax, thinking about Rex. About our kiss. About the way his hand stroked the small of my back and how his scent seemed to encapsulate me. In that moment, I couldn't think of anything else but being with him.
I take a deep breath. 
Then another. 
And then another. 
My heart rate finally slows down, allowing my tense arms and legs to rest. I sink deeper into the couch cushions, thinking more about Rex. Fantasizing about our night together - playing out every step in my head.
He walks through the door, takes one look at me and wraps his arms around my waist. His kiss puts me under his spell. I enjoy the burst of heat and the tingles each one sends through my legs. I tell Rex he is the only one for me and tilt my head back. His lips move to my neck, exploring every inch of my fiery skin until he reaches the heaving rim of my cleavage and-
BUZZ. BUZZ. BUZZ.
My eyes open to a bright living room and a vibrating phone. I rub my eyes, completely confused. It is morning. Time to for another tiresome shift at Harrison Memorial. My eyes go wide and I stare at a single unopened text message on my cell. It is from Rex. He sent it around midnight. 
Something came up. Promise I'll make it up to you.
"Holly," I say through my teeth.

Chapter Five


"We need to set some ground rules." I barge into Holly's studio, making a scene amongst the waiting room of yoga moms and tired nannies. Holly sits behind the front desk with an innocent look on her face.
"Ground rules?"
"With Rex," I continue. "I think we should set some rules."
"Is this about last night? Because-"
"How could you guess?" My frustration only deepens as Holly gives my outfit a once-over. Scrubs and sneakers.
"Chill out," she whispers. Her rose colored sweater and matching leg warmers bring out the pink in her lips.
"Rex and I were supposed to have a date last night," I mutter. "And you ruined it."
"Sorry," she says quietly. "How was I supposed to know that? He didn't mention it."
"He didn't?"
"No." She smiles at a woman in a paisley scarf. "Morning, Mrs. Newman." She nods reassuringly. 
I glance at my watch.
"Look I have to go but we're not finished with this." I am fuming and resisting the urge to ask Holly what happened last night. 
What did she say? 
What did he say? 
Did they kiss . . . or more? 
I try to shake that image from my thoughts.
"Honestly, Kat. I had no idea."
"Sure." I stare at the glass doors next to me, secretly hoping they would spontaneously shatter and Holly would have to spend all morning on her hands and knees picking up shards.
"Holly, can I talk to you about Becca's performance last week?" Mrs. Newman stands up. Her perfume fills the room as she moves. I instantly recognize it. Chanel.
"Oh of course," Holly replies. "Just a sec, Kat." I heave as she leaves reception. This isn't the first time Holly and I have had issues. Usually they blew over quickly. A buzzing behind the counter interrupts my thoughts. I look behind the desk and see Holly's phone. The screen displays the author of a text message. Rex.
My head is flaming and I'm overwhelmed by a tightness in my throat. I grab the cell phone and look at Holly. She is worlds away in conversation. Before I can talk myself out of it my fingers touch the screen and my eyes wander to an ongoing conversation between Rex and Holly.
Holly: i had a good time last night. when can i c u again?
Rex: Thanks for stopping by & thanks for the drink.
Holly: drinks. lol! r u free later?
Rex: My free time will be spent at the gym.
Holly: perfect. i'll meet u for a quick
Rex: A quick what?
Swim my mind finishes. She better have meant swim or run or spin class or something. She must have been texting that last one as I walked in. My eyes dart to Holly again. That sneaky little . . .
a game of tennis, my fingers type. In a rush, I hit send. My stomach churns. What the hell did I just do? The reply comes instantly. Excellent. Shall I bring a partner to play doubles?
ya!  I reply.
Holly is going to be pissed. Tennis is the one sport she hates. She can't skate by with enough finesse to fool even a dog. Anything with a racket makes her look like a ravenous monkey. Another response comes again. 
See you there.
I hurriedly erase the texts up to Holly's last one and drop the phone back in its place. Holly finishes her chat with Mrs. Newman and jogs back over.
"I have to go to work," I say, checking my watch.
"Yeah," she sighs. "I'll call you after work."
"Uh-huh." I jog through the doors, taking in a gulp of fresh air. 
Oh yeah. 
She is definitely going to call me.

*          *          *

"You spent how long cooking your ass off and Prince Charming didn't show? Gasp." Sadie is one of the reasons I still work at Harrison Memorial. We were both hired at the same time, went through orientation together, and the rest is obvious. She makes me laugh and sometimes I find myself questioning how on earth she has a boyfriend.
"I'm sure he has a good excuse," I mumble. I dig my toes into the soles of my shoes. Sadie would yell like a crazy person if I told her Rex had been with Holly.
"A good excuse would be nothing short of a diamond necklace and some serious smoozing."
"Yeah well I'm trying not to think about that." I sort through a tray of medications. "First, I need to bust through this shift." And pray that the sound of Holly's dance shoes never thump down the hallway.
"Perv boy at one o'clock," Sadie says under her breath.
"Ladies," Dr. Saxten chimes in. I hate the way he appears out of nowhere. "Are you two attending the company fundraiser this weekend?" I completely forgot about that. Mostly because I have no money to donate.
"Of course." Sadie is an expert at fake smiling.
"Kat," he continues. When Dr. P says my name I have to refrain from flaring my nostrils. "Are you going?"
"Uh-"
"Who with?"
"You'll probably stop by with the boyfriend," Sadie butts in. "Right?" I nod.
"Oh right. Well, I look forward to meeting him." His shiny forehead strolls out of view.
"You owe me," Sadie quietly remarks. "I just saved you from an awkie convo."
"What would I do without you?" I joke.
"We've covered that." She rolls her eyes. "You'd be in splitsville with Dr. Creep over there, and stuck with graveyards." I laugh and grab Earl's chart. My eyes keep checking the time. Any minute I am expecting an angry phone call or a thousand text messages. I lightly knock on the door to Earl's hospital room. A quiet voice tells me to come in. Jack is visiting.
"How's he doing?" I whisper. Earl's head is straight back on his pillow. His eyes are closed and a dab of drool is trickling down the corner of his mouth.
"He's had better days." Jack is sitting so that the muscles in his arms are perfectly displayed. His hair is messy like he just climbed out of bed, but his soft blue eyes compliment the sharpness of his face. I check the monitor.
"You look like you've had better days too," I comment.
"I didn't get much sleep last night. How was your date?"
"Well-"
"Let me guess," he interrupts. "Perfect?" He raises his eyebrows.  I shake my head, staring down at lab papers.
"The date was canceled."
"Why?" Jack leans back looking bewildered.
"Something came up I guess. He wasn't able to make it." I hold my breath and wait for the teasing, the lecture, a rant about how Jack would never do that to me so I should agree to go out with him.
"Huh." 
That's his response? Huh?
"That's all you've got to say?"
"Things happen," he continues. "You can't help that." I suddenly realize my jaw is hanging wide open. I shift my focus back to Earl.
My phone buzzes in my pocket. With wide eyes I check the screen, expecting to see Holly's name. I have been trying to prepare for this moment but the right thing to say never came to me. My heart leaps when I see Rex's name.
"I've got to take this," I mention, stepping outside faster than Sadie can text. My palms are sweaty as I hold the phone to my ear. "Hello?"
"Kat, I'm glad I caught you." The sound of his voice makes me forget he stood me up just hours ago. Okay . . . I didn't forget. But he is calling me during office hours which means he really does feel bad about it. Maybe he had a horrible time playing doubles with Holly? "About last night. I'm so sorry."
"You have a lot of making up to do," I reply. "What kept you?" The wheels in my head start spinning, wondering if he is going to lie to me.
"I'll tell you all about it tonight."
"What's tonight?" I adjust a strand of hair hanging from my ponytail.
"I'm making it up to you," he slyly replies. "Charles will collect you at eight."
"I'll be ready." I hold back a squeal. Now I know how Leah must have felt when she saw that guy from True Blood at Union Square.
"I look forward to it," he says before he hangs up. I walk back into Earl's room with a gigantic smile on my face.
"What?" Jack notices my expression.
"That was him." I refrain from blurting out hundreds of things at once. "He's going to make it up to me."
"See," Jack nods. "You'll get to see him this week after all." His compliance confuses me, but I go with it. It is nice to have another person on my side. Earl starts to stir. He sits up, wiping the saliva from his lips. An instant smile crosses his face when he sees me.
"What did I miss?" he inquires.
"Kat has a date," Jack answers, speaking a little louder. Earl rubs his thinning hair, looking down at the IV in his arm. It bothers him to be hooked up to"computers and nonsense".
"With who?" His voice is raspy but blunt.
"Not me, Pops."
Earl looks at me as I check his drip. "Congratulations," he says with a spritely bounce. "I'm very happy for you." 
I smile.
"Well that's kind of rude," Jack adds.
"It's not," Earl argues. He turns to his son. "She deserves someone who knows which end of the razor is sharp." I quietly laugh as Jack and I briefly make eye contact. His eyes are always brighter when Earl is criticizing him.
"Here we go with the shaving thing again," Jack mutters. "I told you Pop, I like the scruff. I'm keeping the scruff." He runs a hand over his chin.
"It makes you look like a homeless person." Earl throws his hand up in the air like it's hopeless.
"Okay you two," I interrupt. "I'm out. I've got a date to prepare for."

*          *           *

Rex's apartment is . . . I can hardly call it an apartment. It is more like a palace. It has a foyer that goes on for miles, a chandelier made of real diamonds, marble floors that look like they are hand polished daily. I stand in awe at the bay windows overlooking the ocean. I can almost hear the rolling waves and smell the salt water. Charles takes my coat. I smooth my fitted maxi dress just as Rex comes around the corner with a grin on his face. My heart pounds and I hope our evening will start with a hello kiss.
Rex's collar is unbuttoned. Underneath, I can see the top of his chest. I wobble a bit in my stilettos. I can't lose the ability to stand until Rex's arms are around me. Then it won't matter.
"Hi," I quietly greet him.
"Hi." His eyes take in my entire figure. 
"So last night?"
"I know." He shrugs, looking disappointed. "We should talk about that." Our eyes meet, locking together and desperate for sweet fulfillment. "But first . . ." He takes a step closer. My legs feel even weaker as his hand moves around my torso. I stare at his cocoa eyes, and my lips yearn to be touched.
He grasps me tight, pulling my body towards his. The tingles return, surrounding my chest. A hand moves through my caramel locks and finally he kisses me. Our lips press firmly together and I close my eyes - drifting to the place I fantasized about. The foyer is silent aside from the faint moan that escapes my mouth. My chest burns as his hand wanders. I don't want him to stop. I want him to pull me to the nearest sofa and undo the zipper on my side.
"Haha! You're hilarious Helen." My entire face cringes and the fire in my chest is drenched with ice water. 
That laugh. 
No!
"Mum?" Rex seems just as startled as me.
Two women appear in the hallway.  Rex's mom pushes past the open front door of Rex's apartment and makes herself at home. She interrupts our embrace and claims her son by wrapping her arms around his shoulders.
"Wooley, darling," she says.
"Wooley?" I whisper.
"I was a bit husky in primary school. That's all I'm going to say."
"I was just having a lovely chat with your friend here," she laughs. My stomach feels nauseous as Holly smiles.
"Hi," she says in her upbeat hostess voice, acting as if we have never met. "I'm Holly." I stare at her beaming face. It is like being stung by an annoying mosquito beneath layers of clothes. As Rex politely asks his mother what on earth she's doing in San Francisco, I feel a pinch on my arm.
"Payback is a bitch," Holly mutters through her teeth. Her sting is worse than her buzz. And with Rex's mom in Holly's favor, I am on the verge of losing it all.
"Oh, deary," Helen coos, placing a hand on Rex's cheek. "I haven't seen you in ages."
"Yes mum," Rex replies. "I told you to give me ring."
"I thought a proper visit was better." Helen looks how I expect. Her sleek, brunette hairdo is the same shade of brown. Her royal blue blouse and matching skirt is nothing short of posh. "And who is this?" I break my gaze away from Holly's ridiculous ensemble. Not that her outfit is trashy. It is ultra conservative compared to mine. 
So not her. 
It goes all the way up to her collar. If Holly's plan is to make me feel like a hooker, she has succeeded.
"Mum, this is . . ." Rex stumbles over his words. Am I just a friend, a lover, a coworker? Even I am confused.
"I'm Kat," I answer for him.
"Oh nice to meet you." As I shake Helen's hand she studies my dress. 
That is one for Holly, zero for me. 
Holly puts her arm around Helen as if they're old friends. It's apparent the two of them have been drinking. I can smell the faint scent of alcohol in the hall, but Helen seems to carry herself well. Something she and Holly have in common. "How about the four of us go for a delightful meal?"
"That sounds like a fabulous idea," Holly encourages her. I sneak a glance at the horrified look on Rex's face.
"Charles!" Helen shouts until Charles appears. "Get the car!"
"Rex," Holly steps in front of me and kisses him on the cheek. My organs practically liquidate and melt down my sides. "I hope you don't mind. I recognized her from that photo you showed me last night." My hand shakes. I want to slap her.
"How did-" Rex attempts to avoid eye contact.
"I spotted her walking around The Four Seasons and thought I would introduce myself." What the hell was she doing at The Four Seasons. That should have been my next line but I am still waiting to wake up on my couch in a pile of drool. This doesn't seem real.
"Oh." Holly pulls out her innocent look. "I hope I'm not interrupting."
"Actually-"
Holly glares at me the instant I open my mouth.
"Cocktail time," Helen chimes in.
"Mother."  Rex yawns. "I'm actually pretty knackered."
"Oh nonsense."  Helen shakes her head. "You're going. We're all going." I attempt to exchange glances with Rex. I need reassurance. A wink. A look that says I'm sorry. 
Something. 
I tilt my head but Holly is in the way.
"The car is ready, Mam."  Charles nods. Helen's face lights up. She follows Charles to a limo and slides in first. I force a swallow as Holly joins her. She is all smiles and giggles in her cute yet conservative getup. I hesitate when it's my turn. Rex gently touches my arm.
"I didn't know she was in town," he whispers.
"Rex, I don't think-"
"Please," he mutters. "Please come."
"And that explanation?"
"As soon as we're alone." That is it. That is my reassurance. I tug on my dress. A week ago, I never thought I would be dining with a sexy billionaire on a Tuesday night. Now I have a potential mother-in-law to impress and a best friend to crush. So far I am not doing too well.
"Okay," I sigh, hanging onto my dress as I duck into the car. My fist clenches as Holly's fruity perfume fills my nose. Rex sits next to me.
"So Kat is it?" Helen is finally directing all her attention at me. My forehead feels like it is being fried on a skillet. "What is it that you do?" I gulp. My answer probably isn't what she is looking for in a future daughter-in-law.
"I'm a nurse," I politely answer. Holly nods as if it's the first time she's heard this piece of information. It makes me sick.
"Oh." Helen breaks eye contact. Dammit. "Holly dear, what is it you do again?"
"I run a dance studio," she proudly responds. A load of bull. She isn't the owner. 
Far from it.
"Yes." She puts her hand on Holly's knee. "I did dance at university. That's just lovely."
"How long will you be staying?" Rex asks, looking a tad annoyed. He pulls at his shirt collar.
"Don't you worry about that." Helen chuckles and looks out the window.  
She is hard to please.
"Will you be staying at the flat?"
"No," she tells her son. "I couldn't be bothered." The car rolls up to The Four Seasons. I feel underdressed. Dressed up but with too little clothing. "Brilliant." Charles opens the door and Helen steps out. She takes Holly's hand and proceeds to tell her all about her last stay in San Francisco. I narrow my eyes, directing them at Holly.
"Ready to kill me yet?" Rex mumbles, touching my arm.
"Just about." My brain is stuck on one thing. My competition. "Who is she?" This is it. I gaze at Rex's expression looking for signs of hesitation. A twitch even.
"Actually we just met," he answers.
"Really." I pretend I'm not threatened. "I thought maybe she was a cousin or relative or something." 
Total lie.
"I'm afraid not," he sighs. His eyes wander through the front doors where Holly is entertaining Helen. I start to feel uneasy. Maybe Holly is the better future fianc? 
Snap out of it Kat! 
No. 
She isn't. 
I saw Rex first. 
I am the sensible one. The responsible one (minus the Chad years). I am the friend more frequently described as wife material. Holly can barely butter toast let alone make it perfectly brown instead of black. We walk inside The Four Seasons. Soft music fills my ears and I'm surrounded again by decor I could never afford myself. I stare at the back of Holly's blond head. A fire lights in my belly and suddenly it feels like high school all over again. I'm studying my opposition, thinking up a strategy before I pounce. 
It worked in lacrosse.
Helen walks right past reception and into the hotel restaurant without taking instruction from the host. She strolls right up to an open table by the window and sits down. The seating host doesn't object.
"Their most acceptable table," she says, waiting impatiently for her water to be poured. "Not the best but it's the best they have." I reluctantly take my seat. If this place isn't fancy by Helen's standards she is probably used to dining at Buckingham Palace. 
I feel completely out of my element. Mostly because I am not prepared. There are four forks in front of me. 
Four.
"Will you excuse me for a minute?" Holly leaves her napkin on her chair and delicately stands up. She heads towards the restrooms. My lungs are flaming like the rest of me. I'm surprised my head hasn't turned bright red.
"Me too," I add. "I'll be just a minute." I smile, almost curtsey, and follow behind Holly. I can hear myself breathing as I reach the women's room. My arm pushes the door so hard, I'm startled to see it zoom open. Holly is fixing her hair in the mirror. My heart pounds as I finally confront her. She turns to me with hands on her hips.
"You have no place to talk," she says before I can open my mouth.
"Me? What happened to friendship first?"
"I never said friendship first," Holly points her finger. "We agreed to give each other a fair shot and let Rex decide the rest. You broke that agreement."
"What?"
"You messed with my phone this morning," she accuses me. "Admit it." My cheeks turn red. I knew that was a bad idea.
"Come on. It was kinda funny."
Holly rolls her eyes. 
"Child's play," she mumbles.
"Excuse me?"
"Kat," she laughs. "Let's get real here. When I said we should let Rex decide I was being polite. We both know who he'll end up choosing." My jaw drops. She doesn't mean that. She always says mean things when she is upset.
"Oh really," I respond. "Did you have an intense make out sesh less than an hour ago? Because I sure did." It is a low, immature blow but it is all I have. Holly shoots me the mother of all dirty looks. The one that makes me feel about two inches tall. 
I shudder.
"I tried to be fair," she says quietly. It makes me nervous that she's not yelling. "But you started this, not me. You're the one who started playing dirty, not me. And if this whole situation scares you, just wait. I haven't even given this serious thought yet." She half smiles and pushes open a stall. "Don't be so quick to brag, honey. I never told you what Rex and I did last night." She latches the door on her stall just as I'm about to boil over. 
It is a lie.
A lie to make me feel like crap. 
It has to be.
I clench my fists, angrier than I've been in years. My eyes dart to tiny detail I had ignored until now. The word herbal jumps out at me from beside the sink. I quietly pick up a packaged bar of soap. I skim the list of ingredients hoping to spot a key word. 
Chamomile. 
Holly is allergic.
I smile, opening the bar of soap and placing it on the marble counter. I toss the empty package in the trash along with the rest of the herbal soap bars. I hear the toilet flush and turn on the faucet.
"You're right," I say out loud. Holly steps out of her stall. She doesn't seem surprised that I'm admitting my faults. "I shouldn't have sent those texts."
"Well, it's not like I couldn't handle the situation. I was just shocked you had the guts."
I swallow her comment and wash my hands.
"Guts?"
"Yeah," she replies, checking herself out in the mirror. "You've never been able to do what it takes to get the guy. That's why you're still single."
"Uh-huh," I respond. She flips on the water to wash her hands. I watch her eyes search for the soap. "Here." I casually hand her the bar containing the one thing that gives her a nasty body rash. Chamomile. "I opened it," I continue. "It was the last one." She accepts the soap without a second thought. Holly aggressively rubs her skin, dries her hands.  She puts on a layer of lip gloss.
"I'm glad we finally got this straightened out," she says before leaving the restroom. She smiles and hugs me. "Be happy, K. We have a wedding to plan."
"With pink roses and a five foot cake?" Wedding details we talked about when we were kids. Pink flowers and the cake would be pink on the inside. Bubble gum flavored. 
"We're not kids anymore," she laughs. 
Really, because you're sure acting like one. 
I follow Holly back to our table. Butterflies toss and turn in my stomach. 
Any minute now this dinner will turn into a three ring circus.

Chapter Six


"You know when girls do mean things on TV, and you're like gasp. What a bitch?" I storm down the hospital hallway, sleep deprived and pissed off. Jack follows me out of Earl's room.
"This sounds like a coffee conversation."
"This is more like a vodka conversation," I respond. The two of us walk towards the cafeteria. I fold my arms, feeling guilty about last night. It is going to come back and bite me. I just know it. I will be sitting on pins and needles until it does.
"This has to do with that guy?" Jack's t-shirt actually looks ironed today. Maybe he just bought it.
"And Holly," I gulp.
"Holly, your best friend Holly?"
"Yeah," I say, surprised. 
Jack shrugs.
"You mentioned her once," he adds.
"Probably." My mind jumps back to the chaos of last night. I sat at the edge of my seat as Holly did more smoozing. She was in the middle of explaining how one of her students, Becca, was on her way to being part of the New York City Ballet Company (all thanks to her brilliant teaching methods, of course) when she started scratching herself. Helen noticed it right away. At first she looked a little disgusted as Holly discreetly wiggled around in her chair. But then I could see the horror in Holly's eyes when she pulled up her sleeves and realized she had hives.
Instead of excusing herself and leaving, she looked at me. That's when I tried to save my own butt by suggesting some Benadryl and a good night sleep. But Holly preferred a grand (attention seeking) production, and I was stuck with front row seats. She started to panic, yelling that she was deathly allergic and needed to get to the hospital ASAP. Of course Rex had to jump up, and being the gentleman that he was he offered to take her. My plan had backfired - forcing Rex to spend the rest of the evening in the ER with my competition.
"Don't tell me he canceled again?"
"I wish." I hang my head. "At least that wouldn't make me the horrible person."
"You? Horrible?" he jokes. "Whatever, Kat."
"You don't know the half of it." No one does. We reach the cafeteria and I anxiously grab a coffee cup. I am going to be up all night pacing in front of my front door, waiting for Holly to make her next move.
"Yeah right," Jack comments. He chuckles. "You're an angel in my book."
"Angels don't poison their best friends." I stir some sugar into my coffee and sit at our table. The silence on Jack's end is expected.
"You're overreacting."
"I wish I was."
Jack runs his hands through his dirty blond hair. He raises his thick eyebrows. "What happened?"
"That's-"
"Complicated?" he finishes. "I'm calling your BS. You want to talk about it. Why else would you have stormed into the room while Earl was sleeping? It wasn't time for meds."
"Fine," I tilt my head. "You caught me. So I'm looking for some friendly advice. Maybe someone to draw up my will? Sue me."
"There must be a good reason for what you did," he continues. "Let's hear it."
"Well . . ." I hesitate. I am confessing to Jack of all people. Jack. The guy I once purposely spilled pee on. I had a bad grip on the bedpan. And that still didn't stop him asking me out later.
"Start at the beginning."
"You're going to laugh at me." I take in a huge swallow of coffee, hoping that maybe if I burn my tongue I won't have to explain. But I have already said too much. "I met Rex at my little sister's roommate's engagement party. With me so far?" Jack nods. I let out a huge breath. Jack is going to think I am a total moron. "We danced. We laughed. We . . ."
"I get it." Jack gestures for me to move past the lovey dovey junk. "Keep going."
"Let me put it this way. Everything was perfect. Our first date was . . . almost perfect. And then my mirror of perfection shattered into tiny pieces, and I've been having bad luck ever since."
"Yeah." He puts a hand on my shoulder. "Metaphors aren't really your thing." I roll my eyes. "Sorry. Sorry. Continue." 
I take another swallow of warm coffee, letting the liquid soothe my throat.
"So I met Holly for lunch the other day because she also met a guy. And stupid me, I just thought the universe was in our favor. After we talked for a while I realized . . . she was talking about Rex." I wait for Jack to make another comment but he keeps his mouth shut. "My best friend and I are falling for the same guy."
"But you saw him first right?" I can hear the frustration in Jack's voice.
"About that . . . we . . . actually Holly decided that we should let Rex do the choosing."
"So she didn't back off?" His eyes are wide. "Now I get why you poisoned her."
"I didn't literally poison her," I say through my teeth. I look around hoping no one in the cafeteria heard his comment. "And anyway . . . I'm the one who started all this. I'm the horrible one."
"Sorry but what kind of person tries to sucker their best friend into thinking that stealing is okay?"
"It's not stealing," I disagree.
"She's trying to snatch the guy you've been seeing." He shakes his head. "Why are the two of you even friends?"
"Hey," I rudely interrupt. "We've known each other our whole lives, okay? Holly has always had my back."
"Until now," Jack adds. I take another sip to avoid agreeing with him. Does Holly only have my back when it is convenient? Now I am second guessing myself. No. This is just a brick in the road. I can't throw away a lifelong friendship so quickly. 
I bite my lip.
Holly isn't just somebody. She is my best friend. What do you do when your best friend suddenly does a one-eighty? Am I supposed to go with it or move on?
"So she was selfish to try and get in on the action like that," I begin. "But that's no excuse for what I did."
"Which was?"
"I gave her a bar of soap in the bathroom."
"Is that code for something freaky?" He smirks.
"No, you perv. She's allergic to chamomile. I exposed her to chamomile. I gave her hives!" It disappoints me to see Jack chuckling rather than comprehending the seriousness of the situation.
"Remind me never to piss you off." He already had. Many times.
"It's too late for that kind of reminder," I mutter. "Seriously." I hit his shoulder. "She's going to retaliate. She's going to do something big. Something crazy. Something cleverly insane."
"What like sleep with him?" Jack jokes. I sit up in my seat, eyes as wide as two cheese pizzas from Nico's.
"You don't think . . . no . . . she wouldn't dare."
"Relax," Jack adds. He puts a hand on my shoulder again, trying to stop me from squirming around in my chair. "If this guy really likes you, you shouldn't have to worry about it." Rex does like me. I am mostly sure of that. I am just not sure how much he likes Holly. We haven't really gotten to that conversation.
"You haven't met Holly," I sigh. An alarm is sounding in my head. 
I have to call Rex. 
I have to call him fast and make our engagement official. 
Tonight.
"Not sure if I want to," Jack shudders. "She sounds like a-"I raise my eyebrows. "Interesting person?"
"What am I going to do?" I burry my head in my hands.
"Don't kill me for saying this but didn't you just meet this guy?" He cringes a little, waiting for me to object. I let him talk, hoping for a brilliant solution. Fat chance. "Is he really worth all this?" 
Is he ever! 
Rex is the guy I have waited for since college. The guy that represents a lifetime of luxury.
"I knew you wouldn't understand," I mutter under my breath. Jack is a guy. How am I supposed to explain the urgency I feel to finally land my soul mate? Settle down and get married . . . and he happens to be a billionaire. "Rex is . . . he's . . . I can't screw this up."
"Right, he's loaded."
"I'm not going to lie," I reply, sipping my coffee. "It would be nice to wear heels without having to tape down the blisters on my feet. No triple shifts. No nights."
"So you're going to marry him?" Jack asks.
"I'm almost thirty, Jack. Yeah. I'd like to be married." 
Like? That is practically the first thing that crosses my mind every time I meet someone. What would it be like to be married to this guy? I know what I have to do. I finally stand up, more confident than I was a few minutes ago.
"Where are you going?"
"I have a phone call to make," I answer.
"Don't you want my advice?"
"I know. I know. Be yourself. Ditch the traitor of a friend. And date you." I laugh. My muscles start to relax from a morning of tense spasming.
"Okay." Jack stands up and pulls at his t-shirt. "My second attempt at advice?"
"I'd love it," I lie.
"You want something? Go get it. Sometimes even the people we're closest to try to shut us down. Quit being scared."
"And when I get a wedding invitation in the mail with Rex and Holly's face on it?"
"That won't happen."
I roll my eyes again. It is like I said before. He doesn't know Holly, and my window of opportunity is slowly closing.
"And if it does," he continues. "I'll let you . . . shave the scruff."
"That's a dangerous promise," I giggle. "Fine. But only because Earl will thank me later."

*          *          *

Rex didn't answer my call but that didn't stop me. I dashed straight home after my shift and grabbed my lucky bra. I stuffed the essentials into my purse and braced myself for a night of romance. A night in paradise. 
My skin tingles as I think of Rex holding me, telling me I am the one. I walk into the lobby of his building. It seems emptier and less intimidating than it did before. But that doesn't stop me from anxiously twiddling my fingers as the man at the front desk eyes my trench coat while he dials Rex's number. Yes. I don't have much on underneath.
"Go on up." The man gestures towards the elevators. My heels echo on the tile floor as I step into the elevator, my heart beating faster than a baby hummingbird. This is it. No more daydreaming. No more wondering what Rex looks like with his shirt off. A typical thought that crosses my mind every morning when I do my makeup. I will soon find out.
With an abrupt ding the doors open. I'm standing in the foyer of Rex's flat. A wave of heat swirls underneath my trench coat as Rex comes around the corner looking surprised.
"Hi." I bite my lip, hoping for a hello kiss. "I should have waited for you to call. I know. But-"
"Kat," he exhales. A slow burn fills my body as he walks close enough to grab me around the waist. "I wasn't sure I'd be seeing you again . . . after last night. I owe you an explanation."
"Later." 
I do something bold. I tangle my fingers in his silky hair and press my lips against his. Our bodies move together and his hand instantly teases the buttons on my coat. My desires take over and suddenly I'm yearning for him to remove the layers preventing our skin from touching. My abs tighten preparing for their debut. All Rex has to do is remove the coat.
Rex pulls away, grabbing my hand and pulling me further into the apartment. I crush the voice in my head telling me I am moving too fast. That this isn't the way to make him love me. It is working. Rex's eyes gleam at the sight of me. He can't break his gaze. And the way his firm chest heaves, leaving little doubt that he likes what he sees, is enough. I seductively play with the collar on my coat, pulling it to the side to reveal the strap of something red. Rex bites the corner of his lip.
"Soon darling," he says quietly. "First, we have some guests to entertain."
"Guests?" My entire body freezes.
"Yeah, just toss your coat in the office." Rex winks as he points to an empty room across the hall. As we walk deeper into the flat, I can hear light chatter in the adjacent room. My legs feel like they're paralyzed. I can't take another step.
"Uh-"
"Sorry love," he says quietly. "I have some colleagues of mine over for drinks. Perhaps that was why I didn't hear your call?" He waves for me to hurry up. "I'd love for you to meet them." He calls to his guests and leaves me mortified. I can barely speak or even open my mouth. My eyes dart to the bathroom and I force my legs to take me there so I can think - get out of this awkward situation.
I tiptoe to the bathroom and lock the door behind me. As soon as I'm alone, I'm overwhelmed by a sea of hormones. Don't cry. Don't cry. I reach for my cell phone and automatically search for Holly's number. She would be the first person I would call in this situation. Only I can't call her this time. I sit down and rub my face, careful not to smudge the eyeliner and mascara I spent an hour applying. I wanted it to look flawless.
Who am I supposed to call? As Rex would say . . . bollocks.
My fingers scroll through my contact list. I have to talk to someone. I can't just sit here and I can't just leave. Maybe this isn't such a good idea? Maybe I should have stuck to waiting by the phone - periodically checking Holly's relationship status on facebook. I dial a number and hold the phone to my ear.
"Hello?"
"Thank midol you answered," I blurt out. I hear Sadie laugh. "I'm stuck. I don't know what to do. Help me, Sadie."
"Whoa," she responds. "Major panic attack goin' on. You need to recon before you go nuclear." Her weird way of speaking calms my nerves. A familiar voice. "Where are you?"
"I'm in Rex's apartment."
"Phew. I thought you were going to tell me you were hammered on the back of a truck somewhere. Can't really help you with that one unless your Prada handbag happened to come with mace."
"Sadie." She is rambling like usual. "Pay attention for a second."
"Geez," she answers. "Why did you call me again?"
"Because I'm trapped half naked at a business meeting!"
"Yikes." She's quiet for a second. "If this is some new hobby of yours, there's no shame in it if you're making bank."
"I'm not a freelance stripper Sadie," I bluntly explain. "I showed up at a guy's apartment with nothing but lacy underwear and a trench coat on."
"Oh-"
"And he invited me in to meet his friends. His work friends. What the hell am I supposed to do?"
"Call him next time," she suggests.
"Helpful," I sarcastically comment. "Maybe if I jump in my magic time machine I can undo all this."
"See? Now the wheels are turning."
"Sadie," I raise my voice. "What do I do?" She pauses again, seemingly as puzzled as me. I'm startled by a knock on the door. My heart jumps.
"Kat?" Rex's voice brings back the paralysis. "Kat? Are you in there?" Great. Now his guests are going to think that I am having bathroom issues. That'll make for a comfortable opening line. "Are you okay?"
"Yes," I manage to reply. "I'm just . . . finishing up." I hit my forehead. What was that? 
"Um okay? Don't be too long."
I can't tell if he's concerned or grossed out.
"He's waiting," I whisper into the phone. "I can't leave the bathroom without a game plan. I need a game plan."
"First of all, take a deep breath." Probably Sadie's first useful suggestion. I slowly inhale and let my lungs take a break from barely breathing.
"Now what?"
"That's all I got."
"Sadie!"
"Wait," she changes her mind. "Something else is coming to me." I hear her take a few breaths herself. "Flash him."
"WHAT?" I narrow my eyes, glad she isn't standing next to me. Though that would have been Holly's advice. Holly would waltz right in, remove her coat, and sip cocktails in her underwear. "No way I'm doing that."
"You were going to do that anyway, weren't you?"
"No . . . I . . . no."
"Leave then," she adds. My surefire way to seal the deal has backfired again. Crappy metaphor or not I did shatter a mirror of perfection. I just hope it won't cost me seven years of bad luck with men. I gulp. Rex is going to be disappointed. Unimpressed.
I dig for the courage to be bold again. If I leave, Holly will win.
"I'll talk to you tomorrow." I hang up before Sadie can say another word. Rex is waiting for me and guests or no guests, I can't leave until I have finished what I started.
I open the bathroom door to an empty foyer. My chest pounds as the footsteps return. Rex turns the corner and the mystery in his eyes give me the guts Holly said I never had. What do you think of this Holly? I quickly open my coat, letting Rex in on what I have come here for. The red, lacy bra and matching bottoms had been sitting in the back of my closet waiting to fulfill their purpose. I suck in my stomach, showcasing everything I have.
I'm pleased by the longing in Rex's eyes. The moment seems to play in slow motion. The space between us feels far too distant. I want to feel his warmth surround me.
Noise moves through the hall. Rex opens his mouth too late. My second of glory is scorched by the appearance of his associates.
"And what about this room over . . ." An older woman with a sleek black skirt and streak of gray in her hair stops mid-sentence. My head feels like it might explode. A million eyes form a laser that's burning a hole through my forehead.
"That's it for the tour everyone," Rex gulps. I button up my coat as fast as I can. A stupid idea. This was a stupid idea. I run for the elevator, horrified even more that I have to wait two whole minutes for the doors to open. I rush into the elevator when it finally opens and press the"close doors" button a zillion times. I try to hide my face without looking too childish.
The streets of downtown never called to me more. Anything but the lobby, apartment building . . . anything relating to Rex really. My heels echo again as I jog through the front doors, desperate for fresh air. The sun is setting and the sky looks purple.
"Kat! Wait!" Rex's voice makes me want to curl up in a ball and hide. I shudder to think what he must think of me now. Kat - the responsible, conservative nurse. More like the reckless, gold-digging, whore. "Kat!" A hand reaches for my shoulder and pulls me back.
"Let me go," I respond, on the verge of tears. I can't hide my feelings anymore. "I just humiliated myself in front of-"
"Kat," he continues. He firmly grabs both my shoulders. "I can't let you run off like that."
"I'm NOT going back up there."
"I don't expect you to," he softly replies. A tear runs down my cheek. Rex gently kisses me. He grins. I hang my head.
"Obviously I wasn't expecting a crowd."
"But you do look amazing," he adds, clutching my sides.
"Really?"
"Absolutely," he nods. "I'm flattered."
"This really isn't our week is it?" I force a half smile.
"And I'm afraid it doesn't get better."
My heart sinks. Please don't mention Holly.
"I'm leaving tomorrow," he sighs. "I'll be in England until next week." That is better news than sorry I've met someone else.
"So I guess you wouldn't be interested in a work party I sort of have to go to?"
"Sorry darling," he apologizes. "I was going to give you a ring as soon as my friends left. I've got to keep up with contacts, you know."
"I understand." I have been so eager to speed things up that I am not thinking straight. "Two weeks until your deadline," I joke. "That's cutting it close."
"You have no idea."
"About last night." I bite my lip. Is this the best time to bring it up?
"My mum is a bit mad," he comments.
"And Holly?" I can feel my hands clenching tighter.
"She's better. What a nasty reaction, yeah? I've been meaning to speak to the hotel manager."
"No." It is my immediate response. "I mean, what good would that do?" Rex shrugs, checking his watch.
"Please consider staying until they leave." Is he insane? I would rather die.
"I can't."
"Then I'll see you next week." He kisses me again. "We'll pick up where we left off?" I smile as he kisses me again. I close my eyes, letting the firm press of his mouth fill my chest with fire. Our lips part and explore each other further.
"Don't go back," I whisper. "Sneak away to my place."
"Next week," he breathes. "I promise, I'm yours."

Chapter Seven


"Don't get too excited," I say, catching Jack in the hall on his way to Earl's room. He has a grocery bag full of chips and soda in his hand and couple of DVD rentals. "I need a date this weekend and you'll have to do."
"What happened to Mr. Wonderful?"
"He's in England," I answer. "So . . . meet me here on Saturday." I can't let Dr. P see me mingling without a man. That will make for more awkward conversations. I don't think quick on my feet like Sadie. With my luck, I would be talked into some kind of date.
"You ask me out-" He stops mid-sentence as I glare at him. "Okay. Rephrasing. You expect me to go with you, and you won't even tell me what happened last night?"
"I followed your advice," I reply. Jack grins, puffing out his chest a little. I can see the outline of his pecks under his thin t-shirt. "Don't look so smug. I made a fool of myself."
"You're exaggerating again."
"No," I assure him. "I'm not." I wasn't planning on telling Jack I'd shown up to Rex's place in a bra and panties.
"Let me guess. You're not going to tell me what happened."
"Correct," I agree. The two of us walk into Earl's room. The familiar routine is enough to help me chill out for a while.
"DAD!" The distress in Jack's voice makes me cringe. I look at Earl's hospital bed to find him writhing uncontrollably. Shock hits me like a block of ice in the face. Every bone in my body feels like it might melt into my skin as Jack embraces his spasming father.
I yell for the doctor, hitting an emergency button and praying that we walked in just in time. Jack isn't ready to say goodbye. He just barely processed the news that his dad would soon be moving on. He still needs time to accept it.
The tears come immediately, unlike any I have ever shed at work. 
I am not ready to say goodbye.
The supervising doctor pushes by me, checking Earl's vitals. He unlocks the wheels on his hospital bed and quickly pulls him out of the room, asking Jack to stay behind. I can see Jack fight the panic overtaking his body. He's angry. He yells at the doctor, following his team down the hall until they disappear into a restricted operating theater.
He looks at me. His eyes are desperate for reassurance. I can't give it to him. This might have been it. I have seen it happen many times. But this time I am not the one calming hysterical family members. I can't. My heart is pounding too violently to think straight.
"He's not ready," Jack raises his voice and paces the hallway. "He was doing great yesterday. I thought he had-"
"More time," I finish. My thoughts are in a haze. I thought he had more time. That's what everyone says. I always thought I knew what that meant, but it is more of a feeling than a phrase. I haven't prepared myself for this day and suddenly all the time I thought I had has been instantly ripped away. It isn't fair.
"Kat," he sighs. His light blue eyes look glossy. He's fighting the urge to let the tears leave. I hug him, doing my best to fully embrace every muscle in his back. His chest is more solid than it looks. I hold him tighter. The instinct is automatic.
"This doesn't mean it's over." A lie I really hope is true. "Let me see what I can find out." Jack pulls away leaving me with an empty void. He composes himself, wiping the sweat from his forehead.
My hands shake as I walk into the restricted area to check on Earl's status. I have to seem unaffected for Jack's sake but I'm scared out of my mind. Jack deserves more time.



After an hour of waiting I finally learn that Earl has been stabilized, but he's in bad shape. I hear the news and literally feel like I'm surrounded by the soft melodies of a fallen angel. Jack has been given more time. Another chance to make peace with the inevitable.
I approach Jack. I can see his jaw clenching and muscles tightening.
"Is he?" He's too afraid to say another word. I smile and the relief on Jack's face is enough to bring on another subtle tear.
"He's been stabilized." Jack leaps for me, his thick arms surrounding my torso. I take in the smell of his neck. The warmth of his skin. His embrace is concrete and gentle at the same time. His arms cradle me like a precious doll. "Jack," I manage to continue. "He's still in bad shape."
"But alive," he replies softly. "And that's good enough for me."

*          *          *

Jack was in a good mood even when Sadie spilled a can of beer on his shoes. The way he brushed off the fact that his feet now smell yeasty made me laugh.
"You know I didn't start shaving until I was seventeen?" Jack takes a sip of beer. "Not for real anyway."
"You're full of it." We are sitting at a picnic table outside with Sadie and her boyfriend Rick. My work event is a casual barbeque.  The air smells smokey. We bought a few drinks and a basket of fries to show our support. Harrison Memorial always throws fundraisers/work parties. 
Fun-raisers.
"I'm serious," Jack laughs. "I was a late bloomer."
"I hear ya!" Rick pounds his fist.
"Uh how did we get on the puberty topic?" Sadie comments. "All I said was I am feeling a little bloated today."
"You say that almost every day," Rick mutters. Sadie nudges his arm.
"Watch yourself." She flicks her red hair to the side and finishes off Rick's drink.
"I'll get more," I volunteer.
"Thanks Kat," Sadie says. "But he really doesn't need it." She pokes Rick's gut and frowns.
"Okay," I mutter. "I'm going to step away now." I go back inside for more beers. I smile, making my way to the food table. The drink basket is empty and I see the cooks scrambling to keep up with orders. More people had shown up than originally estimated.
"I'll fill it," I volunteer, grabbing the drink basket and carrying it to the supply closet. This is the best I've felt in a long time which is weird. Rex is an ocean away, my best friend isn't talking to me, and Earl is on his deathbed. But I am in a good mood. I slept in, and laughed all afternoon at Jack's expense.
I Push open the door of the supply closet and begin filling the basket with drinks. Just enough to fill it with ice afterwards. I hear footsteps behind me and cringe a little to see Dr. P's sweaty face. His eyes are dilated.
"Oh hi Dr. P . . . hi doc." It is a good thing that first part was said while filling my arms with bottled water.
"Kat," he replies. His voice sounds different. More relaxed. "That guy you came with. He's not your boyfriend, is he?"
"Huh?"
"His father is a patient." His holds up a finger as if attempting to tell me off but his moves are sluggish. His face is droopy. His words are slightly slurred. "Very, very naughty." I don't react to his comment. Instead I leave the basket and move for the door. He blocks it.
"Excuse me," I politely state. He doesn't move and in one swift movement he shuts the door, leaving the two of us alone. My arms feel a bit shaky. "I said excuse me." My voice is firmer this time. As I my move for the door again, he grabs my arms. His grip is ironclad.
"Let's stop pretending," he slurs. "I know how you really feel about me." My entire body starts to tense up as I realize that his strength outweighs mine.
"I'm not pretending," I firmly state. "Let go of me and open the door."
"No." His gazes wanders to my breasts. He stares at them, undressing me with his eyes. His grip goes even tighter. I can feel bruising down to my bone. My brain goes haywire in a panic. How am I going to get out of this?
"Let go," I say again. Instead of obeying he leans closer. His breath makes me feel nauseous. "Let go!" At first I'm afraid to scream but it's the only thing that seems to faze him. "Let go!" He smiles and starts to grab. I feel like an immovable block of ice. I don't know what to do as he forcefully touches me. I flail my arms, hoping that might work but Dr. P worked out. That is apparent by his strength. My eyes go wide as I realize what's about to happen. No. That kind of stuff doesn't happen to me.
I flail my arms but he has me pinned against the wall. He shifts his weight so I can't even move my legs. I feel disgustingly helpless.
"Kat-" The door flies open and Jack stops mid-sentence. I see a glimpse of his face and his cheeks turn fiery red. He grabs Dr. P by the shoulders and yanks him back with colossal force. My arms are still shaky. I feel like a whirlwind is scrambling all the thoughts in my head. I almost feel dizzy enough to drop to the floor. Anything to forget.
"Back off-" But Dr. P wasn't conscious to finish his warning. Jack's fist zooms at his face. I hear a gurgling noise - the sound of his skin smashing against the muscles in his face.
"Follow me," Jack calmly grabs my quivering hand and pulls me from my nightmare. I'm speechless but Jack doesn't ask questions. He walks me outside and to the parking lot. I'm in a daze, still trying to make sense of what had happened. I replay every second of it in my head. It makes me livid every time. All I want to know is why? "Watch your head." Jack opens the door to his Camaro and helps me into the passenger's seat. "You want me to take you home?" I slowly shake my head. "Your parent's house?" Definitely not. I shake my head again. "Tell me where then?"
"I just want to . . . sleep or something," I finally answer.
"Okay," Jack agrees. He starts driving and I'm still struggling to cope. I don't know whether to cry or scream. I blush, embarrassed that Jack had to see me like that. So helpless.
"I . . . he-"
"Take your time," Jack interrupts. "You don't have to explain unless you want to." He turns down another street I don't recognize.
"Thanks," I mutter. I hold in tears. Jack parks in front of a brick townhouse with a peach tree out front. "Where are we?" 
He grins.
"My place." He helps me out of the passenger's seat. I stumble along the sidewalk, staring at my feet. I just want to be in a closed room. By myself. I need to be alone.
"It's . . ."It isn't a messy bachelor pad with toilet paper hanging from the trees.
"Easy." He leads me to the front door and opens it, revealing even more surprises. Two words describe the condition of his place. Simple and clean. There isn't much color. No fancy decor. No impressive sculptures or art pieces like Rex's flat. Instead the living area has two navy couches, a TV, and sliding glass doors that showcases a fenced yard with more peach trees. I stare down at the floor.
"I thought you said you lived alone," I comment.
"I do." A bushy gray dog walks up to him and sits. "Good girl, Nikki. Let's show Kat to the guest room." Jack gestures towards the stairs. "You said you wanted to sleep? It's quiet up there." 
For once I can breathe. I rub the side of my sweaty face, my mind taking me to dark places. Nothing is going right. I am a terrible person and this is my punishment. Rex probably just felt sorry for me after what had happened. Or maybe he just wants a quick piece of action. Either way I am a fool. I clutch my sides, feeling like my stomach is about to do a somersault and spill all of its contents on the floor.
"Um . . . I'll just . . . stay down here. I don't want to be alone with my thoughts."
"Sure." Jack nods like it's no big deal. He flips on the television and lets Nikki outside. I sit on the couch, hoping to get lost in some reality TV. "Something to drink?"
"Something strong."


We spend the next few hours drinking and watching reality game shows. Well I am drinking. And in the process of trying to forget, I help myself to Jack's end of the couch. I feel safe at his side. His muscled arm is around my shoulders, holding me close to him. The heat leaving his skin makes me comfortable enough to lightly doze. But sleep will only bring on Sunday. One day closer to my work week. I don't know if I can handle passing Dr. P in the hallway. How am I supposed to act and will he even remember what he tried to do? 
"Pops and I used to watch this a lot," Jack smiles, pointing at the screen. I scoot closer to his rising chest. He continues the conversation, avoiding the obvious. But I know he likes holding me. I can feel it.
"Earl? The Bachelor? I don't believe it."
"Only so he could pinpoint everything wrong with all the contestants," he chuckles.
"Okay," I giggle. My head is buzzing. "I believe you now."
"No really. He told me all the reasons why these girls weren't in serious relationships already."
"So he's a psychologist too," I joke. I rest my head on Jack's chest, afraid of time passing too quickly.
"He's everything."
"Did he analyze you?"
"What do you mean?" Jack takes another sip of his drink.
"You know," I go on. "Like why you're not in a serious relationship?"
"You don't want to hear that," he replies.
"I'm pretty sure I do." I take my millionth sip of wine. I have already gone past my limit, though Jack cut me off once already. I guess the fit I threw was enough for him to pour me one last glass. "Is it the scruff?" I reach up and rub his chin.
"Why is that such a big deal?"
"What did he say?" I blurt out. I turn towards him so our mouths are facing each other. My eyes lock onto his and can't rip away.
"He said I was too distant." His expression is soft again. A look that contrasts with the sharpness of his nose and jaw. But it makes him look sincere. "He said it was because I had a problem opening up to people."
"Not me," I say quietly.
"I know." His hand lightly massages the back of my head, moving through each strand of caramel hair like they are strands of fine gold. I mean something to him, and after tonight he means something to me.
Lost in each other's gaze, I lean even closer. The rest of the world is absent from my thoughts. My head buzzes again, sending me head first into a vision of Jack and me together. I can't object. I have no strength to remove myself from this couch. I think back to the moment we first met. My heart drums as I remember my initial attraction to him.
Jack tightens his grip, moving his hands to my waist and my back. I feel my muscles relax and press into his. Jack waits for my approval before he kisses me. I rub my finger on his stubbled cheek. His chest flexes and he kisses me. He starts off slow, nibbling the corners of my mouth. Then he enjoys the full plumpness of my lips. Our tongues intertwine, exploring the unknown. He gently reclines, taking me with him until we're lying flat on the couch.
The thrill of his body against mine brings my blood to a boil. Heat simmers slowly throughout my limbs, creating pleasurable tingles that finally reach my thighs. Jack's hand moves to my stomach. He gently rubs the skin on my abs, kissing firmer until his mouth moves to my neck. I tilt my head back and close my eyes, breathing heavily. I open my mouth and let whatever noise I feel fit escape. Our rhythmic movements make me feel alive.

Chapter Eight


My eyes open in a bed with cotton sheets. Navy blue. My sheets aren't navy blue, and my bed doesn't face an open window. Sunlight pours into the room, adding to my pounding headache. I wrack my brain trying to remember what had happened last night. I vaguely remember the horror story involving Dr. Perv. I rub my head, smoothing the blanket around me and the realization hits. 
This isn't my room.
These aren't my sheets. I roll over and all my questions are answered. Jack is next to me. Shirtless. His muscles look like they've been chiseled into a tan block of clay. His chest slowly rises and though his eyes are shut, his heavy arm is closed around me. Oh no!
It's like a scene from a movie. Classic. I quietly try to crawl out from under Jack's arm. My pants are on the floor. My head pounds as I wiggle out of his hold. I step onto the floor and grab my jeans.
"Hey," he softly opens his eyes. I freeze. "Where you going?" I turn to him, scared to ask him what went on between us. The memories are fuzzy and I'm praying the scene before me isn't what it looked like.
"Home?"
"Before breakfast?"
Crap. 
The breakfast line. 
I did sleep with him.
"Yes?" I stall for time.
"Is that a question?" He sits up, his full torso is in view with a swirly tattoo that covers his shoulder. His eyes seem to yearn for mine. "Come back to bed. I'll make us something." The tone of his voices tempts me. My body wants to climb back into his embrace but my head is sounding the alarm. What are you doing? Rex is the one! Not Jack!
"I'm not hungry." I hurriedly dress myself and ignore the look of disappointment on his face. "Did we?" My head feels like it's being pricked with tiny needles. Jack grins.
"No," he answers. 
Relief. 
"Oh."
"You don't remember?" he asks. I dig deeper and the image of Jack kissing me sends my heart soaring.
"No," I lie. "I just remember the party and . . ." The pain returns. I'm no longer numbed from the agony that had taken place. A scar will rip open every time I walk down the halls of Harrison Memorial.
"Yeah," he hangs his head as if he understands. Strangely, I feel like he does. "That was unfortunate and most importantly, not your fault."
"Jack, what you did . . ." I swallow hard. "Thank you." 
He nods.
"A second thank you? I'm flattered." 
"What do I do at work tomorrow?" I blurt out. It is the first thing I think about.
"You report him."
"I can't do that," I disagree. So everyone in the hospital can know what happened? So perv boy can make my life a living hell or conveniently get me fired?
"Why not?"
"It'll cause too many problems." I turn my head, blushing again. I still feel embarrassed that Jack had to see me at a low. Wide-eyed and screaming with no control of the situation. I should've been smarter. More alert.
"Nah." He stands up, flexing his core. My cheeks go from pink to scarlet. "That bastard deserves to be fired."
"And let's hope he doesn't try to sue you for what you did to his face."
"He would have to remember me first," he chuckles. "Kat, he was plastered. I doubt he'll even remember what he did. But you should still report him."
"I'll think about it." I only say it to make him happy. "But I've got to go."
"Why?"
My head spins trying to think up an excuse. I can't stay. I have to get it together . . . somewhere else. "I have errands to run and . . . I'm supposed to be to my parent's for lunch." That is sort of true. I can call them and arrange it. I haven't talked to Leah since Jenna's engagement party.
"Of course." He doesn't protest as I grab my things and run for the exit like a crazy person. But then I realize.
"Where's my car?"

*          *          *

My drive home with Jack was awkward but not as awkward as being back at work after mysteriously disappearing on Saturday. Sadie rushes down the hall. The look on her face tempts me to turn around and run.
"What happened to you?" She grabs the side of my arm so I can't escape.
"I uh . . . had to leave."
"You missed an epic titanic scene. Dr. Saxten totally iceburged." Her red locks fly across her face as she looks around to make sure no one is eavesdropping.
"Sadie, what does that even mean?"
"It means he's splitso." She looks around a second time. "He's gone."
"Gone where?" My heart leaps.
"After you left, he made a fool of himself. And in a drunken rage he totally grabbed Mrs. Nelson's assets! Mrs. Nelson. As in the Nelson pediatric wing?"
"So he's?" I feel like yelling through a megaphone.
"Been forced into a leave of absence until he can see a shrink about it."
"Wow." Suddenly things are looking up, and I don't have to look into the face of my tormentor today. Maybe never again.
"Yeah wow," Sadie giggles. "Now tell me about you and Jack. Was he the one whose house you were stuck naked in?"
"Sadie," I hush. "Keep your voice down."
"I wouldn't have to ask except you always leave me out of the loop."
"Okay," I laugh.
"See what I mean."
"It wasn't Jack," I admit. "I was at Rex's place." Her eyes open wider.
"You little-"
"Please don't say hussy." I am feeling bad enough that I promised myself to Rex. I'd gone further with Jack than I should have. "Jack and I just talked." I have been lying a lot the past week.
"And . . ." Sadie knows I am holding back. She raises her eyebrows, waiting for the rest.
"I fell asleep in his bed. That's all." I see the wheels turning in her brain. Her face lights up. "That's all." I turn the opposite direction. "I need to go check on Earl." Sadie shrugs and lets me go. I take a few calming breaths as I wander to Earl's new room. He is in critical condition and no longer in my assigned section. I push open the door, relieved that I don't have to face Jack too. The room is empty except for an occupied hospital bed.
Earl has even more monitors at his side. The excessive tubes are probably driving him nuts. He smiles when he sees me but he can hardly turn his head. His skin is pale and his collar bones protrude through his gown.
"Kat." My heart sinks when I hear his raspy voice force itself to speak.
"Well look at you," I say, upbeat. "You're lookin' good."
"How many times have you lied today?" His look is smug. Um a lot.
"I came to see how they're treating you over here," I continue. It breaks my heart to see him this way.
"Well," he forces himself to say. "They don't sneak me Junior Mints from the cafeteria." 
I shrug.
"What's the matter?"
"Nothing," I reply, amazed at how well he can read me.
"You're face tells me otherwise."
I walk closer to his side, letting him squeeze my hand. His skin is dry and his hair is thinning.
"It's been an interesting week." That's the only way I can describe it.
"You're telling me," he says slowly. "Is my boy minding his manners?"
"Yes," I reassure him. "Don't worry about that."
"Jack is good kid." He turns his head away from the monitors, avoiding looking at the IV stuck in his hand. "When you've lived as long as me, the rough weeks don't really matter. Family matters. Friends matter. Don't give up what you got."
"I won't," I respond. I suddenly feel stressed that all these tubes and machines are keeping him hostage. It is clear to me that this is not what he wants. "You give good advice."
"I've seen lots of things," his raspy voice croaks. He coughs, covering his mouth with his hand. "Want to know my advice for you?" I nod, and Earl just smiles. "Someday, my dear. You come see me again and I'll tell you."
"Deal," I agree, though curious as to what he is thinking. I leave his room in a trance. Earl's hoarse words play over and over again in my head. I pull out my cell phone. It is time to stop being childish. Life isn't supposed to be a competition, and I am in a bind.
The phone rings and I get Holly's answering machine. I dial the number to the dance studio, expecting to hear her voice pick up.
"Grandview Dance Company, this is Sara."
"Oh," I respond. "Sorry I was hoping to speak to Holly. Is she there?"
"Oh Holly," the girl says sounding excited. "No I'm afraid she's on vacation."
"Vacation?"
"Yes. She took the week off to go to England. Isn't that exciting?"
My chest pounds and the blood in my veins pumps vigorously through my body. My forehead is so steamy it can grill a kabob. "WHAT?"

Chapter Nine


"She did what?" Leah yells at the television set. She resumes painting her fingers bright pink before the polish drips on the couch. Jenna clatters some pots and pans in the kitchen. "Quiet in there. I'm trying to watch a Kardashian throw down." I see Jenna glare in her direction and bang the cupboards even louder. "Don't mind her . . . she just saw some pics from the engagement party." Leah's apartment reminds me of mine and Holly's in college. Fancy furniture covered with clothes and a kitchen that smells like cupcakes. That is the scented candle.
"Did you even hear what I said?" I repeat. She is the last person I can turn to. I am coming to my little sister for advice. The girl who will most likely ditch a final for a free manicure . . . okay spa treatment.
"Yeah I heard you. I knew you would hit it off with that richy." She tosses her caramel curls. They are longer and curlier than mine.
"That's not the problem," I respond. "Look, are you going to turn that off or what?"
"I would but someone deleted my saved recordings." She finishes off her sentence with a yell into the kitchen. Jenna comes walking into the family room wearing a tank top and tiny shorts. Her short hair is wet and combed back, and her face looks like it's been freshly moisturized.
"Kat," she smiles. "So nice to see an Artino girl who knows how to keep her mouth shut at 2 a.m."
"You're complaining about that when you and Keith text all night every night?" Leah sits up looking smug.
"That's different," Jenna shouts.
"You're right," Leah giggles. "I meant to say sexting." Jenna stamps her foot and turns to me.
"Kat, I'd love it if you could make it to my bridal shower next week. Looks like I might be cutting out an invitation." She marches to her room and slams the door. Leah is still smiling. Maybe Holly and I were perfect roommates back in the day.
"She'll come around," Leah comments. "She always does. Plus, I'm the one throwing the bridal shower so . . ."
"Right."
"So what's your dilemma, big sis?" She finally mutes the TV and leans forward. "Hot guys? Sweet dilemma."
"It's more complicated than that, Leah. I'm . . ." I hardly admitted this to myself but I guess it is true. "I'm falling for two different guys." Leah raises her perfectly waxed eyebrows.
"Who? Rich guy?"
"Yes Rex is one," I nod. "And the other. A guy named Jack I met at the hospital a while back."
"And he's hot too, right?"
"Is that all you care about?"
"What?" She throws her arms out like I'm crazy. "Am I supposed to pretend that a healthy sex life doesn't add points?" 
I am in the dark on that one with both guys.
"Yes he's hot."
"Thank you," she replies. "Problem solved. Which one makes you happy?"
"If I really knew that I wouldn't be here."
She nods, pausing for a second and blows on her nails. I am not sure why I am coming to her for advice. Leah hasn't had a monogamous relationship since the third grade.
"Nah," she disagrees. "That can't be true."
"I assure you it is." Rex is perfect, but he has yet to experience the sarcasm and crying episodes. Well . . . not yet.
"Okay," she continues. "Which one are you most comfortable with?" I am not sure I can answer that either.
"I don't know?"
"Okay you're making this really difficult," Leah mumbles.
"That is kind of the reason why I'm sitting here." I rub my forehead. I can't stop thinking about London. Rex. And what Holly and Rex are doing over there. "Holly went to England." It flies out of my mouth. Leah looks shocked.
"Spill." She raises her eyebrows. "I knew something else was going on here."
"Holly and I aren't really speaking at the moment."
"Shocker," she mutters. I narrow my eyes. "What? This isn't the first time. Jus sayin'."
"You know the night I met Rex?"
"How could I forget." She winks and lightly blows on her nails again.
"Well . . . Holly met Rex too. That same night."
"Dang," she laughs. "That girl works fast."
"I don't think you get it, sis. I'm seeing Rex. And Holly is seeing Rex! At least trying to."
"So tell her to back off," Leah suggests.
"Oh of course." My sarcastic reply is automatic. "Why didn't I think of that?"
"Because you're an idiot," she smiles. Leah stands up and retreats to the kitchen for a box of crackers. "It sounds to me like you already know what to do."
"Huh?"
"Think about it," she points out. "Rex is getting double action here, and I haven't heard a complication yet associated with the other guy. Choose the other guy."
"But there's an issue there too," I continue. "He's . . . well he's-"
"You say anything about the list and I slap you!"
"Hey," I stand up. "That list has saved me from years of heartbreak."
"And you've still never found the guy for you. Now why is that?" She sits on the kitchen counter and chomps on a cracker like her accusations are no big deal. Like she's not insulting the rule book by which I have been living my life for almost ten years.
"Okay this was a mistake," I respond, grabbing my things. "I'll figure it out. I always figure stuff out." I speed walk towards the door.
"Hold it!" Leah shouts. She runs to the door, a genuine look of concern on her face. "Kat, you need to take a good look at what's going on here. For once, take my advice."
"Your advice?"
"Yes," she laughs. "Take it from someone who's made every mistake in the book."
"I can't believe you're actually admitting that."
"Yeah well." She tilts her head, a serious expression on her face. "No matter who you pick, make sure he's someone who will still love you at your absolute worst."
"Wow," I say in a low voice. "That's actually good advice."
"Yeah," she jokingly nudges me out the door. "Too bad I don't follow it myself."

*          *          *

I am in the middle of week two, waiting for a call from Rex, going insane that Holly boarded a plane for England without telling me. Did I mention I am going insane? For once, I got some solid advice. I am just not sure what to do with it. As far as I can see neither guy has seen me at my absolute low . . . sort of. Rex has seen me make an absolute fool of myself in front of his colleagues and Jack was present for my scary closet incident. 
It is a draw.
I walk down the halls of Harrison Memorial a little skittish, hoping my cell phone will vibrate at any moment. Like Holly is really going to call you back. I spot Jack's face in the distance. It catches me off guard. I try not to blush as my brain rushes back to the night we spent together. Waking up in his bed confused me. It was . . . almost rejuvenating. The thought intrigued me.
"Kat," he speaks first.
"Jack." It is our first time speaking since the awkward ride home. I try to avoid the obvious subject immediately. "How's Earl doing?" Jack sighs, hanging his head.
"He's going fast, Kat." The news we both knew was coming. I can feel a sharp pain start to pulse near my heart.
"Jack I'm so-"
"He's been asking to see you all morning," Jack continues.
"Really?"
He nods in the other direction. I follow his instructions and pop into Earl's room again. His face is paler and the tubes and monitors seem to have sunk his spirits. His face looks sunken in and dry.
"Earl?" He can barely turn towards me.
"There you are," he whispers. He can't smile, and his eyes are only halfway open. I hold back a tear.
"You wanted to see me?"
"Yes," he barely forces out of his mouth. The way his skin crinkles around his mouth makes him look older. I listen intently, taking his hand. "My advice." My eyes water.
"I can always use good advice."
"You're still single." He pauses to take a breath. "Because you're afraid." 
I nod.
"Afraid of what exactly?"
"Of him," he whispers back. I look around the empty room. Earl stares up at the ceiling.
"Who?"
"Him," he mutters. He opens his mouth but can't say much more. He coughs and opens his mouth again. "He loves you, my dear." My heart pounds, knowing who Earl must have meant. But I am too nervous to admit it.
"Does he?" I say in a quiet voice. Earl forces a smile and gently rubs my hand. 
Does Jack really love me? 
Even after the way I turned him down? My mind wanders back to Rex and our time spent together. 
Does Rex love me?
"Take care of him," Earls coughs. "Please."
"I will," I promise.

Chapter Ten


It came. The phone call I have been eagerly waiting for and dreading at the same time. Rex is home. I can hardly make it to the weekend without showing up at his doorstep but last time I did that it was disastrous. I pushed Jack far back in my mind, hoping that if I spent more time with Rex I would know for sure that he is the one for me.
I smooth my pencil skirt as I approach the elevator. My legs are shaky as I push the button to Rex's flat. Last time I pushed this button I flashed an old woman and almost gave her a stroke. As long as Rex and I are alone I will be okay. My chest flutters as the doors open. Rex is waiting in an Armani suit. His hair is gelled, face shaven, and I can smell the spicy scent of his aftershave. He's holding something. A box with a precisely tied bow. He immediately hands it to me.
"For you," he says. His first words since returning to San Francisco.
"Is this supposed to be an apology?" Our eyes lock and there is no denying the attraction between us. The energy pulses strong. I hang onto that feeling, desperately wanting it to be enough.
"It's a start." He brushes my delicate hand as he passes the box to me. It's light and shiny. I pull the bow and put a smile on my face before I even open it.
"Is this?"
"Just open it," he urges. Is this it? The one thing I've been after for so long? And why isn't Rex down on one knee? My mind is buzzing in my ears as I open the box. A flash of something shiny gets me excited and I pull out a diamond necklace. Not what I was hoping for but still the most expensive present I've ever received. I swoon and hold the gift to my neck, moving my blouse slightly so the necklace rests on the skin of my chest.
"I love it," I respond.
"I knew you would." He walks forward and gently clasps the gift around my neck. He's breathing heavily, eyeing the top of my cleavage. His hand slips around my waist and I'm instantly pulled back to where we left off. My back is pressed against his front. I can feel his excitement as he runs his fingers along the top of my neckline. He passionately kisses my cheek. My legs feel weak like they want to drop to the floor.
I turn and kiss him, letting my fingers unbutton his shirt. I've finally see the sight I've been fantasizing about. 
Well, one of them. 
Rex's hands rub the back of my neck as he pulls me farther down the hall.
"Are we alone?" I whisper, remembering the horror of last time.
"Completely," Rex answers. He can barely contain himself. I feel his hand running along my zipper, freeing me of another layer. My mind is in a trance and my body is pulsing as I wait for what Rex has planned for me.
"And-" I can barely get a word out as Rex firmly kisses me again, this time doing me the favor of removing his shirt. His muscles flex as he grabs me again. His warm skin brushes against mine. My heart drums and my chest burns, desperately wanting to be bare. It is happening. Rex and I are finally alone, and our desires are about to take over. "But-"
"Shhh," he holds a finger to my lips and clutches the side of my thigh. Waves of heat pulse through me. I tilt my head back, letting my hair swing wildly.
I can't concentrate with the blinking question in my brain. The thing I've been thinking about for a week is still unanswered. Is this how Rex planned on explaining everything?
"Rex," I breathe. He's lost in the curves of my hips. "Rex." He pulls at my blouse and I stop his hand. "Rex, there's something I need to know."
"Now?" He massages the sides of my stomach and slowly circles farther down.
"Yes," I whisper. I can't lose myself until I know. I have to know.
"Okay," he says, disappointed. He frees his hands, stopping the rubs, the kisses, and the numbing tingles. "What's wrong?"
"It's not that I don't . . . I mean . . ." Why is this so difficult? He isn't into Holly. This is just verification. He wouldn't be pulling me to bed if he were into Holly, right?
"Just say what's bothering you," he impatiently steps in. I grip the shimmery diamond around my neck.
"It's just." I take a deep breath.
"It's the diamond isn't it? You don't like it."
"No." I smile. "I love it. Really."
"Is it the traveling thing, darling?" he eagerly asks. "Because there's nothing I can do to change that. This is how's it's going to be."
"No," I softly mutter. "No, I understand that's part of your job." I am delaying mentioning another girl when the two of us are minutes away from having sex for the first time. "It's . . . we never got to talk about you and . . . Holly." There. I said it! I said the word"Holly" and Rex didn't respond to it the way I hoped. 
His face slightly flinches at the mention of her.
"Holly?" He looks away for a minute. "What about her?" The flame inside me dies as I watch him uncomfortably adjust his unbuttoned pants.
"I only want the truth," I continue. "Are you and Holly . . . is something going on between the two of you?"
"Where is this coming from?" He steps back, fixing his messy hair. "You only met her that one time."
"Yeah." And she won over your crazy mother. Remember that? "And do you blame me for wondering what's going on between you?" I follow Rex to the posh leather sofa in his living room. He sits down.
"Okay," he replies. "You have a point. I do owe you an explanation." He rubs the cushion next him and gestures for me to sit down. "Holly and I met around the same time you and I did." 
Try, the same night.
"Yeah," I encourage him to continue.
"The two of us talked, we had a few laughs-"
"And?"
"And that's it," he finishes. But that can't be it. Holly would never let things slide that easily.
"Are you sure?"
"Kat," he says, cupping both my shoulders. His dark eyes take hold of me, putting me under a spell. In this moment I believe him and I want our fantasy to come true. "You're the one. You're the one I'm going to marry." The words hit me hard. It is like a million dollars worth of Jimmy Choos fell into my lap.
"You want to-"
"Yes," he smiles. "Kat, you're the girl I've been looking for. You're calm, you're smart, you're sexy."
"And your mom?"
"Will learn to love you," he finishes. He cups my cheek and the electricity between us sparks again. "Kat, I'm going to announce our engagement next weekend. Only if you'll accept of course."
"Yes," I blurt out. How can I say no? Rex is hot, loaded, and I will finally get the chance to plan my dream wedding. "Yes!" I lean forward and kiss him. This time all my worries are tossed aside. This is the answer I've been hoping for. The revelation I need. Who to choose? I can't believe that choice was ever clouded. It is obvious. It was always Rex. I let out a sigh of relief. I almost ruined this moment by climbing into bed with the wrong guy. Well we did climb into bed but nothing happened.
I let Rex kiss me and wander to all the places he has only been thinking about until now. He aggressively picks me up and sets me on his lap, his trousers off and his chest racing. He pulls my thighs again and I let the euphoria of this moment take the lead. Rex tugs at strands of my hair, rhythmically moving me against him.
I couldn't have imagined our first time more perfect.


I wake up in a comfy bed with silky sheets. Rex is sitting next to me, typing on his laptop. His bare arm is flexed and the sheets drape his body just enough to tease me. I sneak a look at his lean body - the body that had carried me through a night of hotness. I smile, touching the tip of his side.
"Good morning," he says, still typing. He pauses for a moment. "Breakfast?"
"Mmm," I respond. "What do you have in mind?" I wait for him to grab me by the thighs and take me on another climatic journey. Instead he looks at the clock on his bedside table.
"Actually we should get going," he says, closing his laptop. "I had a few shops open early for us." He grins, waiting for me to sit up and squeal.
"We're going shopping?"
"Well yeah," he chuckles. "We've got to get you something for next week."
"Of course."
"I thought you'd be pleased?" He stands up, his sculpted buttocks in full view.
"I am," I argue. "Really."
"Good." He disappears into the bathroom and I hear the shower switch on. His voice echoes through the bedroom. "Now come join me."

*          *          *

It is the first time I've been escorted around Union Square with a body guard. A sidewalk is blocked off so we can shop.  Flashing bulbs make it hard to think. Rex hands me a pair of sunglasses so my eyes can relax from the constant paparazzi pictures. I hold tight to Rex's arm and follow him into Burberry. The store is empty apart from a beaming manager.
"Right over there love," Rex instructs. I'm immediately nudged into a dressing room full of outfits. All of them have been chosen for me. Dark colors. Form fitting. Sleek. Not really my style. When it comes to a gorgeous dress I am drawn to color. "Go ahead." Rex is sitting on the other side. I hear a woman bringing him coffee.
"Sure," I agree. "But I would like to take a look at some things myself." I unbutton my blouse and begin trying to stuff my hips into these tiny sizes.
"No time for that I'm afraid," he responds. "Don't worry. All those were picked by a professional stylist. They're the absolute best the store can offer, darling." I stare at myself in the mirror, sucking in my stomach and literally squeezing myself into the first dress on the rack. It is black with a goldish belt that is supposed to tie around my waist. I finally get the thing on and adjust the hem.
"Uh-"
"Let me see," Rex responds. He gets up and opens the dressing room door before I have the chance to argue. He nods.
"Very nice. Try on the next one." It is becoming more and more clear that Rex is doing the choosing here.
"Eh," I spin around. "I'm not sure I like it."
"Really?" His eyes do a once-over. He grins, shutting the dressing room door behind him and letting his gaze slip down to my bare legs. "Because I think it looks lovely." I let him kiss me with a yearning look on his face. His hands feel the luscious curve of my hips and slips under the hem.
"Do you," I smile, letting his fingers caress my pulsing skin.
"Now," he whispers. "Try the rest on so we can go somewhere else." He winks, leaving me alone again to change into other look-alikes. I hear my cell phone buzz. I have a new text message. It's from Holly. I stare at her name, sure that the message will be something about London. The studio must have told her that I called. I touch my screen. 
Hi. We need to talk.
Talk about what? About how she flew across the world without telling me? It is too late for that. Rex had chosen his girl. 
He chose me.
What about? I text back.
You know what about. Her reply comes immediately.
I can't. And that is the truth. I am not going to step aside and I am not about to cut down on the little time I have to spend with Rex before the announcement. There is no way she could ruin this for me now. 
Oh wait . . . there is one way.
Please, Kat. Her keenness makes me nervous. She wouldn't. We played this her way and I still won. 
I know about London. I push send. My heart pounds, and not just because Rex is hovering on the other side of the door while I undress.
We still need to talk, she writes back. I put down my phone, ignoring her. Things are about to change drastically for me. I am not going to let Holly mess with my head or make me feel guilty anymore. I've done it. I have finally done it. I met a guy that hit all the check points and now we are on our way to announcing our engagement. A little voice in my head makes me wince. And when Rex finds out about you and Holly? That won't happen for a while. I will make sure of that.

Chapter Eleven


I am on cloud nine, walking into Jenna's bridal shower in my new Burberry dress and matching heels. A designer Marc Jacobs bag hanging over my shoulder and new Gucci shades to hide my eyes from paps. Leah's eyes go wide as I sit on the couch in the hotel lobby and cross my legs.
"Kat," she says looking stunned. "You . . ."
"I know," I reply. "I look a million times better."
"Actually." Leah shakes her head. "I was going to say . . ." I stare at her. "Never mind. You're right. You look great." I smile as Jenna and her other bridesmaids join us. A waiter hands everyone a champagne glass.
"To Jenna," Leah toasts. She drinks and stands up as the server escorts us to our party room. "See," Leah whispers. "Told you she would get over it." Jenna smiles and practically bounces down the hall. They are back on good speaking terms.
"Impressive," I mutter. Leah nods, pleased with herself. We follow the girls to a room decorated with bundled roses and a rectangular table full of beautifully wrapped presents. All from Keith's side of the family.
"Oh my gosh." Jenna can barely pull herself away. She immediately picks up a box labeled Tiffany & Co. "You guys shouldn't have."
"Thank your fianc," Leah mumbles, sitting at a table. The place settings are labeled and I move around the room looking for my name.
"Right here," a familiar voice calls. I see Holly's slim face and curled blond locks. She's wearing a red dress and she has a worried look on her face. The sight of her makes my stomach feel sour. I still can't swallow her betrayal. I smile trying not to seem too smug but the tables have turned. Now she is playing victim? After all the things she said to me at The Four Seasons. How she embarrassed me in front of my future mother in law.
"Hmmm."
"Listen Kat," she mutters. She looks skinnier than usual. "I need to talk to you." I ignore her as Jenna stands to thank everyone. "Kat."
"Now isn't the time," I say through my teeth. I tug at the diamond around my neck. It isn't an engagement ring but it is enough to get the message across.
"Who wants more bubbly?" Jenna practically jumps up and down. "Holly?"
"No," she says, looking annoyed. "Kat, we need to talk right now." Jenna stops talking as the entire room looks at us, including Keith's mom and grandma. I try to look poised as Holly raises her voice. I blush.
"Holly-"
"I'm sick of this, Kat!" she yells, jumping up. Jenna steps aside looking bewildered. I feel my fiery cheeks. Attention. That's all Holly cares about is freakin' attention.
"Fine," I respond. "You want to do this now? Let's do this now. I know what you did, Holly. I know you went to London."
"I had to."
"No you didn't." I ignore Leah's light tug on my arm. "That's just it. I played your stupid game Holly and guess what? You lost. Lost, okay! Why can't you just be happy for me?"
"That outfit," she laughs. "The necklace. You think that proves anything?"
"We're getting engaged," I blurt out. Holly looks startled by the news. The hurt in her eyes is immediately gratifying and then it stings. Her eyes go watery as she studies me up and down.
"You're lying," she says quietly and on the verge of tears. 
The room is silent.
"I don't lie," I smugly respond. I give her the look. The one she taught me in high school. It is the look that says I'm better than you. I'm smarter than you. I'm the one on top. It is cruel but it is my first reaction after what had happened between us. She lied about everything. The moment Rex came up, our relationship changed. Or maybe it is the truth finally coming to light.
"He loves me," she continues. The words pierce me like an arrow through the skin. The look on her face pours salt in my open wound. She is telling the truth. I can see it on her face.
"But he's marrying me," I retaliate. 
"What is going on?" I hear Jenna whisper.
"It's over between you, Kat." Holly grabs her purse and stumbles halfway to the door.
"Really?" I can't let it go. Her jealousy is eating away at me. What does she want me to say? Okay, you win? "You came all the way here to threaten me?"
"Kat!" The tears finally break through and the pain on her face is unbearable to watch. "I'm pregnant." My jaw drops. I gulp, feeling sick to my stomach. After everything Rex and I talked about - the night we spent together. 
She can't be pregnant.
"Don't lie to me-"
"I'm not lying!" She storms out, clutching her stomach. The room starts to spin and my mind dwells on Rex. 
His face. 
His words. 
His promises. 
I feel like I might faint.
"Sis," Leah steadies me. "You okay?" I nod, feeling the urge to rip off my diamond necklace and stomp on it.
"Well," Jenna stands up again. She looks at the dismayed faces around the room. "Those are the Artino girls for you." She laughs uncomfortably. "Who wants tea and cake?"

*          *         *

"She's chalk full of it, girl." I sit with Sadie in the cafeteria. I have to talk to someone. My engagement dinner is approaching fast and I still haven't told my parents. I can barely face Rex and Holly hasn't contacted me since the bridal shower. It is classic Kat. Just when things start going my way, it all starts to fall apart. 
Is my fianc cheating? 
Is my best friend lying?
"Crap," I mutter. "I need to visit Earl today before I forget again."
"I bet she's lying," Sadie goes on. "Can't you like look up her file?"
"Sadie." I stare at the clock, wishing time would slow down. I am running short of it.
"What?" She takes a sip of coffee and smoothes her braided, red hair. "You said it first. Give her a test or something."
"That would require stealing her urine," I roll my eyes. "We're not that close."
"No sicko," she answers. "Offer her a drink or something."
"I told you, she didn't drink any champagne at the shower."
"No I mean have someone else offer her a drink," Sadie responds. "She's not going to drink right in front of you. You have to keep it on the DL."
"Nothing's going to work." I rub my forehead, feeling my head get warmer. "I'm going to be sick. I'm not even pregnant and I'm nauseous just thinking about all this." Sadie pats my back. "I'm such a wreck."
"Are you kidding? You're living a real life soap opera." She takes another sip of her coffee. "Rick doesn't let me watch One Life to Live anymore. He says it's because there's no room on our DVR but then he records like fifty episodes of Sports Center and-"
"Sadie," I interrupt. My head is splitting from all the noise. And on top of that, all the inner turmoil makes it so I can't think straight. I had to read Milly Rile's file five times before realizing all I had to do today was collect a blood sample. 
I am out of it.
"Sorry." She takes a deep breath for me and rubs my back. "Go visit Earl before your shift is over. I'll come up with a covert op."
"Right," I reply, standing up and wandering through the halls. All I can think about is what to say to Rex. How am I even supposed to approach him? And what if he calls off the engagement?
"Are you looking for Earl Hayes?" I hadn't even noticed the weird stares and the vacant room in front of me.
"Yeah?"
The nurse shakes her head. "He passed away early this morning." A sudden jolt seems to restart my heart and all feeling leaves in my body. I jerk my head around looking for a familiar face. 
Looking for Jack.
"Was anyone here?"
"A younger gentleman," the nurse responds.
"Is he here now?"
"No, sorry."
I'm left with a gaping hole that gets bigger and bigger. I need a Valium, anything to make this easy to process. I jog through the halls and find myself searching the entire floor for Jack. 
He is gone. 
Earl is gone and Jack has no reason to wander the halls or sit in the hospital cafeteria anymore. I check my phone. No call from him. It isn't like him to stay away.
I jog back to where Sadie is sitting. She gasps when she sees the look on my face. It must be bad.
"What happened?" she asks.
"He's gone," I stammer. I hear myself talking from far away. My mind is disconnected. 
"Who's gone?" Sadie waves a hand in front of my face. "Who's gone, Kat?" I don't respond. "Is it Earl?" She snaps her fingers. "Kat? Are you under hypnosis or something? Snap out of it." 
I can't. 
My life is falling apart right in front of me.

Chapter Twelve


I walk to my car, hands shaking as I fiddle with my keys. I want go home and get in bed with a bottle of something strong. Maybe I will wake up and realize this is all in my head. I didn't almost sleep with Jack, then get engaged to Rex, then find out my best friend was about to have my future fianc's baby. 
No. 
This is a movie on auto play in the background. I am really passed out on my couch in a box of Cadbury chocolates.
"Kat!" No more surprises. Please. No more surprises. "Kat!" I turn around and see the face I've been searching for all day. The one that confused, tortured me, and made me question the obvious.
"Jack."
"Did you-"
"Yeah." I hang my head. "I heard the news." I avoid making eye contact. It isn't cruel. It is a self-preservation technique. Seeing the look on Jack's face will make me cry and then I won't be able to stop. Next thing you know I will be half-naked in his bedroom. Whoa. "Was it quick?"
"Too quick." The tone of his voice is different. Not as lively as it normally is.
"I'm sorry." A pressure builds behind my eyes. As Jack takes a step closer I hesitate. I can smell aftershave on his cheeks and the brisk movements of his biceps remind me of the night I fell asleep in his arms. "Jack, I can't do this."
"Do what?" He knows what I mean. This. The weird game we are playing with each other's emotions.
"You know what I mean."
"If this is about what happened-"
"Stop," I gulp. I unlock my car. "Jack." I look down at the pavement. "I'm getting engaged." I doesn't sound as good as it felt a few days ago before Jenna's bridal shower.
"You're serious?"
"Yeah," I quietly nod. Jack bites his lip and shakes his head.
"Geez Kat," he mutters. "Are you sure that's really what you want?"
"Of course I'm sure," I raise my voice. Maybe it is the extra coffee, sleepless nights or paranoia. I didn't intend to yell at Jack the day of his father's death. "You couldn't possibly understand!"
"Oh I understand just fine," he answers. His chest puffs out like he's about to take on a UFC fighter. "You'll marry anyone as long as they've got the cash." He cringes after saying it as if wishing he could take it back. I'm startled, and even angrier than before.
"Excuse me? I'm not the one with no job who can't take a wrinkly shirt to the freakin' dry cleaner!"
"I have a job," he snaps back.
"What? Trying to salvage piece of crap condos you probably spent your life savings on?" Jack goes silent. 
I swallow the rest of my words. 
He opens his mouth but quickly closes it.
"Just trying to be a friend," he says quietly and hands me a brown paper bag.
"Jack . . ." He leaves me a frustrated mess. I open the bag and pull out a plastic baggie. 
A sandwich? How comforting. 
My nose crinkles as I take a closer look and realize it's not just a sandwich. It is a ham, cheese, and potato chip sandwich - my grandma's cure for a horrible day. The pressure in my head releases. Another tear and another regret. I just pushed away the last real friend I had left. 

*          *           *

I am about to play dirty rotten trick. One that will surely ruin me but I feel like I am already ruined. I have nothing left to lose. Scratch that . . . I have about a billion things to lose but none of that matters if Holly is carrying Rex's baby. It is decision time. Do I really want to be the ignorant wife that stands by while her husband entertains his mistress? That isn't me. But that is where I am headed.
It is like the time Holly told me she saw Chad and this volleyball chick Sally at the movies together. I didn't believe her but Holly made it her mission to prove it to me. She took a picture that made me want to stay home sick all week. That wasn't the worst part. The worst part was when I let Chad slide by on the excuse that the two of them were lab partners and there wasn't another time for them to meet and do homework. Yeah. High school Kat was stupid. She was inexperienced. Blinded. And adult Kat is turning out to be the same. As much as it sucks to say goodbye to the wardrobe I already bought in my head, I am headed down the Sally road. Holly is just kind enough to be the first rock.
"What's wrong, love?" Rex still looks perfect. He still makes my heart flutter and my arms feel tingly. I still want to call him my husband and plan the princess wedding that will make all my exes jealous. So why the hell am I messing with all that? Backstabber or not, I still care about Holly.
"Nothing," I force a fake smile. Yet. Rex and I sit among flashing cameras, one of our first official outings and I invited the one guest I shouldn't have. Holly. Any minute now she will walk through the front doors of the Paris Cafe and wonder why I asked Rex along to our private dinner.
"Mum will be by later with a few specifics," Rex carries on. 
I take a sip of wine, my stomach ripping itself to shreds. 
Oh Kat. You're about to commit social suicide. 
"Specifics?" Since our agreement, Helen has gone awry planning everything down to the letter. My future is being designed for me. Who knows for how much longer?
"Yes," he replies. He grins and stares at the form-fitting cocktail dress his stylist picked for our first public date. "The menu, the guest list . . ."
"Right," I answer. Rex stares down at his phone.
"Sorry." He answers a call in the middle of the restaurant, ignoring rude glares from surrounding tables. I am getting far too antsy. Maybe I should stand up and call the whole dinner off? I catch a glimpse of blond hair. 
Too late. 
Holly is here and I suspiciously watch the shocked look on Rex's face. He hangs up, concentrating on me. Holly waltzes in wearing a flowy dress that draws attention to her slim shoulders. She looks nervous and she looks pale. She doesn't walk with her usual bounce and chip on her shoulder. This is the right thing to do. It's going to be fine. . . or disastrous!
"Holly." I'm the first to say her name in front of a trigger happy photographer. Rex stands up as Holly approaches the table. She looks at me, her eyes are blank. The same way they were the time she admitted to me her parents were getting a divorce.
"Holly," Rex repeats. He watches me as I smile and ask Holly to sit with us. I can tell he's uncomfortable. He fidgets with his collar and takes a large sip from his glass. Holly gives me a look before slightly licking the excess lip gloss off her bottom lip. 
She really is pregnant. 
My stomach bubbles.
"Rex," Holly replies. "Kat."
"What brings you here?" Rex asks. Holly glances at me. I clutch the knot in my side.
"I invited her," I say. Rex's wide-eyed look isn't short of what my imagination had thought up. 
"Why?" Rex looks nervously at the crowd of photographers near the front windows.
"Because," I continue on. You don't have to do this. Just say you made a mistake. Send Holly home. "The three of us should talk." The words come out and I can't have a redo. 
That's it. It's over. 
I feel Holly's quivering hand squeeze my knee under the table. I look at her, wondering how to start. If I even should start.
"Perhaps we should move this conversation somewhere private," Rex mutters. Holly's hand shakes a bit more. I look to Holly again. She discreetly shakes her head.
"Go ahead Holly," I respond. Rex is on the edge of his seat now, and his reaction makes my muscles tense. Holly holds her chin up, most likely battling an inner demon that claims that baby blackmail is the more rewarding route.
"Rex." Holly sinks her shoulders, on the brink of hyperventilating.
"What's going on?"
"Rex," Holly repeats. "I'm pregnant." The news still stings. I know Holly isn't lying. She isn't saying things just to make me feel like a zero. I can hear the fear in her voice - her realization that everything is about to change. Everything.
What do I expect Rex to do? Deny it. Act like she is loopy. Insist on talking this out somewhere else. I wait for the horrified look or mercy glare in my direction.
"No," Rex shakes his head. He raises his voice. "No, you're not." Holly's eyes go wider.
"Yes," she says again. "I am."
"No. This is another one of your games. You're a liar." He looks at me. "She's a liar."
"I'm not lying," Holly responds, raising her voice too.
"Yes," he insists. "You are."
"No. I'm not."
"Yes. YOU ARE."
Their voices progressively grow louder until I'm caught in the middle of a shouting match. I've never seen Holly so offended. She tosses her hair back and refuses to let a tear reveal what's really going on inside. I gulp as flashes of light blink so fast I cover my eyes.
"I am pregnant!" Holly stamps her foot.
"You can't be."
Holly throws her hands up in the air. "That's what happens when two people have sex!" 
I fold my arms. Rex is hardly acknowledging that his future fianc is in the same room. I bite my lip, not sure how much more I can take.
"We . . . stop lying to me."
"REX!" she screams, getting so worked up that her body starts to shake. Her face goes pale and in an instant she's bending over and puking all over the cafe floor. I stand up, doing my best to hold back her hair. Rex's mouth is open so wide an entire wine bottle can fit inside.
"Is that proof enough for you?" I mumble. Click. Click. Click. I am surprised all the flashing cameras don't make Holly puke a second time.
"Kat . . ." He's speechless. Click. Click. Click.
"Come on Kat," Holly says, wiping her face. She will only be able to hide her embarrassment for so long.
"Kat," he says again. "We need to talk." Click. Click. Click.
"Kat!" Holly yells, on the verge of tears.
"Listen to me love," Rex commands. He directs his instructions at me as if Holly isn't in the room. Is he asking me to choose? Choose between him and my lifelong best friend who is about to be pushed into endless morning sickness and a growing midriff?
"Don't tell her what to do!" Holly shouts. "Let's get out of here, Kat."
"She's messing with you," Rex goes on, taking a step closer to me. "The same way she messed with me."
"Oh, take your head out of your ass," Holly forces herself to laugh. The smell of her morning breakfast starts to go rancid on the floor, but she isn't going to miss this opportunity to make Rex look like a fool. "She's my friend. The joke's on you, dick head." I push Holly to the door, feeling my vision go a little blurry. My face continues to swell up. The truth is out.
"Kat!" I hear Rex shout, but my back is already turned to him. I'm doing my best to pull Holly away from the flashing cameras and horrific shouts.
"I . . . um . . . well . . ." She stumbles around the cameras. Holly doesn't know how to look posh while sporting vomit breath.
"Shutup," I whisper into her ear. "Keep walking. Just keep walking."
"Kat! Kat!" A reporter is shouting in my face, trying to rile me up as I force my way to Holly's car. "You're almost fianc is already having an affair! How does that make you feel?" 
I feel like I've just fallen into a pile of rat dung. How would you feel?
"Kat!" The reporter refuses to quit. She actually goes as far as stepping in front of me. Physically blocking me from moving any farther. "That makes you angry, doesn't it? What's your comment?" I turn my head and smack the side of her shoulder to push by. She already said it for me. Rex is just that. My almost fianc. I ruined our chances the day I agreed to Holly's stupid idea, and here I am taking the heat for her.
"Leave me alone," I reply. "I have no comment." 
No comment appropriate for the papers anyway.

*          *          *

My old room hasn't changed at all. My signed soccer jerseys are pinned on the wall in the shape of a K with the signatures of all my former teammates scribbled in sharpie. The walls are still baby blue with clouds sponged on the ceiling. Mama even kept my glow in the dark stars in the closet. Standing by my window with my parents downstairs brings back a familiar solace. I touch the curtains as Holly sleeps on the bed. I can hear her steadily exhaling.
Both our apartments are crawling with paparazzi. They yelled at the windows, banged on the door, and my phone was ringing off the hook. The first place I thought to go was Oakland. My parent's house. I only hoped the chaos wouldn't follow us here.
"Are you hungry koukla?" My mom is a short, petite woman with caramel hair like Leah and I. She also uses butter as the main ingredient in everything she cooks. Delicious but dangerous. I am surprised she isn't a larger woman, but she and Dad still run the family bakery. Mama is on her feet all day.
"Nah," I whisper, glancing at Holly. I tiptoe across the room and join her in the hallway. "I'm sorry for bursting in so sudden."
"Of course honey," she replies. She gives me a hug.
"I guess you're wondering what exactly is going on?"
"Oh Kat," she quietly laughs. "Your dad and I read the paper you know." I look down, regretting not telling her about Rex sooner. I guess I wanted to wait until things were official so I didn't disappoint. 
But what had happened probably did far beyond disappoint.
"Right," I mutter. "So the whole family knows now." Pretty soon Mom's phone will be ringing off the hook. I look at her sympathetic brown eyes. "I'm sorry."
"You always were very secretive about your love life." She sighs. "Unlike your sister." Rex would have been the second guy I brought over for Sunday dinner. Chad was the first . . . and a mistake. "Sleep well." She gives me another hug and gently trots down the hall, leaving nothing but silence and the sound of Dad snoozing downstairs in front of the TV.
My phone buzzes. A tightness in my throat moves down to my stomach. I see a missed call from Rex. His name pops up attached to a text message. Answer me Kat.
I need some time, I respond. He answers right away.
Fine then I'll be straight with you.
Like you were about Holly, I answer. I am sure that response will hit a nerve.
I know about you and Holly, he responds.
So you had your buddies dig into my personal life, I retaliate.
The engagement is off. 
Reading that text is like being hit in the chest by a bag of bricks. I rub my twitching eye, dropping the phone on the dresser. No guy, rich or poor, will ever want to touch me after this.
"You hate me." I hear a whisper and turn around to see Holly rolling over. Her puffy eyes are smudged with eyeliner.
"Wipe your face," I instruct her. "Unless you're going for a goth sort of look."
"Just say it." She sits up and fixes her hair. "You hate me." Though part of me does, the other part can't. Especially not when she is about to be a single mother. I take a breath, keeping my mouth shut. "You think I'm a total bitch. Go ahead, call me a bitch."
"You should have just told me," I answer. I point my finger at her. I am pointing fingers again like my mother. And this time it isn't some loser creep out to ruin my life. It is my best friend. At least I thought she was my friend. I am not so sure anymore. Holly looks taken back. "When I told you Rex and I had a date, you should have just told me."
"I didn't want to hurt your feelings," she mutters, knowing that is a pathetic excuse of an answer. I throw my arms in the air.
"And this is much better?"
"I know," she admits. It is lurking in the back of my head but I am afraid to ask about the sex. It is the obvious elephant in the room but bringing it up will make me want to kick her out and let her fend off the reporters on her own.
"So what are you going to do now?" I fold my arms. Holly stares at me, reading my expression.
"I didn't plan it, Kat." She forces a loud swallow and wipes her eyes again. "It just happened." I bite the corner of my cheek so hard I expect the metallic taste of blood to fill my mouth. I can't handle this. I thought I would be able to eventually. It is too painful.
"I'm leaving." I grab my purse and head for the door.
"Kat-"
"I don't care if you stay or go home," I interrupt.
"Please just let me-"
"I think we're past that." I push through the door and run down the staircase.
"Kat!" Holly yells at the top of the stairs. I tried. I tried being the better person - the better friend. But who am I kidding? Holly hasn't even said the words"I'm sorry". I am a sucker. I grab the keys to Dad's spare car.
"You were right," I reply. "You are a bitch. And I feel sorry for your baby."

Chapter Thirteen


After pushing through the reporters camped out at my apartment building I was exhausted. I spent the rest of my day in my bathroom drowning out the noises outside with the sound of tub water. I tried to sleep. I tried to relax. I even tried to focus on nothing but mindless, trashy TV. 
Nothing is working. 
I still can't bring myself to sleep. Every time I close my eyes I see Holly and Rex grinding on my coffee table. Backstabber.
I turn my phone off after the zillionth text message so it doesn't explode. It is late and the scumbags outside have finally gone home. Well, most of them went home. The ones who decided to camp out until morning are quiet at the moment. Silence. It feels soothing, though it doesn't cure the spouting wound in my chest. Thinking of Holly is like pouring a cup of fresh squeezed lemon on the bloody parts. How am I ever going to recover? My wound has been ripped open and made even bigger.
A fist bangs on my door and I jump.
"Kat?"
I almost choke on my own saliva at the sound of Jack's voice. Of all people, I never expected him to speak to me again. Our last conversation was nothing but a shouting match. I defended Rex and all this time he'd been keeping a nasty secret from me. Humiliating.
My arms open the door against my will. "What are you doing here?" Jack holds up a copy of the The Times. Rex's face is plastered across the front along with a blurb about me - the insane almost fianc. I am sick of looking at it. My cheeks are already red and puffy from crying and yet the sobfest continues as soon as Jack looks at me with a genuine look of concern. Crying is all I know how to do at the moment.
"Are you okay?" Jack holds me as my body shakes. The tears keep coming and I can't stop them. This time they aren't for my broken engagement. They are for Earl, a good man I didn't appreciate as much as I should have. I can't put the image of his pale, dying face out of my mind. I promised to look after Jack. Ease his pain. I sucked at it. Jack's agony transfers to me as he hugs me tight. I don't want him to let go, and I wish nothing more than to stitch up the hole in his chest that I created.
It's all I can do to not break down, but as soon as I think it . . . it happens. The dramas that were weighing me down come bursting out and I bawl. Jack holds me even tighter as my tears spill onto his t-shirt. He shuts the door and guides me to the couch in the living room. My cries fill the room.
"It's okay," Jack whispers. I let him stroke the sides of my face. I am the one who should have been saying that to him. I am the one who should be offering words of comfort. Instead, Jack is taking care of me. I burry my head in his chest, letting his soothing embrace surround me. My mind moves in slow motion around all the moments we'd had together - the good and the bad. All the times I yelled at him. He still came back. The times I shut him down. He is still there for me.
"Jack," I cry. "I'm so sorry. I'm sorry for everything." He gently wipes my tears and studies my face.
"I know."
"No," I continue on. Probably looking like a troll with all the makeup dripping down my face. "I've been horrible to you. And . . ." I sniffle and wipe away more tears. "And I'm sorry I wasn't there for you. You're always there for me." Jack swallows looking a little nervous. He softly kisses my cheek despite the wetness.
"Kat," he whispers. "I love you." The words leave his mouth and burn themselves into my heaving chest. I look at the alluring blue in his eyes, feeling at peace. Everything around me is falling apart - my friends, my engagement. But in Jack's arms I feel right where I belong. The money doesn't matter. The status doesn't matter. I know I can trust Jack, and if that isn't enough . . . he is in love with me. The actual me. The me who walks the halls of Harrison Memorial collecting bedpans and meal orders.
"You do?" I can barely think straight with thousands of feelings rushing through my body all at once. Do I love him back?
"Yes." Jack's reply is confident. He kisses me, and through his kiss I can feel the truth of his words. He means it, even if I am not going to say it back.
"I-"
He stops me before I can reply.
"Don't say anything you don't want to say," he mutters, then kisses me again. 
His arms surround me and pull me to his flexing body. His lips explore every inch of my mouth and almost take away my pain. I'm drawn to him and the way he makes me feel. I let my fingers run through his hair and along the grooves of his t-shirt. He takes it off letting me touch every part of the tattoo on his shoulder.
I unbutton my shirt and feel even more alive as Jack caresses my naked chest, cupping his broad hand around each erect breast. He holds me like a fragile doll and is careful to enjoy every part of my body before indulging further, letting his mouth gently suck the tips of my shoulders. Our heartbeats are in sync as we begin to move together. I feel a euphoric burning move through my limbs and rest in my pelvis. Jack continues to kiss me as we press together at a quicker pace. I can feel every muscle in his body tightening. He clutches the sides of my waist, not interested in hiding that he's lost in this moment.
Jack loves me. 
He will do anything for me. Stand by my side. For once, I throw the list aside and let my mind rip it apart. I let my hair fall wild around Jack's shoulders as the rhythmic movements between us make me breathe uncontrollably. My entire body feels warm as my exhilarated thoughts jump to a mind-numbing place. 
I do love Jack.

Chapter Fourteen


"Marry me." Jack rubs my naked back, pressing firmly on the knots in my muscles. Air escapes my lungs after the words move across his lips. I smile.
"Jack, it's three in the morning."
"I don't care." He grins, letting skin brush against mine as he kisses me. The blue in his eyes look like ocean waves. I imagine the two of us swimming, taking in the turquoise water before we settle in the sand. "I know being married is important to you. Marry me."
"What about what you want?"
"Well that part is obvious." His fingers outline the shape of my lips. "I'll do whatever it takes to keep you."
"Even if I suggest eloping to Vegas?" I joke. Jack kisses me. The way he pairs each kiss with a persevering squeeze makes me want him. He pulls away with raised eyebrows. "I wasn't serious."
"Why not?"
"Because," I swallow, trying to think of excuses. "You don't even know me that well."
"Actually." His grin grows wider as his gaze slips beyond the bed sheets. "I know you very well." I blush, hoping he'll kiss me again.
"Seriously," I giggle. "Jack, I'm a mess. What if a month from now you don't feel the same way?"
"That won't happen," he reassures me. "I love you." The L-word again. It makes my pulse soar; especially knowing that part of me will always care for him. So why do I have such trouble saying it back? The eager look on Jack's face makes my chest feel heavy.
"I believe you," I whisper. He grins, not disappointed that I failed to say it back.
"Then say yes." His voice flows freely through my ears. His extravagant hands caress my warm cheeks. My heart leaps. I want to say yes. "Close your eyes." I excitedly play along. "Think about what you want." Jack's face is nestled in my thoughts, but the dreaded list still looms in the background.
"Okay."
"If you want to be married, be loved, and wake up every morning feeling this way, say yes."
"Yes," I say softly. And as soon as I say the words my chest burns. 
"I mean what I say, Kat. Let's get married."
I let the thrill in my stomach take the lead. I smile so wide my face hurts as I slide closer to Jack, letting our heaving bodies knead together. It is happening. 
I am getting married.

*          *          *

"After what I just read in the paper you're still tying the knot?" I can picture Sadie's sour face.
"Don't believe everything you read, Sadie."
"So it isn't true," she asks. I throw another camisole into my suitcase. I am packing as fast as I can before I talk myself out of it. Jack and I are driving to Vegas in an hour.
"Okay," I confess. "Maybe it is, but I'm not marrying Rex." 
Silence. 
Then Sadie draws in a breath and releases a scream.
"Jack! I knew you two had chemistry! Oh, I'm good. I'm really good."
"That's why I'm calling you," I reply, trying not to laugh. "Can you cover my shift today?"
"Can you cover me next month?"
"Of course," I answer.
"You're getting married!"
"I'm getting married," I repeat. I hang up and search through my underwear drawer for a swimsuit. "I'm covered," I yell. Jack responds from the kitchen. The sound of the frying pan covers most of his voice. The smile on my face feels almost permanent but as I keep packing, something buzzes in the back of my brain. I am eloping with Jack. Unemployed Jack. The guy that sends up red flags left and right. I will be a nurse until I'm eighty. That's superficial, Kat. 
But I've obsessed over the list for too long. It lingers in my mind and I can't get rid of it. What if Jack's apartment project tanks?
"Hey, Kat," Jack calls through the mess of emotions in my head. "Some people are here to see you." I peer out from my room, looking curiously at two tall men in suits.
"Um . . ."
"Hello Ms. Artino," one of them says. "I'm Detective Lewis." He reaches out for a handshake.
"And I'm Detective Spires."
I shake their hands with a twisted expression. Jack wipes his hands and greets the two Detectives. He shoots me a curious look. 
I shrug.
"Can you help you with something?"
"We just want a few moments of your time if that's okay," Detective Lewis replies. His charcoal suit almost blends in with his dark skin. His bald head is shiny as he steps inside the apartment.
"Sure?"
"Is there a problem here?" Jack continues. He seems more familiar with their routine.
"No problem," Detective Spires responds, taking out a small tape recorder. "Is it alright if we all have a seat?" I escort them both to the living room, a little jittery. Jack sits next to me and holds my hand.
"Okay this is starting to worry me," I admit. It is unsettling to have two Detectives knock on my door the morning after my face had been in billions of newspapers. "Is this about yesterday? Because I didn't mean to-"
"Mam," Detective Lewis interrupts. "This is regarding your work relations with a Benjamin Saxten." At first my head draws a blank. I don't know a Benjamin. Or even a Ben. "He's a doctor that works your floor at Harrison Memorial Hospital." My throat closes. Jack squeezes my hand.
"Uh-huh." My body tenses up against my will. I don't want to think about that day. I've almost put it out of mind completely for a whole twenty-four hours. "What about him?"
"Can you tell us when you might have last seen him?" The tape recorder is ready and all eyes are on me. What am I supposed to say? What can I say without curling up into ball, crying, and ruining my spontaneous trip to Vegas? I start to breathe heavy. Feel dizzy. I knew it wouldn't last. This was too good to last. 
"Dr. P," I mumble.
"If I may?" Jack answers. Sensing my minor panic attack he steps in. "We saw him at your work party, right?" 
I nod in agreement.
"Is this correct?" Detective Lewis asks me. "Was this your last encounter with him?"
"Yeah," I gulp. I force myself to make eye contact. "Why? What's happened?" 
The Detectives look at each other.
"It appears that the Doctor has gone missing."
"Missing?" I repeat. "What does that mean exactly?"
"He's been missing his counseling sessions."
"All this because he missed a few appointments?" I joke, trying to lighten the mood. It doesn't work too well. Detective Lewis looks a bit skittish as his eyes dart around my apartment. 
Door. 
Window. 
Bedroom. 
Window again.
"Those appointments were mandatory," he adds. Detective Lewis tugs at his shirt collar. "And now his phone has been disconnected and his house is empty."
"Maybe he decided to move?" I suggest, feeling better that it is looking like I might never have to see him again. "You know, start over."
"That is a possibility," he agreed.
"Great," Jack claps his hands together. "Are we finished here?"
"Not quite Mr. . ."
"Jack is fine," he answers.
"Did Dr. Saxten ever contact you outside of work?" Detective Lewis continues. 
Eww! 
Other than all the times Sadie has stepped in to save me from a pity date, none.
"You mean like . . . were we involved?" I instantly cringe, unable to hide what I really think of him. It is apparent by the look on my face. "No. Not at all."
"And did your conversations stay on the topic of work?" He leans forward, clutching the tape recorder a little bit tighter.
"Um . . . no?"
"Please Ms. Artino. If there are any details you can remember, any at all, that would really help us."
"Sorry but how would that help you find him?" I ask. "He never mentioned anything to me that might be a lead. I mean, I don't even know what neighborhood he lives in or if he has any family around."
"What about details regarding your personal life?"
"No," I answer. The more we talk about that perv, the more confused I am. "We aren't friends. We're nothing but co-workers." And I wish we weren't even that. "Is that all?" The impatience is overflowing. I just want them to leave - to stop talking about the one person who makes me want to stay locked in my apartment for an eternity.
"We didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable." The detectives stand up and head for the door. "If you hear from him at all, give us a call." He hands me his card and reaches for the door knob.
"Hold on." Jack blocks the doorway. "You wouldn't make a personal visit for a situation like this. You could have talked to Kat at work along with all the other nurses. Why come here?" Detective Lewis glances at his partner.
"Under these circumstances-"
"No," Jack cuts him off. "I don't want to hear a memorized statement about privacy laws and all that garbage. What's really going on here?"
"This doesn't concern you." Detective Lewis raises an eyebrow.
"Is she in any danger?"
Both detectives glance at each other again, hesitating to give Jack a straight answer. I feel the dizziness return.
"Well," I add. "Am I in some kind of danger?" More silence. "Would someone please just tell me what's going on?" 
More suspicious glances.
"Okay," Detective Lewis sighs. He lowers his voice before saying anymore. "Upon entering the doctor's residence things were found that suggest . . ." He hesitates again, looking around the apartment again like he is searching for some kind of clue.
"Spit it out," Jack demands.
"That he might act aggressively towards you."
"Me?" I point at my chest. "Why me?" I bury the awful memories that want to regurgitate.
"Ms. Artino we have reason to believe that he may attempt to contact you." 
May or will?
"I don't understand," I shake my head.
"He has an obsession with you," Detective Spires adds. His partner looks a little disappointed with his delivery. "Several journals, pictures, and shrines were found at his house. All were centered around you." I feel Jack's hand on my shoulder.
"So where does that leave us?" Jack asks. I can't bring myself to respond. "What are we supposed to do?"
"If anything happens," Detective Lewis answers. "Contact us." Would contacting him last week after my nightmare rendezvous have helped? 
Nope.
"That's it?" Jack raises his voice and starts to breathe heavily. "That's all the protection you can offer?"
"Look, we're doing our best here." Detective Lewis switches the tape recorder off in his jacket and opens the door. "We'll be in touch." I watch them walk away, still unable to process it all. Jack shuts the door and hugs me.
"It'll be okay," he says softly.
"Sometimes I'm not so sure," I admit. My voice is shaky as my legs carry me back to the couch.
"Look." Jack sighs. "I know this is the last thing you want to talk about but that thing that happened." He pauses to see if I shout an objection. "I think you should report it."
"Why?" I stick to breathing slowly to avoid having another freakout. "It's not like they can do anything about it."
"It'll help them build their case."
"No." I stand up and return to the mindless task of packing.
"But Kat you should at least consider-"
"No!" An outburst is the first thing that leapt from my mouth. "I'm not doing it so drop it." Sitting in a room explaining every detail of how I was groped by a monster is the last thing I want. It won't do any good. I already convinced myself of that. Sure, a little voice in the back of my head reminds me it is the right thing to do. The responsible thing. The brave route. I don't buy it. For me it would have been nothing more than another embarrassment.
I start searching again for bathing suits. I hear Jack return to cooking on the stove. Forget it Kat. Forget it all. The only thing that matters now is Jack and the crazy stunt we are about to pull. I want to be with him. I want the attention, the laughing, the mushy stuff. But am I doing the right thing? The lines of right and wrong seem more blurry every day.
I tell myself things will work out this time. Jack will take care of me. All our moments together will be like last night. A wave of heat makes me blush just thinking about last night. We hardly slept at all. And though, I had chemistry with Rex my connection with Jack is different. The electricity sticks with me. It is always on my mind now. I don't want to admit it out loud but he makes me feel deserving. I don't have to show up unannounced in sexy underwear to get what I want. That and I am pretty sure Jack will never in a million years lie to me about sleeping with Holly.
The list keeps itching my brain. And the trade off is being broke. Having to work the rest of your life, send the kids off to a sketchy daycare because it's all you can afford. 
"Are you sure you don't want to talk about it?" Jack comes up behind me and wraps his thick arms around my waist.
"I'll be fine," I lie.
"Something else is bugging you." He plays with a strand of my hair, and when he speaks he does it softly into my ear. "I can tell." How the hell could he tell that? I scavenge for an answer that doesn't involve money, Rex, or my deranged stalker.
"You think Earl knows?" I whisper. "About us? About what we're about to do?" 
Jack squeezes me a little tighter.
"Yeah, I think he does. And he would have loved to be at the wedding."
"Are you sure you're okay with this? I mean the funeral is next week."
"Pop told me once to stop holding back," Jack answers. "Don't make excuses, Kat. I still want to marry you. Plus, we'll be back in time."
"I'm sorry," I mutter at the floor. "I'm sorry you lost him."
"I'm not."
I turn around, giving him a curious look.
"Ups and downs are a part of life," he continues. "And if it weren't for Pop, I would have never met you." His lips taste the corners of my mouth. His arms lift me off the ground and I twist my legs around his solid torso. "I love you," he whispers. Between fiery kisses we fall on the bed. "I have for a long time."
My heart burns as I open my mouth. The words still wouldn't come and I don't want to force them out. Jack will know I don't mean it. I keep legs around his waist and let Jack's hand pull the fabric of my shirt. He grins, lightly licking the edges of my collar bones. I close my eyes, a deeper feeling of bliss with every touch. This is a distraction good enough for now.

Chapter Fifteen


Our suite comes with an oversized tub and giant shower with a seat. Just looking at the slick tiles and lighted jets drives my imagination wild. Our suite is gorgeous. It made me nervous when Jack pulled up to the Bellagio and gave the receptionist his card without blinking. I know how much a place like this costs. The last time I was in Vegas was just last year for Holly's birthday. Holly found a way to get our trip completely paid for, though it involved attending a black tie event with a whole lot of boring people. Not my proudest moment but I was only at the party for an hour. After that, Holly and I were free to do whatever we wanted all expenses paid. One of her schemes that had actually turned out right.
"You like the room?" 
Like it? It is perfect.
"It's . . ."I glance at neatly pressed sheets and designer curtains. "Are you sure this is okay?" He narrows his eyes.
"What do you mean?"
"I mean the cost."
"Don't worry about it," he responds. Then he distracts me with another paralyzing kiss. He pulls me to the immaculate bathroom and grins as he turns the nozzle on the tub. He kisses me again, a dazzling kiss that almost knocks away the thoughts buzzing in my head.
"I just," I breathe. "You don't have to drop major cash to impress me, you know."
"What? You don't like the room?" His hands are playing with the bottom of my shirt, slowly bringing it up over my head. I mimic him and rub the ridges on his abdomen.
"I love the room. I can't believe we're actually here."
"We are." Jack smiles and tests the running water.
"And getting married," I add. "Wait." I take a step back. "You don't think we're moving too fast here, right?"
"Are you having second thoughts?"
"No I just . . ." I look at the rushing water, like beads of crystal hitting the water's surface. "I feel like there's still so much about you I don't know." 
And there's my difficulty saying the L-word.
"We'll always be finding out new things about each other. That's part of it." He sits on the edge of the tub, eyeing my uncomfortable stance. "Go ahead, ask me."
"Huh?"
"Ask me anything," he says. But I feel like I know the gist of what makes him tick. I sit next to him, staring at his baby blues and letting the warmth of our bodies bind together.
"What was going through your head the first time we met?"
"Don't eff this up," he chuckles.
"Seriously." I let my fingers dance across the tub water.
"That's it," he nods. "I was thinking Jack, if you let this girl go without a phone number you'll always regret it."
"And then I ditched you." 
He shrugs.
"And I regretted it, but I got a second chance." His grin slowly transitions into another kiss. His arms encapsulate me, pulling me closer to his fiery skin. The moment is perfect. So why am I looking for ways to ruin it?
"Maybe we'll get lucky," I whisper. "Win a couple mil?" Chances of that are slim but I've seen too many movies. My soap opera week is bound to end with a bang.
"You never know what might happen." He tests the water one last time. "But first, I need to wash you off."

*          *          *

The sound of the casino fills my ears as I tug tighter on Jack's arm. The smile on my face is practically permanent as my mind jumps back to the time we spent together in our hotel room. I feel proud to stroll the hall with our hands intertwined. The flashing lights and loud laughs only make the moment feel more exciting. I am getting married.
"So," Jack says, stopping near the bar. "Should we do it tonight or tomorrow morning?" Any more time to think and I might change my mind.
"Tonight."
Jack nods and squeezes my hand tighter. It is like we are surrounded by heavenly sparkles with an angelic choir singing in the background. Stop trying to ruin this, Kat. Enjoy what's happening here for once.
I need to finally let go. Holly and Rex have their own issues to sort out now. I am not part of it. For once I met someone who doesn't care that I am a nurse and that I live in a crappy one bedroom apartment. Jack couldn't care less if my high heels are Louboutins or department store knockoffs. 
"Can I get you a drink?" A girl dressed in a corset and tights walks up to us. Her eyes move to Jack's face and she freezes. She tosses her bleach blond hair and sizes me up. Her gaze rests on my dark wash jeans and sandals. "Well." She stands up straighter. "I never thought I would see you again." 
I look at Jack, waiting for him to introduce me.
"We're fine thanks," he replies. He hurriedly pulls me past her.
"Jack!" The girl's heels clang on the floor as she jogs to keep up, ditching her tray at a nearby table.
"Keep walking," Jack mutters.
"Jack!" The girl is ruthless. We speed our pace but it's clear this girl isn't going anywhere without answers.
"What's going on?" I manage to ask between breaths. Jack doesn't answer. The silence between us makes my stomach boil. I think of Rex, of Holly, and all the times they'd lied to my face. I don't want to be the joke. The oblivious girl who always gets screwed in the end.
"Stop," I say, jerking Jack to a stop. I see the girl behind us, still running to catch up. She's tall. Her slim legs and tiny waist are unworldly. Her full lips are perfectly painted as is the rest of her makeup. She is gorgeous and she seems to be fixated on Jack.
"Trust me," Jack attempts to urge me forward. "You're better off never meeting her. Ever."
"What does she want?"
"How the hell should I know? She's insane." The girl stops in front of us, catching her breath.
"Jack," she breathes. Her stare is immovable. She can't stop eyeing Jack's body, slightly licking her lips like he is a piece of meat she never got to bite into. "Please. Can I just have five minutes?"
"Can't you see I'm with someone?" He shakes his head and pulls me closer.
"Right," she replies, seemingly disappointed. A smile forces its way across her face as she reaches for my hand. "Hi. I'm Cindy."
"Kat." I bite the inside of my cheek. Cindy. The girl that gave Jack a sour taste. The girl he closed up at the mere mention of. Kat, you idiot.
"Kat," she repeats. "Very badass. I like it." Her smile grows warmer, and the charm works. Suddenly I feel sorry for her rather than jealous. I mean she is half naked working as a casino cocktail server.
"Look Cindy," Jack continues. "If I would have known you worked here I would have never-"
"Don't worry about it," she interrupts. Her gaze takes in the two of us. "It's just that . . . well I never got a chance to apologize." Jack raises an eyebrow. "I was horrible to you and I just want you to know that I'm sorry."
"Okay," Jack instantly replies, almost speechless. "I . . . appreciate that?" He shoots me a bewildered look.
"Yeah," Cindy nods. Every breath she takes draws attention to her supple breasts. Her cleavage spills over her top like the frosting on a jumbo cupcake. "I've been wanting to say that for a while." She draws in another breath and finally giggles. "Wow, it feels good to get that off my chest." Yes, your chest is very . . . out there. "Let me get you guys a dining card or show tickets or something. On the house."
"Oh no," Jack protests. "That won't be-"
"I insist," she smiles. She puts her hands on her hips. An expert at working the curves of her body to gain attention. "My boss would insist."
"Fine." Jack pulls my hand again.
"Great." Cindy giggles one last time before turning away. Jack looks as if he might hyperventilate.
"So," I gulp. "That was Cindy." He nods. "Looks like my description wasn't far off." He nervously sighs. "What's wrong? She just apologized. We both heard it."
"Cindy doesn't work like that," he replies. He scratches his head. "I can't believe this."
"Relax. Vegas is a big place. There are plenty more hotel casinos calling our names."
"I guess." He forces his tense shoulders to soften. "But promise me something?"
"Of course."
"Don't let her reel you in," he says quietly as if we are being watched. "She's really good at that."
"Not a problem." I smile. "There's nothing she could say to get to me."

*          *          *

"You're the luckiest girl alive," Cindy comments. I wash my hands like nothing's wrong. Like this stripper-esque ex hasn't been watching Jack and I sit for a nice dinner after throwing a few bets. It is the first time all night I left his side to visit the ladies room and here she is. Conveniently. I guess I was wrong. There are a few things Cindy can say to get to me. I can already feel her getting underneath my skin. 
"Thanks," I mumble. She moves a bit closer, smelling of strong perfume and tequila.
"No really." She rests her hand near mine. "He's quite a catch you know. But I'm sure you know that."
"Yep." I grab a paper towel.
"So modest," she laughs, looking down at her stilettos. "You would never know he is loaded the way he acts. I mean, he still cuts coupons from the local paper."
"I'm sorry," I say, finally paying attention. "What do you mean by that?" Her expression turns softer as she pretends to be shocked.
"O-m-g," she gasps. "You mean you don't know?" She throws her head back and laughs. "Honestly, where did you think he gets all that cash from?" Cash? Jack can hardly afford a new bundle of t-shirts.
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"Oh come on," she continues. "Don't tell me you haven't thought about it." She studies my blank expression. "A fancy house. Fancy cars. The money sweetens the deal, doesn't it?" I still draw a blank. My memory pulls up a mini map of Jack's modest townhouse. He drives an average Chevy truck I have seen on the road hundreds of times. Nothing too special.
"Sorry," I mumble. "I'm not really following." She takes a glimpse of my plain outfit and narrows her eyes.
"You're joking?" Cindy covers her mouth to hide snide giggle. "He hasn't told you? You're in for a real surprise, girl." Her cheeks turn light pink.
"Wait," I reply, stopping her as she heads for the door. "Wait are you saying Jack's rich or something?" She has to be pulling my leg. Trying to sabotage our relationship.
"That's exactly what I'm saying," she giggles. "I guess you don't really know him that well." She lets her eyes wander to the sides of my body. "Maybe we could share him?" Her expression changes to that of a lioness stalking her next meal. "Not into that? Never mind then"
She struts down the hall, leaving me alone with my thoughts. Jack isn't rich. He can't be rich. I would've picked up on that. Unless he is sitting on a pile of drug money.
A rush of relief and worry fills my head. I grip the sink for balance. Did I almost just marry some kind of drug dealer? No. Jack would never do that. I let a stream of cool water run across my fingers. I dab at my forehead before leaving.
My mind runs at a million miles per minute as I join Jack again at our table. I try to phase out my encounter with Cindy but it's pulsing through me. The list is back and as I look into Jack's eyes I see red flags. They won't go away.
"You okay, babe?" Jack notices my changed expression and the way my leg shifts away from his under the table.
"Uh yeah," I lie. He reaches across the table for my hand and I hesitate. 
"Kat," he says, looking disheartened. "Something's on your mind." I nod. "Well?"
"I . . . I ran into Cindy."
"Of course you did," he rolls his eyes and looks around the restaurant. "I told you that you hadn't seen the last of her. Kat, you can't let her get into your head." I think I am failing miserably at that.
"She said a few things," I begin. I don't know how to go on.
"And now you're having second thoughts." He shakes his head.
"I didn't say that. But . . ."I smooth a curl near my ear. "Jack, what do you do for a living? I mean really do?"
"I showed you," he answers. "My condo project-"
"No," I interrupt. "I want the missing piece. Something doesn't add up here." He's quiet for a few minutes as if debating what to do in his head. "No secrets remember. I can't marry someone if I'm not one hundred percent sure what their profession is." Jack seems timid at first but then he draws in a huge breath.
"You're right," he says quietly. "I haven't been completely honest with you." I frown, putting a hand on my pounding chest. Oh no. Drugs. Embezzlement. What is it?
"Whatever you're mixed up in," I gulp. "Just say it. I'm tired of being lied to."
"I didn't do it to hurt you." He reaches for my hand again. "I promise. It's just . . . women act different around me once they know. I wanted us to be apart from all that."
"Jack." I lower my voice and scan the restaurant for any listeners. "Are you . . . a drug dealer?"
"Is that what Cindy told you?"
"She didn't have to," I blurt out. "Well. Are you?" I can feel my forehead sweating as I wait for a reaction. Jack grins and immediately my heart sinks. No. It's not true!
"No."
It is like a wave of solace washing over me to hear that. But right away, I'm back to worrying about all the other options. The mob. Piracy. Hell, maybe even an international terrorist group.
"Jack, you're driving me crazy."
"Kat." He sighs. "I'm a millionaire." The first thing to escape my lips is a sudden laugh.
"This isn't the time for jokes," I say, calming myself down. Anger is starting to bubble below my chest. Why does he have to lie? Why couldn't he just be honest? I accepted him for him. Dirt stains and all.
"I'm not joking," he laughs.
"Then why are you laughing?" My body feels like it's rising a degree every second. Soon I will be on fire if Jack doesn't take this seriously.
"I don't know? Sometimes I laugh when I'm nervous."
"If you can't be honest with me-"
"Kat. Stop." Jack reaches into his pocket as I stand up to leave. I need to lie down with a glass of ice water.
"What am I doing here?" I mutter. "I was this close to marrying a liar. I guess all guys are the same."
"You don't mean that," Jack responds. "I'm telling you the truth. Money has always been a deal breaker for me. I never knew if it was me or my bank account a girl fell in love with. And well . . . you can imagine what things were like with me and Cindy. Kat, for once I feel like this is real. You've agreed to marry me."
"Jack I don't know if-"
"Don't say anything else," he continues. "Here. I was going to give this to you at the ceremony." He sets a tiny box on the table. I reluctantly sit down, just long enough to accept his peace offering. But that doesn't mean I am not upset about it. I felt like I've been shaken upside down and now all the blood is starting to rush to my head.
I slowly open the box, not knowing what to expect. A thin silver band? A weird stone with healing powers? A piece of string? My throat tightens as an enormous diamond shines in my eyes. My mouth drops open and I look at the huge smile on Jack's face.
"Where did you get this?" I whisper.
"I bought it."
"How?" I gently remove the ring from the box and slide it onto my finger. The diamond is the size of my knuckle. My heart pounds and I try to comprehend what I am seeing. It's fake. It has to be fake.
"I told you Kat." His hand rubs mine. He brushes a strand of hair from my face. "Kat?" 
I'm feeling light-headed. The room starts spinning around me, confusing every glimpse of reality I try to hold on to. This is too much. Holly is pregnant with Rex's baby. I was humiliated in the local paper. Jack is somehow sitting on stacks of serious cash. I can't handle it.
I stare at the ring as the shine slowly dims. I feel my heart race as my eyes progressively close to relieve my brain of the extra stimuli. I just want to wake up somewhere new. Somewhere where friends don't sleep with your fianc behind your back, and the love of your life doesn't lie through his teeth about where his money comes from.
My thoughts shut down. 
I feel myself falling, but I never feel the ground hit my side.

Chapter Sixteen


My eyes open to a buzzing noise. I'm back in our hotel room on the bed. I sit up confused, looking for Jack. The ring is still on my finger and it makes me angry to look at it. My phone buzzes again. I'm getting a call. My heart freezes when I read the name on the caller ID. Rex. An hour ago I would have let it go to voicemail, but I automatically click the answer button. This is probably a bad idea.
"Kat?" Rex's voice makes my blood pump faster. I haven't heard it in a while and the last time he called me was to say that our engagement was canceled.
"Yes," I respond.
"Kat. Thank you for picking up this time. I've been trying to get a hold of you."
"I haven't gotten any messages." I quickly check my phone and see that I have five missed calls. "Oh."
"Look, I know we ended things on a horrid note but I have to see you."
"Well." I glance out the window, a spouting fountain lighting up in the distance. "You're a little late for that."
"I know," he replies. "You're in Vegas."
"You're spying on me now?"
"No," he protests. "I went to the hospital. You're friend told me." 
"Of course she did," I mumble. But only so she would have a good drama story to listen to when I got back. Traitor.
"The two of us should talk," Rex goes on. "Meet me in the lobby in five minutes." My eyes go wide.
"You're here?"
"Yes, love." He speaks as if nothing has changed between us.
"Rex I-"I throw the phone down as the door opens and Jack appears.
"Good," he grins. "You're awake." I discreetly hang up on Rex and keep a straight face.
"What happened?"
"I was in the middle of trying to explain myself when you fainted." He chuckles to himself, setting down a bag of takeout on the table. I glance at the ring. The sparkles are blinding.
"It was this." I hold my hand out. "You never told me how you got this."
"I did," he smiles. "I bought it. You know, at a jewelry store like normal people do?"
"This isn't normal Jack. This has got to be worth more than both our life savings and then some." He sits next to me, caressing the side of my cheek.
"You're getting worked up again," he comments. "Maybe you should rest for a while."
"I don't want to nap the day away. Where did you get this?"
"What I said before," Jack replies, his voice sounds rougher. "I haven't been honest about the money thing." He shakes his head. "A few years ago, I was basically this." He gestures towards his plain clothing. "A guy with an average job, average car, average clothes. I didn't have much. Then one day I stop at a gas station and Pop starts going on about a dream he had." He puts his arm around my shoulder. "Long story short, he told me it was my lucky day."
"I can see that." I smile, thinking about Earl and the funny things he used to say.
"I bought a lottery ticket and that was that. Pop was right."
"You won?" The genuine look on his face is hard to swallow.
"Yeah." His grin grows even wider. "Then I meet this investment guy who says he can double my money and here I am."
"You swear this isn't some kind of sick joke?"
"I promise," he answers. "I'm being honest with you. That's what you wanted isn't it?" I let him hug me, resisting the urge I have to cry. Again.
"Jack," I breathe. "Why didn't you tell me?"
"Cindy." The corner of his mouth twists as he says her name. "She was sort of the last straw for me. Every girl I met turned out to be . . . not the girl I met. I stopped introducing them to Pop a long time ago. I went back to living the way I did before, plus a few perks. And then I met you."
"So." I stare at the ring again.
"I was going to tell you after we got married."
"A wedding surprise huh." I admire the dazzling diamond for the first time. It fits perfectly on my ring finger.
"Oh right." Jack slides the ring off my finger. "You'll be wanting a proper proposal I take it?"
"You know me too well."
I stay sitting on the bed as he gets down on one knee. His blue eyes swirl like an ocean tide when he looks at me. His dirty blond hair is nicely gelled and his scruff is groomed to suit his face. He smiles his imperfect smile and the blood in my veins pulses in spurts as I immerse myself in the scene in front of me.
"Katherine," he grins. "Kat. I love you for you. Will you marry me?" As soon as he is on his knee, I struggle with what to say. No take backs this time. I have to make a decision. Rex or Jack. I let my heart do the thinking and think of the one guy who has always been there for me. Jack is still the one. My list of mundane worries is now obsolete. I've found exactly what I want. I love Jack.
"Yes," I respond. Jack dives onto the bed with his arms around me. I giggle, letting his arms surround my shoulders. He slides the diamond back on my finger and kisses me.
"Finally," he sighs. "Let's celebrate." His fingers gently rubs the back of my neck as he pulls me on top of him. I lean forward and kiss him. The heat in the room makes my clothing unbearable to keep on. I just want to be with him.
Our bodies move together. I put a hand on Jack's shoulder to steady myself as the tingling bliss slowly starts to build. I open my mouth just long enough to utter the words I've been struggling to say.
"I love you Jack," I whisper.

*          *          *

It wasn't easy convincing Jack to wait in the room while I ran down to the lobby for snacks. I told him I needed chocolate. And a walk. But really I had to talk to Rex and tell him that we were over for good. I'd moved on and Holly was still single, alone, and pregnant. Despite the things she'd done she didn't deserve to be alone and scared right now. I know she is scared.
I take a deep breath as I spot Rex leaning against the wall with a pair of shades. He's holding a newspaper to hide his face like a private eye from a black and white movie. I hold my chin high, admiring the cut of his suit and tan cheeks. He is still attractive and part of me still digs up memories of when we were together.
He sees me and starts walking to a reserved table overlooking the casino. He struts right past the velvet rope and sits on his private couch before greeting me. I join him, paranoid that a pap will snap a picture and make us tomorrow's headline. I won't be able to explain that to Jack very well.
"I don't have much time," I begin. "I told Jack I was coming down here for chocolate."
"I'll have Charles go grab some," he replies. Still the same Rex. Arrogant and charming at the same time. His smile gives a flash of his pearly whites. 
"What's this about? You made it clear where we stood last time we talked."
"We all say things we regret," he replies. "And after a long talk with Mum it seems that you're the best candidate for my future."
"Because I kept my mouth shut among the sea of psycho paparazzi?" I glance around the lobby, hoping Jack hadn't followed me as a surprise.
"Well," he shrugs. "Yes. That and we have something here. You and I want the same things in life, Kat." His speech makes me want to laugh. Is this the type of BS I normally succumbed to? And to think he would still marry me after getting my best friend pregnant.
"I'm sorry Rex," I answer. "I've found what I want." I smile, looking at the flecks of gold in his eyes. He grins, leaning forward and anticipating a passionate kiss. "It's not you." His face cringes.
"Look," he nods with a smug look on his face. "You would be well compensated. Very well compensated." Is Rex really offering me money? Me. Katherine Artino had gone from single and desperate to juggling two billionaires. Before I let myself ask how much, Holly's face is floating through my mind. In nine months, she will need that money more than me.
"You're forgetting one little detail," I remind him. "Your mother already has a heir." Rex looks confused. "Holly? The whole reason we're in this mess? Don't pretend she's not a part of this now. And we both know the baby is yours."
"That has yet to be proven."
"You're making her take a paternity test?" I scold him.
"I have to be sure."
"Well I hope you're prepared to pay up because I know for a fact that baby is yours."
"Why do you care?" he responds. "The two of you aren't even speaking." I bite my lip.
"That's none of your business." I stand up, looking around the lobby again. "Rex, I think you have a lot of issues to sort through. Number one being with Holly."
"You're turning me down? I haven't even told you the amount I'd be willing to pay."
"I don't need your money," I chuckle. "But Holly does." Rex shakes his head, baffled. "Talk to her, Rex. The two of you are actually more perfect for each other than you think."
"She's not you," Rex responds. He stands to see me out, walking close so I can smell the spicy scent of his cologne. He lightly touches my arm, reminding me of all the passionate moments we shared. But you would never see him, I remind myself. This is all business to him.
"Why did you do it?" I mutter, holding back a tear. The betrayal still stings. It always will, and I don't know how long it will take me to make amends with Holly. Eventually that day will come, but will our friendship be what it once was? Doubt it.
"Kat," he responds. His mouth moves closer to mine and his eyes study the grooves of my neck. "It was the night we first met. I was tired. I was drunk. I barely remember what happened." I nod, accepting his lame excuse of an explanation.
"And you didn't tell me because?"
"Would you have," he argues. "If the situation was reversed? Might I remind you that you saw it fit to lie as well?"
"I guess we just don't trust each other."
"I swear." His hand moves up my arm and to my cheek. "If I was ever given a second chance, I'd do it all differently." His hand pulls me to him in one swift movement.
"Do you say that to all the women you let down . . . or just me?"
"Harsh," he responds. "But I deserve that."
"There's a lot you deserve," I say through my teeth. I leave his grasp and jog back into the busy casino. The tears come and I wipe away one that rolls down my cheek. I feel a hand grip my shoulder tight. I stop, looking down. 
Let him go, Kat. You have to let him go before it ruins you and Jack.
"Rex I told you . . ."I turn around to a familiar face. It isn't Rex. It is the face of someone I never wanted to see again. My stomach feels sour and all at once I'm too stunned to scream.
"Juggling two men," Dr. Saxten comments. Before I can take a step backward he has my wrist twisted at his side. His other hand points to something shiny in his jacket. "Tisk-tisk."
"You," I manage to force out. "What do you want?"
"I was really unhappy with the way things went between us," he mutters, pulling me closer to the exit. "I think it's time I got a second chance too." I jerk away but the shiny thing in his pocket is pulled out and discreetly aimed at my back. The edge of the knife pierces through my shirt and I feel the cool blade resting against my skin. "It would be best if you didn't try that again."
"There are people that will come looking for me." My head is spinning out of control. I'm distracted by the sharp end of the blade, unable to think clear enough to come up with a plan.
"There's no need to worry if you cooperate," he mutters. I can feel his sweaty palms grip me tighter as he pulls me closer to the night air. At first I'm frozen. How is this happening? How did he find me?
Then my nose gets a whiff of outside. The realization slaps me across the face. If I walk outside with this psycho, I might never come back. How long would I be missing before Jack came looking for me and I am pretty sure Rex knows I want nothing to do with him. 
Do something!
I push aside my fears of being literally stabbed in the back. I've already been back stabbed a few times. One more time can't hurt that bad. I'm pulled closer and closer. The Doc's heavy breathing tells me he's nervous. Had he been watching me this whole time waiting for the perfect moment? I have to do something that will throw off his game. Go contrary to the plan he has laid out in his head.
I open my mouth, despite the sinking feeling in my stomach. Do it. Do it now! I let out a shrill scream that fills the lobby. My heart pounds as hundreds of eyes fall on us. I feel the Doc's muscles tense as he panics. I jerk away using all the force my body can provide. I finally escape him and fall to the cold tile floor.
A security guard runs at him, staring at the shiny knife in his hand. I stay on the floor, hearing the doctor's footsteps disappear into the crowd outside. He is gone. My arms and legs feel shaky as I stand up. I hold myself together as best I can. I feel a pressure in my head. An overwhelming sense of fear. He'll be back.
"Mam," another security guard rushes to help me stand up. "Are you okay?"
"Kat!" Rex is running with Charles from the V.I.P. section. He studies me, looking for wounds. "What was that about? Charles, find him!" Charles obeys him and runs into the night.
"Mam, is there someone I can call? Are you a guest here?"
"Um yeah," I reply. "I'll be fine." I rub my forehead and try to think straight.
"Who was that?" Rex demands.
"Just a guy."
"It didn't look that way," he scolds.
"A crazy co-worker," I mutter. "But that's none of your concern." I take a few breaths, letting the blood return to my limbs. I am still shaking.
"Let me at least walk you to your room," he suggests. I raise my eyebrows.
"Are you serious?"
"You can't go up there alone."
"I said I'll be fine," I shout. I speed walk to the elevators, counting my steps along the way. Keep going. You're almost there.
I take an empty elevator and push the button to my floor. Rex follows, slipping inside just as the doors close.
"Rex," I say stamping my foot. "I told you I'll be fine."
"I had to be sure." His arms are folded as we wait in silence. His cologne fills the elevator and I can see him sneaking glances. He is tempting me. Hoping the reminder of what I am missing will make me crack. Almost there. "I insist on hiring you some security."
"No," I reply.
"At least for the weekend." He rubs the end of his chin.
"I said no."
"Oh stop being so stubborn." The elevator dings and the two of us step off. I walk quickly to my room. He reaches for my hand but I'm walking too fast. "Kat. Come on. A guy just assaulted you in front of loads of people."
"I'm well aware of that," I yell, turning around to face him. "I can handle it. I don't need favors from you."
"I can't believe you," he responds, shaking his head. His hands slip into the pockets of his gray trousers. "All I want to do is help you. All I've ever done is try to help you." My face feels hot.
"Is that what our relationship was? One giant favor?"
"You're making a huge mistake," he quietly answers.
"I can hire my own security guard."
"I'm not talking about that." His expression softens. He looks at me with the same glowing eyes as the night we first met. Things were simple back then. The door creaks as it swings open. Jack is in the doorway looking shocked to see Rex in the hallway.
"Good bye Rex," I loudly respond. He sizes up Jack and his loose jeans and plain t-shirt. Jack is taller, but Rex is leaner. Jack's skin holds the scars and weathering of a laborer. Rex looks as if the only heavy object he can lift is a free weight.
"I see," he nods. Rex walks around the corner.
"What's he doing here?" Jack asks. My heart starts to settle as I watch Jack's calm demeanor remain unchanged.
"I don't know," I say, walking past him and collapsing on the bed. Tears roll down my cheeks as my thoughts play over the incident in the lobby. There are a zillion things I should have done differently. Why am I such an idiot?
"Kat." Jack's soothing voice helps me calm down faster. He gently massages my back and waits until I'm ready to talk.
"He was there," I whisper through sniffles. "In the lobby."
"Who? Rex?"
I shake my head.
"Dr. P." Another sob comes flooding out. I feel his chest flex.
"You mean he's here?" Jack watches for a nod then grabs his cell phone. "Listen to me. I'm going to call that Detective and then you and I are going home." I nod in agreement.
"I'm sorry," I cry.
"What for?"
"The wedding." I wipe my face. "I ruined it."
"No." Jack grins as he strokes my shoulder. "You haven't ruined a thing. Besides, you would probably be happier if your family could be there too . . . am I right?" 
I am a traditional girl at heart and the thought of missing out on the planning, the dress, and the cake had crossed my mind. More than once.
"You're right," I sigh. "That is what I want. Let's go home." 
I have a stalker to destroy and a wedding to plan.

Chapter Seventeen


"I can't believe you're leaving already," Cindy says at the door. "Guess you won't be needing these." She holds up a couple of Cirque Du Soleil tickets. "They were good seats too." Jack is in the shower and Cindy had a chat with the receptionist to see what room we were staying in. Another stalker to worry about. I was a little annoyed when I saw her face through the peephole, but she'd done me a favor I guess. She'd told me what I wanted to know about Jack. Even though it wasn't information I was asking for.
"Yeah," I agree. "Our trip was too short." Her eyes dart down to the ring on my finger.
"Oh wow! He proposed did he? How lucky for you." She grabs my hand and studies the diamond. It is strange to see her in normal clothing. My mind had pegged her"Cindy the slut" but in a normal outfit she doesn't look as slutty. But her boobs still spill over her top.
"Yep. He did."
"Listen," she continues, letting go of my hand. "I'm sorry about earlier. I didn't mean to mess with what you and Jack have going on."
"Don't worry about it."
She smiles and glances at my diamond a second time.
"So have you set a wedding date?"
"No," I sigh. That is the last thing on my mind at the moment.
"I bet Earl is excited," she giggles, staring off at the wall. "He was always very kind to me. Have you called him yet?" I look down at the floor for a moment.
"No," I gulp. "Actually . . . he passed away." Cindy looks stunned. She takes a step back to steady herself.
"What?" She runs her acrylic nails through her straightened hair. "Is that true?"
"Yeah," I nod. "It was very recent." Her face changes and now she's covering her eyes as if about to cry. The gesture makes me want to cry.
"When's the funeral?" she asks in a low voice.
"Um . . . two days."
"Wow." Cindy shakes her head. "Well, have a safe trip home. Tell Jack . . . actually it would probably be best if Jack didn't know I was here." She smiles again.
"Okay," I agree. I shut the door and catch my breath. The water is running in the bathroom, cutting off my ability to think. That isn't a bad thing. If there was a way to forget the last couple days I would consider it. I look down at the reminder on my finger that things will be okay. The diamond sparkles in the light. The worst has to be over.

*          *          *

"So nice to finally meet you," Leah says, smirking as she shakes Jack's hand.
"You too," Jack nods.
"Whoa!" Leah grabs my hand with sparkling eyes. "What is that?" I hear Jack chuckle. Leah looks from me to Jack, unsure if the rock on my finger ps from Rex or the guy dropping me off.
"Well since I'm staying the night I might as well tell you." I look to Jack. "Jack and I are engaged."
"What?" Leah practically jumps on me.
"Okay." I try to pull away from a tight hug. "Okay, Leah."
"But you'll have to cover that before you meet Mom and Dad." She points to the end of the tattoo peeking out from his shoulder. "Jus sayin'."
"We haven't had the Mom and Dad talk yet," I comment, pushing my way inside. I drop my bag in the living room, looking at the leather couch I would most likely be sleeping in. Jack insisted I didn't stay the night alone, and he had a few funeral arrangements to take care of early in the morning. It is late and Leah is my best option. That and I need someone to take my mind off what is going on. Leah is perfect at distracting people. I mean she distracted her roommate Jenna for an entire week before she realized Leah's ex boyfriend had temporarily moved in. The guy parked cars for a living. Deal breaker.
"Don't worry," Leah chortles. "They're not that critical. If you wear a suit and hardly say a word you might be fine."
"Thanks for the warning," Jack teases. 
"Oh and no wine. Bring a vase of flowers and a six-pack instead."
"He gets the idea," I mutter. 
Jack puts an arm around me and gives me a goodbye kiss. "You sure you're okay?"
"I'm sure," I reply.
"You could always tag along," he grins.
"It's just one night."
"I'll take good care of her," Leah chimes in. She shuts the door before Jack can say anything else.
"Leah!"
"Girl, you've got some explaining to do." She slumps down in the couch and searches for the remote. "Uh what happened to billionaire Rex?"
"You saw the papers didn't you?'
"Oh yeah," she laughs. "I saw them, and if the tabloids were always right-"
"They were right," I interrupt. She looks flabbergasted.
"Are you serious?"
"I wish I wasn't," I mumble.
"So . . . Holly is . . ." She covers her mouth with her hands.
"Yep."
"Preggo?" Leah rolls her eyes. "And you thought me and Jenna had a dysfunctional friendship." 
"That's not all," I gulp. I figure that Leah might as well know the real reason I am staying the night at her place. It is an address safe from Dr. P's eyes. Hopefully. I glimpse around the apartment, following Detective Lewis's example. All the windows are closed and the sliding glass door in the kitchen is shut. "I've been having issues with a guy at work."
"Sexual tension huh?" She giggles. "Wow it never stops, does it Kat?"
"No," I protest. "I sort of have a stalker." She scratches the side of her face and takes a deep breath.
"I thought I had a stalker once." She nods. "Yep. The same guy followed me home for like two weeks straight." She pauses then suddenly giggles. "Who knew he was my new neighbor?"
"Not that kind of stalker," I say in a low voice. I stare at her until she starts to comprehend that I am serious. Dangerously serious.
"What? Were you planning on sharing that after you turned into a missing person's case? Anything else I should know? Do you have a secret child too you don't want me to know about?"
"No kid," I respond. "Just a diamond and a guy who drives a Chevy."
"Right to the good stuff." Leah smiles and adjusts her tank top. "You sure Jack is the one?" I nod, letting the memory of his face warm my torso. "Are you sure he hits everything on that list of yours?" 
My thoughts are interrupted.
"I'm through with the list, sis. That thing did nothing but torture me for ten years." I'm startled by the loud sound of Leah clapping.
"Finally," she replies. "Those rules were stupid anyway."
"Yeah well . . ."
"So can I be a bridesmaid?" Among all our topics of conversation that seems to be what really fascinates her. Wedding details. "Have you set a date yet? OMG! Sadie is gonna freak when you tell her. That chick is crazy."
"Of course you can be a bridesmaid, and you only met Sadie once."
"I can spot crazy a mile away." Leah jumps up and hugs me again. And on the subject of dates, I want to get married sooner rather than later. I also want a small, conservative ceremony but that will all fly out the window once Mom gets the news. Maybe a quickie in Vegas was the right idea?
Colors. 
Cakes. 
Dresses. 
Centerpieces. 
It is all swarming in my head all at once, making me anxious. The worst part ps my maid of honor. I don't have one.
"Well I'm beat," Leah says. "You know where the linens are. Jenna is asleep already."
"Thanks," I sigh.
"Hey, things could be worse." She chuckles, running her fingers through her long caramel hair. "But they're not. You're engaged. You get to hang with your awesome little sister. . . You're engaged." 
I smile.
"See you in the morning."


I spent a good three hours tossing and turning on a semi-comfortable couch. I roll to one side, letting my sore back have a rest. I have too much on my mind to sleep, but I am exhausted. Only a pill could help me clear my thoughts.
I finally decide to get up. I stretch, letting my tense muscles relax a little. I walk to the tidy kitchen and pull a glass from the cupboard. The water runs from the faucet and the noise drowns out some of the noise in my head. The cool water soothes my throat as it goes down. I close my eyes and try to imagine my wedding day. A day free of complications. Just me, Jack, and the freedom to go wherever we wanted. I take a long calming breath.
My attempt to relax is cut short. A sound outside startles me. I close my eyes again. Calm down. You're going to give yourself a heart attack if you don't calm down.
The sound disturbs me again and I put a hand on the counter to steady my shaky legs. My stomach tightens to a knot as I hurriedly flip off the light switch and cautiously put an ear to the wall. I hear a quiet crunching outside. It moves closer and closer and suddenly stops. I bite the corner of my mouth, forcing myself to calm down. You've got to sleep sometime.
The crunching continues, moving closer and closer to the sliding glass door in the kitchen. I tiptoe across the hardwood floor and place a hand on the wall. The noise stops again. An animal. It's just an animal. 
I slowly take a few steps towards the couch but the rustling of bushes outside is enough to make me insane. I can't close my eyes without wondering what the hell is making the leaves in the yard rustle. The wind isn't that restless.
"Fine," I heave. I walk back to the kitchen and place my hand on the curtain. It hesitates a little but I force my mind to overcome its childish dilemma. I am hearing things that don't exist, letting my mind make up ridiculous scenarios. I slowly pull aside the curtain, letting moonlight fill the kitchen. My eyes adjust to the darkness outside and instantly my throat closes up. I see a figure hovering by Leah's bedroom window.
I let go of the curtain and drop to the floor - my insides jumping. I feel my stomach boil over as my brain fills in the missing pieces. I remember the blade against my back. The way the cold steel dug into my skin and sent a shooting pain up my spine. I hear the crunching noise start again. They are footsteps and the footsteps are closer to me. I burry my head in my hands. He can't hurt you. He can't hurt you.
A finger gently rubs the glass, slowly moving to outside handle. I hear a light jerk as the night stalker attempts to open the sliding glass door. My limbs start to feel numb as I push my mortified body across the wood floor. A phone. I just need a phone. That will end this nightmare. I scoot a little closer to my bag. 
And closer. 
And closer.
The handle is now being jiggled. The soft scratching and subtle tinkering makes my jaw drop.
I gulp, scooting again as my arms shake. I focus on my bag and nothing else. I set my mind to one specific task - calling the cops. I reach my bag and my hands remain frozen. I hear more scratching and flail my body at my phone. It falls into my hand, sliding perfectly into my palm. I dial for help and wait impatiently as the phone rings. The ringing in my ear seems to last for hours until I hear a voice at the other end asking me what my emergency is.
I open my mouth but can barely speak.
"There's someone outside," I force out in a scratchy voice. "He's . . . he's trying to break in." The jingling noise gets louder. "Please. Help." Another loud scratch.
"Your address mam?" Click.
"What?"
"Where are you located?" Click. My brain is fuzzy, hiding obvious details like Leah's address.
"Um . . . 573 Mulberry?" Click.
I hear a hand hit the glass. The noise is loud enough disrupt sleep. As my eyes watch the glass gradually start to move, my brain realizes what's happening. Someone is breaking in. Someone who finds pleasure in peeking into the windows of sleeping college girls. A night breeze moves through the room and I instinctively lunge towards the foyer. My body rolls around the corner and waits.
The glass door creaks as it slides, letting in heavy set of footsteps. I cover my mouth as the footsteps pace the kitchen. I can hear my own breathing. The footsteps seem farther and farther away. Inhale. Exhale. I stare down at the phone in my hand.  The excess light is sure to draw attention to me. Inhale. Exhale.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
A high pitched scream punctures my skin and reaches right into my pounding heart. My wide eyes are about to pop out of my head as I jump to my feet, a rush of adrenaline pulsing through my veins. I don't know what I am doing. But I do know that if anything happened to Leah while I sat still around the corner I would never be able to forgive myself.
Time seems to slow down as I round the corner and nearly slip on the shiny kitchen floor. I sprint to Leah's bedroom, my worst fears coming true as I see a glimpse of what lies ahead of me. It is him. Dr. P. He found me and he is about to do something terrible to my baby sister.
My organs feel like they're squeezing together all at once. Time continues to move at a sluggish pace as my eyes dart around the kitchen for something useful. Something sharp. My fingers grab the only thing handy. I grip the end of a steak knife, my hand shaking. I burst into the bedroom as Leah lets out another shrill scream. She is being pulled off her bed by her hair. She grabs her scalp, eyes glossy with tears. Her face cringes as he pulls her again, this time more violently.
"STOP!" My shouting catches his attention. He turns to me, his eyes blank and cunning. He isn't himself. He smirks a smirk that freezes every vertebrae in my back. My hand shakes even more as he takes a step closer to me. I'm reminded of the closet incident I wanted to forget. The fear returns, paralyzing me.
He takes a few steps and suddenly his hands are at my throat. The tightness sends a burning pain through my body. I can feel the air leaving my lungs. My vision starts to blur. I kick and attempt to shove away his hands. All are useless attempts.
"NO! DON'T DO THIS!" Leah's screaming pulls me from my daze. I have to do something. This can't be the end. There is still so much I haven't said - haven't done. I see my family. I see my friends. And in that moment my shaky hand lifts on its own. My head and heart know it has to come to this. The only thing I can do to save myself.
I plunge the knife into his nearest piece of flesh. It slides into his skin with ease like a needle puncturing tissue. His hands immediately let go. I desperately gulp down air, watching him stumble towards the bedroom door. His hands reach around, trying to grab the knife from his back. He yelps and looks up as the sound of sirens blast through the walls. I grab Leah as he runs back through the sliding glass door and disappears into the backyard. An overwhelming sense of relief overcomes me.
"Are you okay?" I whisper. Leah can hardly speak. Her eyes are fixated on the smears of crimson on her bedroom floor. "Please say something. Tell me you're okay."
"I'm okay," she replies. I see Jenna's frightened face glance inside.
"Jenna," I say to her. "The police are outside. Bring them here." Jenna nods and rushes to the front door. My ability to think returns as I hold Leah's shivering body. "It's okay." Feet clang through the kitchen. "They'll catch him this time."
"Are you sure?" she mumbles, still in a state of shock.
"He's tired, wounded, and not very far." Two policemen enter our room. "Yeah. I'm sure."

Chapter Eighteen


"I can't believe I left you there," Jack whispers. The two of us stand side by side in a quiet chapel. A line of people slowly pass Earl's shiny casket. A wreath of white and yellow tulips sits on top of the closed lid.
"It's over," I reply. "They found him."
"Still." Jack smiles and shakes a few hands. The whole situation is surreal. Earl's casket is in the room but it doesn't feel like he is really gone. I half expect to see him lying in his hospital bed when I return to work. It helps that I am here, standing next Jack. His solemn expression isn't as depressed as before.
"Forget it," I whisper again. "That's behind us now." I pull my camera from my purse. It has been a long time since I've taken any pictures. That used to be my way to unwind - strolling through the park capturing the image of leaves falling. I touch the camera and it brings back a sense of satisfaction. "May I?" 
Jack grins.
I attempt to find an interesting subject through my lens. A woman gently touching a tulip petal. Jack tilting his head in the light. A little boy sitting impatiently on a bench. All brought me different feelings. I snap a few pictures, wondering what type of wedding dress might photograph best.
After a night at the police station, Jack and I decided on an early spring wedding. It would give me enough time to plan and also break the news to my parents. That's if Leah hasn't told them already. But she is planning an impromptu trip to Europe. After that night she had some sort of wake up call.
I search for another subject. A woman walks in wearing a tight dress and stilettos. She walks carefully through the room, playing with her bleach blond hair. Oh no.
"Cindy?" I hope the mention of her name doesn't reach Jack's ears. "What are you doing here?"
"Just paying my respects," she replies, looking like she might cry. I don't buy it. I stare at her cleavage and tan skin. Her eyes dart around the room until they find Jack. "I'm sorry . . . I shouldn't have come."
"Oh," I reply, feeling bad. "It's okay." You're already here. The damage has been done.
"Cindy." To my dismay Jack spots her right away. She is pretty hard to miss. "What the?"
"I'm sorry Jack." She wipes a fake tear from her cheek. "I was in the area and I thought I would stop by and . . . say goodbye."
"Right," he responds. His solid arms gesture towards the casket. "Well. Go ahead."
"Are you mad?"
"Of course not," Jack answers. "It's the day of my father's funeral and my ex-girlfriend shows up. How could I be mad?"
"You are mad." Her voice goes quiet as she looks down at her heels. "So sorry for your loss." She bites her lip and turns around.
"Wait." The sound of Jack's voice makes her face gleam. She turns back around in an instant. "Why were you in the area?" Cindy smiles as if pleased that Jack is taking an interest. Even if that interest is a bothered one.
"I didn't mention it?"
"Uh no."
"I'm moving back," she smiles. My legs freeze in place. I discreetly look at Jack with a sideways glance.
"Why?" he says again.
"A job opportunity." She tosses her hair. "Anyways . . . be seeing you." The sound of her heels fills the chapel as she leaves. Jack is still standing there fuming.
"She's not going to leave us alone you know," he mutters.
"What was I supposed to do? Throw her out?"
"Yeah," he responds, wide-eyed. "That's exactly what you should've done."
"You're acting like she's moving in next door," I comment. I raise my eyebrows. "She wouldn't do that."
"Don't rule it out."
"Then we'll just have to move," I suggest. I smile, grabbing his hand to lighten the mood. "To Paris." He chuckles and puts his arm around my shoulder. I breathe in his scent, finally feeling like things are going my way. We both stare at the colorful wreath on Earl's casket. "What do you think he would've said?"
"You mean if we walked into his room holding hands?"
"Yeah," I say quietly.
"Well," he chuckles. "He would congratulate you and tell me not to screw this up."

*          *          *

I watch Sadie's mouth run wild with hundreds of questions. She studies my vacant expression with a hand on her hip.
"You're not very forthcoming with information, are you?"
"What more is there to say?" I ask. "Do you want a complete diary of everything I've done the last few days?"
"That would be extremely helpful." She smoothes her red hair and glances at her watch. "I'm just glad you're okay. Why didn't you tell me perv boy was on your tail?" With Dr. Saxten behind bars the news was out. Everyone knows what happened, but most people keep their heads down. I felt like a sick puppy, getting sympathetic stares and glances from people I don't know.
"That's not something I could have casually snuck into a conversation," I respond, lowering my voice. "And I already told you. I'd rather not talk about it."
"Alright," she sighs.
"If you need something to obsess over try this." I hold up my engagement ring. I can't stop staring at it. I purposely walk past the second floor windows more than usual just so I can see the sparkles on the opposite wall. My hand is like a mini chandelier.
"Yeah I almost forgot about that giant thing on your hand." She rolls her eyes. "Not. Have you started planning?"
"Barely," I reply. "Jack has been busy with his apartment project and I've been . . . here."
"You need to get on that, girl." She shakes her head. "Time is going to fly by before you know it." 
I shrug, grabbing a last sip of water.
"Kat Artino," the speakers announce. "Paging, Kat Artino."
"Probably another room change," I mumble. "See you at break." I walk quickly through the hallway, looking the other way when I pass Earl's old room. It is still a touchy subject for Jack as I expect it to be for quite some time. My heart still sinks every time I think about the funeral. At least the chapel was full of smiling visitors all with a story to tell.
The smell of rubbing alcohol fills my nose as I keep my mind focused on each passing white wall. It is the little things that help me control the freakouts. If I let my mind wander it will take me back to Leah's apartment. The scene will play out second by second and I would be a paranoid mess. For a while any noise made me jump and I am afraid to go anywhere by myself.
I round the corner and immediately my stomach churns. My visitor is sharply dressed. His smile reveals pearly whites when he sees me. I look around, hoping he didn't come with an entourage. My parents are still getting phone calls from local reporters.
"There you are," he casually says.
"I can't talk right now," I blurt out. "I was just paged so . . ."
"I know," he chuckles. "It was me." He lifts his chin like he normally does when he thinks he has just made a clever move. He gazes at me like I'm dressed in a dazzling ball gown instead of boring scrubs. He takes a step closer as if the ring on my finger doesn't mean a thing.
"Why?" Does he really have to torture me like this? Every time I see him I am reminded of Holly, and our first official date. Time wasted and time forgotten. The scar is still there, and Rex appearing again just means he wants to rip it open. "Did I not make things clear enough for you?"
"You did." He's still smiling.
"Then what do you want? A favor or something? What could I possibly do for you?"
"You can reconsider." He leans his arm on the counter.
"Excuse me?"
"I'm here to ask if you'll reconsider our engagement." His gaze moves down to the diamond on my finger. "I could give you a ring twice that size."
"My hand would be hard to lift."
"I can give you exactly what you want."
"So can Jack," I reply. "And he didn't sleep with my best friend."
"And I wish I could fix what happened," he sighs. "But I can offer you an apology and a promise that I'll never do anything to hurt you ever again."
"That's a pretty bogus promise," I mutter.
"What?" He chuckles. "You don't think I can?"
"Your history is against you," I laugh. He takes a step closer.
"Then brush all that aside," he suggests. "A fresh start. What do you say?" 
He leans in, letting his spicy cologne fill the room. It reminds me of the night we first met - the time we spent together in his gorgeous flat. Rex's life is nothing but luxurious and with him my life would be luxurious too. But I am in love with Jack.
"Rex, I can't. You know I can't. Now, you have got to stop playing games with me. You and I are done." He doesn't seem fazed by my comment. Instead he takes a step even closer.
"You don't mean that," he says softly.
"How would you know what I'm thinking?"
"Look me in the eye and tell me that you don't feel anything. Anything at all."
"That's not fair." Looking into his eyes means reliving the pleasure and the pain. At one point I even thought I was falling in love with him. I can't wash those thoughts away overnight. I stay silent.
"So you do still have feelings for me," he responds.
"I'm marrying Jack."
"Yes," he answers. "But you're not married yet." I narrow my eyes as he grins.
"What do you mean by that?"
"I mean there's still a chance I can make things right between us."
"Make things right between you and the mother of your baby," I add. Rex nods, looking down at his shiny loafers.
"Okay," he agrees. "If that's what'll make you happy. I'll do that."
"Good." I glance around reception. "That's the right thing to do."
"And just so you know I'm not some kind of barbarian. Of course, I was going to resolve things."
"I didn't mean-"
"I'm not the bad guy I think you make me out to be," he continues. "And I'll prove that to you." I still am not sure where he is going with all this. As long as he doesn't keep showing up and forcing me to choose.
"You'll prove that to me?" I repeat. Whatever.
"Yes," he grins. "You wait and see. I'm going to win you back." A part of me feels like it might faint. My thoughts buzz uncontrollably. How am I supposed to interpret that?
"Rex," I sigh.
"Kat, you're engaged. You're not married."
"Your mother is really pressuring you now," I joke. Rex looks amused.
"This has nothing to do with her wishes. This is what I want." His feet move and I assume that's his closing line. But at a quick pace he suddenly takes a giant step forward, wrapping his hand around my neck and kissing me one last time. His touch brings back the fire we once had. My heart races when he pulls away smiling.
I'm left wondering why I hadn't stepped back or immediately pulled away when I knew what he was about to do. It all happened too fast, and now I am starting to doubt my decision. But maybe that's what Rex wants? 
My thoughts are on a different page than my body. I am still drawn to Rex and the way he commands a room. He gained the praise of everyone he met whether or not he spoke to them. I have to get my head on straight. No wavering. I can't do to Jack what Rex had once done to me. Scumbag.
Why the hell am I still attracted to him?

Chapter Nineteen

6 Weeks Later . . .


The sun is shining and the leaves around the cafe slowly drift in the breeze before falling to the moist ground. The deep orange of the tree next to me reminds me of Halloween. It isn't far away and the nurses at work usually wear goofy headbands or paint their faces for the occasion. Last year I wore a witch hat. A few patients got a kick out of that.
Holly texted me early in the morning. I assumed she couldn't sleep and I too was having some trouble sleeping these days. Jack is keeping himself busy with renovations, and I am pouring my heart into work hoping to finally step up into an open management position. Things between Jack and are good, but since Earl's passing we have both been searching for things that keep us busy. Planning a wedding takes up a lot of time. More time than I thought it would.
I take a sip of my warm tea, watching passing strangers. The open seat in front of me will soon be occupied by a woman I haven't talked to in months. It feels like years. My last words to Holly weren't friendly ones and they haunted my thoughts once in a while. Holly is a tabloid regular now. That's how I know what is going on with her. I read the paper.
I stare at another leaf as it gently falls from a branch. The swirling yellow is enough to take my mind away from reality for a brief moment. I discreetly glance around, hoping Holly and I won't be joined by a crowd of photographers. I hear heels clanking along the sidewalk.
Holly is wearing sunglasses. Her dress blows in the breeze as she looks around and spots me. Her hair hangs in perfect curls and her figure is slender. 
No hint of a baby belly. 
She covers her face a little and carefully sits down. My heart quickens. I feel nervous. Is this meeting meant to be positive or negative? 
I don't know.
"Hi," I say first.
"Hi." Holly slowly removes her sunglasses, revealing reddened, puffy eyes. My heart drops. Something inside me already knows why I am here.
"So how have you been?"
"Okay," she mutters. I glance at the diamonds sparkling on her ears.
"Nice earrings. Are they new?"
She places a hand on her ear and nods. I take another sip of my tea, wondering how long it will take her to get to the point.
"Kat I-"
"I know," I say for her. "I sort of had a feeling." I hear her swallow as she fights tears.
"I mean what with the stress of everything," she sniffles. She rubs her forehead. "I can't believe I lost it." A tear drops down her rosy cheek.
"Holly," I respond. "I'm so sorry." The news is official and I feel incredibly guilty for what I said at my parent's house. Holly lost her baby, and I can't help but wonder if our fall out is partially to blame. "Those things I said."
"It's okay," she says in a quiet voice. "You were upset. Kat, I miss you." 
I smile.
"I miss you too."
"I don't expect you to ever fully forgive me for what happened but-"
"How could you have known I met Rex that same night," I finished. "I shouldn't have blamed you the way I did." She nods. "Is that a new dress?"
"Of course," she laughs.
"Now the real culprit here," I say through my teeth.
"Rex is a guy, Kat." Holly adjusts the glittering bangles on her wrist. "But we've moved past all this."
"So you two are together?"
"Oh no," she says, waving her hands. "We figured out a long time ago that the two of us could never get along."
"But you guys are on speaking terms?"
"Before the sad news," she replies quietly. "We agreed on a settlement. It was more than enough more to take care of me and the baby for . . . well the rest of my life." She breathes out a sigh of relief. "And even after I told him about the baby, he insisted I keep the money."
"Wow." My eyes go wide. In a way Holly go what she wanted. Without a man attached. "Holly . . . oh my gosh."
"I know," she giggles.
"That explains the new Dolce."
"It's bittersweet," she answers. "That's the only way I can really describe it." I start to warm up to our friendship again. Maybe we can move on and be the same friends we once were?
"So you really are okay?"
"Yeah," she sighs again. "I'm not going to lie though. There are times when I feel depressed. You know, my demons get to me. I was going to quit work but I decided it would best if I stayed. Being around people helps."
"And the paparazzi?"
"Still dig through my trash." She rolls her eyes. "But hopefully that all will die down when I move." I let my cup of tea warm my hands.
"You're moving too?"
"To that cute little neighborhood we used to drive around," she excitedly finishes.
"That's great." I nod and smile. Things are already going back to normal. Holly is still all about Holly.
"Yeah." She looks around at passing strangers. Her eyes fall to the ring on my finger. She looks a little surprised by the size of it. "You're engaged?"
"Yes."
"Really," she gasps. "To whom?" She curiously tilts her head.
"Jack."
"That guy from the hospital you told me about?" Her eyes go wider. Please don't bring up the list. Red flags. Ripped jeans.
"Yeah," I hesitate to answer.
"That's-" She stops herself from blurting out her first thought. "That's wonderful." I'm shocked by her response. Obviously she is thinking something different, but it is nice of her to be happy for me. Even if the guy I am engaged to is, to her knowledge, an unemployed frat boy.
"Thank you," I say, accepting her congrats. "He's actually not the guy I thought he was." Thinking about Jack makes me smile.
"And that's a good thing, right?"
"A very good thing," I respond. She would freak if I told her he is a secret millionaire. If I decid to tell her. Maybe I should see what her real thoughts are first. Come on, Kat. No more games.
"I'm happy for you." She smiles - her teeth a perfect white like Rex's.
"I do have one question though." I change my expression to that of the crabby librarian at our old high school. She would shush us if we made the floor creak.
"What?" Holly looks a little apprehensive. She fiddles with the bracelets on her thin wrist.
"Will you be a bridesmaid?"
Her face lights up and I can tell this is a welcome distraction she has been searching for. Is asking her a good idea? I am not sure. Because now I will be getting seating arrangements and table cloth patterns via text every night. Her enthusiasm however, is just what I need right now. I need someone to gasp (maybe even cry) when I walk out of the dressing room in my to-be wedding dress. I need someone to help me pick out flowers, sample cakes, and persuade my mom to let someone else do the catering.
"Hell yeah I will." She leans over the table to give me a quick hug. I move my hot tea just in time.
"Great," I reply. "I still have a lot of planning to do."
"I'll get right on it." She stands with liveliness in her step.
"I didn't mean right-"She grabs my hand. "Okay?"
"How much have you had to eat today?"
"Uh." I raise my eyebrows. "A piece of toast."
"Perfect," she responds, pulling me down the street. "There's a bridal shop around the corner. We're trying on dresses."
I lowly laugh to myself. An impromptu dress fitting. So Holly. As I speed walk to keep up with her, my phone buzzes in my pocket.
"Geez," I tease her. "I always forget that you move faster in stilettos than regular shoes." Holly laughs. I pull my phone out my pocket and squint at a text message from Rex.
I told you I would make things right.
Thank you, I reply. Then I quickly open up a new message and add on - but I'm still marrying Jack. 
Rex responds immediately as if knowing I would say that.
Then let the games begin.


To receive updates about new releases, sign-up for the A. Gardner Author Newsletter at www.gardnerbooks.blogspot.com 


A preview of THE ENGAGEMENT SCAM, book two in the series! Now available!


LEAH

Chapter One

Needle-like pain pulses in and out of my brain as I struggle to breathe. Two sweaty hands are pressed against my neck. My throat tightens, as does the rest of my body. My spine feels as if it is locked in place. I have only experienced this feeling of intense terror once before and it happened to be two weeks ago. My big sister's psycho stalker dragged me out of bed by my hair. It was the only time in my life I wished I didn't look like Kat, but we have the same wavy, caramel hair and olive skin.
My shoulders are pinned against a brick wall and my hands scratch at the arms of my attacker. My thoughts go fuzzy, unable to settle down. This is like the horror movie Jenna and I watched weeks ago. I am the slutty cheerleader about to get her throat ripped out. The only non-virgin character left. Only I am not in a podunk town in the midwest, my attacker hardly speaks English, and I probably deserve this.
"Consider this a warning," Leron mutters, finally letting go of me. My hand immediately rubs my aching throat. I cough, my eyes shifting around the darkened street like a paranoid asylum escapee. 
Why did I let things get this out of hand? 
"You have one week. Understand? One week to pay LeRoux back." 
My hands shake and my muscles remain frozen. I never saw Leron coming. His lanky body blends into the night.
"Please," I whimper, a tear rolling down my cheek. "Where am I supposed to get that kind of money?"
"Not my problem." He stares straight through to my soul, making me wish I had never set foot in France to begin with.
"I didn't mean to. I didn't mean to mess up, but there were too many rules to remember."
"You cost him almost half a million euros and you will pay." He lunges forward and waves his giant hand in front of my face. He stops just centimeters from my cheek then chuckles. "See you in a week."
I'm left standing alone with an ocean breeze blasting through my hair. I thought I was untouchable having escaped a gruesome fate just weeks ago. Turns out I'm not. 
I am an idiot. 
I try to relax, forcing my mind to think of things that don't involve blood, guns, or disgusting forms of torture. What the hell am I going to do? Call Mom and Dad and ask them to wire me three hundred thousand euros asap? 
They would kill me.
I gulp, looking over my shoulder as I cross the street. My feet take me to the safety of a street lamp. I tried the Bond girl thing. I dressed up in one of Jenna's expensive ball gowns and thought I could get away with helping some richy cheat at a high roller's table. Hey, it worked for Halle Berry. Turns out I can't charm my way out of a losing streak.
I focus on nothing but my steps as I hear waves crashing behind me. I enter the hotel lobby, still in awe that I am staying at a five star resort with decor that includes real diamonds. It is a hotel owned by Jenna's fianc's uncle. A family I was almost a part of not too long ago thanks to my big sis Kat. She almost married hotel billionaire, Rex Kinlan. Then he got her best friend pregnant. Reporter's still show up on my porch asking me what Kat was like in high school. A drag with a loser boyfriend.
Kat is way too serious when it comes to guys, telling me I shouldn't bother if the guy doesn't own a neck tie. My philosophy is simpler. Hot guy equals good times. And better sex. My philosophy sucks though. I will never admit it out loud but for some reason I'm attracted to losers. Guys that blow through like a freakin' hurricane and leave me with the cleanup. The past couple days I've learned something else too.
Rich guys are insane.
"Miss!" I turn my head, seeing a bell boy trying to catch my attention. What now? I keep walking towards the elevators. "Miss!"
"Fine," I sigh. "What?"
"You come with me please," he replies.
"Why?" I shake my head, remembering Leron's sudden ambush. Something I never want to experience again. My only solution at the moment is get the hell out of Nice, France and hope LeRoux's men don't follow me back to San Francisco.
"Please, miss." He keeps nodding with a lame smile on his face.
"If this is about the broken glasses from last night we-"
"No, no," he interrupts. "You have a visitor, Miss." My heart starts to pound. Not LeRoux himself. Please, no.
"A visitor? Me? You must have the wrong person."
"No," he insists. "Miss Artino from California?" I nod. "A Mr. Kinlan waits for you."
"Kinlan?" I respond. "As in the family that owns this hotel?"
"Yes, Miss." His smile grows wider and I agree to follow him past the lobby to a quiet table in the hotel cafe.
"Uh." I glance around at the empty tables. "I thought this place was only open for brunch?"
"Not for me," a voice replies. A pearly smile sits behind attractive facial features and a sexy British accent. Rex grins, standing up as I approach his private table. His lean torso looks tempting in his fancy suit.
"Of course," I say in a low voice. "My sister won't talk to you so you're spying on me now?"
"You two are a lot alike," he chuckles, sitting down to a cup of coffee.
"Whatever weird fantasies are running through your head right now, I'm not into that."
"Have a seat," he laughs. Rex takes a sip of his steaming coffee, still with a smile on his face. I reluctantly sit down.
"Is there something I can do for you?" I ask. "Sneak you one of my big sister's thongs or something?" 
Rex looks amused.
"This visit has nothing to do with your sister."
"Really?"
"Might I remind you that you are at my hotel?" 
He pauses. 
I guess I am supposed to think twice before I speak to him. Whatevs.
"Okay," I reply. "Let me rephrase that. Rex, so nice to see you."
"Thank you," he answers. "I hope you're enjoying your stay." I bite the corner of my lip. I was having a good stay up until recently. Now I'm stuck trying to figure out how to survive the next few days. "Is something wrong?"
"Nope," I lie. I play with my fingers underneath the table.
"Do you want anything? Perhaps a coffee?"
A waiter rushes over and waits for my word. I shake my head. 
How about an explanation?
"I see you're a bit antsy," he comments.
"Very observant." I feel the heat of his glare on my face. "Sorry. The sarcasm just slips out. It's habit."
"I'm going to cut to the chase then. You're just the girl I've been looking for."
"Oh," I say, raising my eyebrows.
"I need a favor from you," he continues.
"Of course you do," I mutter. He sips his coffee and takes a moment to admire the lights of the city out the window. I smell the sea as a breeze blows through the room. It is fall back in the states - windy and cool. But here it is still gorgeous. The sun still brightens up the sky, making it possible to hang at the beach.
"You see Leah, I'm in a bit of a situation. My father had originally planned on passing the family business down to me-"
"Until your engagement fiasco," I mutter. Rex glares at me again. The flecks of gold in his cocoa eyes glimmer in the light. "Sorry."
"But," he clears his throat. "In light of recent events that had to be publicized all over the world, my father has changed his mind."
"Ouch," I mumble.
"Yes indeed." Rex nods, taking a calming breath. "My father is now considering passing the business to my cousin Warren. He's been mentoring him for quite some time."
"That sucks," I respond. Rex does a double take, unsure if I am being sarcastic or serious. I shrug. "What? It does."
"In fact once Warren secures the company's future by finding a wife, I'm convinced that will be it. He will be handed what's rightfully mine." I nod like I actually care. But the truth is I don't give a crap about his problems. I'm just being polite. I have more important things to worry about . . . like getting home in one piece. My stomach churns as I anxiously think about packing up my room and catching the next available flight to the U.S. "This is why I need you."
"Me? What can I do?"
"It's simple," he chuckles. "I want you to date him." I hold back a laugh.
"Are you're sure that's a good idea?" I ask.
"I trust you," he replies.
"No, you trust my sister. I'm not Kat."
"I still trust you," he insists. "I want you to date Warren. Keep him occupied, and most importantly distract him from his work."
"Look," I sigh. "I'm sorry this is happening to you right now but-"
"I'll pay you." His comment makes me sit up straighter in my chair.
"How much?"
"Listen Leah," he begins. "I won't pretend that I haven't done my homework. I know what's going on. I know you need the money."
"How do you-"
"I will pay off your debts," he goes on. "But in return I need this favor." My heart leaps as I imagine myself shopping without wondering if I was being stalked by Leron and his posse.
"You want me to date him," I repeat. "That's it, right? And if by some twist in the universe he's not into me? Then what?"
"Trust me," Rex smiles. "You're exactly his type. But I'll keep my word. You do the best you can and I'll do the best I can."
"Let's say I agree to this nonsense." I lean closer, tossing a strand of hair over my shoulder. I can't afford to say no, but I don't want to seem desperate. I am already hiding a lifetime of embarrassment behind my perfectly lined eyes. How the hell does Rex know about LeRoux? "Please tell me Warren isn't a hairy forty-year-old with a foot fetish." 
 "See you're perfect for this," he answers. "Warren was raised in New York and he's twenty-six." My heart leaps. The icing on the cupcake would be knowing that Warren looks just like Rex, maybe even hotter.
"And you want me to bump into him? Buy him a drink? Get him to buy me a drink? What?"
"Alright," Rex says in a lower voice. "Here are the specifics. I will give you all the information you need - everything there is to know about him. I want you to play hard to get. Let him fall for you. And when he's smitten there is a very important meetings he must be late for."
"So you want to pay me to keep your rich cousin out of a conference room?"
"Essentially . . . yes."
"Um . . ."
"It's not like I'm paying you to sleep with him," he adds. My eyes go wide. I try to avoid blushing. "I just want the two of you to date for a while." He takes another sip of coffee and stares at the frown on my face. "Leah, be honest with yourself for a minute. You don't have much of a choice here." 
I sigh, glancing down at my worn sneakers. Rex is right, but I always have a hard time doing anything I am told to do.
I don't have the option to say no. Not if I want to live to my twenty-second birthday.
"Fine," I nod. "I'll do it. But no one can know about this. I mean no one."
"I wouldn't have it any other way." Rex pulls out a silver money clip and sets down a wad of hundred dollar bills. "Here. Buy yourself a sexy cocktail dress."
"Thanks," I mutter. It feels weird to take the money but Rex has a point. I can't meet an up-and-coming billionaire looking like this. Jeans and half a t-shirt. I need something designer. Rex grins and stands up to leave.
"Oh," he says, slightly twisting his mouth. "One more thing." Here it comes. The "but". "You might have a bit of competition."
"What do you mean competition?"
"I mean Warren has been seeing someone. A girl called Brooklyn."
I roll my eyes, dumping the ball of cash back on the table.
"I may be a serial dater," I respond, standing up too. "But I'm not a homewrecker."
"They're not exclusive," Rex says. "They've just been seeing each other off and on."
"And you're scared he'll propose once he realizes what could happen if he marries her," I finish. I shake my head and bolt for the door. "I'm out."
"Stop," Rex calmly commands. "You know what will happen if you walk out that door?" I freeze. "Since your little incident at the casino, your every move is being watched. They will find you, and they will make you pay somehow. Do you understand that?" It takes all I have not to burst into tears. 
I think about Leron pinning me against the wall. 
The hate in his eyes and the fire behind his sinister laugh. 
This is the only way I can escape a repeat. 
You have to. It's the opportunity you've been hoping for. Don't throw it away! 
I slowly turn to face him, eyeing the cash on the table. My ticket to a hot night of clubbing, all expenses paid. Not to mention . . . freedom.
"You can help me?" I whisper. Rex nods with surety. "I'll never have to face those bastards again?"
"You made a mistake," he answers. "I'll make sure it stays in the past where it belongs. You have my word."
"Okay," I say quietly. "It's a deal. Warren better be hot or I'll charge you extra."


REX

Chapter Two

"Don't just stand there." In any conversation my mum is never the pawn. She is the schemer. The minute she arrived I knew my fate had been decided - in her eyes that is. Nothing is that easy and I have never let Mum's foolish demands stop me before. I am a pro at getting what I want. A result of being raised by a schemer no doubt. "Well? Do you understand what I'm saying Rexford?"
"You're telling me Dad can't trust me with the company because of some girl?"
"Not just a girl," Mum replies. "A wife. Not like you understand that word." I understand more than she gives me credit for. I'd almost gotten past that hurdle with Kat. The one woman who actually told me no. It won't happen again. I can win back her affections. All I need is time and few cards in my hand.
A breeze blows through the window reminding me of her scent. The way she used to look at me, like I was her savior. She let me feel every inch of her skin like it was mine. And I still had vivid visions of her waltzing into my bedroom and commanding my gaze with her wavy hair draped across her luscious breasts. 
I have to get her back. 
I need to have her whenever I want.
"We'll see about that," I slyly respond, giving my right hand man Charles a quick glance. Charles is the only person who understands my approach to creative problem-solving. He knows very well the plan I have already put in motion concerning my future at Kinlan Corp.
"Oh dear," she replies, taking a sip of something from her champagne glass. My mum always has a glass in hand. But surprisingly she is able to carry herself with pride and charisma, not matter how pissed she is. "Don't tell me you've been harassing that poor girl. She said no and it's time you accepted it."
"You've known Katherine how long?" I try not to smirk as I check the messages on my phone. "Five seconds?"
"And you have had how long to find a suitable wife?" Mum grins. She gently touches the sides of her hair, making sure every strand is in its proper place. "Five years? I told you this day would come, my boy. Instead of taking my advice you chose to waste your time with whores." 
She should have been born in the 1800's.
"Thanks Mum," I politely reply, gesturing towards the door. "I'll take care of it."
"You better. I don't have the strength to argue with your father anymore." She stands up straight, nodding at Charles as she nears the door. She takes one last look around the presidential suite of our largest French resort. "You might very well be just a guest the next time you're here." 
That will never happen. Why my father decided to mentor my arrogant cousin Warren is beyond me. My father is a brilliant businessman but when it comes to other things he is a complete arse.
"See you at tea." I hold my stare, another way of assuring her that I'm not about to step aside. My mum chuckles to herself as Charles opens the door and escorts her down the hall. I anxiously look at my watch. Not a second passes that I don't think about Kat. What she might be doing? Why she is with that tosser Jack? 
She will come to her senses.
"You think she'll pull it off, sir?" Charles is taller, thicker, and balder than I'll ever be. His mere presence makes an impact. We've been friends since grade school and our first meeting wasn't a pleasant one. Charles had been sent by a rival footballer to make sure I didn't have the strength to play my next match. I figured him out quickly, outbid my opponent, and Charles has been loyal to me ever since.
"Leah?" Kat's sister is the spitting image of her with long caramel hair and a fit body. She is vivacious but wilder than her older sister. "She's a lively one. She'll catch Warren's attention. She can't afford not to."
"Well played." Charles does a quick scan of the doors and windows. I pull aside the velvety drapes and gaze down at scattered sunbathers.
"What do we know about Warren's prospect?"
"Brooklyn Kane," Charles clears his throat and opens the notebook he keeps in his chest pocket. "Daughter of famous fashion designer Diana Piralov. She has a brother, Michael, who lives in Paris. She and Warren met while she was studying at Columbia."
"Skip the details. I mean what do we know about her?"
"Before she met Warren she was in a serious relationship," Charles says quietly.
"How did it end?"
"He ended it."
"Oh," I chuckle. "This couldn't be more perfect. We can use him as our back up plan."
"Of course." Charles tilts his head, waiting for more instructions.
"That's it."
"If I may," Charles continues. "If your plan works-"
"It will work," I reassure him.
"That won't change the fact that you still won't have a bride."
The roots of my plan to get Kat back were laid a long time ago. I can't blame her for doing what she did - refusing to give me a second chance after finding out about my drunken night with her best friend. Kat has guts and what had happened between Holly and I was just a bump in the road. Holly is the type of girl I can have any time. 
Kat makes me think. I can never put my finger on what she is thinking about or who she is thinking about. Her engagement to Jack was a bit of a shock until Charles ran a background check. That bloke had been around the block and had a nice stash of cash hidden away. 
He can be broken. 
He doesn't have billions to inherit and a company at stake. 
I do.
"Leah's loyalty will be more than enough," I respond. "Once I clear her debt with LeRoux she'll be indebted to me for a long, long time."
"Yes," Charles answers. "But will that be enough? Kat is planning her wedding as we speak."
"Her family means a lot to her." I take a deep breath. This next part isn't one I'm fond of. "After I save her sister and stop her parent's shop from closing down, she won't be able to ignore me."
"Her parent's shop, Sir?"
"A guy at SF Loans owes me a favor." I move away from the window and adjust my suit coat. "Any time now they'll receive a call from their bank telling them they've defaulted on their business loan."
"And you will step in and save the day yet again," Charles finishes with a grin on his face.
"Exactly."
"And the fianc?"
"Jack will fall on his own," I reply. "Jealousy is a powerful thing."
Jack. The man responsible for turning Kat against me. The guy who ruined my chance at winning her back. The guy who gave the papers a reason to ridicule me. 
If he doesn't mess things up on his own, I will have to help him.


LEAH

Chapter Three

My stomach won't settle. Rex sent a folder full of notes to my room but I can't stop thinking about Leron. I'm paranoid that I'll see his face when I turn a corner. I've seen enough action movies to know how this is supposed to go down. 
Girl owes money. 
Girl either pays money or skips town, and the bad guy still wins. 
I feel like LeRoux has already won for some reason. What if I fail to do what Rex wants? My debt will float around me like a fat baby cupid until Leron comes for my head, and then what? I don't have what it takes to always be on the run.
I squeeze into the dress that Rex paid for. It is short, slim in the waist, and violet. I curl another strand of my hair and glance at Warren's file. My eye stops at a cluster of statements. 
Favorite food: sausage and pineapple calzone. Favorite color: red. Favorite band: Soundgarden. Best friend: Ben Alders, documentary filmmaker. . . What is this? A pen pal questionnaire?
I look away, letting out a giant breath that temporarily gives my ribs a little wiggle room. Like I will remember all that. What idiot will fall for my favorite color's red, and I like pineapple and sausage calzones. What about you? Any normal human will see right through it. Maybe Warren is a moron?
The hotel door flies open and my roommate and bride-to-be Jenna storms in. She has a bronze tan from spending too much time at the tanning salon around the corner from our apartment. She always came home smelling like coconut.
I push away Warren's file, hoping Jenna won't notice that I'm primping for no reason. Jenna rolls her eyes and scans the mini bar. 
Total annoyance.
"Is Keith being an ass again?" I don't have to look up to know the face Jenna is making.
"You have no freakin' idea."
"I told you girl," I say quietly. "Don't involve him in the planning. Guys aren't good at that kind of stuff." I hear Jenna let out a sigh.
"Whatever." She collapses on the couch with a tiny bottle of something strong. "How hard is it to pick out a china pattern? Don't even get me started on seating assignments."
"Oh about that," I add. "You better put my sister far, far away from Rex."
"Duh." She suspiciously glances at my choice of attire for the evening. "Where are you going?"
"The bar downstairs," I casually reply.
"I thought you said buying drinks there was like buying fake Christian Dior? A waste of money. Unless . . ." Her thin lips curl into a smile. "You met a guy."
"No," I blurt out. That is the truth. What if I can't stand sitting next to Warren for more than five minutes? All these rich boys are the same. Cocky and arrogant. Every conversation involves a yacht, a ski lodge, or a vacation home in the Hamptons. 
Boring.
"Don't lie to me Leah Artino." She narrows her baby blue eyes. "You know I'll figure it out eventually."
"Stay the hell away from my phone and facebook account."
"I only hacked it once," she smiles. "I wouldn't have had to if you would have just told me what was going on between you and Aiden." I roll my eyes. I would have been furious if I hadn't done the same thing to her a couple months ago.
"I change my password daily because of you." I watch her quietly laugh and let herself sink farther into the couch. "Are you still sure you want to go through with it?"
"Of course I do," Jenna practically barks.
"Okay." I put my hands up. "It's just you've been nothing but stressed since the moment Keith proposed. Are you sure it's worth it?" Instead of shouting some more, Jenna looks at me. Her eyes soften and she studies my face with a look of pity.
"It totally is," she replies in a low voice. The room is quiet. The tone of her voice switches to that of a worrisome mother. I've never seen Jenna so serious and so sure about anything. "If you ever fall in love, you'll understand." 
Her comment gives me chills. I stand up with a stern look on my face.
"What makes you think I haven't been in love?"
"Leah, come on. You're always with a different guy. Sometimes two."
"Hey-"
"You've never really been in love," she continues. I feel my cheeks start to burn.
"Well I'm not one of those losers who believes in love at first sight," I retaliate, knowing that's how Jenna sees her relationship with Keith. Love at first sight. They were into each other from the moment they first met. Jenna frowns.
"Only people who have never experienced it say that."
"Whatev," I mutter. "This is stupid. I'm not going to argue about it."
"Right," Jenna responds. "Because how can anyone truly love the same person for the rest of their life?"
"It's a valid question," I say.She is trying to make me mad and I'm falling for it but I don't care. "Things change. People change. Nothing lasts forever."
"People can change together," Jenna answers.
"Since when are you a psych major?"
"See," she shouts. "You always do that."
"What?"
"That." She takes a sip of her drink and laughs.
"How much have you had to drink today?"
"You always change the subject." She takes another sip. I toss my hair over my shoulder and retreat to my room. With Warren's file in hand, I sit on the bed and attempt to memorize the details inside.
So what if I don't have a fianc like Jenna? Just like the rest, she will get married, get bored, and then probably get divorced. I am entitled to my opinion, aren't I? Love makes things complicated. It forces people to do stupid irrational things that they wouldn't normally do. 
So I've never been in love, but I've been close enough. And it isn't what I think about day in and day out like my sister Kat. I don't have a "perfect man" checklist.
I open Warren's file and sigh, staring at pages of words I don't care to look at. I shake my head. Why do I always screw things up? My mind jumps back to the moment I'd agreed to LeRoux's little game of chance. I wouldn't be here if I would have said no to him. Why didn't I say no? 
I turn a page and see a picture that drowns all the thoughts swimming in my subconscious. That's Warren? I catch myself smiling. All the worry washes away and I jump to my feet, checking the time. This is going to be easy.

