
WE ARE THE ENTOMBED
Dext of the Dead  Book Three
By
Steve Kuhn

Fans of The Walking Dead are going to love this series. The characters are realistic and witty, the dialogue is great and the writing is quickly paced. The series should do well. Recommended. 
~ Weston Kincade, author of A Life of Death

- BOOKS of the DEAD -

Smashwords Edition


LOVE READING?
Sign up for BOOK-ie and find the best deals.
It's free!


This book is a work of fiction. All characters, events, dialog, and situations in this book are fictitious and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner without written permission except in the case of reprinted excerpts for the purpose of reviews.

WE ARE THE ENTOMBED

BOOKS of the DEAD

Copyright 2014 by Steve Kuhn

Edited by Wake Editing
Cover Design by Small Dog Design

For more information, contact: Besthorror@gmail.com
Visit us at: Booksofthedeadpress.com


Read All 5 Books In Steve Kuhns Amazing 
Apocalyptic Series Dext Of The Dead: 
WE ARE THE PLAGUE
WE ARE THE INFECTED
WE ARE THE ENTOMBED
WE ARE THE EXTINCTION
WE ARE THE END


Entry 82

Murphy got this Freightliner going, and I gotta say, its been a comfortable ride for the past couple of days. We ditched that diner a lot sooner than I thought we would have but, much like Hopes place, it was more painful to stay than go. Cutty, JC, and Fool are on point up ahead of us, and Rebecca has been keeping Kylee company in the sleeper of the new rig along with the Fart-meister.
Murphy has rediscovered the ancient art of C.B. radios and even installed one in the jeep that we ripped out of another rig at the truck stop. Listening to Murphy, Cutty, and Fool on these fucking things is hilariousalmost as funny as the funeral Murphy had for his truck as we left it behind at the truck stop.
The C.B. radio crackled, and he began, Ladies and gentlemen, we are gathered here today to both celebrate a long and prosperous life and to mourn the end of an era. I remember when I first saw her. She was beautiful, sexy classy, in a half-ton kinda way. She sparkled when I put my hands on her, and she purred when I got her motor runnin. She was loyal, reliable, and I hoped that wed grow old together. 
He let his finger off of the button on the radio, and I heard Cutty on the other end chime in with, Yes, Lawd! Preach it, Mista Murphy!
Murphy smirked at me and continued, But it was not to be. I knew she was always worried that I would trade her in for a newer model, and I could never quite make her understand that she was my one and only
Fart growled from the sleeper cab as if disgruntled that Murphy would even imply that she wasnt his favorite, and Murphy told her, Oh, knock it off, you! I havent left you behind yet, have I?
She huffed a snort of seeming disbelief and laid her head back down.
We had a lot of good times, me and that baby-blue slice of heaven. I loved that fuckin truck. May she rest in peace. Father, Son, Holy Spirit, Amen.
Cutty crackled back, Amen, brotha. Amen! 
It reminds me of a few of the good times we had with Junior and Wyatt. I wish Kylee was with it enough to laugh with me. 
Shit that was a pretty selfish thing to say.
Earlier in the day, though, we came across some pretty troubling shit. We saw the smoke on the roadside, so we approached cautiously as the jeep pulled over to investigate. When we hopped out, it was clear that some pretty serious shit went down. 
I can only imagine the size of the highway herd that once roamed here. There had to be hundreds. What was left of two enormous fires smoldered in the morning dew, and the stench of biters, burning flesh, and wet leaves mixed to form a strange and sickening smell of week-old cookout leftovers. 
Between the dying fires was a sizable row of makeshift gravesnot the ones with bodies buried in them or whatever, though. These were more like markers. They were made up of machine guns stuck into the wet ground with helmets atop them and a pair of boots next to each one. A set of military dog tags hung from each marker.
I dont really know what we were thinking, to be honest. I guess Cutty, JC, and I were blowing off steam. Cutty window-shopped along the markers until he found a suitable pair of boots before removing his own and trying them on. 
He called over to me, Heeell, yeah! Got a nigga stylin now, son!
I grinned, snagged one of the helmets off of a marker, and threw it on my head. I told Cutty, Wish I had one of these back when Kylee was always smackin me on my fuckin nugget-piece!
Worst idea ever!
Fool came running over and snapped at us angrily, Hey! Da fawck is wrong with you? Take it off! You, too, Cutty. Take that shit off, and put it back exactly how you found it.
I pulled off the helmet, sat it back on top of the rifle I got it from, and shot a glance at Cutty. 
He was untying his new boots and muttering, I dont know wat da problem is, Fool. Dey dont be needin em anymore, an I been wearin dese worn-out muhfuckas for too damn long any damn way.
Fool stalked over to a crouched-down Cutty and pushed him, causing Cutty to fall back onto his ass with a thump. He put his finger in Cuttys face and said angrily, Respect, Cutty! Respect for fallen marines! You dont understand, and yous neve will, know what Im sayin? But, so help me, if you dont put that stuff back, were gonna have a fawckin problemyou an me, know what Im sayin?
It hit me. 
These men were his friends. Biters were in one fire and the marines were in the other. We were laughing and playing with the things that belonged to his fuckin friendshis fellow marines. I felt like an asshole. I just stood there staring at him and Cutty like a complete and utter idiot.
Cutty looked up at Fool as he realized the same thing and sighed heavily. Damn, Fool. Ma bad, man. Ma bad, he apologized.
Fool held out a hand and helped Cutty to his feet. We put everything back as neatly as possible while Fool walked down the row of markers reading every tag.
He stopped at about the sixth or seventh one and hung his head, saying, Dilz. Damn. Dilz is dead. 
Wiping his face and taking a deep breath, he told me, That was my boy, know what Im sayin?
I looked at Fool, threw my arm around his shoulder, and told him, Yeah, Fool. I know what youre sayin. I know exactly what youre sayin.


Entry 83

I miss Mom and Dad. Theres a tough guy out there somewhere who would call me a fag for saying that. Hey, tough guy if youre readin this, go fuck yourself.
A few months ago, in the beginning, I knew where they had more than likely ended up, and I was at peace with that. They were among friends, in a secure spot, with plenty of ammo and food and all that. I wrote all about it. What I didnt think about was how long all that food and ammo would last and what they would do after it ran out. Eventually, it would be gone, right?
If the geeks came, fine. If raiders came, fine. If rescue came, awesome! They could handle almost any threat because of their preparedness, but what if nothing came? What if they just sat there and nothing happened? And then, one day, they were out of everything.
They would have to move, scavenge, and run like the rest of us. They would eventually come across the biters and the raiders the guys like JC. 
Dammit.
Its like my mind is just fucking with me. I want so badly to have hope and to have the will to fight the good fight. I want so badly to protect my friends and to show them that we can still be human and good and manage to survive without being animals. Every time I actually think it through, though, I come to a different conclusion. More and more often, I picture us in this never-ending loop of being on the road, chasing a military that well never catchrunning around looking for the refills of supplies we need to keep fighting for our lives, only to use them up while fighting for the next refill. Its retarded. I just want to quit.
And then, when Im in a particularly good mood, I imagine the day that we do catch up with Kilo and the rest of the marines. Then that little glimmer of hope turns to shit immediately when I actually consider that theyre running just like we are. So, well catch them one day, make new friends, and fight new battles, until what? Until our new friends are in a fucking bonfire and all their shits lined along the side of the road for some asshole like me to desecrate. 
Why cant you wake up, Kylee? Why do you just sit there motionless, staring into space? What the fuck are you thinking about? Why dont you understand that Ive lost nearly everything Ive ever cared about, and I continue to lose what little I have left with each passing day? Why cant you understand that I need you? And you do this now! 
No Youre being selfish, Dext. Youre being a selfish fucking child again. 
Mom wouldve told me that, too. Shed have said, The world doesnt revolve around you, Dext. You are not the center of the universe. You might think you are, but youre not. You need to be there for Kylee and for your friends. You need to stand up and lead them or, at the very least, you need to be there to help them.
And I wouldve nodded and argued that I was being selfish because I was hurting. I wouldve come up with about fifty reasons why I was justified in being a selfish, little prick at that moment. Id try and make it make sense. Id fail, and Id know Id failed.
Then she would smile, and shed say, Its not easy. I understand how you feel, but I also need you to know that you have to put others before yourself if you love them.
It was right about then that Dad would walk in, catch the tail end of the conversation, and say, Hey, get your shit together! Your mothers right. Then hed grab something from the room and walk back to whatever he was doing before. Id probably hug Mom and thank her for settin me straight. Then Id walk out of the room, only to find the old man waiting on me. See, Mom was great at calling me out and making me realize I had fucked up. That was crucial. Then Dad would tell me how to fix it or, at the very least, what not to do. 
His approach was more to the point, because he knew exactly how I was thinking. Lets face it, hes just an older and wiser version of me. Or am I just a younger and more nave version of him? Meh, same thing
Hed say, Dext, its normal. Theres nothing wrong with feeling the way you do, but youre actin like an asshole. Thats the difference, man. You can feel however you want to feel about shit, but when it comes down to how you act, you need to do the right thing. You need to be a mannot that whole tough-guy, meat-head shit either. By man, I mean you need to use those insecure feelings to motivate you. You wont always do the right thing. Shit, I used to fuck up daily and still do. But you have to try to do right by the people around you. Youll learn that if you put people ahead of yourself, one day theyll do it for you.
Right about here, Id go, But what about when I put someone ahead of myself and then they dont do the same when I need them?
And hed look me straight in the eye and say, That would suck, wouldnt it? Yeah, its gonna happen sometimes. Point is, you werent that guy. Dont ever be that guy, Dext.
Thats why I miss Mom and Dad. They were a team. I needed them both, and they always did their jobs.
Dont be that guy, Dext.


Entry 84

We found a pretty sweet garage this morning while on a short scavenging mission. Cutty, Rebecca, and JC stayed back at the tractor trailer with Kylee. Shes going on about a week of this bizarre, catatonic behavior. Murphy said it was purely stress related, but hes not convinced we have the knowledge or the means to bring her back around. So, for now, we just sit with her and talk to her as if she were normal. Its weird, but it gets us through.
This garage was full of tools, parts, and all kinds of awesome shit that we can use to hook up the new truck. The most pleasant surprise of all was that the welder was in order and still had stuff in the tanks! 
Now, as usual, none of this shit came easy, and we had some action while securing the place. It was nothing that we couldnt handle but still, every time you come across the dead, you run the risk of some nasty shit goin down.
Fart was at Murphys side, as always, and her haunches went up almost as soon as we hopped out of the jeep. Murphy patted her on the neck and told her to lead the way, saying, Aight, girl, lets get em
Fool had his rifle across his back, but opted instead to use his sidearm. I did my best gangster impression and drew my two pistols from behind my back, dual wielding like some Lethal Weapon wannabe. 
Murphy shot me a sideways glance and said, Christs sake, Sally, you aint no fuckin Rambo. Last time I saw you take a shot at a dumbshit, you almost hit the last survivor in the next state over. Maybe you oughtta stick to using one at a time, eh?
I mumbled something about teabagging him while he sleeps as Fool chimed in, He cant shoot, but he punches like a fawckin boxer, know what Im sayin? Maybe you shouldnt bust his balls like dat, Murph Might end up like JC ova here.
We all chuckled at the joke as I stashed one back into my belt.
I was about to say something else, but I didnt get the chance. From out of the parking lot beside the garage, a two-piece emerged and started moaning and creeping towards us. Weve been calling out our geeks by number like that for the past couple of days. It makes me laugh sometimes.
The other night, I drew the short straw yet again and had to stand guard while Cutty took one of his famously disgusting baked-bean shits. While he was in the middle of dropping this massive deuce, he looked up and went, Awww shiggity! Got us a three-piece and a biscuit.
I was like, Knock it off, dude. Youre gaggin me with your funky ass, and you wanna talk about a chicken box? If I even think about food right now, Im gonna barf.
He was like, Naw, nigga. Right there! Three biters and a crawlin muhfucka, right across da waythree-piece and the crawlers da biscuit.
Why was that funny? Fuck if I know, but it made me forget for a second that Cutty was takin a crap and three and a half geeks were within twenty feet. Thats when Kylee would have normally smacked me across the back of the head for not seeing them first. There was no smack this time. Instead, Cutty just tossed me a machete and said, On ya own, homie.
I worked it out. It wasnt all badass like Cuttys machete skills, but I managed to run around the small group, swinging when I saw an opportunity, until they were down. It took me about ten minutes to get them all finished off while fat ass sat there merrily stinkin up the countryside.
Anyway, back to today. This two-piece was headed at us, so I posted up and took a shot. Naturally, it missed. Fool took a long look at me and said, Nah, youre doin it all wrong, know what Im sayin? Hold it like a titty.
Now, my first thought was, Did I just hear that right? And Im sure my face showed my confusion, so he reiterated.
Ya know, like a titty. Your holdin the fawckin gun like its ya dick and jerkin it all around. Be gentle, know what Im sayin? You dont grab a titty like that. You grab a titty all soft an shit. Try again.
I shrugged and took aim again, but this time I let the weight of the weapon sit comfortably in my hand. I looked over at Fool, and he nodded his approval. 
He added, Now, hold your breath, and squeeze nice an easy. Juuuust like a tiiittttiiieeee.
Boom!
That fuckin bernies head exploded like Gallagher with a watermelon. 
Murphy spat on the ground and said, Sum bitch! Not bad, Sally. He clapped me on the back as Fool casually smoked the second one for us.
Dumb and dumber are scrounging around right now for this and that, but I think well just bring the tractor over tonight and get to work. Weve got some ideas on how we can make the trailer secure and comfortable, and Fool is confident that he can figure out where we can make gun ports. Well slap some armor on that bitch and make us a for real tractor-battle-tank-mutha-fuckin-awesomesauce vehicle.
I figure if we have to roll on across this shit hole of a country against hordes of undead sack biters, we might as well do it in style. 
I will call itDextimus Prime! 


Entry 85

All right, straight up, Dextimus Prime is the shit! Problem is, Murphys being a bitch, and he wont let anyone else drive it. 
We got the doors on the cab, the trailer all reinforced, and Murphy attached this badass wedge to the front for pushing cars and debris out of the way. Its working like a charm.
Inside the trailer, though; thats where life gets a little lovelier. It was hot as balls inside, so the first thing we did was cut some ventilation holes in the sidewalls, near the top, down the length of the entire trailer. We tore out some bench seats from some junkers out back of the garage and made a little living room back there, too. The bedrolls fit near the rear comfortably, and JC made some sweet gun racks to hang from the walls. 
Lighting was an issue at first, but it didnt take Rebecca very long to MacGyver up a solution to that little problem. She snagged a few old car batteries and some light fixtures from the adjoining office and did some wiring magic. The finale was accompanied by her usual, Voila!
So, yeah, its pretty much a mobile living space. I think tomorrow well try and figure out how to put a ladder and hatch up to the roof of the trailer just in case the shit really hits the fan one day and were completely surrounded. For now, though, Id say its pretty well sorted out. Well keep two bodies in the jeep as a pilot vehicle, and hopefully we wont draw much attention from the dead. Although, I do worry that the living would take one look at this hotness and want it for themselves. If that should happen, well be as ready as we can be.
In other news, Kylee hasnt said or done anything yet. Shes still just wistfully staring into space and barely acknowledging anyone. Weve managed to keep her safely tucked away, though. I talk to her sometimes. Even if she isnt listening, I think its good for her to know were here and that shes still with us.
Rebecca has been really stepping up to help with her. She makes sure Kylees cleaned up and sort of bathed. No such thing as a real bath lately, but we make the effort with what we have on hand. 
Tomorrow should be an interesting day. Were going to try to push through another full day and drive for as long as possible in an effort to catch the Kilo boys, or whats left of them. The entire chase scene is wearing on the others as well. Theres been some idle chatter about giving up on them completely and trying to settle down somewhere. The work we did on the truck seems to have bolstered confidence in the group, but at what cost? I wonder if were getting a little too big for our britches.
Maybe. But still Dextimus Fuckin Prime, baby!


Connection Attempt II

.
.
Spark2 Secure Shell> open
( to ) Spark1
Connecting to Spark1
.
.
Connection established!
Spark1> Chalmers, I should have your ass in the glass house for this! Direct and obvious insubordination, disregarding higher command, and misuse of military personnel and armaments! I am highly pissed off!
Spark2> Sir, we tried several times to establish a connection so that we could request through the proper channels. Dr. Morofsky was a dead man out there alone and, with the latest support the army and the national guard provided, we were in a good position to send a few men with him. I made a judgment call, sir.
Spark1> Chalmers, your judgment isnt the issue here! Morofsky was to go alone for another reason altogether. This is a matter of national security.
Spark2> Sir, permission to speak freely?
Spark1> Well, since youre making a habit of ignoring orders lately, Ill grant it. Youre going to do whatever the hell you want anyway, apparently. Make it good.
Spark2> Off the record, sir, Morofsky told me everything. I know about New Mexico, I know about what they do there, and now I know the full story of Donald Peel, aka Subject 17. 
Spark1> Jesus, Chalmers. Who else knows?
Spark2> Just mefor now.
Spark1> What do you mean by for now?
Spark2> It means I like the sound of Captain Chalmers, and when we have this problem under full control, I am looking forward to my new post under your command. You know? The real cushy and safe one that pays well? Id hate for the men to find out that the country theyre fighting to save sold them out on a bogus vaccine.
Spark1> Chalmers, you little shit! Are you blackmailing me right now?
Spark2> Not at all, sir. Were negotiating.
Spark1> Look, I can probably pull some strings, but I need to know everything that snake told youeverything.
Spark2> I know that government officials were convinced that we could unlock the Fountain of Youth. Morofsky says they spent years breeding humans until the genetics were able to accept the Spark substance properly. I know that Subject 17 was the first major success, and I know that once that was locked down, only the very wealthy would be able to afford the procedure to negate the effects of aging. 
Spark1> Not entirely accurate, but close enough. Go on.
Spark2> Oh, but theres more! You have a lot of dirty, little secrets, sir. Awfully convenient that your daughter was married to the first successful subject, isnt it? I mean, surely a grandchild with an innate ability to age at a fraction of the rate as the rest of us, and who contains the genetic material to ensure it can be sold to the highest bidder, would be a very valuable commodity indeed! It comes as no surprise that a man who would sell out his own daughter would sell out his men and his country as well.
Spark1> Ive made a lot of tough decisions in my life, Chalmers. We all have. My reasons for making those decisions were always in the best interests of the country. Dont you ever think otherwise. Now that I know my grandchild is dead and I have no idea what Kylees status is, my priorities have shifted. Ill see to that new post of yours, but so help me, if you open your mouth about this to anyone, Ill have you burning corpses to stay warm in Bumfuck, Alaska once we complete the mission. Are we clear?
Spark2> Crystal, sir. In fact, Ive already ensured the escort that accompanied Dr. Morofsky will not be returning from the Roswell Facility.
Spark1> I wont ask how. Just see to it that this stays between you and me.
Spark2> Sir, yes, sir. Good day, sir.
Spark1> Knock it off, Chalmers. Smartass. One last thing. Did he tell you where the Spark material came from?
Spark2> Thats the part I dont quite understand, sir. He said that Groom Lake made it, but Groom Lake is just a testing facility for experimental aircraft. All the Area 51 stories are smoke and mirrors, right?
Spark1> Of course it is, Captain Chalmerssmoke and mirrors. I want you to take the trip to the Albuquerque facility and see to it that Dr. Morofsky is looked after. Also, see to it that Mr. Baxters diary entries continue to transmit until the document is completed. Put your best person on it. There is still the matter of Kylee, and I need to know if shes still alive.
Spark2> About that, sir. Ive finished reading the diary. Im sorry to tell you this, sir, but your daughter is dead. She was with Mr. Baxter when @#$^ #&*@^ @*&%# _ _ _ _ _ _
Connection lost.
Retry? Yes
Spark2 Secure Shell> open
( to ) Spark1
.
.
Connection failed. Could not open connection to the host on port 5651.
> Quit


Entry 86

We found her cowering in a closet. She was with the other girl Dana, the babysitter, or whatever. Right now, shes with me and Cutty in the trailer sleepingfitfully. But at least shes sleeping. I have no idea how shes doing it considering the day shes had.
I hate shopping days. Shopping days suck because it almost always ends up with a close call. A sleeper makes a grab for Rebeccas foot, Cutty ends up in a five-on-one machete match, JC and Fool come up with some half-cocked plan that ends with us all running out of town. Its always something on shopping day. Today was no different.
We followed JC and Cutty into this wealthy suburb in an effort to loot some houses for whatever could be found. Weve been doing the quiet thing a lot lately to conserve ammo and to keep attention to a minimum. It was crawling with the dead, and every fucking house was a chore. Remember Chuck? How he made his way home? It was like everyone in this entire town died, turned, and walked their stinky, dead asses right back home. 
I find that interesting, come to think of it. They gravitate to shit they did or places they stayed when they were alive, yet they have nothing stopping them from roaming free until they rot away or meet a motherfucker like Cutty, hehe. Shit, man, we even saw one in a work uniform dragging a paint can that was bone dry. He just stood there at this one house, painting it over and over and over again. No telling how long he had been doing it. When Fool put the ax through its forehead, we noticed that the paintbrush he carried was worn all the way down to the wooden handle. Stupid fuck. If I ever turn, I hope Im cool enough to walk my ass off a cliff somewhere.
The main drag through the community, which ended in a cul-de-sac, held about twelve to fourteen geeks and a further six on the various front lawns. I bet that place was super nice at one point, but it had been so long that all the grass was overgrown, and the bushes and trees had gone wild. There looked to be about six houses on either side of the streetbig houses.
We kept D-Prime at the mouth of the community and sent JC, Fool, and Murphy down the main road in the jeep. JC honked the horn and shit so all the street geeks began following them; then he slowed down enough so that Murphy could pick them all off with his bow while hanging out of the window. It took some time and more than a few passes, but it was safe. Thats all that mattered.
Clearing houses is a breeze, more or less. Between what Kylee taught me and what Fool knew from the corps, we were well sorted. Murphy kept Fart out ahead of us and showed us all that they had a few tricks we hadnt seen yet. He could make her press forward or stop by blowing on one of those little, brass dog whistles he kept on a chain around his neck. That was the shit, because Fart alerts us if there are dumbshits in the room, and then we can make the entry and clear. With JC and Rebecca keeping watch on the front porch and Kylee safely locked away in D-Primes trailer, we were a fuckin straight-up wrecking crew.
The first house offered up nothing more than a bloody mess as Cutty minced up an entire family, grandparents included. Luckily, that was all in one room, and every one of the dead was sort of in sleep mode. The kitchen was fucked up, and everything was contaminated and moldy.
The second was worse, though. A two-piece, which I assumed were parents, shambled around inside, but there were also kidsthree of them. Cutty refused to finish them and left it to Fool and me, saying simply, Nah, nigga. Bitin or not, I aint doin that shit. I caint sleep as it is. 
Im not going to write anymore about that.
So, we were thinkin by this point that the third times the charmumm not so much. The downstairs was clear, but there were three geeks in the family room with their heads already popped open. That struck me as odd but nothing to worry about. I mean, anytime you have less deadheads to worry about, you should just count your blessings. 
Fools radar went up, though, and he said, Somethin aint right here, know what Im sayin? I can feel it. 
Murphy gave Fart a glance and said, Yep. She agrees.
I didnt feel anything but the usual. I had to poop. I always have to poop when we clear houses. Dont judge me.
We worked our way upstairs, and as soon as we reached the top, Farts haunches went up and she froze. Staring at the only closed door in the entire house, she hung her head low and rumbled a growl.
Fool moved to the door and knocked with the butt of his ax. That may sound retarded, but its actually the best way to determine if theres dead inside. Dumbshits will immediately start scratching at the door and shit. There was only silence. 
Cutty whispered, Aight, Mista Murphy, what now?
Murphy answered, How the hell do I know? She never did that before for no reason. Somethins in that room, Im tellin ya. 
He turned his attention to me. Go kick that door in, Sally. Ill turn her loose.
I held out my hand, and Fool passed me his ax. I traded him my rifle, which he shouldered as he backed off to stand next to Murphy and Fart. He took aim at the door as I bashed the ax head next to the door knob. The door swung open to reveal a little girls room. 
The room was full of princesses and unicorns, and everything was pink as fuck. Fart shot past me and into the room and posted up right in front of the closet door, where she sat and stayed until the rest of us entered. 
Cutty swaggered in and pointed a machete at the closet door, saying, Only place left, yall.
Fart scratched at the door and sniffed underneath in an effort to let us know something was clearly inside, so Murphy said casually, Ill pull the door open, and well just wail on anything thats inside. On three, ready? One, twoooo three!
Wait, wait, wait, please! a female voice cried out as Murphy whipped open the door. I pulled up mid-swing, and the ax stopped short a mere six inches from this chicks forehead. She looked to be about twenty years old or soblonde, blue eyes. Not much to look at, to be honest.
Cutty roughed me out of the way and moved to approach the scene, but the sight of a gigantic, black man in this day and age did exactly what youd expect it to do to a white girl in a rich neighborhood. The girl freaked out and started cryin and shit, begging us not to rape her and saying we could have anything in the house we wanted.
Then I heard this little, tiny voice from somewhere in that clothes-filled closet ask, Whats rape mean?
We all just sort of backed away and gave the girl some space, leaving that question unanswered. We assured her that we werent a threat and coaxed her out of the closet and into the room. She asked us, Are you here to save us then?
Cutty answered her calmly with, Honey, we all need savin. Now, who else you got in that closet witcha?
The girl told us, Lilly. Shes only five years old
She was able to tell us her name was Dana then began blubbering again and spewed forth her story. To be honest, I couldnt make out half the shit she was saying because she was so upset. It was that obnoxious, sniffling and sobbing sort of upset. I was able to piece together that she was the local babysitter, and they were holed up here with the little girls parents, but the food had recently run out. The father of the family saw a deer the other day and ran outside to take a shot at it, but the dead came.
With the biters flooding into the neighborhood, not to mention how many in the other houses they didnt know about, the situation got desperate. The older folks locked the girls in and went for help, but havent been back yet. I dont know. I guess thats what happened, but like I said, it was hard to figure it all out.
I called into the closet for Lilly, and the hanging clothes parted to reveal the adorable form of the young girl. Her hair was a brown, filthy mess, and her eyes matched. She was just cute, hungry, and scared. What else can I say? 
She shuffled out into the room as Fool told Dana, Go downstairs and out to the porch, know what Im sayin? Theres more people outside. Tell em Fool said you was with us now. We gotta move, and we gotta move quick, ladybird, know what Im sayin?
Murphy nodded his agreement and added, Well get these girls safe inside the trailer and then finish up the rest of these houses.
Cutty asked us, What about the parents? We cant just take these two outta here without the parents, right? What if they come back?
Lilly chimed in and asked, Did the monsters get em?
Fool looked down at the little girl and said, No. No, the monsters didnt get em, know what Im sayin? Well find em.
Dana nodded and wiped her face. She told us, We have some things in the other rooms. Ill just grab what we need.
We stalked out of the house and made a beeline for D-Prime with Dana between us.
Lilly? Well, Lilly took a ride on Cuttys shoulders. He hoisted her up with one hand and perched her up there, saying, Aight, lil Miss Sunshine. You hold on to ol Cutty, ya heard?
Straddling his massive neck, she clasped both hands under his chin, squishing his face comically as he jogged his fat ass back to the truck.
The others are finishing up the last of the houses right now. Rebecca sorted out Dana in the sleeper while we fed Lilly and got her down for a nap in the trailer with Kylee.
Its quiet now.


Entry 87

Lilly calls them monsters. I cant think of a more appropriate term. Matter of fact, out of all the horror movies and scary shit Ive watched in my time, I am almost disappointed that not a single writer, director, or producer thought of how scary it would be if dead people got up and started trying to eat everyone alive. Maybe in some alternate universe, if there is such a thing, there are a whole bunch of movies and books and television shows about monsters like these. Maybe we couldve been somewhat mentally prepared for it, but no one in this world has ever seen or heard of anything like this.
I guess if you look at it at face value, it can sound a little dumb. I can hear the pitch now Okay, Mr. Producernutz, heres next summers blockbuster hit. For some unknown reason, the recently deceased begin to return to life!
Then Mr. Producernutz at the desk goes, Return to life? Thats not scary. Gimme more.
So, Johnny McWriterballz says, I got it! They eat anyone who is still alive!
At this point, Mr. Producernutz strokes his chin evilly and says, I think you may be onto something, McWriterballz! But we still need to make it scarier. Whatta ya got?
Then, in a flash of horror show-genius, Johnny McWriterballz exclaims, Anyone that gets bitten by a living dead person actually becomes one of the living dead themselves!
And right about then, Mr. Producernutz tells him, Sounds good, sounds good. Run with that, but dont call them the Living Dead. You sound like an idiot when you do that. Its like jumbo shrimp or civil war Whatta you educated people call that? An oxy-clean? A foxy-maroon?
McWriterballz frowns and says, An oxymoron, sir. But hes all pissed on the inside because he thought it was a clever play on words. 
Yeah, I can understand why there were no movies about that. It sounds stupid as fuck. Yet, here we are, living the most horrifying set of circumstances. 
We used to worry about nukes back in the day. Remember that shit? Duck and cover? 
Yeesh I need some sleep. I just read that back to myself, and I am out of it. 
They are monsters, though. I think even the dumbest monsters in the entire fantasy world of make-believe could be scary as hell if you just put yourself or people you care about in that situation. Its not really the bad guy who is scary, but what they can take from you when they kill someone you love. 
The trouble is, by that logic, even a unicorn can be scary if its mad as hell and stabbing you in the throat with its horn, right?
Food for thought.


Entry 88

I was awakened this morning by daylight streaming in through the cracked door of the trailer and greeted by JC. It was chilly! He had spent the night in the sleeper of the truck, keeping watch on Fool. Though, I think were all pretty much in agreement that if Kylee and Fool were gonna turn, it would have already happened.
The others were still sleeping, and I was thankful for that. We had a minor issue with Lilly as darkness fell last night that could have turned disastrous in a hurry. Dana had been giving us the lay of the land, so to speak, telling us where various landmarks were and telling us where the next community was in an effort to pin down where Lillys parents might have gone for help. I didnt know shit about kids, so when Lilly starting bawling in the trailer for no apparent reason, Dana had to come in and calm her down.
Dana informed us, Shes just scared. Shes been in her house for longer than I can remember, and this is the first night she has to sleep somewhere new. And she has to do it with a bunch of strangers. Of course shes upset!
Okay. I guess that made sense. That little bunch of strangers bit pissed me right off, though. 
Luckily, I wasnt the only one that felt the sting of that comment, because JC snapped at her, Im sorry. What was your name again? Dana? Well, Dana, youre welcome to march your little ass right outta here anytime you want. Im sure its nice and quiet back in that big, empty houseexcept for the moaning of the dead, of course.
She scowled at him miserably and huffed under her breath, Asshole
Still slightly upset and looking adorably pitiful, Lilly announced to no one in particular, I miss Mommy.
That was when Cutty broke up the party by kneeling beside her and telling her, We gon find em, baby girl. We jus gotta get some sleep fo we set out. Think we could have us a slumba party in this here traila?
Even kneeling, Cutty was taller than Lilly, and she looked up at him to say, You mean a sleepover! Yaaay! A sleepover!
Ten minutes later, Cutty was braiding her hair as they sat quietly in the light of our shitty, car-battery lamps. I swear, Junior would have had a field day with Cutty for this one. I can hear him now. Now, dont you go puttin corn rows in that little girls hair, ya hear?
Heh. Junior. 
But imagine if that hadnt gone over quite so well. We really need to get this kid as far away from us as possible. If she goes into another one of those screaming fits when theres more stinks around, were dead meat. 
So, Dana had a hunch that Lillys parents had set out for another richy-ass neighborhood about a mile over. It was a good thing she was with us, too, because we never would have seen the place, even if we were looking for it. The houses were tightly surrounded by thick woods, and it appeared that, due to its orientation, the sun shone on the front lawns the better part of everyday. The trees hadnt been pruned, and the lawns were as unkempt as in Lillys neighborhood, but the grass here was nearly as tall as me. This whole area was clearly built by the same company, as evidenced by the cookie-cutter house design and the similar cul-de-sac layout.
It appeared quiet and desolate. 
We bailed out of the vehicles, minus Kylee and Lilly, at the entrance to the community and stood as a group, surveying the situation.
Fool said, Looks like a jungle with a street in the middle, know what Im sayin?
Murphy opened up the trailer containing Kylee and Lilly and motioned for Fart to jump up and get inside. She followed his order and, with a three-step, jogging start, leapt right into that bitch like she owned it. Stay, girl, he said coolly.
He then asked JC, Mind stayin here with them just in case?
JC frowned at the idea, but answered with, I guess so, but Id be better acting as cover if you guys have trouble.
Rebecca volunteered, saying, Ill stay with them. 
There were no objections until Dana suggested, Why dont we all go? Theres a turnaround at the bottom. We can just drive in and check it out first.
Minutes later, we were fucked. And when I say fucked, I dont mean we ran into a problem. 
JC drove the jeep in front of D-Prime with Murphy and Fool riding shotgun, leaving me in the cab of the truck with Cutty and Rebecca. We opted to lock Dana in the trailer with Lilly, Fart, and Kylee just to keep them all out of harms way or so we thought.
We passed by the houses as we approached the turnaround, but the grass lawns had our vision pretty obscured. Some of the homes were boarded up, and those that werent had their windows broken on the ground floors and the doors wide open. I couldnt really tell if it was the result of looters or the dead. 
JC spun the jeep around easily at the bottom of the street, but as Cutty approached the turn, he spouted, Aw shit, Dext! I caint make this turn, man! Aint enough room in dis bitch. 
Couldnt really blame Dana, though. There was really no way for her to know that the truck wouldnt be able to make the turn. 
JC pulled up beside us and looked up at Cutty through the window. Cutty made a swirling motion with his hand while shaking his head no and then pointed his thumb back to indicate we were gonna have to back all the way out of the neighborhood. 
He threw D-Prime in reverse, and it happened. The backup alarm began spouting beep, beep, beep, beep! Can you believe that shit? A fucking safety feature was about to get us killed.
The grasses parted as the dead spilled into the street from every direction. They poured from the open doors of the houses in little packs of six or eight, and they emerged from the wooded areas behind the huge houses. The alarm just continued to scream beep, beep, beep, beep!
Rebecca shouted, Turn it off, Uncle Curtis. Turn it off!
But Cutty panicked a little bit and told us, I caint! We gotta get outta here!
JC and the others in the jeep stepped out smooth as motherfuckers and just started popping heads like it was business as usual. They waved us backwards in an effort to tell Cutty to get the fuck outta there.
Cutty was flustered, though. He turned to me and said, Dext, I caint do this, man. It would take me ten minutes or more to get dis thing outta here on my best day without dese geeks erywhere! 
They just kept coming. The others would be overwhelmed in minutes if we didnt make a move quickly. I could hear Fart barking loudly through the walls of the trailer. I told them both, We gotta get out. We hop out and get Murphy to back it out. Its either that, or we leave the truck. Come back later, and hope the armor holds up.
Rebecca looked me straight in the face as the dead shuffled closer with every passing moment and said, Fuck that. Get out.
Cutty didnt even have time to correct her language.
We bailed out, screaming to Murphy to get in and start backing it up. He moved quickly for his age. Ill give him that. With the reverse alarm still screaming and JC popping off shots with Fool, he spun the wheel a bit and began to slowly back out. The truck bucked and hopped when the biters finally made it to the trailer as Murphy unceremoniously began running them overslowly. 
Heads popped and squirted juice and funk all over the street, while in other cases the huge tires split some in half. I could hear the squeaking of the suspension mixed with wet plops and cracking bonesfuckin grossbut I had other shit to deal with.
Lets not forget, I was bare as a strippers titties, standing in the middle of the street with the rest of the crew, taking potshots at the horde. Fool called out over the gunfire, Just get in the fawckin jeep! Murphs got this covered!
No sooner had the words left his mouth when a geek fell clumsily into JC in an effort to bite his shoulder. JC was in the middle of a trigger pull, and as he spun around from the impact, the bullets ran a line right down the side if the trailer with a sickening bap, bap, bap, bap. My stomach dropped as I heard the screams from within. 
Lillys shriek will haunt me forever.
It was useless to stand there and try to hold them off. Fool was right. I kicked the biter off of JC before it could get at him and helped him to his feet as Cutty put a machete across the back of its neck, spraying Rebecca with coal-black blood. We just piled in the jeep and hauled ass past Murphy in the truck and out of the community. 
JC was a wreck. He was shaking and kept saying, Oh Jesus, oh God. I killed the kid I killed the kid. Oh Jesus, man!
Fool told him to chill the fuck out until we could regroup, because we didnt know anything about inside the trailer right then. I was personally worried about everyone. Fart, Kylee, Dana Any one of them could be dead or injured. My mind raced. What if one of them was killed and turns and takes out the others? Fuck, fuck, fuck. This is badreal bad.
We sped a little further down the road as Murphy emerged behind us in the lumbering truck. After we had some distance between us and the neighborhood, we pulled over and bailed out, expecting the worst.
Murphy hopped out of the cab as all of us ran past him to open the trailer. When Cutty whipped open the doors, we squinted to see into the slightly darker interior. They were fineall fine, shaken and scared shitless, huddled in the corner, with Kylee sitting numbly. Dana held Lilly with her hands over her little ears. Fart stood guard, ready to pounce and kill anything that came near them.
With all of them crying fearful tears, Dana shakily asked, Is it over?
Cutty nodded. Yeah. Its ova now.
Dana released Lillys ears, but the little girl clung to her still. She stood up and carried Lilly to us, passing her to Cutty. He held her for a minute, and she buried her face into his shoulder and sobbed, I wanna go home. I want Mommy and Daddy.
Cutty just wrapped her up as safely as he could while Fart and Dana hopped down onto the street. They moved away and left me alone for a moment, so I sat on the back of the trailer with my feet dangling off the edge, trying to catch my breath. Looking out from the back of the trailer, all I saw was roadmiles and miles of road.
Smack!
My teeth clicked. My teeth clicked? 
My fucking teeth clicked!
I spun around to see Kylee standing over me in the trailer with her hand on her hip and her lips pursed.
I aint dead yet, asshole, she quipped smartly.
I couldnt believe my eyes. It was the best sight Id seen in weeks. I didnt know what to say. I just stared at her, and she stared right back at me with her good eyeexcept this time, she was attentive and sharp.
Well? You gonna say somethin or what? she asked me.
I blurted out, Hope you enjoyed your fucking break. You all right?
She smirked at me as if to say she was feeling much better and said, Wheres my gun?
I pointed around the side to the others as she hopped down from the trailer. She turned to face me and put her hand on my leg. She started to say something, but I didnt need to hear it. Just to see her with us again was all I needed. I waved her off politely. 
Save it.
She nodded and went to see the others.
Im not sure what to tell Lilly. We cant keep looking like this, but what if they did make it back? If her parents came back successfully to find their little girl missing, not knowing if she was dead or with some psycho-raider-Haven-asshole-rapist shithead Thats their baby! But if they are dead, wed be saving her life.
I need Cutty to keep his faith, because I refuse to believe there is a God who would leave us with a decision like this.


Entry 89

We heard a shot this afternoon off in the distance, back towards where we picked up Lilly and Dana. I cant tell you how stoked we were about that. In an instant, we had hope again.
The discussion was going to hell quickly anyway, and we were divided into two completely different schools of thought. On one side: Kylee, Fool, and Cutty argued for sticking around and looking a bit longer for Lillys parents. On the other: JC, Murphy, Rebecca, and myself argued for just gettin the hell outta dodge because Lillys parents were likely dead. Needless to say, we did our best to keep it quiet with regards to Dana and Lilly. 
We failed.
Dana came storming from the trailer to where we were huddled up on the roadside and said, She can hear you, ya know? Theres holes all over the trailer, and she is listening to you people talk about her parents being dead!
Cutty tried to calm her down, saying, Eeeeasy, now. We aint mean no disrespect, but we gotta think this through.
Rebecca added, Right. And, regardless of how old she is, she has no choice but to learn about what death is right now. Have you looked around lately, Dana?
Dana seethed and snapped at us, Thats not for you to teach her, and surely not like this. You are being completely insensitive! She is only five years old! I dont care what you think she needs to know. Its not. Your. Place.
Murphy spat on the ground, disgusted. Shes right, ya know.
He nodded at Dana and continued. Girl that age dont need to hear shit like this, even if it is a hot mess everywhere around her. Accept our apology for that, Dana.
Dana replied to all of us, Screw your apology. You need to apologize to her. You should be ashamed of yourselves.
She stormed off angrily into the trailer to tend to Lilly again. 
Kylee asked us all, Are we really willing to kidnap this child? Whatever we do from here on out depends on the answer to that question. If those people go back to that house and shes gone, thats what we arekidnappers, plain and simple.
JC answered, I am. If we keep searching around blindly for two people we dont even know, in an area we dont even know, for a little girl we dont even know were going to be dead. Id rather be a kidnapper than a dead guy.
I told them I didnt want to search anymore. After the shit back there in that death trap of a neighborhood, I was over it. I suggested we go back to the house where we found them and leave a note. I mean, if they did come back alive, they would at least know that their little girl was safe and that we werent bad people. We could even tell them about Kilo and where we were headed. Maybe they could catch up with us, and we could reunite them.
The others halfheartedly agreed. I could tell they werent happy about giving up, but I felt like they understood. The note idea was the lesser of two evils. Wed let Dana explain it to Lilly. 
That was right about when we heard the shot. A single shot from somewhere towards Lillys place echoed through the sky and left us all looking at one another like, Did you hear that shit?
We mounted up as fast as we could and pushed the engines hard as we raced the mile or so back to Lillys place. We left D-Prime at the entrance again, and I jumped in the jeep with Kylee, Fool, and JC. The others stayed back.
No sooner had we entered the house, we were met with the foul stench of the dead. I pointed to the three bodies that rotted in the family room, figuring they were the source, but we kept our guard up as we climbed the steps. As we reached the top, we were confronted by not only the smell of rot, but also of gunpowder, strong and pungent.
Kylee pointed her pistol down the hallway to cover the parents bedroom as Fool and I made entry on Lillys room. 
Boom! 
I heard the hiss of the round as it whizzed past my head and lodged into the doorframe beside me, spraying the back of my neck with shards of splintered wood. While I was flinching and recovering from the shock, Fool took two quick shots.
Kylee rushed into the room from the hallway to lend a hand, asking, What the hells going on?
Fool stood over the bodies of two biters, a male and a female. The female was in worse shape with hand-sized holes in her midsection where the dead had no doubt torn at her guts, gorging themselves until she turned. The male, bitten on his throat, arm, and face, still clutched a revolver in his right hand. It didnt take a lot to figure out that it was this walking corpse squeezing his trigger reflexively. We hadnt heard any survivors. 
Ironically enough, Lillys parents did make it home after all. 
Kylee told us, We should have Dana identify them.
Fool nodded and ran out to fetch her as Kylee began pulling some of the splinters from my neck.
Youre fine, but I want you to get Murphy to patch this up when were through here, she told me.
I reached up to stop her from picking at me because it hurt a bit and pulled her hand away. Im pretty sure I held onto it for a little too long, and she nervously snatched it back as Fool re-entered with Dana.
Dana clasped her hands over her own mouth to stifle a scream and clenched her eyes shut at the sight of them. She shook her head yes, and Kylee walked her back to the truck to calm her down. 
Now the real challengeexplain this shit to a kid. 
As Fool and I left the room, I grabbed a little, stuffed dinosaur that was on Lillys bed. I told Fool to gather some other things for her to play with, but to make sure there wasnt blood on any of it. He grabbed some crayons, a book or two, and an assortment of Barbies. It was the only way I could think of to ease the blow for the kid. Besides, the trailer bores the hell outta me, and Im a grownup sort of.

* * * 

Kids never cease to amaze me. I had expected more tears or a tantrum of some sort. We all were trying to find supportive ways to tell her about her parents, and Dana was still a train wreck, so it was up to us to make sense of it for Lilly. Before approaching Lilly, we filled the others in.
As I stammered and floundered around, Cutty stepped in and knelt beside her. He put his hand on her shoulder and told her, Memba when I said we was gon find yo mom and dad, Lilly?
She nodded, clutching the dinosaur I had passed off to her. Her little, freckled face was somber as she listened to Cutty.
Cutty continued, Well, we found em, baby girl. We found em but, see, they wasnt the same as before.
Lilly sniffed and, nodding her understanding, shocked us all by saying, They were monsters, huh, Mister Cutty?
Cutty nodded solemnly and said, Yeah, baby girl. They was. They asleep now, and they aint gonna be like dat no mo.
Lilly asked, Are they going to sleep for a long time?
Cutty told her, They dont wake up no mo, baby girl. They gon sleep nice and peaceful foeva and eva now. But you know what?
Lilly looked up at him hopefully and asked, What?
Cutty continued, They spirits in heaven now, and they gon be watchin ova all of us. 
Lilly gave it some thought and said, So, theyre okay, but I just cant see them anymore?
Cutty nodded and said, Fraid so, baby girl.
Kylee added, So, you and Dana are gonna be staying with us now. Is that all right?
With a sad little face, she thought about it for a moment and answered with, I need my blanket.
Dana told us, Its in her closet. She had it when you found us.
Without a word, JC sprinted off and returned in moments with a little pink and purple-striped blanket. He passed it to Lilly, and she immediately wrapped her dinosaur up in it like a baby. She laid it down on one of the bedrolls in the trailer and asked us all, Can we go now? Im hungry.
Were gonna eat while we move. Weve lost nearly two days because of this, and that puts Kilo nearly out of reach. If we get held up with anything else, we may as well kiss that plan good-bye. 


Entry 90

I needed to know. It was beginning to devour me on the inside just as much as the dead wanted to devour me on the outside, so I took the first opportunity that presented itself.
We were sitting in the cab of D-Prime, just chatting idly, while Fool was takin a leak. Murphy was on the buddy system with him since they were in the jeep and the others were in the trailer. Kylee absolutely refuses to drive D-Prime since the accident when we lost Bizzy and Tom, leaving Cutty and Murphy to switch off as needed.
I just sort of blurted out, What were you thinking about that whole time?
She frowned at the question and told me, Everything. I havent had time to think since this entire thing started. I lost Don, and nearly a week after his funeral, I was up on a roof shooting dead people, Dext. We lost the rescue station; we lost Hope, the Haven
She got tears in her eyes and looked away from me.
I tried to lighten the mood with, Did you hear that I beat the shit outta JC?
She chuckled through her crying and said, I was sick and lying there, wondering if I was going to turn. But I smiled. You never saw it. I was proud of you that day.
I gave her a grin and puffed my chest out a bit. I told her, I shoulda flexed on him like Cutty.
She smiled and called me an idiot, but her smile faded, and she said to me, Wyatt.
That nameWyatt. It brings everything to a crashing halt. The entire mood of any room shifts when Wyatts name is uttered. An instant, insurmountable moment of silence comes behind that name. Cutty mentioned him the other day and even Dana, having never known him, was unable to speak in the moments that followed.
I thought about Wyatt a lot and the baby. If I had known I could have had a baby, I wouldve been more careful, Dext, and thats what really hurts. I just didnt know. I thought about what Don and I couldve had. It was like a dreama good dream, actually. I didnt want to wake up to this nightmare again because in my mind, I was happy.
That made sense to me, I guess. I wouldnt want to come back to this world either. This begged the question, Why did you come back, then?
She answered me with, Sitting in the back of that trailer, listening to you guys fighting for us outside, made me realize what I had here. We still have a chance to make something of this. Fuck Kilo and chasing them around and all that shit, Dext. Im talking about this group, our group. We can still make this happen. And I was no good to you in la-la land. I came back because Wyatt gave me a chance.
I nodded to her, and we sat in silence for a few more moments, but it was short-lived.
Boom!
The all too familiar sound of a gunshot rang out from somewhere behind us, followed by the screams of Dana and Rebecca. Somewhere in that mess of noise, Kylee and I heard Lilly cry out.
We bailed out of the truck fast as hell and ran to the rear, throwing open the doors. A smoking gun was at Lillys feet as Dana checked her over to make sure she was all right.
Cutty, having been clearly roused from a nap, rushed to Dana and Lilly and asked, Wha happened, yall. She okay? Baby girl, you okay? 
Dana sighed, greatly relieved, and said, Yeah. She looks fine.
Turning her attention to Lilly, Dana hugged her and then asked her firmly, What were you doing, Lilly?
She just sniffled and didnt reply until Dana snapped, Answer me, miss!
Lilly told her, Practicing to kill monsters. I didnt know it was going to be so loud.
Kylee hopped into the trailer and asked Dana, Can I try?
Dana backed up, but not too much as the sunshine beamed through the newest hole in the side of the trailer.
Kneeling to make eye contact with Lilly, Kylee told her, Sweetheart, guns are very dangerous, and you could have been hurt very badly. I dont you want even touching one of them until youre a big girl and I can teach you how to use one properly and safely.
Lilly stomped her feet and snapped, I am a big girl! Dana says Im a big girl all the time, and I go potty by myself and everything!
Dana took the reins and told Lilly, You do not touch any guns until I say youre allowed. Are we clear?
Lilly frowned, displeased, and offered a shy, Yes, Dana.
From the relative darkness in the front of the trailer, JCs voice could be heard chiming in, She is going to have to learn. You know that, right, Dana? Matter of fact, I think its better she learns about them sooner rather than later. Curiosity is only going to make it worse. We can teach her. Hell, Fools a pro. He straightened Dext right out.
Dana waved him off and said, Well talk about this later when shes not right in front of us.
Right about then, Murphy came running to us from the wooded area with Fart right on his heels. He was a bloody mess, so I slammed the door to make sure Lilly wouldnt see him.
Panting and upset, he asked me, What the fuck happened, Sally?
I told him the short version, that Lilly was caught playing with a gun and it went off. I told him she was fine and then asked him the same question, What the fuck happened to you?
That was when he told me Fool was dead. Christ, Sally. It came outta nowhere. The kid was takin a piss, and I was watchin his back for him like we do every day. He never felt a thing, though.
Obviously the news was shocking enough on its own, but my first thought was, How do you not feel a thing?
Murphy went on and answered that for me, saying, The bullet went right through the back of his neck at his spinesevered his brain stem instantly. Poor kid landed facedown in his own piss.
That moment that sinking moment when your stomach drops into your shoesyeah, that was the moment when I found out that a five-year-old girl just accidentally shot and killed Fool.
We agreed to never speak of the manner in which Fool died in the presence of Lilly. We simply told Lilly that Mr. Fool decided to go and find his own way without us. Luckily, she didnt have much time to get attached, and it was shrugged off as she colored in her book.
We didnt have the proper military gear on hand, but we made the best of what we had. After burying him, we stuck his rifle in the soft dirt. Then, we sat his boots with it and topped it with a civilian baseball cap, an old New York Yankees hat. Kylee hung his dog tags at the end of our makeshift memorial.
Rest in peace, Giacomo Fulci. You got off easy.


Entry 91

Another signanother plywood marker from Kilo: NO MORE TRAINS. GO SOUTHWEST TO ALBUQUERQUE!!!
Kansas is flat as fuck, by the way. Its like you can see for miles and miles with no end but the horizon. At some point in the very recent past, I would assume there was corn or some shit to block the view, but not anymore. Its just a dustbowl, desolate and depressing. 
Gettin colder everyday as well. I hate being cold. Dont get me wrong, though. Winter is still well off. Still, we dont have the fuel or the battery power to run heaters, so when winter does come, well have to make a pretty serious lifestyle changeif we make it that far, that is.
Tensions are increasing with JC again, and his latest stunt really didnt help us any. The guy just doesnt think. If he does think, its certainly not the way most of us do. I guess hes pissed off about Fool and Lilly. I know that he liked Fool a lot, and I cant discount how many times they saved our asses, even if the two of them sometimes put us in danger. The former far outweighed the latter, no doubt. They were a good team. 
I want to give him the benefit of the doubt, because it seems like JC lost the first friend hes had in a while maybe ever, hehe. I dont really know what to say about it. 
Im glad I wasnt the one who got shot? Sounds fucked up, right? But its true. Ive seen so much death now that I find myself thinking, Better you than me, pal! Sorry about your luck. 
Its not always like that. Obviously, some of the others hurt me a lot, but even still, I think, At least Im still pluggin along. At least Im not dead yet. 
Theres a fine line Im talkin about here. Lets say Lilly accidentally shot and killed herself and not Fool. I know for a fact I wouldnt feel the better her than me mentality. I would be seriously fucked up over it. 
Heres something I havent told anyone since the accident. Lilly had my gun. No one bothered to ask whose it was or whatever, but that shits on my mind. After Murphy teased me about having two guns, I stashed the spare under the bedroll. I never thought for once that Lilly would find it, much less play with it. Frankly, what are we supposed to do? Unload our guns and start putting trigger locks and safeties on all the time? This is a fucking war zone we live in. But still, my gun killed Fool and could have just as easily ended that little girls life. So, were left with some questions
Do we train her to deal with this new world? Protect her from seeing the true horrors of this new world? A combination of both?
Haha fuck you! Id bet my last bullet that youre thinkin something like, Clearly a combination of the two.
Easy to say, harder to do, because as soon as you agree on a combination theory, then you have to start making little micro-decisions for each and every situation. That becomes impossible when the shit hits the fan, friend. I promise you that.
Take today for example:
The fucktards are spread out pretty good here in the Midwest as far as we can tell. Thats one definite positive of all this open space. You can likely see a group of them coming for miles. Of course, the living can see you coming for miles, too. Lets hope that doesnt bite us in the ass; no pun intended.
We stopped at this sign from Kilo to stretch and check Murphys map. He found a really nice one in the glove box of D-Prime a while back, and weve been glued to it ever since. Cutty and Rebecca chatted idly while Murphy and I planned our route based on the newest info. Lilly was happy to be out of the trailer and played on the side of the road near this parched field as Dana took a much-needed nap. 
Dana busts her ass keeping Lilly sorted out. Its really becoming obvious that Dana is everything Lilly has right now, and for a young woman, Dana does very well with her. I mean, Dana still gets on everyones nerves with her bitching and moaning about everything, but credit where credit is due, right?
But JC, that crazy fucker He tells us hes gonna take Lilly for a short walk and asks to borrow Murphys bow and quiver in case theres trouble. Naturally, Murphy obliged, and we told them not to go too far. Its actually nice to have the space and relative safety of visibility. It feels a little more free. We wanted Lilly to enjoy that for as long as we had it.
Enter Dana, a short ten minutes later, in a complete state of panic, frantically asking us, Lilly? Oh my God, wheres Lilly? I was only asleep for a little while, right? You guys have Lilly?
Murphy told her, Shes good. You needed the rest. Shes with JC over yonder.
In typical Dana fashion, she snapped, JC? You have got to be kidding me! Shes with that psychopath?
Now, I wanted to inform her that at this point we were all pretty psychopathic to a degree, but to be honest with you, I didnt feel like hearing her fuckin mouth anymore. Her little richy-ass, cheerleader-ish tone eats away at my soul. So, I let it go.
Next thing I know, I heard Dana shout, Get away from her! You get away from her right now!
Everyone dropped what they were doing and ran a little further into the field to find her confronting JC and snatching Lilly away from him. Cutty stomped his foot and said, Aw cmon, JC. You serious wit dis shit, man?
Rebecca stifled a gag as Kylee pushed her way past to get a look. She scowled at him and moved to block Lillys line of sight. Murphy did the same as he relieved JC of the bow and quiver.
JC held out his arms innocently and asked, What? What I do? I was just showing her how it works.
Dana pushed Lilly gently in the direction of the road and whispered over her shoulder at JC, You fucking asshole!
I looked down to see a single, sun-baked biter laid out in the dry field. Its skin was almost leathery, and its lips and eyelids had all but dried and flaked away. Yet, it still hissed at us, gnashing its rotting teeth. JC had crucified it, sprawled out on the ground with Murphys arrows jabbed through its withering hands and feet. He had clearly been poking at it in various and previously vital spots, as evidenced by holes over its heart and midsection. They now oozed and festered in the midday sun.
JC defended himself, saying, I was just showing her how they dont feel pain, and then I was going to show her how to take one out for good. She needs to know this stuff!
Cutty stared at the biter, disgusted at the site, and shot back, JC, man look at this shit, homie. She five years old. Ida had nightmares fo da rest o my life if Ida seen dis shit at dat age.
JC shook his head and said, Thats what youre missin, Cutty. Shes already seen this over and overjust not up close enough to understand. We can take away her fear if we can replace it with understanding. She wasnt even that scared, anyway. She was listening quietly until Polly Prissy Pants came over here makin a fuckin scene.
Rebecca sarcastically added, You mean, this scene? She gestured to the crucifixion. Yeah, Danas fault, Im sure.
JC knew he was outnumbered. He threw his hands up and stalked off, saying, Dont say I didnt try and help.
We circled the weakly struggling corpse and just stared for a moment. I didnt really know what the others were thinkin, but I just felt sorry for it. It was feeble. It was trappeda lot like us, in that sense just struggling to keep doing whatever the force inside it pushed it to do. The will to keep going was still strong, regardless of the futility of its situation, just like us.
We left it to rot. 


Entry 92

I thought taking care of a baby in this environment would be nearly impossiblethe craziness of night-time feedings or changing shitty diapers (or old rags, in our case) or the crying It just sounded insane.
Let me tell you something. That shit would be a blessing compared to keeping a five-year-old occupied. Lilly has been bouncing off the fucking walls all day long, and Im about out of patience.
Remember the whole Are we there yet? shit from when you were a kid? Yeah, well, for us theres no end in sight, but Ill be damned if she doesnt constantly ask us. Shes ridden in the cab a few times to get her out of the trailer a bit, and weve even pawned her off on Kylee and Cutty in the jeep more than a few times. Mostly, weve been trading off during the piss breaks, which happen every ten minutes it seems. I swear the little girl doesnt even drink as much water as she pisses out. 
Matter of fact, in a stroke of genius, Murphy just decided to cut a hole in the floor at the rear of the trailer so we didnt have to stop for as many breaks. He even rigged a hanging blanket for some privacy. Cutty still has to shit outside, though. That decision was unanimous.
Oh! And remember I Spy? The game where you spot something and the others have to figure out what it is. Guess what? There isnt a single fucking thing worth spying in Kansas, so that game sucks; although, it was pretty fun to throw rocks at the dumbshits on the side of the road. We loaded up on a break and let Lilly throw them out the window as we passeduntil Dana told us to knock it off, that is.
On the other hand, during the seventeenth piss break before lunch today, we did the Hokey Pokey. That shit was pretty funny. Rebecca clearly has more rhythm in her pinky finger than all of us combined. And Cutty Well for a black dude, Cutty cant dance for shit! 
But we all laughed.
Thats one thing about Lilly that we didnt remember to do when she wasnt with us. We have to play. We have to have some fun and enjoy the life that we havemore now than ever, in fact, because it can be snuffed out in an instant. What good is living a life without laughter? 
I guess Im learning that the cool thing about a kid like Lilly is that she can drive you bonkers, but even as you think back about it, you giggle. Shes just so precious, pure, and innocent in a world full of the opposite. This world is ugly and tainted, and the people still left in it are just as disgusting, myself included.
I want us to be able to let her keep that for as long as possible. JC clearly disagrees, but I think Dana gets it. Lilly shouldnt have to grow up so fast. She shouldnt have to sacrifice her childhood. Im constantly reminded of that after Wyatts letter to Hope. He missed playing. He missed being a kid.
The flip side of the coin is that if she doesnt lose enough of it, she will get taken advantage of or far worse. That scares the shit out of me. Mom always told me that kids dont come with a manual. Wouldnt matter if they did anyway. With my luck, Id get the manual and it would be in German, Spanish, and Japanese The English section would be missing, and Id be screwed anyway. 


Entry 93

This mornings air is thick with the smell of decay. 
I woke up with Kylee in the sleeper of D-Prime, which sits behind a curtain that separates it from the actual drivers portion of the cab. I didnt sleep well at all, despite being exhausted, because the sleeper is a cramped space for two people and Kylees hair kept getting in my mouth. Normally, I wouldnt complain, but we havent showered properly for nearly two weeks. Its actually kind of interesting how the smell of body odor, while at one time was completely offensive, sort of fades into the background nowadays. No, it was more of an issue that her hair was greasy, stringy, and smelled like soil. 
That wasnt the smell that hit me in the face as the morning sun crept into the sleeper under the curtain. It wasnt us. It was the dead.
Figuring it was just the wind carrying it our way, I stretched as I stood and slid out from the curtain into D-Primes cockpit, no differently than any other morning when its my turn to sleep in the cab. The others were no doubt sleeping much more comfortably in the relative darkness of the trailer. Im sure I yawned and scratched at myself unceremoniously, as is customary in the early morning, but I dont really have an actual memory of it. What I do remember, however, was rubbing my eyes and squinting as they adjusted to the bright light of the sunshine. 
I fell backwards through the curtain at the sight of it, once more landing on Kylee with a thud, and then clapping my hand over her mouth before she could let out a startled sound as she snapped awake. I held her body down firmly and raised a finger to my lips to let her know that now was not the time to make a sound. She nodded her understanding, and I let her go, pointing to the windshield that was now clearly visible given that I had torn the curtain down on my way through it.
We both peeked out and just watched, jaws agape, as hundreds upon hundreds of the dead herded by us, slowly and methodically. We were right in the middle of the largest herd Id seen up until today. It was probably even over a thousand of them. They moved like a plague of locusts, devouring any life in their path and leaving behind trampled earth and rotting remains. 
You could see it as they drug themselves by us, bumping into the truck as they went. Many held human remains in their hands, chewing as they moved, while others carried pieces of animal carcasses, both domestic and otherwise. Im pretty sure one of them was holding the rear half of a housecat, the whitish-pink entrails hanging from it and dragging along the pavement of the road.
They came from all walks of life (interesting phrase, right?).
But they really did. There was no real pattern to them or anything. There were some in hospital gowns, others in street clothes. Some wore their bathrobes or were naked altogether. Hell, I even saw one that was clearly male wearing womens clothing and shuffling in broken high heels.
I whispered, What if the others wake up? They cant see anything outside. If they start making noise, were going to die here.
Even if Fart let them know that we had company, no one could imagine the shit we were in. I made a mental note of sorting out some way to communicate with those inside the trailer if we made it out of this alive as she whispered back, Probably.
It was pretty much the dumbest thing she could say, and it offered absolutely nothing by way of a solution, but at least she said something.
She looked at me, clearly disappointed, but shook it off and pointed to her right, whispering harshly, Look. There.
I followed her pointing with my eyes and spotted the marines scattered throughout that area of the herd. They were chewed up badly, many missing entire limbs, and beginning to show the effects of exposure. I let the word Kilo slip from my lips. 
Kylee nodded and mused, I wonder if theyre following the herd or if theyre still chasing after their brothers just like we are.
I didnt have an answer. I could give a shit less what they were doing as long as they were doing it without pieces of me between their teeth, but then shit got weird.
Kylees breathing got a little bit heavier, and she started fidgeting. Like, her hands would ball in a fist and then relax and the ball up again.
We watched the bernies. They were so slow when they werent all riled up. Minutes passed but it felt like hours, and I continued to glance at Kylee. Her intensity was increasing, and her eyes were squinting, maybe even with tears but it was rage, not sadness.
She whispered to no one in particular, They took my baby.
I whispered back at her in a consoling tone, I know. Im sorry that happened to you.
But she just shook her head and repeated, They. Took. My. Baby.
By now, she was starting to make me nervousWell, more nervous. She was starting to look a little psychonot her usual, in control psycho either. This was different. She turned and looked me directly in the eyes. Even her dead eye stared into my own, glassy and nearly scarred shut. Im going to kill themall of them.
Under normal circumstances, I wouldve taken a page from Cuttys book and told her somethin like, Bitch, stop playin. I wouldve teased her for even suggesting something so stupid. I mean, thats the type of shit she would smack me across the back of the head for.
But this was a totally different thing. It was in the body language. She had the look of someone who already made a decision and wasnt willing to discuss it furtherlike that precise moment when an argument becomes a fistfight or like when you realize youre going to poop and no one is gonna be able to stop it from happening. Shit just got real.
I took one more glance outside at the herd and whispered harshly at her, No! What about the others?
She was already tucking pistols in her waist and readying one of our rifles when she replied, You stay here. Theyll be safe in the back. If today is my day to die, so be it. But Im killing as many as I can on the way out.
She racked the charging handle on the rifle, and it click-clacked loudly. She stood there looking at me with her hand on her hip as if she would walk right through me to get out. And I know she would have.
Flinching slightly at the noise, I shot a look over my shoulder and noticed that nearly the entire herd had stopped in its tracks when she racked that rifle. Like a crowd-wave at a stadium event, the dead began to stop and stand still in an undulating ripple from D-Prime and extending outward. Staring almost attentively, as if listening for the source of the noise, they played off of one another in a nearly hive-mind state and sniffed the air. Some moved only their heads to pick up the surrounding sounds in an effort to weed out the possible warm flesh in the vicinity. 
I did the only thing that popped in my head at that moment. I swung with everything I had and caught her right on the button. 
Yes. I hit a woman. I knocked Kylee right the fuck out, on the spot. I grabbed her as she lost her footing and laid her back down on the cushion of the sleeper.
Now, here I sit waiting for the herd to passworrying worrying about the others waking up while the dead are still passing and worrying more about what Kylee is gonna do to me when she comes to.
Either way, my afternoon just got shittier than my morning if you can believe it.


Entry 94

The herd took nearly two hours to move far enough away for me to jump out and inform the others of what we saw. I got the feeling they thought I was exaggerating, because they all just sort of shook it off and readied themselves for the rest of the days traveling. 	
It was JC who finally pulled me aside and asked, How bad was it, really?
I just told him that we were lucky. 
Seeing me speechless seemed to have more effect than an actual description, so he let it pass. He changed the subject, asking, Whats her problem? and gesturing to Kylee.
She was glaring at me. If looks could kill, I would have died, turned, and died again. 
I pulled him away from the crowd a bit and told him about how she lost her composure. I told him the whole story. 
He sucked his teeth thoughtfully for a minute and then, with a smart-ass grin, he slapped me on the shoulder. You got a mean left hook. I know that from experience, ya fucker and I let that shit slide between you and me because I know you been through some fucked-up shit. Hell, I dare say I respect you for it.
I nodded my thanks to him for saying that. 
Finishing the thought, he told me, Kylee, on the other hand, is gonna fuck you up for that.
He walked away, chuckling to himself, and my stomach felt sick at the prospect of getting in the jeep with her.
I couldnt stall any longer. Kylee was leaning against the jeep, brooding as I approached slowly. It felt like the old days when you had a fight scheduled for after school and you werent sure if you could win it or not. 
She stood up as I got close, but said nothing. 
As I stammered to start my apology and an explanation, she snapped, Shut up.
I was like, But, but, but
She repeated, Just shut up.
I shrugged and stared at the ground, preparing myself to get both physically and verbally blasted, but she softened a bit, saying, I know. And thank you.
A cautious relief washed over me as I looked up from the ground.
She went on to say, Im sorry, too. I lost my head for a second. I dont even know what I thought I was gonna do. We didnt even have enough ammo for half of them. I know.
She hugged me. 
As she let go and stepped back, I told her I didnt know what else to do at the time. 
I glanced over my shoulder and, catching JCs attention, made a face like, All right, that worked out perfectly. 
He returned the look with a silent nod of impressed approval.
I turned back to Kylee, and she slowly toyed with my shirt, glancing up at me demurely. 
I was thinking, Holy Shit! This is happening. Shes totally going to kiss me right now.
As she smiled a sexy smile and leaned in slightly, I was ready, man. Go time! I closed my eyes and leaned in, too.
Crack!
Kylee kneed me so hard in the fucking nut sack that I dropped to both knees like a rag doll with tears in my eyes and a searing pain in my abdomen. Gasping for breath, I reached out a hand to surrender as the other clutched my balls.
She looked down at me, grinning, and said, That makes us about even Then, she spun on her heels to get in the jeep.
I drug myself up using the jeep for support and made my way to the passenger seat, cradling my aching coin purse with JCs laughter echoing from behind me.
Way to go, Romeo! he taunted as Cutty fired up D-Prime.
There was a town on the map about four miles ahead, and it was shopping day.
I hate shopping day.


Entry 95

Spearville, Kansas: City of Windmills. Population 813. 
Not anymore. 
Population zero.
AREA EVACUATED! United States Marine Corps headed southwest on 54!
Kylee spat on the sign. The fucking paint is still tacky.
Cutty shook his head and told her, Dis shit gettin old, man. We always right behind dey asses.
Dana made her way to us with Lilly, who rubbed her eyes and asked, Wheres all the people? I dont even see any monsters.
Murphy nodded at the others as he approached with Rebecca and Kylee. He tossed a hunk of stale bread to Lilly. She didnt catch it, and the moment it hit the ground, Fart snapped it up and swallowed it down. Greedy-ass dog didnt even chew it. Murphy passed Lilly another piece without tossing it this time and told her, We need to teach her some manners, huh, kiddo?
Lilly smiled and told Murphy, Oh its all right, Murph. Shes hungry just like the rest of us.
Dana smiled at Lilly and corrected her gently, saying, Mr. Murphy, Lilly, not Murph, okay?
Lilly twisted her lips curiously and told Dana, Well, JC calls him Murph and so does Dext. Why cant I call him that, too?
Dana explained, Because Dext and JC are adults
Kylee interjected sarcastically without taking her eye off the sign, giving a snarky, Debatable!
Dana hid her smile from Lilly in an effort to maintain the authoritative tone and finished the thought, saying, Youre still a kid, and kids have to use Mister or Miss when speaking to adults.
Lilly rolled her eyes and exclaimed, Oh, son of a dammit!
We all sort of chuckled at the complete lack of context with which Lillys first attempt at cursing came about, but we tried to hold it together for Danas sake as she snapped, Lillith Harley Aricott! You watch your mouth, young lady! You do not speak like that, do you hear me?
Lilly frowned and turned beet red, telling Dana, Yes. Her little bottom lip poked out and quivered as she tried to hold back her tears.
Dana kept on Lilly, demanding, Where did you hear that?
Lilly pointed at the culprit and said, JC I mean, Mr. JC.
Dana rolled her eyes and threw her hands up, saying, Oh! I shouldve known.
JC swung his bear over his shoulder and smirked as he told Dana, In fairness to my own grammar and artistic use of the English language, she most certainly did not hear that from me. What I said was, Goddammit, son of a bitch. She just needs a little practicethats all.
Dana scowled at him miserably.
JC winked at Lilly and ruffled her hair before telling everyone, Cmon, maybe theres somethin left in this little, shit-hole town.
There wasnt. It was desolate, and it was clear that Kilo left a care package much like they did back at the Haven, but it had been picked through worse than the corpses had been consumed by the vultures. 
We moved in succession, building by building, house by house, but there was just nothing. Kilo was thorough; thats for damn sure.
We came across one geek who was lurking in a little alley off the side of the main road between the market and the courthouse. It was fully engorged on who knows what or who. It was so gross. Its like they never know when to stop feeding. Weve seen them before with big, fat bellies, all distended and somewhat pregnant looking, but this was the first time I had ever seen one that actually popped. It was topless from some time long ago, likely when she was attacked and bitten, and by now her skin was blue and grey. Black veins underneath her thinning skin patterned a roadmap all over her body. 
I gagged at the sight of it. As everyone moved into the alley, covering both sides as we approached, the biter became attentive to our presence and moved to stand up. As it leaned forward, all the guts and black-red organs spilled onto the ground along with countless pounds of undigested flesh from inside its stomach.
Fart dashed past all of us and leapt into the air, catching the geek by the throat and landing hard. They both tumbled over, but Fart landed on top and shook angrily, growling and huffing heavily as the dumbshit hissed and snapped. Fart had it pinned to the ground and was actually standing inside of its gut cavity.
Lilly clapped and cheered. Good girl, Fart! she exclaimed almost merrily.
Rebecca stepped up and put her foot next to the dogs mouth, taking over the pinning situation as Murphy called Fart back to his side. Lilly petted the dog and nearly had her face licked but Murphy, thinking quickly, put his bow between them and corrected both Lilly and the dog with, No! Not until we can clean her up. A simple pet will have to do. Lord only knows how nasty her mouth is right now.
Lilly frowned, but quickly lost interest. She just sorta shoved her way past me and JC towards Rebecca and the geek before Dana and Kylee both moved to slow her progress, Dana saying, Thats close enough, Lilly.
Lilly told them, I wanna do it!
Kylee asked her, Do what?
I wanna kill the monster. Can I do it this time, pleeeeeeease, please, please, please? Lilly begged.
There was an awkward silence as we all looked blankly at one another before Dana told her, Absolutely not.
Lilly stomped her foot angrily as Rebecca coolly squeezed her trigger. The snarling ceased immediately, and we went about our business.
It was only about a minute later that we heard the second shot. It came from the same direction Kilo said they were headed.
JC perked up and fired one more shot of his own into the air.
And there was another from the same direction. We were communicating!
Weve been traveling in the direction of those shots for about a half hour now, and were getting close. The reply shots are louder every time we stop and test them. 
I wonder if that herd is listening, too, though. Whatever were doing, we need to do it quickly. 
Hopefully its Kilo.
Oh, man! That would be so awesome!


Entry 96

So, the first thing the stranger said to us is, Everyone out! Show me your hands so I dont have to shoot anybody today.
JC hopped down from the trailer, leaving the girls behind him. He racked his shit, took aim right at the dudes face, and smugly told the guy, Tell ya what, cupcake How about you lower your rifle before we find out whos got the itchier trigger finger?
Two more men emerged from the camper behind this newest stranger. One was dual wielding two fairly sizable handguns, and the other had a rifle not unlike Juniors old piece. They lined up on either side of the first guy and held their ground against JC.
He told JC, No one wants any trouble, man. Wed rather use what little ammo we have on the shamblers. Hell, we fired eight rounds too many just because it was nice to hear someone else was out there besides us. But if you dont drop that fucking weapon, we will open up on you and everyone with you.
Murphy cleared his throat, drawing their attention to where he stood perched on top of D-Primes trailer. The old coot was chillin up there with an arrow on the line, pulled back, and ready to go. When you two are done arguing over whos got a bigger dick, Id like to get some sleep. I suggest one of you squeeze off so we can get on with it.
Kylee emerged from behind Murphy, evening the odds at three on three, taking aim with her sidearm as I slipped from the shadows of the trailer. I posted up beside JC and stood firm, catching a glimpse of JCs cocky smirk from out of the corner of my eye.
The stranger gave a whistle, and no less than three more of his men and a single female came jogging out from a mess of tarps and tents near their camperall armed. 
Shit was getting ridiculous. The barrels of the various weapons on display nervously twitched from one target to the next as both groups seemed to size up the competition. Beads of sweat dripped from everyone involved as the tension became more and more palpable. We all stood in silence waiting for someone to make a move.
Our stranger never took his eyes off JC as he called to his people, Paul, watch the one with the bow. Candice, you got Dead-Eye up there with him.
He then addressed JC, saying, You are outnumbered and outgunned. I say again, lay down your weapons, or we will fire on you.
Kylee called down to them, We have the cover of the vehicle if necessary, and youre being fired upon from an elevated position. You may have the numbers, but your terrain is against you. You will die here, I promise.
The stranger spat out of the side of his mouth without moving another muscle and challenged Kylee, shouting up, Well, that certainly sounds professional and all, Miss Lady, but are you really willing to risk his life on that? Because hes the first one Im gonna shoot. 
He stared at JC like a stone statue. Somethin about this dude was unsettling. I mean, taking the whole situation at face value was nerve-racking enough; however, wed been in similar situations before. Its just the way things were now. Everyone was always on high alert. Everyone was always a suspect. But this guy was almost too cool about what was going on. He was over-the-top in control of his position. To me, that was even scarier than someone who was a fidgeting, nervous wreck. 
They had made their camp off the road and near a small copse of trees, which was likely due to the shade it offered. Luckily for us, it also offered cover of a different sort. While we made our approach to the camp after following the sound of the gunfire, Kylee was smart enough to drop Cutty and Rebecca off. They could approach on foot in case we came across some nut-jobs. It may have saved our lives.
The lone female in the group closed her eyes as her head dipped slightly forward under the pressure of Rebeccas handgun. She hissed, Shit! as she lowered her weapon and raised her hands.
Rebecca relieved the woman of her rifle, slinging it over a shoulder, as well as the pistol in her belt. Then she took aim at Paul, holding them both at bay. She told Candice, Take two steps back. If you act a fool, Im gonna blow your brains through your face.
I saw Cutty rise up from his crouch and point a single blade at one of the other men, simultaneously taking a somewhat clumsy aim at the stranger with our last pistol. He told the stranger, Yeah, son! We fittin ta fuck yall up. You heard what ma girl said now. Drop yo shit, lest I perforate yo fohead.
We all know Cutty cant shoot. He shoots worse than me. Shit, he shoots worse than he dances. But hey, hes from Baltimore, and were in bum-fuck Nebraska. So, when an enormous black dude points a gun at your face and speaks like hes from Baltimore, you tend to just do what the fuck he says.
Once again, though, this guy didnt budge. He simply said, Nice flank. I gotta be honest here and tell you I didnt see that comin. 
Calling up to Kylee, he continued, Well, Miss Lady, I believe we are at an impasse. You have one of my people held prisoner, but that is neither here nor there. So I am going to count down from five and begin shooting your people. We will discuss the rest of the details when we are through with all that if there are any of us left. Are you ready? Five four
Her little, tiny voice broke everyones concentration as Lilly rushed from the front of the trailer, Dana tailing behind her in a feeble effort to wrangle her in, and exclaimed, Thats easy, mister! I can count down from fifteen! Wanna hear? Fifteen, fourteen, eleventeen, ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, aaaaaand one!
The stranger snapped, Jesus! You got kids with you?
Dana, by this point, had managed to pull Lilly back out of sight as Kylee shouted, Weve killed men! Well do it again if we have to! But thats not the way we want it! We followed your gunfire in hopes of meeting a group of marines that have been evacuating people. Weve been tailing them for a long time now.
The stranger chuckled and told us all, Well I believe I can help you with that. You think we can all agree to put down our weapons in the interest of that little girl in the truck?
Rebecca kicked Candice away and to the ground and told him, Heres my peace offering. Now your turn.
The stranger nodded his approval and gestured to Paul, who grumpily lowered his own weapon and helped Candice to her feet. Candice mean-mugged Rebecca and told her, We aint through, you and me.
I lowered my own piece, trusting Cutty and the others, and tucked it in my belt as the strangers other men began to loosen up a bit. 
He stepped forward and told us all, We did the right thing here today. Perhaps theres still hope after all. The names Cotton. Thats what they call me anyway. You have food? We need ammo. We can trade you some food if you got ammo. Paul got us a couple deer this week.
And that was how we met Cottons crew. 
The others are working on a trade to get us some decent grub since Lilly requires more than just canned slop. I dont know if we can really spare any ammo, but Murphy seems pretty good at haggling. 
Cutty tossed me the pistol he was holding and said, We lucky, man. I dont like gamblin to begin wit, much less when we playin fo our lives. Jus rememba that I prayed we come outta dat alive and we did, Dext. You might not believe in it, and Lawd knows He done tested ma faith a lot since dis shit started, homie, but we still here. I think you need dis now more den I do
He dumped the small Bible in my lap and left me to write this.
I dont know
I feel like if I touch it, my hand will burst into flames. 


Entry 97

Cotton and his people cannot know about Kylee. No matter what we do or what we say, they just wont understand. If her secret gets out around these people I just dont know. But, for now, were just business as usual. 
Cotton and I rode with Cutty in the jeep, and he directed us as we went. Hes a good dude. As it turns out, his people are just a hunter-gatherer group for a much larger communityan entire town, in fact. They do supply runs, scout, hunt for deer, and a whole bunch of other shit. They also know about the herd.
Cotton asked us about it first. You seen the wave yet?
Cutty replied, equally as confused by the question as I was, asking, Da wave? Whassat?
Cotton told us, Theres a few hundred all packed together about ten clicks to the northeast. Weve been tracking them on an off for about three weeks. Biggest group of shamblers Ive seen yet.
I had to ask him, When was the last time you actually saw them? 
He looked up in thought before answering, I guess its been about four, five days now.
He paled visibly when I informed him that not only had we seen them, but their numbers had now swollen to upwards of a thousand. He muttered to himself, Jesus
Cutty asked him, What yall know about da marines? They still evacuatin people an shit. Might could let da town know about all dat.
Cotton chuckled and told Cutty, Theyve already come and gone. Few days back, they come rollin up to our perimeter and hopped out like some Hollywood shit. Started barkin orders, tellin us we were being evacuated and it was time to clear out of our space. Harris took one look at that truck full of shamblers and told em to fuck right off. You shouldve seen their faces, man. Harris said that we were good where we were and that we werent going. They had some spat about martial law, revolution, blah-blah-blah. Finally, the man in charge just threw his hands up and told Harris if we were overrun, it would be his fault. Only the Robertsons and the Page families ended up going with them. The rest chose to stay put.
I told them we knew about the bernies that Kilo had with them. I let him know how they had lost men and about Fool, but I left out the part about the soldiers turning in their sleep that night. It just seemed unimportant since whatever men were left must be like Fool and Kylee. 
Cutty asked, Who Harris?
Pointing slightly left and gesturing for me to make a turn, Cotton answered, Deputy Harris. He kinda runs the show ever since Sheriff Parks was bitten. Parks was euthanized in as humane a way as possible. He never felt a thing, and I think everyone saw how brave he was to give himself up. An honorable man and a good leader, Parks was. Men of honor are few and far between these days. But anyway, Harris keeps the peace just like he always did. We grow our own crops. We hunt our own food. We purify our own water supply. Hell, man, save for the fact that electricity is all but gone, Id say were doin damn well for ourselves. We defend ourselves when the shamblers come, and thats that. Most importantly, though, is that we are good people So dont act like assholes when we get there, or theyll toss you right out.
My first thought was JC, naturally. If anyone was going to fuck things up for us here, Id expect it to be JC. Hes more abrasive than wiping your ass with sandpaper. 
My second thought was Rebecca. She was still on thin ice with Candice after the whole standoff incident, and those two have been at each others throats ever since. 
Apparently, Candice spent months proving herself capable of going out on the road. She had been begging to go out so she could provide for the communitylearned to shoot on her own and eventually showed herself to be ready, but Rebecca clowned her on her first trip out. I can imagine that hurt Candices pride pretty badly, and she wont be ready to let that go anytime soon. As long as we can prevent an outright catfight, those two will be all right I think. 
This town could be exactly what weve been after from the beginningsafe. We can all pull our weight and, if we can keep JC in check, it would be a great place to raise Lillygood, like-minded people making the best of the new world.
We just really need to keep this new bite a secret until Kylee can heal up. 
It wasnt even her fault, really. Cotton had us stop at the dump on the way in because thats a natural part of the groups route. After the scouting and the hunting, they always swing by the communitys dumping area, which is about fifteen miles out from the town proper. 
They usually drop all the trash on the way out and then, on the way back in, they roll through a second time and clear it out.
Cotton explained it like this, When you dump all your trash, it attracts animals: coons, possums, what have you. Theyre no different than they ever were when it comes to an easy meal. Shamblers are the same way, and they aint as dumb as everyone first thought they were, neither. Those shamblers like to hang around the trash so they can get at the animals. Some of em even lay down in the garbage and wait for the coyotes to come and pick at em then turn the tables. Anyway, we try and keep the population down. 
Whoda thought, right?
We bailed out and got ready to do some housecleaning. It was actually nice to be around people who knew their shit when it came to the dead. Everyone reflexively put their guns on their shoulders or in their belts and drew melee weapons.
Right off the bat, we could see about twelve of them wandering around the retched field of debris. The stench of rotting animal carcasses and decomposing food was thick and heavy in the air, and it made my eyes water immediately. Luckily, I wasnt alone as Candice and one of the other guys, Jason I think was his name, gagged and coughed.
Cutty smacked his blades together and whooped at the bernies in the trash, and they began their approach.
Paul waded into the garbage and took out two immediately, swinging a ten-pound maul straight down on the crown of their heads. There was something strangely satisfying about the wet, cracking sound it made as it smashed into their skulls.
The others in the group broke off in pairs and began sweeping the grounds for sleepers.
It was hard for me to focus on the task because of the sheer size of the area, so I just worked it over in small blocks, jabbing my latest weapon of choice here and there. Im diggin the crowbar lately. Its a nice, all-purpose piece.
I had heard Rebecca yelp shortly after watching Cotton applaud Cutty for slicing up four on his own, in typical fashion. She had tripped on something about twenty-five feet ahead of me and was just getting to her feet, wiping off bits of rotten vegetables and dumpster juice from her pants as she raised a hand to signal she was all right. I couldnt even call to her in time to let her know that one of the dead had gotten to its feet right behind her. They got up at almost the exact same moment, so I can only assume that her own rustling around covered the sound of it, and the smell of the trash and animal carcasses made the odor of the deadhead nearly undetectable. 
Kylee called out Becca, move! and dashed to her side just in time to tackle the bernie onto the foul refuse. After a short scuffle, Rebecca had bashed its head in with her own club.
By that point, I had waded my way to them and Kylee was getting to her feet. Rebecca said to her, Thanks. You all right?
Kylee looked at us, wide eyed, in our little huddle and just shook her head, whispering, No. 
She did a good job of holding herself together, and as she wiped herself down, she whispered, Im bit. Fucker got me right here She gestured to the webbing between her thumb and forefinger.
It wasnt missing a hunk or anything, but there was no denying it was a bite. The incisors and canine teeth marks were clearly visible, still dimpled in her flesh, and there was blood seeping from one of them where it had just broken the skin. My stomach dropped.
Rebeccas face was one of guilt as she whispered, You just saved my life. Thatd been a death sentence for me. Luckily, it doesnt even look that bad, and youve been bitten before. Lets call Murph over and get you cleaned up.
I immediately took issue with that and harshly whispered, No! We dont know these people. They seem fine now, yeah, but if they find out shes bitten, we have no idea how theyll react. They might try and put her down on the spot. Lets play it cool and just get you back to the trailer where we can handle this privately. Now I want you to hold your knife in that hand to cover up the mark, and limp.
Kylee whispered, Limp? Huh?
Cotton called over and asked suspiciously, Everything all right over there? Close call, eh?
Rebecca shouted over to him, Were good!
I backed her play and called out, She just twisted her ankle! You guys all right to finish up? I wanna get it wrapped up and make sure its not broken! Murphys good at that kinda shit! 
Cotton waved us off and went about his business.
We limped her back to the trailer and told Murphy what was up. Dana was inside with Lilly and overheard us, so she started her panicking shit while Murphy poured alcohol on the wound. Kylee rolled up her sleeve and showed Dana her scar. She told her, Ill be fine. Been there, done that. Were pretty sure Im one of very few people who can survive a bite, but these other people dont need to know about this. You have no idea what weve seen on the road, Dana what people are capable of. We dont know these people, and were not taking any chances any! Now keep your cool, and keep your mouth shut. Okay?
Dana started to protest, but the words caught in her throat. She resigned with a simple nod.
Murphy told Kylee, Speaking of not taking any chances, youre back on the suspect list. Sorry, but thats just how it is. We need you to stay out of the trailer, away from Lilly especially, for a few days. If you start to feel ill, tell me immediately and well put you on dead watch. Keep close to Fart, too. Shell probably know before you do. Got that?
Kylee, clearly disgruntled at being put back on the you might turn at any moment list, showed some emotion with a quivering lip. She blinked away some frustrated tears and nodded at him, saying, Fine. Okay, before inhaling deeply and putting on her business face.
We put her with Murphy and Fart in the cab of D-Prime, and I figure well be at the town in about a half hour. JC is likely to have already been informed by Rebecca, as theyre in the trailer while I write this, but Cutty doesnt know yet. 
I dont know anyone as tough as Kylee. Shell get through this. Shell be fine.


Entry 98

I swear, there is so much fuckin camouflage in this podunk town, it looks like everyone bought their wardrobe from Bass Pro Shop. And I cant lie, I was hopin to get some ass at some point, but these broads are more busted than the day shift at a downtown titty bar.
But enough about that shit
Imagine its like the old Andy-Griffith-Mayberry hookup. Thats the sort of town this isquiet, quaint, everyone knows each other, and all that good shit. The whole thing is self-sufficient with this guy owning the tackle shop, and this other dude owning the pharmacy, and so-and-so owning the barbershop. For the most part, all of it is still intact and in many cases relatively well stocked, somehow. Hell, they even keep the grass cut with those old-school mowers and all that.
The perimeter of the entire place is surrounded by a virtually impenetrable barrier of the most unlikely thing school busesbig, old, yellow-ass school buses. They had at some point driven them all into place and then used dozers and lifts from the surrounding farms to drag them to the proper positions. They then managed to stack them two layers high, adding in old cars and broken-down trucks here and therenot surprising, really. Every proper hillbilly has about six cars in the front yard that dont run, right? Its amazing when you really step back and take it all in. Matter of fact, Harris says they still have fuel left from when they drained all the tanks of these things. The ingenuity and hard work of these hillbillies is exactly why theyre still here and thriving. City folk are way too lazy for that shit. 
Harris met the entire group at the gate along with a few other yokels. The gate was really just a place where they kept a tractor and some chains posted so they could drag the buses open enough to load and unload gear and people.
One things for sure, Harris isnt Barney Fife. Harris is a huge beast of a man with a full-on mountain-man beard and broad stature. He reminds me of a grizzly bear, but with a much kinder smile. 
He greeted Cotton and the others as some of the men began unloading the camper and the packs we had.
Cotton told him, New arrivals.
Harris turned his attention to us and gave us a big, old grin. Second set of visitors in just a couple of weeks! Things are lookin up. Damned glad to see there are still survivors around. Where you folks from anyway?
We all rattled off where we started this whole thing and did some introductions, but Ill spare you all that bullshit. Murphy had given Kylee some old driving gloves from D-Primes glove box after he cut off the fingers from them. I guess he thought theyd be a cool way to hide the bite, but she looked like a lesbiannot a porno lesbian, either, if you get my drift. She winced in pain when they shook hands, but I dont think Harris noticed it.
He took a knee and addressed Lilly, asking, And whats your name, beautiful?
Lilly gave him a big grin and told him, Lillith Harley Aricott. She jutted out her hand for a shake in an overly dramatic five-year-old kinda way, and Harris graciously accepted it.
Very pleased to meet you, Ms. Aricott, he said playfully, clearly comfortable with children. You wanna go see the playground? I think Joey and Jay are over there. Those are my boys. I reckon theyre about your age.
Lilly grinned wide and said, You got a playground?
Candice offered, Ill take her over.
Rebecca scoffed at Dana for not vetoing Candices offer and said smartly, Ill go, too, then. Things arent always what they seem
Dana looked dumbfounded at the awkwardness of the moment, and Harris gave a puzzled look, but I cant say I disagree with Rebecca here. Dana didnt know what it was like out there. She was coddled before we found her, and she hadnt done shit besides minding Lilly since. That sort of easy trust will get you killed. I have to wonder why Harris isnt more wary of us. Either this place is that under control or theyve become that complacent.
Harris shook it off as Candice and Rebecca took Lilly down the street and told the rest of us, A couple families left a few days back when a bunch of government types came through. We can put you up in their old place until you decide if you want to stay or go. Youre welcome, either way, as long as you dont disturb the peace. Though, from the looks of that truck out there, you seem to be comfortable on the road.
I remember thinking, This guy must be fucking retarded. Comfortable on the road Kidding, right?
I really didnt have the words to explain what the road was like to someone who hadnt actually done it before, and I dont mean a little scouting and scavenging. Wed been living on the road. Wed killed and been killed. I have to wonder if Harris knew anything of what that was like.
Cotton leaned in and whispered to me while Harris tended to unpacking with Kylee and the others, I see it in your face, boy. Harris is a good man and hes perfect for this community. But hes never killed anything but deer and shamblers. You should take solace in the fact that, while he may not have any idea of what its like on the outside, he wont be a threat to you or your people in here. Youd do well to remember that and act accordingly. What you people did out there, you did to survive. Nobody blames you for that, but you leave that shit on the outside. We clear?
Cotton got it.
This house were in is creepy as hell. Its nice, actually, but thats why its creepy. Therere still pictures on the wall and furniture and toys for Lilly. Its a home, but its not ours.
Lillys lost some innocence already, but I dont know if everyones noticed it or not. She set a bunch of stuffed animals all throughout the first floor and shes been clearing the rooms like we do on shopping day. Ive been watching her for a while now, and its amazing what shes learned by observing in such a short time. She hits a doorway, and she does the pizza move, holding her fingers out like a pistol. When she spots one of her stuffed animals, she goes, Pew, pew Gotcha!
I guess that got boring after a while, so now shes got two drumsticks from a toy drum set, and she just whacked her dinosaur over the head and flexed on it like Cutty. Its cute, but its also unsettling.
Murphy changed Kylees dressing and went to ask Harris if he would mind us taking the house from the second family that left as well for a while. He bullshitted him and told him that the girls wanted some time to themselves. Harris was cool and gave it over without a second thought, so weve put Kylee there with Cutty. JC figured it would be better if she told Cutty what happened on her own.
As for Dana, well, shes upstairs in the owners bedroom going through the makeup and the clothes but whatever. At least shes back in her element.
We have eighty-seven people, and most are family groups. They know their guns, and everyone has at the very least a shotgun and a bow of some sort. Many of these men are avid hunters, and a handful of them have been reloading their own casings for years. They are 100 percent red blooded, second amendment, homeland motherfuckin Americans. No wonder why there was never a successful ground invasion of the United Statespresent situation excluded, of course 
Im not worried about Kilo anymore, and Im not worried about food or ammo or getting overrun while we sleep tonight. This place is going to work out. Well get Kylee sorted, and well settle down. No Haven. No crazies. No bernies.
I daresay its paradise, and weve fucking earned it. 


Entry 99

Harris and Cotton have left us to our own devices for the past two days. Its been a nice, little vacation. The mornings are pleasant with children in the yards and the smell of venison and fresh produce filling the little streets. We even ate a proper breakfast today, and a nice woman named Nina brought us coffee. We. Had. Hot. Coffee.
Lilly remains playful, but is very much antisocial with regards to other kids. She keeps to herself at the playground, and the only time I really saw her out of her shell was when I ran a footrace down Main Street with all the kids. Apparently, Cutty has spread the word about my speed, and everyone wants to try me. Im still the undefeated champion, but I know one of these little pricks will win eventually. Hell, I can only run about four or five times in a row before I get tired, and theres still a line of them ready to race. 
Kylees doing well. She isnt even showing any signs of sicknessno coughing, no fever, nothing. Her wound is slightly infected, but nothing major. Murphy managed to swindle some antibiotics out of the town pharmacist in trade for some handmade arrows. We were told that they dont have a fletcher here, so Murphys workmanship could become a great commodity for us. 
Im pretty sure JC has fucked like four chicks already, because every time I see him, hes in his underwear and theres some random woman doing a walk of shame out the front door. I figure, as long as he doesnt bang some dudes wife, whatever keeps him out of trouble is good by me. 
Cutty and Rebecca, on the other hand, spent the last couple of evenings in the local church. Theyve gotten to know the pastor a bit, and I think that theyll thrive pretty well in that area of the community. Cutty even told me it was nice to finally have the blood off of his hands. He meant that literally. There has always been some sort of gore or stain or smear on something since we hit the road. Clean clothes and clean bodies make us feel human again. 
All that sounds fine and well and believe me, it is. Im sure, as time passes well become even more settled in. Well make friends here, and well go out and scavenge if we have to. But theres one thing no one warned us about once we got inside. 
Our own minds.
I feel like Im going insane. Sleeping on the road is always this weird, half-conscious state that you can snap out of almost immediately. Sleeping here is deep and physically relaxing, but it brings nightmares. I wake up drenched in sweat and grabbing for a weapon almost every time. 
Last night I talked to Junior and Wyattonly, Junior had a gaping hole in his stomach that oozed blood and bile; when he spoke, it was a gurgling growl that only I could understand.
Wyatt was missing an arm and half his face. He was burned and charred all along his right side, yet he smiled. He didnt speak, though. I tried to talk to him, but I dont think he could talk back. He had bitten his own tongue off when the blast hit him.
Im sitting here on the front porch of a home with the sun shining down on me, warming me comfortably as I write, but I feel guilty for being here. Our group is splintering quietly now that were not forced to be around one another at every moment, and Im beginning to feel alone. I guess I should be thankful, but instead I feel like I never did enough. 
I feel like this would be so much better if Fool was hanging with JC and high-fiving over their feminine conquests or Wyatt and Gary were trying to get Rebecca to rig them up some way to play video games. I also wish Junior and Cutty were calling each other nigger and cracker again 
So many have given their lives for us to be heretheir lives. Thats a one-shot deal. 
We need to make Lilly understand that. We need to tell her every day that she should be grateful for what she has, regardless of how much shes lost in her short time on this planet. And Im beginning to think that JC is right to teach her the things hes taught her. Hes preparing her so that when real life in this new world hits her, it doesnt shock her like it did usmoreover, so she doesnt let that shock get her killed.
Last night, she asked him if Kylee was going to turn into a monster and if we were going to have to kill her like we killed her mom and dad. 
He told her, We didnt kill your mom and dad, kiddo. I really want you to understand that. Those monsters only look like people we know sometimes, but its never ever them. Your mom and dad loved you very much. They would never try and hurt you, but once they turn, theyre not themselves anymore. Theyll try and kill anyone and anything. Theyre not the same person they once were.
She asked him, So, if Kylee turns into a monster, she wont be Kylee anymore? And she wont know my name anymore?
He answered her with, Thats right.
She continued, And she wont remember how we played together or that you were her friend?
JC nodded and chucked Lilly on her chin. Nope. You have to kill them. You mess up their head until they fall, and thats all you can do. Its like setting them free and making the monster let go of them.
Lilly asked one final question. Then they can go to heaven?
JC struggled with the answer to that question. He took a deep breath, but couldnt work up the courage to answer her.
Cutty saved his ass and told her, Dats right, baby girl. Dey go ta heaven afta dat, but you aint gotta worry bout Kylee. She gon be aight.
Lilly smiled and said, Got it, Mr. JC.
JC told her on the sly, You can call me JC, kiddo. Danas not around.
Come to think of it, Danas been scarce for quite a while now. She comes to the house at night to sleep, but it seems shes not only taking a break from the road, but also taking a break from Lilly. Im not sure how I feel about that. I guess, I understand.
I think after dinner tonight, Ill ask Harris when the next hunt is going to happen. I figure I better learn some skills to contribute around here, and Ive always wanted to learn how to hunt.


Entry 100

I dont know what the others are going to say when they hear about this. For all I know, they may have already heard about it. Im sure news travels fast in this place, and I havent really seen much of them, save for when we all come home to sleep.
My heart fell into my gut when Cotton approached me. It was because I knew that look on his face. I had seen it all too well when we were pointing guns at one another. It was calm, collected, and in control. He wears his mood on his facenot that hes easy to read, mind you; its just that I can tell when hes in business mode.
He had Harris with him but, even with Harris bigger build and more intimidating physical stature, Cotton looked more like the bodyguard in this scenario. They raised their hands in a greeting with somber faces and gestured me somewhat kindly to a little space between the two houses we now occupy.
Harris took a deep breath and asked me, Why didnt you say something? You could have just told us.
I knew they had found out. It was as plain as the beard on Harris face, but I couldnt help but to play dumb. I figured if I played it off like I was shocked I would be able to figure out how much they knew and all that before I had a chance to put my foot in my mouth. I just answered with, Told you what?
Cotton saw right through me, but kept his cool. He looked me straight in the eyes and said, You knew that girl was bit. All of you did. You put this entire community at risk.
I made an attempt to explain it to them. I laid it all on the table. Look. The military has an idea on how to stop this thing, but its imperfect. They gave vaccines to most of the forces before all this shit got out of hand, but they didnt really know about the side effects. The vaccine was to prevent the soldiers from turning when they died. Bites were still as deadly as they were for the rest of us, but they wouldnt turn! The major problem was that many of those injected actually turned for no reason, without a bite and without dying. They just went to sleep and woke up dead.
I was kind of shocked that neither of them seemed surprised by this. I kept going.
But it did work on a large number of them. All the men in those military vehicles that came by here were all good to go. But Kylee Kylees different, guys. You gotta understand. Shes the only one we know of that can survive a bite. Shes survived one before, and this one is no different. We took precautions just in case, but that was our business. We didnt know how youd react. You dont know the kind of crazy shit weve been through on the road. We couldnt take any chances with new people.
Cotton scratched his head in thought, as though he was trying to figure out what to do with me. He looked like my father used to look when he knew I needed to be punished, but he understood why I fucked up. Harris had more of a disappointed look on his face.
I asked them, Howd you find out anyway?
Harris tightened his lips like he knew I was going to ask that and told me, Well, my two boys were playing with Lilly on the playground like they do. Joey and Jay were acting like shamblers, which Ive since corrected them for, by the way, and you have my apologies for that. Your little girl was gettin a little scared, so she sort of took matters into her own hands.
Oh?
Harris continued with a half smile and said, Well, apparently she told them to stop, and when they didnt, she kicked them both in the nuts, picked up two sticks, and whooped em both. Joey told her she wasnt allowed to do that because in the game, she was bitten and was supposed to turn. But your girl told him she was tough like Kylee and that bites dont hurt her. They argued. One thing led to another, and she spilled it.
Cotton spoke up, Now, all this immunity business may or may not be true, but the bottom line is that we cannot and will not take any risks here in this communitynever have and never will. Thats why were still here and theyre out there.
I asked the obvious question, What do you want us to do?
Cotton answered me flatly, Its already been taken care of.
I reached for my belt.
Fuck! 
My fucking gun was in the housetoo Goddamn comfortable here. Im slippin.
I demanded, The fuck you mean taken care of?
Harris opened his palms in a gesture of peace and said, Just calm down Here. She said she wanted you to have this. 
He held out a folded piece of paper in my direction, so I snatched it away and opened it up, but not before I told both of them, If you laid a single finger on her, I will kill you both with my bare hands. 
And ya know what? I wasnt kidding, either.
The note read as follows:

Ive been asked to leave. They wanted to put a bullet in my head, but lucky for me, theyre not as dumb as you would expect.
I cant ask any of you to come along with me. I dont have the heart for it. Youll be safe there, and isnt that really what we wanted all along? 
I hope you dont mind, but Im taking the jeep. Hell, maybe Ill be able to catch up with Kilo once Im on my own. 
Its been one helluva ride, huh, guys? Weve been through so much, and I never could have done it alone. Im so thankful I had each of you with me, and Ill miss you all so much.
CuttyThe first time I saw you, I was scared shitless. Id never show it on the outside, but Ive never met someone who really intimidated me by appearance alone. But there you were, large and in charge. Im sorry that people judge you like that, and Im sorry I did the same. Ive never known a kinder, gentler soul than yours. Never ever lose faith. Those around you depend on that. They depend on you. I never got to thank you for some of the things youve done. I wish I had now. Risking your life in the arena against Cholo was something you could have done for yourself and Rebecca, but you did that for all of us. And when you picked me up and held me in your arms after I lost the baby Youll never know what that meant to me. Take care of them, Cutty, just like you always have.
JonStop acting so tough. Dont ever think that I dont know you. Underneath that gruff exterior and behind your shit-eating grin is a sensitive and caring man. Ive seen you with Lilly, and weve talked behind closed doors on more than one occasion. Your pillow talk is much more attractive than when youre acting like a dick. I know you cant be alone. I know that you try to carry that alpha-male aura because youre too afraid to look in the mirror and realize that the world no longer revolves around John Campbell. Please let your true self shine for the others. Put someone else ahead of yourself. Maybe it will start with Lilly. Just know that I could have loved you. Its a shame that when you looked into my eyes, you were too busy looking at your own reflection.
MurphyYou took us into your home and shared your secrets. You covered our asses more times than I can count. Your talent for reading people is uncanny, and youre easily the smartest and wisest man Ive ever had the pleasure to know. Use that! Keep them honest, and never let them lose sight of who they are. Call bullshit when theyre trying to mislead you, and teach them to never be taken advantage of.
RebeccaWeve had our differences. I hated you for taking my eye, and I held that grudge for way too long. But it was an accident, and shit happens. Youre a strong woman and a damn fine survivor. Im so sorry about Trey and the way we handled that. We made a mistake, and sadly, that cost you more than any of us. I wish I would have just hugged you and been there for you like you were there for me after the baby. You got me through that and probably saved my life. You cleaned me up and gave me the shoulder to cry on that I never gave you after Trey. I am so, so sorry I wasnt a better friend to you. I can only hope that by saving you at the dump Ive made my peace.
DextMy knight in rusty armor. Stop being so insecure. Stop second-guessing yourself. Youre stronger than you think. The problem is, youre too damn smart for your own good. Sometimes you have to just act instead of thinking things through so much. Theres a time and a place for everything. Now is the time to lead. The people weve lost weigh heavily on your mind, and youre right to never forget them. But never let it own you. Just honor them: Gary, Hope, Kate, Chuck, Junior, Tom, Bizzy, Trey, Wyatt, Fool, even my own little girl. Never list me among the dead, Dext, please. Write your story. Tell the world what it took to be a survivor and to be human in these times. They will find the answer, and they will rebuild from the ashes, but the generations ahead of us need to know what we did. They need to understand what was lost and who gave their lives for us all to carry on. Thank you for being my friend. You should have kissed me a long time ago, Dext. Damn you for thinking and not acting.
Wish me luck. Take care of Lilly. Shes all that matters now.
With Love,
Kylee 

Cotton put his hand on my shoulder and said, We gave her enough food and water for a few weeks and some ammo, even though we couldnt spare it. Shell be okay, kid. 
Harris nodded a tight-lipped apology and offered, Im sorry this happened, but I hope you understand that it was for the safety of everyone.
And with that, they turned and left me alone. 


Progress Report 

To: Col. Lang
From: Dr. Robert Albert Morofsky
Re: Progress Report
Date: unknown

I am unclear as to how long Ive been awake. I honestly cant even tell what day it is anymore. What I can tell you, however, is that my work with Subject 17 has been a staggering success thus far. 
My arrival at the New Mexico facility was a testament to the fine men and women who were tasked with my protection. I hadnt been out in the real world for months, and I had no clue just how bad things had gotten out there. By my calculations, the dead must outnumber the living some four hundred to one at this point. We came under attack no less than thirteen times on our way here, and even with the superior marksmanship of my escort, we lost nearly half by the time we arrived. 
Ive kept them for further study. No reason for them to go to waste. Im sure they would be proud to know they served the greater good even in death.
Youll be pleased to know that Subject 17 is in wonderful shape even with the daily sedatives weve been giving him. The poor bastards nearly been comatose since the second wave began, and weve stuck him with more needles than I would have thought possible. Yet, he still regenerates every time. Even his vascular integrity remains fully intact. He doesnt even bruise anymore after injections or tissue samples. Its absolutely astounding!
Ive also managed to pin down the mutation that causes the running phenomena, and youll be pleased to learn that only one in three hundred retain this level of physical ability and, as such, the threat level is minimal. It is not a number that will increase over time, as it is not a trait passed on through the bites of the dead, but more of a reaction within the person they were before death. However, I do expect them to be pack leaders in future instances.
That brings me to my next order of business, the alphas. This sort of alpha dominance among the dead is purely natural and is, in my opinion, a very clear retention of instinct with regards to the exploitation of food sources found everywhere in nature. It is why lesser animals gravitate to the dominant being in nearly every case. It is because they are able to ensure the pack eats. So, it is only logical that beings such as these, driven wholly by the need to feed, would group in herds led by the ones more capable of seeking out and capturing their food source. Its just that their particular food source is, well, us. If they exhibit some of the same natural behaviors as other species found in the natural world, there may be more behaviors they have in common. The next logical step is to find out what these behaviors are and how they can be exploited.
In the coming days, I plan to try some very exciting experiments to see if I can get them to view me as an alpha. Bear in mind that this is not an attempt to domesticate them in any way, but more an effort to see if they can be led effectively. That is to say, we could perhaps act as pied pipers on a grand scale for their wholesale extermination. Imagine leading them by the thousands into kill zones! I feel that would be much more efficient than throwing million-dollar bombs by the dozen into every city, especially if those cities still contain pockets of survivors. But I digress.
Now for the bad news. A proper vaccine still eludes us. Weve managed to make it so that we can prevent subjects from turning after death, but two things are still driving me insane. The first is the biting. Every single case that Ive seen of a bite from the undead has been fatal. Even in the case of a vaccinated individual who didnt turn after death, the bite was a killer. So, while there is hope to prevent the reproduction of the animated dead, I cannot seem to determine why the bites are a death sentence. The second is the cases of the vaccinated turning for no reason in their sleep. We think its a side effect of the meds, but I cant seem to get around it. I have a theory that it has to do with the lower blood pressure and heart rate while sleeping, but nothing concrete yet. Well keep working at it, though. 
Ive heard word that SSG Chalmers may be on his way to this facility. I cant say Im surprised since he is clearly a trusted confidant of yours, which was why I was certain you wouldnt mind me filling him in on the more sensitive matters of my studies. He admires you greatly, Col. Lang. Once he arrives, I will show him the results and perhaps even allow Subject 17 to wake long enough to meet him personally.
Regardless, youll be hearing from one or both of us soon enough.

- Dr. Morofsky 


Entry 101

It was no real surprise that I was woken up by a boot to my ass. I snapped awake to the sound of Cuttys voice booming, Get yo ass up, nigga.
He had his pack on, and he was flanked by JC and Murphy with Fart panting near the doorway to the bedroom where I had been spending my nights. I knew what was up. Cutty had his machetes on his hips, and JC stood by with his bear strapped across his back. Murphy, following suit, stood with his arms crossed, his bow and quiver strapped across his back.
I was rubbing the sleep outta my eyes when Murphy told me, Move your ass, Sally. Shes got nearly a full day on us. The longer you take to change your tampon, the further ahead shes gettin.
I told him I was going as fast as I could. It was the truth, too. Ive never been a morning person. Pair that with some of the best sleep Ive had since the beginning, and its a recipe for a lazy Dextjust sayin. I suppose I shouldve been in more of a rush to leave or I shouldve been stoked at the fact that everyone was on the same page about what to do, but the truth is, I wasnt. Im not. Even right now, Im not really backing it.
Bottom line for me is that Kylee said her good-byes. She did what she needed to do, and she did the right thing by writing that letter. She gave me the closure I dont usually get from those around us that die. In my mind, that should be all there is. It doesnt mean I dont miss her already or that I wont worry about her. It simply means that shes gone. I just think we should leave well enough alone. She wished for us to be safe here, and she wanted the best for us. I think we should honor her wishes in that sense and just stay.
Does that make me a dick? 
Yeah, I thought so, too. So, I strapped up my laces, tucked my pistol down my pants, and put my backpack on. What the fuck else was I gonna do? Tell Cutty no? Those dudes stood there motionless the entire time as I got my shit together, too. 
We hit the steps at the front porch, and I could hear Rebecca shouting angrily at someone off to my left. What do you mean no? You have to! What else did you think was going to happen? Oh, thats right, you didnt think! You didnt think of anyone but yourself!
Cutty came down off the steps to break it up as we heard Dana shouting, Shes not mine! I dont want her to be mine! Im her nanny, not her mother, and its not exactly paying well these days!
Cutty stepped between them and said, Eeeeeasy, yall. Calm down. What da problem is?
Rebecca, pointing at Dana, snapped, Shes not going to keep Lilly here. Shes actually telling me that if we leave, we have to take her.
Wide-eyed and disgusted, Dana told him, Shes not my burden anymore. Im twenty years old. I dont want a kid. I dont want any kids. If you leave her here, shes going to be an orphan. Its not my problem anymore.
Cutty was gettin pissed. Dat lil girl was with you all dis time, and you gon jus tell her she on her own now! Da fuck is wrong wit you?
Dana scoffed and retorted, Oh, big surprise that youre going to side with your precious Rebecca. Look, I love her, but I dont want her. You guys killed her parents. You deal with it.
Cuttys jaw dropped, and he shook his head, saying, Dat aint fair, Dana
After all this time, you get a sort of sixth sense about people or things that may or may not be behind you. I got that feeling just then and turned around to see Lilly standing in the doorway of the house. She was clutching her stuffed dinosaur, her bottom lip quivering and tears filling her eyes. Lilly turned around and ran back inside. Goddammit!
I started to run after her, but I stopped when I heard Cotton call out, Hey! I cant have yall disturbing the peace like this. Besides that, its early. People are trying to sleep. 
He dropped his hand casually to his sidearm, tapping his fingers thoughtfully on the butt of the weapon. That was very likely just a natural habit for Cotton, but I found myself nearly drawing my own piece. Luckily, Cotton mustve sensed the tension and let his hand drop. He raised his eyebrow at me, and I offered a silent apology for being twitchy by holding up my open hand.
He suggested, Lets go inside. We can talk about it privately.
Dana narrowed her eyes and told us all, I told you, Im done. Im not going, and Im not keeping Lilly. Its just not going to happen. She stormed off towards the houses on the opposite side if the street while the rest of us followed Cotton inside.
We all sat around the dining-room table with the exception of JC, who said, Ill go talk to Lilly. He dashed upstairs. 
Cotton drummed on the table, and after a moving rendition of Shave and a Haircut, he said, Figured youd be going after her
Cutty sarcastically replied, Yeah, thanks fo all yo help, Mista Cotton.
Cotton sighed heavily and told us all, It wasnt my call. Still, to be honest with you, I probably would have sent her away if it was my call. Therere too many people at risk heregood people. If Vietnam taught me anything, it taught me that you dont take risks with the people you care about if you can help it. This is one of those situations.
Murphy was quietly observing him and finally spoke up, saying, If youre all done justifying your actions and making yourself feel better, wed like to get going.
Cotton chuckled, and he knew he wasnt really welcome among us. He reached down to his belt and unclipped a large radio then set it on the table in front of him. Vietnam also taught me that you dont leave one of your own behind. Now, Ill admit that this situation is unique but the fact remains that you have a member of your group out there, and you want to ensure her safety if for some reason that bite doesnt burn her out.
He shoved the radio over to me, and I caught it before it fell off the edge of the table. Those marines left us two of these before they took off when Harris sent em awaytold us that if we changed our minds, we could try and make contact using those. The batteries crap out quick, so dont leave it on all the damned time. I figure your best bet is finding those marines if you somehow manage to catch up with your girl. One of my guys is a good welder. He said the armor on that rig of yours looks like shit
Murphy snorted at the dig on his workmanship.
I had him tighten it up for ya, and Ive seen to it that you have food and water loaded up. Id very much appreciate it if we could keep that bit of information from Harris. Dont suppose hed take too kindly to me handing over supplies like that, but youre going to have that little girl with you, and I refuse to send you out unprepared, he said to us. 
He stood up to leave and offered a handshake. Cutty clasped it tightly and told Cotton, You a good man, Cotton. We appreciate it.
Murphy told him, Harris wont hear anything about thisyou have my word. Were leaving immediately.
I escorted Cotton to the door and out onto the porch, where we both stood there looking out over the neighborhood. I took a deep breath and took in what would likely be one of my last breaths of safe air for a long time.
Cotton put his arm over my shoulder like an old friend and said, You got a good group there, boy. They care about one another. Now Im sorry about whats happened here, and Im sure theres a part of you that thinks were just heartless for what we had to do. And maybe we are. That girl of yours really thinks youre somethin. I hope you find her, and I hope youre right about this business of a cure or whatever it is. Use that radio and get to those marines, boy. I wish you the best of luck.
He smacked me on the back and walked off towards the gate. Along the way, he turned and called out, Theres an old apartment complex about twenty miles to the southwest. We keep it clear and use it as an outpost sometimes. If she stopped to sleep, she was probably there.
When I got back inside, JC had Lilly in his arms. She was calmed down and even smiling. 
I found it to be an interesting sight that he could have something so peaceful and pure cling to his front half and something so ugly and destructive as an assault rifle strapped across his back. 
JC let her down to her feet and asked, Ready?
I nodded and looked to Cutty. Les do dis.
Murphy scratched his head and took a quick glance around to ensure we hadnt forgotten anything and nodded at Rebecca. She nodded back and said, Lilly?
Everyone looked down at Lilly as I asked her, You ready to go, kiddo? Were going to go get Kylee back.
Lilly asked me, Is Dana coming?
I told her that Dana was going to stay and we would probably be able to say good-bye on the way out.
Lilly squinted one eye as she weighed the situation in the dramatic fashion of a sassy five-year-old and said, Finally I get to kill some monsters.
Cutty told her, Eeeeeeasy, baby girl. One thing at a time.


Entry 102

Cuttys a mess. We all are, really. I cant find a way to curb his rage, and I dont have any desire to step in on him at the moment. Hes been in the apartment for about a half hour now, and all we could hear at first was him throwing shit around and breaking glass. Finding what was left of the body, and it wasnt much, affects us all very deeply, but no one more than Cutty.
First of all, the apartment complex was far from clear. I can only assume that Cotton was telling the truth about them using it as an outpost and all that, because hed never had reason to lie about anything. Frankly, why would he lie about that after setting us up so well before we left? They must not have been there for a while, though, because the place was crawling with bernies. 
Our approach was exciting in that we expected the complexActually, let me back up. It was not really even a complex. It was a little, two-level building that looked more like a crappy, roadside motel, complete with green Astroturf and copious amounts of aluminum siding. It was a shit hole, straight up.
Anyway, we were amped because it was so easy to find. It was no surprise that no one wanted to go searching around side streets and shit, especially with D-Prime. Last time we blindly turned down one of those, it turned into a fucking mess. Remember the backup alarm? That sucked so hard.
Murphy drifted D-Prime right up to it in neutral to keep us as quiet as possible while JC surveyed the layout. It was a good effort, but it wouldnt have mattered.
JCs jaw dropped, and he murmured, Fuck.
Murphy stopped the truck, and the air brakes gave out a loud hisssss. No less than thirty or forty of them, scattered all over the inside of this flimsy, little picket fence that surrounded the building, stopped in their tracks, raised their heads, and looked directly at us. 
It began.
Murphy sprang out of the cab with Fart on his heels and jetted to the back of the trailer, where he whipped open the doors and snapped at Rebecca, Trouble. You comin or what? 
I couldnt hear her response.
Cutty shouted back to Murphy, Yo! Lock up Lilly!
JC interjected over his shoulder, Someone needs to stay with her! as he took his first shot, exploding the dome of what was once a middle-aged woman. Her decayed head mustve been soft because even the high-powered round from his bear, which would normally pass through and leave a gaping exit wound, blew the whole thing to shreds, spraying hair and all manner of funk into the air around her.
Cutty shouted back, No choice, man! We gon need erybody on dis one! She locked in the traila, though. She be aight!
One of the bernies had already breached the fence, but Cutty stepped up and slashed with his left blade, taking out its leg at the knee. He took another swipe with his right and split its head cleanly in half before the creature hit the ground. Falling back, Cutty stood in front of JC as a human shield while JC snapped his bayonet into place.
I took two shots at a random geek. My first one dragged low left, only tearing its jaw away, but my second snapped its head back, dropping it cleanly.
JC shouted, Fuckin hurry up! Here they come! And bring ammo!
Boom! Boom! In rapid succession, I dropped two more as Rebecca ran towards us, her pistol already smoking. She tossed a full rifle mag to JC and handed me two pistol mags before tucking one in her own belt. I heard the slam of the trailer door and the clank of the locks just before Murphy and Fart emerged from around the back.
Fart took off on her own, leaping over the fence and clamping her jaws around the neck of one of the heavier-set bernies. They fell to the ground together, and with a violent shake of her head, she tore out its throat. Blood pooled around the bernies struggling body as its usual snarl deteriorated into a bubbling gurgle. She left it laying there and latched onto the leg of another, again shaking her head and growling violently to bring it to the ground. With arms outstretched, the throatless one managed to grab her hind legs and pull her off, snapping its jaws at whatever was closest to its mouth. It found her tail and tore it off at the halfway point. Fart yelped and retreated back to Murphy, whining and bleeding.
Murphy drew back his bowstring and said, Motherfucker! as he pulled off some sort of Robin Hood shit. He cut loose the first arrow and had the second one drawn back before the first embedded itself deep in the forehead of the heavyset geek. Two more dropped. He knelt down to have a look at Farts wound and popped her on the nose. Too eager, girl! But youll live. Now stick to me.
Farts whining quieted a bit, and she even managed to wag her little half-a-stump tail. 
We were holding the fence fairly well with the shooting once we regrouped, but the numbers were only thinning slightly; we were going through ammo like a bitch, too. It goes way faster than you would think. Rebecca called to Cutty over the gunfire, We need you inside the fence, Uncle Curtis! If you can manage to cripple them, we can cover you and clean up behind!
Cutty nodded and moved into the group, swinging wildly as JCs precision rifle work picked off any that posed a threat to our boy. Murphy began taking potshots at some of the ones further into the complex near the apartment doors, ripping his used arrows out of their heads as he went along with that nasty schlocking sound. 
Once Cutty had mowed us a path of sorts, we moved upeveryone except for JC, that is. Murphy turned his back on the action and snapped at him, Lets go, kid! We need you in here!
JC raised his weapon over his shoulder like a spear and thrust it right at Murphys head. Murphy dodged to the left just in time as JCs bayonet sunk into the eye socket of a lone geek bearing down on Murphy from behind.
JC told Murphy firmly, Stop fucking telling me what to do and watch your back, old man. I aint leaving Lilly. With that, he climbed up onto the hood of D-Prime and then to the roof, laying prone in a classic sniper position. Go! I got you covered.
It was war. Shit, man, from there on out most of it was just a blur of adrenalin and gunfire.
Cutty hacked and chopped us a path to the line of first-floor doors while the rest of us cleaned up the dead with crowbar and bat strikes as they lay on the ground snapping. Rebecca and I tried our best to conserve ammo, but this shit was thick. We covered each other as we reloaded, but JC was crucial to our success. You will probably never know how relieving it is to miss a shot completely and still see your target drop. Youll also probably never know how fucking scary it is to have bullets, arrows, and shit whizzing past your head, friendly or not. JC did work, though, for real.
Most of the units were empty, and many of the doors were already busted into on the first floor, so we moved to the second in hopes that wed find whichever unit Cotton and his crew used to hunker down. We could see the entire line of doors plain as day, and we began working them in teams. Kick the door in, sweep, and get outquick and to the point.
Cutty and Rebecca were ahead of us slightly when Cutty kicked open the fourth door. It was fucked. There had to be six or eight, and they just overwhelmed him. He dropped one of his blades because the aisle was too narrow to swing as they poured into the corridor and pressed him against the rail, threatening to knock him over the ledge. Rebecca shrieked and backed off, momentarily startled.
With Cutty punching and kicking them back as best he could, he shouted to Rebecca, Get away! Run, Rebecca. Run!
She took off down the corridor, leaving us blocked by Cutty and the bernies with no way to get a clean shot. Two of the geeks noticed Rebecca as she dashed down the line of doors and decided to give chase, which eased the pressure on Cutty . I stepped in and ripped two of them off of him, and Fart chomped on a third, which allowed Cutty to gain his composure a bit more.
There was a brief struggle and a whole lot of cursing, but we managed to get off all of them without any serious injuries or bites.
Cutty dusted himself off and turned to talk to Rebecca, but noticed she was nowhere in sight. He started shouting, Rebecca? Where you at, Rebecca? We comin fo ya, baby!
Everyone snapped into battle mode once more and started kicking in doors and shouting for Rebecca. All bets were off. I kicked one in and saw two bernies kneeled over a rat and tearing it to pieces while they ate. I shot them execution style before they even looked up.
I exited to the sound of JCs weapon discharging and shattering the doorframe of one the units near the end of the line. I knew he could see her and was probably watching her back, so I shouted to Cutty to get his ass down there.
By the time we reached the door, it was too latejust too Goddamn late. Rebecca was spread from one side of the room to the next in a bloody mix of torn clothes and masticated flesh. There were no less than seven of them inside the apartment she fled to, and they were now fighting over pieces of her. One sat in the corner holding her head, picking at her eye sockets and Fuck! Theyre so fucking vicious in a pack. 
We barely had time to take in the scene before Cutty roared with rage and stepped inside the room, slamming the door shut behind him. I reached for the door to follow him in, but Murphy snatched my hand and told me, Leave him be, Sally. He needs to do this alone.
I sent Murphy down to catch up with JC and hear his side of the story as well as to check in on Lilly. As I write this, Im sitting outside the door, and I can still hear Cutty flipping out. 
Sometimes hes calling her name over and over and saying, No, not my Rebecca.
Other times I can hear him talking to the geekslike, hes talking shit to em and asking them questions. Its as if hes got them somehow incapacitated and hes attempting to torture them or some shit.
He hasnt stopped yet, and he might not for a good while.
And Kylee was never here.


Entry 103

The rains couldnt have come at a better time.
I sat for a while longer outside the door until the room got quiet before opening it slowly to check on Cutty and the state of things. He was exhausted, having torn the room and everything in it to complete shreds. In fact, it was a more gruesome scene than when we had first opened the door and discovered Rebeccas remains strewn all over the interior.
It looked like a bloody slaughterhouse of human entrails and limbs with black and rust-colored smears adorning the walls and soaking the dime-store carpeting. All of the furniture was tossed around, and most of it was in pieces like the former inhabitants. Glass littered the floor, mixing with the gore, lending a bizarre sparkle to the disgusting sight as I stepped inside. The geeks that had torn Rebecca apart were now themselves spread across every inch of the room, but I found it curious that there were none of the signature clean cuts that the machetes are known for. Cutty had torn them apart with his bare hands. 
He now sat cross legged in the center of the room, cradling Rebeccas head in his lap as he gently brushed the hair from her face. I was speechless as I stood over the two of them and saw Rebeccas face, now pale and grayish, missing an eye and smeared with bloody fingerprints. She looked sad. She looked like the grimace of pain and suffering that she had experienced as she passed away was somehow permanently scarred on her visage. She looked directly at me with her single, clouded eye as it narrowed and her brow furrowed in the typical hungry fashion of every other awakened corpse we had come across.
Cutty shushed her with a whisper and said, Eeeeasy, baby girl. Eeeeasy. Its just Dext.
Her eye rolled around slightly, but there was no sound from her. With her head torn off at the neck, there was none of the gurgling or snarling we had come to expectonly silence as her eye searched for the source of the whisper. Im certain she would have been snapping her jaws if Cutty hadnt wedged the broadside of his blade between her teeth, keeping her mouth pried open and unable to close. She bit down on the metal and began grinding her teeth at it.
I asked Cutty, You okay, bud?
I knew he wasnt, but I had to say somethinganything.
He never looked up at me as he replied quietly, No.
I was trying to remain focused on him, but I couldnt help just looking around the room in awe. I told him, If you need anything, Im right here for you. Family.
That was when he broke. I dont think it was what I said to him that did it, but more the fact that it was over. All of his rage was gone, and he was moving into the grief and despair part of things. I suppose I was feeling pretty fucked up about it all, too, but it wasnt really about me at that moment. Cutty needed someone to be there for him. He needed someone to help him begin to grieve, and I was proud to be that person. 
I sat down on my butt next to him and told him the ugly truth about what was about to happen here as he continued to cradle Rebeccas severed head. We cant leave her like that, Cut. We gotta set her free.
He looked over at me finally and told me, I caint do it. I aint got the stomach for it no mo.
I was curious about what he meant because the comment was so vague. He couldnt do what? Finish Rebecca? Or go on at all?
He kept his composure and that quiet tone that any unstable individual carries in a time like this as I asked him, You need me to do it? I mean, none of us would ever want to do it, but if you need me to do it for you, I will. You just gotta tell me what you need, and Ill see to it.
He huffed derisively at no one in particular and said, I want my Rebecca, Dext. Caint nobody give me that back.
I threw my arm around him. Well, I tried to throw my arm around him, but it only made it about halfway across his shoulders because of the size of him. I really didnt know what to say about that except for, I know, man.
Rebeccas grinding had begun to chip away her teeth, and pieces of them began accumulating on the blade like a fine, white dust. The machete was beginning to loosen its wedge.
Cutty set the head down gently and twisted the steel from its place with a grinding that was worse than nails on a chalkboard. He told me, Do it quick. And dont fuck up her face anymore.
He looked away. 
I pulled my knife from its sheath and said a silent good-bye to Rebecca before jamming it down hard into the top of her head. I struggled a little bit to free it from her skull and wiped it off on my pants before telling Cutty, Shes asleep now.
He didnt turn back to face me right away, but his body shook with his quiet sobbing. I heard him sniffling, so I patted him on his back once more and told him, Im sorry, Cutty. I really am.
We sat there a while. Dunno how long and dont really care. I was just there for him. Kylee would have wanted me to be.
He turned around and opened his mouth to speak as we sat there on that sickening floor, but nothing came out. Instead, he just collapsed on my shoulder, almost knocking me over, and bawled. He cried so fucking hard that it took every ounce of strength I had to stay upright and hold him. When he was done, I helped him to his feet and we walked out of the room, leaving it all behind us. 
He looked at me on the way to the stairs as we passed over the bodies of his earlier attackers and said, You ma Shouldah Nigga now.
I sort of laughed it off and asked him, The fucks a Shouldah Nigga?
He told me, Like a brotha. You lean on a niggas shouldah, and they hold you up when you caint do it yo self. An if you eva need ta lean on me, I got you. Shouldah Niggas. Dats whas up.
There was a loud thunderclap as we approached the truck, and the rain poured down in bucketsa cleansing, refreshing kind of rain that comes with the later days of summer, the kind of rain that passes in a few minutes and leaves the ground steaming and smelling of hot asphalt.
We took the opportunity to call out JC, Murphy, and even Lilly.
They came out and offered solemn nods of apology and hugs of encouragement for Cutty before Murphy tossed us each a bar of soap provided by Cotton before we left town. 
Modesty was a thing of the past. We all stripped naked and showered in the rain, scrubbing the blood from our skin and clothes. The runoff from the corpses in the complex and our own filth trailed a red stream down the road to the southwestsouthwest to Kylee we hoped. 
Seems thats always the case with our little family. You ever wanna find out where we are, just follow the blood.


Entry 104

Birds.
That was Lillys first observation this morning as we stood around the newest sign from Kilo. We were on the main route to Albuquerque, where the landscape opens up to dusty fields on either side of the road, broken up by sporadic patches of trees. There was nothing in sight on the ground level for at least a mile. She pointed off to the west, on the other side of one of those tree lines, at an enormous flock of birds that blacked out the sky a few miles from where we stood.
Murphy spat in the grass and squinted from the sun hitting him in his face as he looked up at them. Must be thousands. Theyre just circling.
Lilly told him, Mommy used to tell me the ones that fly in circles like dead stuff. We used to see them pecking at deer on the side of the road all the time. Thats a lot of them, huh?
JC stepped up beside Lilly and ruffled her hair, having a look for himself. He told us all, Why didnt we ever think of that before? Youre a smart, little kid, Lil.
She smiled up at him with an angelic face. I doubt she had any clue what JC meant by that, and I sure as hell didnt, but the praise made her happy.
Think of what? Theyre birdsbig whoopity-doo-da-day. It didnt strike me as something to pay any attention to. In fact, it was my opinion that we shouldve been paying more attention to the sign than the musings of a five-year-old. I shrugged JC off and asked him, So what? Birds. Whatever.
JC shook his head. Not just birds, man. Watch them.
I stood there and kept an eye on them for a minute or two, but I didnt see anything astonishing. I looked at JC, then back at the birds, then back to JC again before sarcastically saying, Amazing, JC. Truly amazing. Oh, the wonders of nature. Absolutely spectacular!
Cutty interrupted my ballbusting of JC with, An you posed to be da smart one, Dext.
JC winked at me and said, Watch them now He raised his bear to the sky and pulled the trigger.
Boom!
Everyone flinched and took a nervous look around to see if he had drawn us any attention. Luckily nothing changed, and our entire group let out a sigh. I shouted at JC, You fuckin tool! What you do that for?
He put his finger to his lips and shushed me and then pointed back to the birds. 
Murphy exclaimed, Well, fuck me sideways! Look at that shit!
Lilly took Murphys cue and improvised her own little work of art, saying, Son of a damn shit!
I suppose we should have been correcting her for cussing and all that, but it was funny as hell. She didnt even know what she was cussing at or why she was doing it at all. Now that Dana wasnt around to piss and moan about everything, I guess it was up to us to parent her in that sense, but I was all about choosing my battles. I guess we need to decide if were going to let her cuss, should we teach her do it correctly, or what? Or should we not allow it at all. Frankly, I need a laugh every now and again, and that shit never gets old to me.
JC was right, though. I would have thought that the noise would spook them and send them flying away or that theyd ignore it altogether. Instead, the flock slowly but surely began to grow in the sky. They were getting closer, actually approaching us.
The dead are on their way, JC said, now convinced his theory was correct. 
The birds were hovering over who knows how many dumbshits, but we could see them approaching. It was actually quite brilliant if you think about it, using the birds to track the herds. 
Well spotted, Lilly. Not bad, kiddo.
Cutty advised, I suggest we move our asses fo dey get much closer.
Murphy nodded an agreement while still deep in thought at the newest revelation. He added, Ya know, not only can we track them. I bet we can steer them.
It was probably true, but we could speculate on that shit all day long once we were in the relative safety of the truck. Standing on the side of the road with our dicks in the wind was hardly the place for all that. I suggested we vacate the premises.
The sign from Kilo was ominous. It was different from the others wed seen thus far. It was painted completely black and had white writing on it this time.
EXTREME CAUTION! PIRATE TERRITORY!
The entire sign had a huge, red X across itvery strange.
Needless to say, we werent planning on spending any time there, but were definitely going to be staying more alert. Keeping three people in the cab of the truck and one man with Lilly in the trailer seemed like the safest setup if something went wrong. We could only assume that these pirates were just another roving band of raider assholes.


Entry 105

Murphy had given up on the CB radio after Cutty told him, If I gotta listen ta that muhfuckin static any longa, you gon have ta listen ta me whoopin up on yo ass
JC gave a snarky, Would you prefer we put on the soothing sounds of Motown then? A little Al Green as we drive a motherfucking armored tractor trailer through motherfucking postapocalyptic, Middle motherfucking America, Cutty? Would you maybe prefer a little P-Funk All Stars while we look for our motherfucking one-eyed, ex-sniper lady friend in pirate-infested motherfucking territory while we dodge cannibalistic, reanimated motherfucking corpses, perhaps?
I snorted a laugh to myself, but Cutty wasnt amused. He stared at JC blankly as he tried to think of a comeback. Defeated, he sucked his teeth loudly and shot back, Nigga, fuck you! half jokingly. I dont even like P-Funk.
JC was clearly more of a challenge than Junior was when it came to witty banter.
I told Cutty I wasnt much of an Al Green fan, and he said, Ery body like Al Green. Aint nobody ever said they dont like no Al Green
Murphy quieted us down, snapping, All right, knock it off for Christs sake. Yall sound like an old, married couple. How about a piss break?
I was like, Hell. Yes! I had been holdin in a piss for at least an hour, and my eyeballs were beginning to float. 
You girls go on and handle your business, and Ill try the radio Cotton gave us. Who knows? She coulda made it to Kilo by now and be sittin purty.
With Lilly napping in D-Primes trailer along with Fart, who was still recovering from her tail wound, I took JC along with me and left Cutty at the truck with Murphy. JC kicked rocks as we walked a few yards away to take a leak, keeping his bear strapped across his belly and ready to go in an instant. It sounds slightly gay, but I feel safer with JC by my sideno more than Cutty, mind you, but still. We squashed that shit between me and him a while ago, and things have been good since.
On our way back to the truck, he said to me, You really think were gonna find her?
Of course not. In my heart I know Kylees long gonehopefully alive and hopefully safe, but definitely long gone. I lied and told JC, Of course we are. Just a matter of time.
He seemed satisfied with that and nodded before suddenly stopping me by putting his hand on my chest then whipping his rifle to his shoulder. I drew my shit and took up a covering position to his blindside without a second thought. My head was on a swivel, but I had no idea what I was looking for. Nowadays, when your buddies jump, youre just ready to go, no questions asked. Already I was shaking from adrenalin. 
He scanned the area through his scope, eyeing the tree line thoroughly before lowering it. Weird, was all he said.
Whats weird?
He slung the rifle over his shoulder and said, I just got the weirdest feeling, like someone was reading over my shoulder or staring at me from across the room. I feel like Im losin it, man.
He probably needed to sleep. I dont think Ive seen him even take a nap since we lost Rebecca the other day. Cutty prays and then sleeps like a gigantic, snoring baby, but not JC. I think its because he saw it all through his scope. I remember trying to ask him how it happened to her. He wont say it, though. He opened his mouth like he wanted to, but then just shook his head and said, I I just missed. 
I hope he isnt carrying that shit on his shoulders. Rebecca shouldnt have run away. Thats the bottom line for me. Ill never say it to Cutty, but the truth is, she brought that shit on herself. Sure, Cutty said run, but you dont take that shit literally in the middle of a fucking fight. You back off enough to sort your shit out, and then you finish what you started. Rebecca panicked, and she died because of ither fault. Sad but true.
I told JC, Shake it off. That one aint on you.
We got back to the truck in time to see Murphy toss the radio on the passenger seat. I asked him if he heard anything.
Cutty stood below Murphy on the ground and turned to meet us. We aint heard a damn thing, man. Mo fuckin static.
I reminded Murphy about shutting the radio off to save the battery, which he did.
Murphy said, Fellas, Kylee said in that letter to call bullshit when I see it. Well Im callin bullshit. This is hopeless. She could be anywhere right now, and our only lead turned out be a bustone that cost us dearly. We should go back before we find ourselves in another mess.
Cutty sighed heavily and said, I know. I aint wanna admit it, but you right, Murph. We aint got no clue where ta go next. We just drivin along at dis point, wastin gas and riskin lives.
JC threw his arms up as if to say I dunno. He wouldnt have asked me what I thought back there if he wasnt having his own doubts. The simple fact that I didnt think we were going to find her meant all four of us were on the exact same page, but lying to ourselves about it and lying to each other.
All right then. Its settled. Were going back to Cotton, I told them. Anybody got a problem with that?
Beaten and saddened, everyone shook their heads and began to get ready to go.
You guys are pussies!
Everyone stopped in their tracks and looked up to where the voice was heard from. 
Lilly stood atop the trailer with her hair a mess. She clutched her dinosaur and rubbed her eyes before tugging at her twisted pants and shirt to straighten them from her nap. She had climbed the ladder and let herself out through the hatch Murphy made in the top of the trailer for emergenciessomething she wasnt allowed to do, by the way.
Cutty asked her, Uh what was dat, lil miss?
Lilly repeated herself impatiently, I saaaaaaid you guys are pussiesbig, fat, giant pussies.
The four of us just stared at one another in shock. Im not sure if we were shocked at the fact that she disobeyed us by letting herself out, that she pretty much just called us out as cowards, or that she actually used a dirty word in the right contextprobably all of it, really.
As a side note, I was slightly proud of her for cussing correctly. I guess you could call it a dad moment
She continued to light us up, saying, Rebecca would be very mad at you.
JC bowed his head slightly, and Cutty winced at the mention of Rebecca. JC tried to reason with her, saying, Look, kiddo, its dangerous out here, and we dont even know where to look anymore. We could get hurt. You could get hurt. Its just not safe.
Lilly scowled and snapped, Then that means Kylee could get hurt, and shes all by herself. I bet shes scared.
Goddammit, kid
She demanded angrily, We cant leave her alone. She doesnt even have a stuffed animal! I thought you were tough, JC. And you can keep us safe, too, Cutty.
Cutty rolled his head around to stretch his neck uncomfortably, casting his eyes to the sky in thought. It was written all over his face that Rebecca was weighing heavily on his mind, as much as his self-loathing for having failed her.
Cutty told her, Its complicated, baby girl.
Lilly shook her head and retorted, No, its not.
Yeah, it is.
Singing the words slightly, she said, No its nah-ot.
Cutty huffed frustratingly, defeated once again, and this time by a five-year-old.
He told her, Just git yo lil ass back in da traila.
Lilly asked us all, So, were going to get Kylee then, right?
Murphy started to say, No, were n
I cut him off. Yeah. Were gonna keep tryingat least for a little while, Lilly.
You want me to lead, Kylee? You want me to act instead of thinking?
Fine.
But you better not get me killed.


Entry 106

Murphy pulled an arrow from a bernies head this morning that he shot while Cutty was siphoning fuel from an abandoned lawnmower. Every single vehicle weve come across lately is bone dry, and our supplies are dwindling. Weve passed two shopping centers, and theyve been completely wiped out as well. If the entire country were a corpse, these parts of the skeleton have been picked clean by the carrion feeders. 
He wrapped the head of the arrow with a moist piece of rag torn from an old shirt and stashed it in a newer, hand-made quiver he had fashioned himself. These were separate from his other arrows. I asked him about this new behavior.
This is what I call an insurance policy, Sally, he told me without elaborating further.
I pressed him for more info, asking, Insurance policy for what?
He never stopped or looked up from his work, telling me, These clean arrows are for hunting, but these ones here are for the living. We come across any of these raider types or pirates or whatever theyre callin em, we might have a problem on our hands. I may need to shoot that problem, and if I shoot that problem, these arrows here will make sure they aint gonna be livin too far past that. Think of it like a primitive version of biowarfare.
Cutty chimed in with, Murph, yous a sly muhfucka, but that aint gon help us much, man. Gon take too long for dat infection to set in and burn em up. Anybody who hit wit one o dems still gon live long enough to kill yo old, cranky ass.
Murphy threw the quiver over his back as he stood up and said, Then thatll make us about even then, wont it now? He stalked off towards D-Prime without another word to peek in on Lilly.
JC whistled us over to the trailer from his position as lookout. We had him posted on top of it so he could keep an eye on Lilly as well as our scavenging. See, Lilly had been really bummed out about not being able to be outside much or being able to play and all that. I can understand where she was coming from, too. How was it any different than living as a prisoner for her? We fed her, clothed her, and kept her locked in the trailer. Thats a pretty fucked-up analogy when you think about it. We were keeping her captive in the name of her own safety. 
Now, the guys didnt really seem to care about looking at it that waynot because they were heartless pricks, but more because they just felt her safety trumped everything else. 
My solution?
We make her an area to play every time we stop. Does it take extra time and effort to push cars and shit into position? Yes. Does it take extra energy to form those cars or whatever into a ring to block her in safely? Yes. Do I mind doing it? Absolutely not. Shes a kid, not a prisoner. And if any of the others bitch and moan about it, tough shit. I made the call. Ill do it myself if I have to.
JC hopped down in a few jumps from atop the trailer, holding the radio and grinning widely. I got em! They heard us!
We met him in the ring of vehicles along with Lilly, and he tossed the radio to Murphy, who caught it skeptically. There was a long, intense pause for all of us as Murphy inhaled deeply and pushed the button. Hello. Can anyone hear this? he said, clearly and concisely.
Immediately following the static of Murphys button release, we heard the response, Identify yourselves.
My heart dropped into my stomach. Finally! After all this time! Kilo fuckin company, baby!
Murphy cleared his throat and made every attempt to hide his own excitement before responding with, We are survivors. We have no injuries to speak of, but we are dangerously low on supplies. Can you help us?
The voice crackled, How many are you?
Murphy looked at us as if to ask us what we were going to say. Cutty nudged him to respond, but Murphy hesitated.
JC told Murphy, Answer em!
Murphy sighed slightly and said, What about Kylee?
Shit. In my own excitement, I had nearly forgotten about that. This was our shot! This was what wed waited for all this time and been running towards for I dont know how long!
I told Murphy, Tell them everything! Tell them about Kylee and that were looking for her. See if they can meet us. See if they can help us find her.
Murphy said, And what if they wont? What if they tell us they can get us outta here, but they cant help us with anything else? What then?
I looked at JC to get my back here. He chewed his lip impatiently and said, Look, if nothing else we can get Lilly dumped off and safemaybe get some supplies, some ammo.
Lilly actually stood quietly for once. Her little ears were picking up everything, thoughno doubt.
Cutty broke his silence and said, Im wit dat. At least we know dey close. Les just get wit em and go from there.
Murphy nodded and pressed the button again, There are five of us.
The voice came back with, Do you have women and children?
Murphy replied, Yes. One child. No women.
Cutty frowned.
There was a long pause. It was really uncomfortable, too, because it felt like we could lose them at any second. Thats just how our luck had been, ya know? But they came back, finally saying, Where are you?
Murphy knew the map better than any of us, so he relayed some landmarks and our general direction of travel. The voice responded, saying, Continue your direction of travel for three miles. Turn left at the old tractor depot, and look for the business park. Well wait for you there. Clear this channel until we contact you further.
Murphy replied in the affirmative and told us, Lets go.
I cant believe weve finally found them! Wyatt and Fool would be so happy right now. Trey and Rebecca would be, too. Would have been nice to reunite Fool with some of his buddies, but at least we can drop his name. Perhaps theyll be more willing to help if they know we ran with one of their own for a while.
Well meet up with them, get sorted out, get Lilly safe, and see about getting some help finding Kylee.


Entry 107

Im sure that at some point in everyones life they wonder how theyre going to go. There are countless ways that a life can come to an end. Most, I assume, hope to go quietly and peacefully in their sleep or some shit because thats the least scary; most wont. Before the outbreak, the worries were things like cancer, or accidents, or the random violent crime. After the dead returned, the obvious fear was being torn apart or, even worse, becoming one of them. Now, we not only have to worry about all that, but also about the living and what they are capable of. We have to worry about starvation, and sickness of any sort can become a death sentence. We were perched atop the food chain, and modern medicine was a wonder of the ages. We were complacent and lazy.
Thoughts of taking another persons life, for me anyway, passed only in extreme cases of anger and frustration, but even then I knew I would never actually do it. It just never seemed worth it to spend the rest of my life in jail or living with some haunting guilt. When Wyatt and I killed Gunner at the Haven, I never lost any sleep over it. That was a kill-or-be-killed situation self-defense, clearly. I dont know what you would call our actions today. All I do know is that a haunting guilt will follow me forever now.
We were stupid, blinded by hope and deaf to our own reasoning. I suppose thats natural given the road we have traveled for so long, but inexcusable in our naivety. 
We followed the directions of Kilo to the letter and pulled into the business park. A random selection of military vehicles sat parked sloppily along the corridor of garage-style doors owned by the various companies that had once leased space here. A handful of men, maybe ten or so, in military fatigues patrolled the rooftops as a huge, lumbering wrecker with an enormous tow setup on the rear pulled forward slightly to bar the entrance; the fencing around the park had no gate. The perimeter was secure, but there were only a few men on the ground level with us. These men were in civilian clothes.
Murphy honked the horn and gave a friendly wave as one of the men pointed for us to pull in further. He held up a hand to stop us and then motioned for Murphy to lower the window to speak.
Exit the vehicle, and have all parties assemble in front for inspection, he told Murphy. It sounded very official.
We complied. 
Murphy opened his mouth to greet the man, but was interrupted abruptly when the dude said, You have a child, yes?
Cutty told the guy, Yeah. She in da back.
The man nodded and said, You stay here. Then he eyed up JC before telling him, You, bring out the child.
JC sprinted to the trailer and returned within seconds with Lilly and Fart. Lilly clung to him, gripping his pants tightly, and Fart walked cautiously with her head held low.
The man took a quick headcount and nodded, saying, You have food and ammunition in the trailer, yes?
Murphy nodded in the affirmative and told him, Yeah. Everything we have is in that truck and on our bodies.
The man sized us up and finally replied with, Stay here. He stalked off and waved at the other men on the ground level, who followed him as he disappeared into one of the doors on our left. The door closed, and there was just awkward silence. The military men on the rooftops simply looked down at us curiously.
Then the garage doors opened. We were overtaken by the gargles and wails of the dead as a cloud of flies spilled forth from the darkness of the rooms followed by countless geeks. They spotted us and moved into the daylight with their decaying hands outstretched, gnashing their teeth.
JC swung his bear around and snapped, Fuck! Protect Lilly! He took three shots in rapid succession, dropping two of the approaching horde.
Cutty scooped up a screaming Lilly and tossed her onto the hood of D-Prime, telling her, Hang in dere, baby girl. We gotcha. Then he drew his blades and stepped forward to protect the rest of us. 
I drew and took a knee for stability, joining JC in the gunfire, as Murphy began drawing and releasing arrows as fast as he could. We were downing them, but they just kept spilling out. Cutty ran a few steps forward and thrust his boot into the chest of one of the ones out front, sending it tumbling backwards. It fell into the others behind, and they dropped like bowling pins. I could make out Cutty hacking into a few on the ground before he had to fall back to us.
As the gap between us narrowed, Fart latched her jaws onto the arm of one and shook it so hard the entire thing came apart at the elbow. She didnt even know it as she whipped the severed limb around in her mouth. Murphy shouted at the marines above us, Fuckin do something, Goddammit!
Nothing. They were actually cheering, those fuckers.
JC warned us all, Im goin out! before flipping a switch on his bear. Cutty, back up!
He squeezed and held his trigger, opening up that rifle on full automatic. Spraying round after round into the crowd of bernies, the barrage sent gray hunks of brain mixed with black-red blood streaming into the surrounding air and halving their numbers before he lowered the barrel and shouted, Thats it! Im out. Im out!
I let loose the last rounds in my own mag as well and reached in my belt to reload.
Fuck! All the other ammo was in the trailer! I took off down the side of the trailer, shouting to the others, Ammo run! Im on it. I had made it about halfway down the side of D-Prime when I heard two loud shots from above meboom, boom. 
Two rounds hit the ground at my feet, stopping me in my tracks and sending chunks of asphalt into the side of D-Prime. I looked up to see one of the military men with his rifle shouldered and smoking above my head. He shook his head no. I ignored his warning and maintained eye contact with him as I made a move forward again. He twitched just enough to let me know he would shoot me if I went for it. I drew my knife and sprinted back to the others empty handed.
JC was stabbing geeks in the face with his bayonet as Cutty swung in his wild, yet calculated style dropping some to the ground without limbs and others with gigantic splits in their heads.
I left the three of them to the task of the shamblers and began stabbing the crawlers and the severed heads. In minutes, the tides had turned and we were polishing off the last of them. As silence fell on the lot and the whooping of the men above trailed off into nothing more than a murmur, we gathered ourselves once again. We were winded and tired, but everyone was all right.
The men above stood motionless as Murphy shouted angrily, Fuck you! You pieces of shit! He drew an arrow from his secondary quiver and took aim at one of the men above, holding him in his sights.
Just then, one of the doors swung open to our left, and the form of female emerged followed by about six or seven guys. She had a length of steel pipe tucked under her armpit and a pistol on her hip while the others were armed with various types of rifles. She approached us, clapping slowly, saying, Bravo! Bra-fucking-vo! Now drop your weapons.
I was ill. I remember thinking, This is it. This is how Im going to die. We did as we were told, except for Murphy. He stood firm.
Cutty whispered harshly to him as the woman and her entourage approached us, Drop it, Murph. They gon kill us if we dont.
Murphy said flatly, Were already dead He released his bowstring and sent the arrow hissing up into the sky. It stuck in the hip of his target, causing the man to let out a shriek of pain as he clutched the wound and dropped to his knees. Two of the other men drug him back out of sight as one of the men in the entourage hit Murphy across his jaw with the butt of a rifle. Murphy dropped to a knee, sputtering blood from his mouth. JC crouched to check on Murphy, who grabbed Farts collar just in time to keep her from lashing out at the assailant.
The nameless woman raised her hand and shouted, Dont shoot them yet!
She sauntered over to us, where I was able to get a good look at her. She was dressed in the ragged clothes of a survivor, and her stringy, brown hair hung around her face, greasy and filthy. She looked down at Murphy and Fart with her head cocked curiously to the side. That wasnt very nice now, was it? she said callously.
The men around her collected our weapons and left us standing there helpless before backing away once more. She asked us, Whered you come from?
Cutty coldly answered her, The road.
She shook her head, clearly unimpressed, and told him, Youre lying. Then she raised her pipe above her head and brought it down in a crushing blow on Farts head. Our dog instantly fell to the ground with a gaping wound and began thrashing around in a bloody seizure. Her tongue hung out of her mouth as she violently shook, whining uncontrollably.
Murphy shrieked, No! and clutched his girl with Lilly squealing behind us in horror. He wept as the seizure deteriorated into shivering death throws and she was gone. 
The woman spat on the corpse and said teasingly, I hate liars.
There was a brief struggle between us and the men as our emotions got the best of us, but we were outmanned and outgunned. We ended up getting the shit kicked out of us. They had us on our knees in total submission.
One of the men called to her from behind D-Prime, Bianca, you should see this thing! Theyve got it set up like a damn apartment! Theres all kinds of shit in here!
She smirked arrogantly and said, You aint smart enough or tough enough to do this all on your own. Ill ask again. Where are you from? Where did you get this?
Cutty looked at her through a swollen eye and said, Bitch, fuck you. You aint shit. He spat a wad of blood on the ground.
JC raised his voice to address the men on the rooftops, saying, Youre marines! Youre supposed to be helping people! The fuck is wrong with you?
Correction! Bianca snapped. Some of them were marines. And some army. And whatever. These men have come to their senses. No longer do they fight for a dead country that doesnt appreciate them. Sure, some of the others that were with them kept going, kept evacuating, kept riding around following orders but these are the smart ones. These are the men that decided to stop living the lie.
She shot a glance to one of the men on the roof and shouted, Jansen! When was the last time you saw a paycheck?
The man shouted down, Cant remember! Too long!
She shouted, When was the last time you saw your family?
He answered, What family?
She had made her point. These guys here gave zero fucks about honor and humanity. They were pirates nownothing more.
She turned her attention back to us now with, Last time, now. Tell me something.
No one said a word. We just waited to die.
She gave a slight pause to think before shoving past us to the hood of D-Prime. She reached up and roughly grabbed Lilly by the hair, dragging her forcefully down to the ground. She then drug Lilly kicking and screaming to the front where we could see her, tossed her pipe to the side, and drew her pistol.
I swear, I wanted to puke. I had tunnel vision, so I have no clue if the others protested in any way.
Bianca kicked Lilly in the back of the knees to drop her to the asphalt and pressed the gun to Lillys head. You tell me something, or so help me Ill kill this little brat right in front of you like I did that mutt.
Lilly stared into my eyes, crying and petrified. I lost my nerve and cracked first.
Theres a town three days drive northeast. You can see it on the map. They have everything you could ever want. They set us up and sent us on our way.
The word vomit just spewed from my mouth as I knelt there selling out what could possibly be the last decent people on earth to save our Lilly. I couldnt stop. I told them about Cotton and Harris and how they were set upall of it.
Bianca smiled and kicked Lilly towards me. Lilly fell into my arms, weeping. I just wrapped her up and rocked her.
Kill them, Bianca said as she began walking back to the building.
A man in uniform drew a pistol and leveled it to Cuttys head. Cutty shut his eyes tightly, but said nothing otherwise.
Giacomo Fulci! JC yelled the name again, Giacomo Fulci!
The man with the gun to Cuttys head stopped and asked curiously, Whatchu know bout Fool?
JC looked up at the guy and told him, Hes a friend. He ran with us for a good, long while after you guys separated. He survived that night the truck with all the bernies flipped. Told us all about it.
The guy lowered his gun and asked JC, He still alive?
JC lied. Yeah, man. Hes good. Hes back at that town. He said all you guys were good people. I want to believe that. Dont kill us, man. You already have all our shit. We got nothing left.
Bianca turned around and said, Thats right. We have all your shit, and youre dead without it. I figured Id do you a favor and make it quick.
The former marine asked Bianca sincerely, Do we have to?
Bianca thought it through for a second or two before answering him with, I dont give a fuck what you do with them. Just get em out of my sight. Well hang around here for the next two or three days, then were leaving for this little town. Sounds like were about to hit the jackpot, boys, and I wanna be there by the end of the week.
The men all whooped eagerly and cheered at the prospect as they led us away from Farts lifeless body and into the covered bed of a military vehicle. We were driven a few miles away from the business park and dumped off at an old barn. The one Bianca called Jansen dumped our weapons at our feet, but nothing more. No food. No water. No ammo. No transportation. Nothing. 
Best of luck to ya, he said with heartless sarcasm before they sped away in the truck, kicking us with dust and bits of gravel.
We have nothing left but one another. Were alive, but maybe Bianca was right. She would have been doing us a favor. 
I have the blood of an entire community on my hands. 


Entry 108

This is impossible. Our weapons are completely useless, save for the blades, and that means we have to get close to them. Getting close to them means the chances of a bite have increased tenfold. More importantly, were crippled in terms of transportation, and this bitch, Bianca, has seen to it that every resource in the surrounding area is dried up. It never ceases to amaze me how greedy and thoughtless our species has become. Even in these trying times, no one can seem to stand together for a greater good. I mean, all we do is consume, consume, consume. For some reason they have to have it all instead of just what they need.
The biggest thing on my mind right now is that we all fought so hard to change JCs mind. We hated him for that survival of the fittest mindset. We told him he was wrong to think only of himself and our group, that he should be mindful of the other people out there trying just as hard as we are to provide for themselves and to survive. And look at us now. 
We shouldve been ruthlessnot because we want to be ruthless, but because it is now crystal clear that we have to be that way if we want to continue on. Problem is that if we go that route from here on, we could miss out on people like Murphy or Trey in the future. I suppose, theoretically, we could just kill anyone we come across to save any trouble. We could steal, pillage, and lay waste to everything thats left, but what does that accomplish besides a further breakdown of what makes us human? What will that do to help us as a species rebuild and thrive? 
Perhaps this is the time for our extinction. Perhaps this is natures way of telling us we fucked up. Shit, man, maybe there is a God up there somewhere, and hes just fed up with how shitty we are.
So, what really sets us apart from any other animal out there now? It used to be that we cared for one another. It used to be that we harnessed our intelligence to build and create beautiful things, and we used to lend a helping hand to those less fortunate. Sure, there was always this seedy underbelly of assholes and foul regimes, but on the whole we were good. And that good was what made us strong enough to fight the bad. Sadly, those days seem to be at an end.
What about Lilly? So sweet, so innocent, so vulnerableshe doesnt deserve to live in this world. She doesnt have an evil bone in her body. No. That type of shit is taught. That ugliness is passed down and nurtured over time through experiences. The question still remains, though. What about Lilly? Do we teach her kindness and thoughtfulness so that she can be once again stripped of everything she owns and has earned? Do we teach her that everyone left on this planet is a threat that is to be eliminated without emotion? Because if we dont prepare her, shes going to end up dead or worse. No. If we teach her anything, it will have to be that she needs to be good only to a point. She needs to be aware that she is a rare breed and that she needs to put others ahead of herself only until an outside party threatens whats hers. If that ever happens, she can never hesitate to unleash the beast. 
You know, there was a time when I despised Kate. I only knew her for a short time, but she affected me so strongly by taking Hopes life and her own. She left Wyatt alone in this world with a raggedy group of strangers to fight every step of the way for his lifea life that was cut tragically short. I hated everything about that and everything about her.
But now I see it clearly. She spared Hope the horrors of this life, and if she believed in a higher power, which Im sure she did, she gave Hope heaven instead of this hell we live in. Whats more motherly than that? She took her own life in an effort to not only avoid the guilt of what she had done, but also so she could be with her little girl and Chuck in the heaven she so strongly felt was there. Even if the stories are true and she couldnt go to that heaven of hers because she took her own life, her little girl didnt have to suffer anymore. Kate was just trying to be a good mother by protecting her baby from this.
Lilly doesnt deserve this.
I see her sleeping right now like a little angel. She used to snuggle up with Fart by her side and sleep soundly, but now she tosses and turns. She complains that shes cold and hungry and uncomfortable. We have nothing. She has nothing. Id be lying if I didnt confess that I think about setting her free sometimes, like Kate. I cant bring myself to do it, but I think about it. It would have to be quick and painless for her, obviously. I just cant do it. I dont have the balls
Im fucking starving, too. We havent eaten since the day before we came across Bianca and the others, but its not just that. Ive missed many meals since the beginning, but this time its different because there is no end in sight. I feel so desperate. I have the others, but I feel alone.
Murphy is fletching some new arrows for himself, and hopefully hell have better luck hunting in the morning than he did last time. He hasnt said a word to anyone about Fart or anything. Hes just keeping his head in his work. JC refuses to take his eyes off Lilly, so that seems to be his new role. He will destroy any threat to Lilly by any means necessary, which is probably another reason why I havent acted on my thoughts yet. Cutty keeps watch even when its not his turn. I offered to stand guard for a while as the others rested in the empty hayloft, above ground level, but he politely refused. I decided to write instead, since this may be it for a while. My pen is nearly out of ink, and my spare is back there with D-Prime.
Ive never prayed before. Sure, I can be heard saying, God, I hope, or, Thank God, from time to time, but that was more just a figure of speech Id heard often growing up. 
Ive never actually prayed. 
Until now. 


Entry 109

Life has a way of fucking with your emotions. I dont care what you attribute it to, whether its Karma, prayer, luck, divine intervention, or just plain randomness. Either way, shit happens with a strange sort of purpose every once in a while, and those things leave you feeling hopeful, sometimes grateful.
Last night was spent living like cattle in a filthy barn, hungry and depressed. The dead wandered in on two occasions, but Cutty kept them at bay quietly. Wed burn the bodies, but we have no way of making fire at the moment. Im sure I could probably figure out a way, but it just doesnt seem worth it. The calories that Id burn in the process of gathering the materials, constructing some sort of friction device, and then working up the spark would better be spent looking for actual food. Those bodies will simply have to rot, period.
We gathered at the front of the barn and chatted about the next move. Murphy suggested, Theres gotta be deer around here, but we may be better off goin after some smaller game. If we plan on staying here another night or two, I can put up some traps as well.
Cutty told him, No tellin how many be in da woods, though. Dont want you goin out on ya own. You gon need ta be lookin out fo food, but you aint da only one huntin in dese woods, ya heard?
Murphy grunted. He was clearly frustrated, but Cutty was right. It would be too easy to get involved tracking game and lose sight of the fact that there are bernies lurkin around. The smell of decay doesnt really jump out at us like it used to. I remember a time when I could tell if there was a geek within twenty paces, but nowadays its just another smell in the background like car exhaust or shitty Chinese food at the mall. Matter of fact, some of these geeks lately are so decayed that the maggots and bacteria are through with them. As weve moved into the somewhat drier climates of the middle states, theyve been a little different. Many of the ones out here are like cured, dried meat. Bottom line is that Murphy needs another pair of eyes if hes hunting.
JC stated flatly, Whos going with Murphy then?
I suggested that JC go, but he shot it down immediately, saying, Not leaving Lilly.
That left me and Cutty. I offered to go with Murphy. Ive always liked Murphys company over JCs anyway.
Cutty said, Aight den. Yall two get goin. We hungry den a muhfucka out dis bitch.
Lilly tugged on JCs shirt and motioned for him to bend down. He knelt beside her, and she leaned in to whisper something in his ear. His face went slightly pale, and he swallowed hard as he tried to process what she told him and how to explain it to us. He failed, saying, She, uhhh I mean, her ummmm Shes
Murphy snapped, Spit it out, boy.
Lilly huffed at JCs stammering and announced, My suzie hurts.
Ummmmm what?
We all just stared blankly at one another until she repeated a little more urgently, My suzie hurts. It burns.
JC blushed and shrugged at us, clearly at a loss. I dont think any of us were really prepared to deal with any lady parts. That would easily have been Dana or Rebeccas department, but neither of those were an option right then, obviously.
I said to the guys, Murphy should have a look.
He instantly protested, saying, Absolutely not. Im not that kind of doctor.
Cutty argued, Yeah, but you da only one with any sorta trainin on dat shit. You da only one we got right now.
Lilly squirmed uncomfortably and whimpered as she tugged at her junk, leaving us all feeling equally as helpless. Murphy scowled at the rest of us before dropping his bow to the ground. Goddammit, fine, he huffed.
JC took off his shirt and laid it on the ground. I couldnt help but notice his ribs were clearly visible beneath the skin. I told him, Yo, you dont look too good, man. We gotta get you fed.
He scoffed and told me, It aint me Im worried about. You two just make sure you catch something today.
Murphy asked him, Whens the last time you ate? I know weve been making sure everyone gets a fair share of what we had up til now.
JC simply gestured to Lilly. Seems hed been giving nearly every portion of his own to her. We left it at that.
Lilly sat down on the shirt, and Murphy uneasily helped her wiggle out of her pants. Lilly told him firmly, Dont touch it!
Murphy peeked down to have a look as the rest of us sort of stood there uncomfortably, dumbfounded. He moved to touch the area, and Lilly squealed, No! No! Dont touch it please! It hurts. She started to cry at the thought of it.
Murphy calmly explained, Lilly, I know it hurts, honey, but I have to get a good look at it to see whats wrong. Try and just look at the sky and relax. Ill be quick.
She eased her tension a bit, and Murphy took a quick peek before sighing heavily. He looked up at us and said, Looks like a yeast infection, and its bad. Sanitation aint what it used to be, but we gotta get this sorted out before it gets worse.
Before I could wrap my head around the fact that Lilly needed medicine for her vajay-jay, I heard the unmistakable click-clack of a shotgun.
All right, you sick fucks. Stand up slowly, and back away from that little girl so I can see the look on your rapist faces when I shoot your dicks off.
A man in his late forties stood behind us carrying his short, sawed-off shotgun in a most peculiar manner. He had it wedged against his right hip, finger on the trigger, with the muzzle laid across his opposite forearm. His left hand was gone altogether. Instead, it was a modern-day, prosthetic hooknot the sharp kind, but more like the rounded edged ones that can pinch shit or whatever. His hook was pinching the stub of a lit cigar that kept his face mostly hidden from our view with its smoke.
We backed off with arms outstretched as Murphy got to his feet, leaving Lilly exposed. She covered herself up and jumped to her own feet, pulling up her pants. Murphy started to say, Hey, hey, mister this aint what it looks like
The man cut him off and snapped, Get your asses over there. Ima enjoy this.
Cutty told him, Eeeeeasy, mista. Dat girl wit us. We was tendin to her
Again, he cut us off. Shut up, jig. She aint with you anymore. I done had about enough of you people and that bitch, Bianca. Yall gone too far this time. Now step aside. 
He motioned for Lilly to approach him, but she clung to JC for dear life. She told him, Please dont hurt them, mister. Theyre my friends.
The man stepped forward out of the cloud of cigar smoke and told Lilly, Dont nobody be needin friends like that, darlin. You come on over now, and Ill make sure they never touch you again.
Lilly said, You dont like Bianca either, huh? She killed our dog, and she took all our stuff. I hate her. She even took my dinosaur.
The man turned his attention to JC with, Start explaining, and dont mince words with me, ya hear? Get to the point.
JC laid it on the table. This is Lilly. Im JC. Thats Murphy, Dext, and Cutty. We had a run in with Bianca and her people. They robbed us of everything, killed one of our own, and threatened to kill Lilly here. She needs medicine for her umm privates and we all need food. We can handle ourselves if you worried about us being a burden.
The man brought the cigar up to his mouth before returning his hooked arm to level the shotgun again. He spoke around the smoking stub, saying, Youre a burden already. If you could handle yourselves, you wouldnt be asking me for help now, would ya? But I spose I could spare some things if youd be willing to do something for me.
Cutty spoke up, saying, Nuh-uh. We done played dis game one too many times, mista. Last time we had ta do a favor, we ended up losin mo den we gained.
The man simply cradled his shotgun across his chest and replied, Suit yourselves, as he turned around and began to walk off into the woods.
I called out to stop him, saying, Hey! Why dont you tell us what you want first? Then well decide.
He turned around and told us, Take a moment to gather your things. Well discuss it over lunch. Theres somebody you need to meet.
As we began to break camp, Murphy asked the guy, Whats your name?
The man smirked and held up his prosthetic. Hook.
Go fuckin figure 
Pirates and a dude named Hook. 
I couldnt make this shit up if I tried.


Entry 110

Hooks a bit of a talker. He chattered away the entire time we hoofed it through the sparse woods for what seemed like an eternity. He regaled us with tales of his former days as an old-school marine and made it a point to be as graphic as possible while he explained the loss of his arm from the elbow down to an IED. These hajis put those half-assed things everywhere. Sumbitches didnt care about anything. Welp, we hit the top o that ridge, and I seen a little kid, maybe ten or eleven years old, and hes layin there sorta propped up on a rock. I aint gonna leave no kid behind if I think hes injured, towel-head or otherwise, so I made my approach to check his status. That was when I blacked out. I came to in the back o the Hummer with bits and pieces of me spread all over the place. 
He paused a moment to chuckle right then. It felt uncomfortable, but it was clear hed told the story hundreds of times. Im tellin ya, my arm was spoutin blood like a Goddamn fire hosenot to mention I had half a pound of shrapnel all up and down this side of my body burns, the whole nine yards. Turns out those hajis rigged up that kid for no other reason than to blow me to smithereens.
He laughed almost boisterously, saying, Know what I did? I stuck my good arm out the back o that Hummer and flipped ol haji the bird. You aint gonna kill me that easy, ya sumbitches!
We kept Lilly in the middle of our group as we walked off of the game trail and further into a more brushy area of the woods. It was here that Lilly said, Ewww! Something stinks!
JC and Cutty made stank faces, with Cutty exclaiming, Oh lawd! Nigga, it smell like skunk out dis bitch.
It was about then that I realized exactly what it was we were smelling. Spread before us was a lush, green plot of land in a small clearing filled with more weed than you could imagineand I dont mean weeds like dandelions and shit. Im talking about weeeeed.
Hook clamped his prosthetic onto one of the first plants and drew his blade with the other, sawing the plant off at the bottom. Murphy grinned and said, Mother of God
JC quipped, Oh, wonderful. Cheech and Chong here are gonna have a smoke-out while we play Dodge the Dead in bumfuck nowhere.
Hook told JC, It aint about catchin a buzz, dickhead. I need my meds. Six years of bullshit painkillers had me addicted to em, and I still couldnt sleep at night. Hajis might notta killed me, but the ol body aint been the same since, as you mighta noticed. Then I discovered this little lifesaver. I been growin my own meds out here in the sticks ever since, and if the law never got me, then these stenches aint gonna get me neither.
He turned to Cutty and said, You. Start swingin them machetes so we can get this done. We need to get back to the others.
I wanted to interject at the mention of others, but I didnt really get the chance. Hook was apparently a man with a short fuse.
Cutty scoffed and informed Hook, I aint no field nigga, nigga. Cut ya own shit. 
Hook tossed his knife down, sticking it into the ground, and popped up. He stood nose to nose with Cutty, telling him, I done told you, Ima open my house to you people and get you the medicine you need for that little girl o yours. I done also told you that I can feed your sorry asses, and all you gotta do is one little favor. Now, boy, just what the fuck is your problem?
Cutty shoved him away and warned him, I dont like yo tone, an Ima bust yo shit, you call me boy one mo gain.
Hook stepped into Cuttys huge frame, tripping him up and sending him to the ground hard. As Cutty was on his way down, Hook grabbed hold of one of Cuttys machetes, and it unsheathed. In the blink of an eye, he was perched atop Cutty. He had the blade in his good hand at Cuttys throat, and he had Cuttys nose firmly pinched in his hook, pulling it painfully.
JC had his bayonet at Hooks throat before a single word was spoken, and I, too, had my knife drawn. He stood up laughing and offered to help Cutty to his feet, saying, Yep. I still got it.
Cutty took the hand and dusted himself off, shooting us a what the fuck sort of look.
Murphy asked, You girls done makin out or what? Lets cut this shit down and get the hell outta here.
Anyway, Hook made his point. We helped him cut down a few of the plants and began walking again, this time in a slightly different direction. I guess it was another mile or so. We reached the cabin after about the third round of Lilly whining, Are we there yet?
We were met at the door by a woman in her thirties, I guessa real cutie, too. She greeted Hook with, About damn time, Alex! I was getting worried. She crossed her arms defensively and shot us a look, snapping, Who the fuck are you people?
He passed off a handful of plants, which she accepted without a second thought, and told her, Alyse, I think these are the people that girl was talking about. Mind bringing her out?
Alyse eyed us up and huffed, Hmph! Small world.
Murphy muttered, Gettin smaller every day.
She laid the plants inside the door and called out, Kylee! I think youre gonna wanna come see this.
It was as if the clouds parted and the sun beamed down upon our ragtag little group for a moment as Kylee emerged from inside the house. She was dressed in civilian clothes with her hair pulled up into a tight bun. She was clean, put together, and in good health. Her hand was healed up, and she looked fed and well rested. She took one look at us through her good eye and burst into tears. Shit, we probably looked like some cheesy, emotional Lifetime movie as we took turns hugging her and smiling through misty eyes.
Kylee took a silent headcount and spoke first, asking Cutty, Rebecca?
Cutty sniffled, blinked to clear his vision, and shook his head, leaving Kylee to cover her mouth in shock. She managed to say, Oh, Im so sorryso sorry.
He shook it off as if to say Now isnt the time to discuss it. Alyse told us, Come inside.
Hook seconded that with, Yeah, lets take this little reunion indoors and see to the kid.
We went inside and were pleased to find a rather comfortable and well-furnished interior, which contrasted starkly to the fortified exterior, what with the barricaded windows and such. It was safe, though, and Alyse made it a point to keep it that way as she barred the door behind us with a huge six-by-six piece of lumber. She told us unceremoniously, Leave your weapons here. Go straight back and strip. Ill bring you hot water and some towels in a bit so you can get cleaned up.
JC nodded a pleased agreement and told Alyse, Lilly here has a bit of a feminine thing going on down there. Hook says you may be able to help her with that.
Alyse chuckled slightly at JCs phrasing and fluttered her eyes at him, saying, I can take care of that, I think. She then turned her attention to Hook and said, Hook? Really, Alex? Youve been trying to get that name to stick since you lost the damn thing. One of these days youll realize how lame it is to make up your own nickname. Then she winked at JC.
I swear JC must have a tracking beam in his pants that only attracts women. Five minutes and he already had her wrapped. If I wasnt such a hater, Id probably ask him for his secret.
I turned to Kylee to tell her about what weve been through since we parted ways at the community, but she just gave me a soft smile and said, Just stop. I cant even imagine. Go clean up, and we can figure it all out. You look like shit.
I told her, I feel like shit. Im really glad youre okay, though. You are okay, right?
She nodded solemnly. It was as if she already knew we left Cotton and the others only to come after her. It was a nod of silent appreciation, but also one of guilt. With tight lips and tears once again filling her eyes, she left me with nothing else to say.
I have a feeling that its going to be another crazy night, but at least this time theres food, were clean, and were safe. I wish I could say the same for Cotton and the rest of the community, though. Around this time tomorrow, Bianca and her pirates will be descending on them. That one is on me. 


Entry 111

We sat down to the first hot meal in I dont know how long and didnt speak a single word until everything on the serving platter was gone. I never thought Id actually enjoy eating a rabbit until now. It was really good. I sat there stuffing my face greedily, feeling like a million bucks, freshly cleaned up, changed, and in good spirits.
Hook rolled himself a fatty and sat low in his chair as he sparked it up, filling the room with a funky smell of pine and dog shit. He idly blew smoke rings, holding his spliff in his hook. JC somewhat gruffly asked him, Do you really need to smoke that shit right in front of her? as he gestured to Lilly.
Hook smirked and shot back, Do you always tell a man what to do in his own home?
With tightlipped frustration, JC looked at Lilly then responded with, When it comes to her, I do whatever needs to be done. And just to be clear, I didnt tell you to do anything, I just asked.
Hook blew an enormous cloud of smoke into the air before butting out the spliff on his empty plate. I can respect that, he said with a nod.
Alyse began clearing away the dishes. Cutty stood up and began gathering ours to help her out, but she told him, Sit down, hon. I can handle it.
Cutty told her politely, Mama raised a gentleman. Aint no reason to do dis stuff alone when otha hands around to help out. Yall been more than kind to us and Kylee.
Alyse waved it off and offered, Suit yourself. Though, I actually kind of miss taking care of a family. Reminds me of our big Sunday dinners when everyone would get together. Besides, we have good reason to be kind to Kylee. And anyone thats a friend to her is a friend to us.
Hook joked, Speak for yourself. 
She rolled her eyes at him and headed to the sink with the dishes. The sink wasnt really a sink anymore. Running water stopped ages ago, so it was more of a wash bin these days. One side was filled with water from what I can only assume was a nearby spring. The other side was kept empty. She hummed to herself as she began washing them while Cutty brought the last of the silverware to her.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Murphy drop a scrap of food on the floor for Fart. He bowed his head, wincing slightly, as he once again realized she wasnt there to gobble it up. I put a reassuring hand on his shoulder, letting him know he wasnt alone in his grief.
Hooks demeanor changed from his usual joviality to a more concerned and focused vibe. He told us all, Kylee, here, got us out of a jam not too long ago. Shes good people, as you already know. That means yall are likely good peoplepeople that might be willing to do us a favor
Murphy cut him off, saying, Enough with the ass-kissing about good people. We got just as much blood on our hands as the next. Nobodys good anymore. Some are just worse than others.
Hook chuckled and told Murphy, Well, I cant argue with ya there, bud. But aint nobody as bad as Bianca. I imagine yall can attest to that. After your run-in with her and those bastards she calls her pirates, I spose I owe yall an apology.
JC raised a curious eyebrow and asked, Apology? For what?
At this point, Kylee raised a hand and interjected, saying, Actually, I think I owe them the apology. I think we have a case of mistaken identity here.
Cutty, approaching us from the sink, had enough by this point and snapped, Nuff wit all da bullshit. Can we get to da point? Lilly tried to say something, but Cutty stopped her with, Not now, baby girl. Grown folk talkin. She huffed and pouted, muttering something about not a baby, but said nothing further.
Kylee continued, saying, I spotted Bianca and the others a day or two before I met Alyse and Alex er  Hook. I tailed them and picked up the few scraps they left behind as they scavenged because it seemed like a good idea. Shit, they made it easy. Theyd clear the dead, take whatever, and Id come in behind them and get the scraps.
Alyse chimed in, Easy until they tried to rob us, that is. Good thing Kylee was watching them, or wed likely be dead right now. I knew going into town was a bad idea, but that wasnt what we had in mind. My big brother here has always looked out for me, but there wasnt much we could do against those kinds of numbers.
Kylee picked up where Alyse left off. I saw that they were in trouble, so I tried to take a shot from about two hundred yards out. If this Goddamn eye of mine wasnt worthless, Id have been able to drop three or four of them easy, but I missed terribly. Regardless, they all took off.
Alyse said over shoulder, She saved our lives.
Kylee dismissed it, saying, I just did what anyone shouldve done. The problem is, Bianca probably thinks you guys did the shooting. Thats why she was so heavy handed with you. Im so sorry, Murphy. I didnt know
Murphy took a deep breath as he considered the implications before saying, Look. Whats done is done. If you didnt know, you didnt know, but whats all this talk about a favor?
Alyse, having finished with the washing up, returned to the table and sat down. She looked at us all, from one to the other, directly in our eyes, and said, Revenge.
JC leaned back on the rear legs of his chair and busted out laughing. Youre fucking retarded. He crossed his arms defensively and said, No way!
We all flinched as Hook swept his leg underneath the table and kicked JCs chair. JC flailed his arms to remain upright, but came crashing to the ground, landing flat on his back, scowling miserably. Hook warned him, Say what you want about me, but show Alyse some respect. I done had about enough o you and that mouth.
JC stood and replaced his chair, slamming it angrily on the floor before sitting once again. Kylee weaved a gesture at him to calm down. We all know JCs ability to overreact when challenged. I couldnt help but noticed that this marked the second time that this crazy, one-armed veteran got the drop on two of the baddest motherfuckers Ive ever known. He may have lacked tact, but he more than made up for it with tactics. I was kind of liking the guy, to be honest.
JC scoffed, Not bad, Alex His words dripped with sarcasm in an effort to show his displeasure with the embarrassing act of busting his ass. But it aint gonna happen. Im out.
Kylee tried to reason with him. They have medicine. They have weapons and ammo. They have food. Theyve made threats on Lilly, and they killed Fart. They robbed both you and these two. Dext heard Bianca say they werent leaving the business park until sometime tomorrow. I bet if we got there right around sun-up we could get drop on them before they hit the road. Now, we didnt have the numbers before, but with all of us in a concerted effort, we can not only set ourselves to hold out for a long time, but we could also dish out some justice.
Cutty gave a doubtful look and questioned her with, Justice? Aint no justice anymo. Its mo like just us, ya feel me?
She looked at Murphy. He stared at her thoughtfully before saying, Fuck it. She killed the last of my true family. Then she threatened whats left of my new family. See, I came to the conclusion right there in that parking lot that I was a dead man, and Im at peace with that so Im in. I came this far. I may as well take a few assholes out with me on the way.
Alyse clapped happily and cheered, Yes! Thank you!
Then Kylee looked at me. What about it, Dext? You ready to do this thing?
Now, I had my concerns. Dont get me wrong. The Haven should have been the first clue that it wasnt that great of an idea, but two things had me thinkin. The first was that, back at the Haven, we didnt have JC or Murphy, much less Hook, who had proven he could handle himself better than most. The second thing was pointed out by Lilly before I could even offer an answer.
What about Dana?
Dammit, Lilly
Theyre gonna go hurt Dana, and Cotton, and Mr. Harris. He was really nice to me. You and Cutty should protect them.
I looked at the others like, Who am I to argue with that? They took care of us, and even if the matter was complicated by Kylees bite, we owe them a debt of gratitude. They certainly dont deserve to be ambushed because I gave them up.
Lilly added, And I want my damn dinosaur back!
Cutty rolled his eyes at her cursing and offered a silent apology to Alyse and Hook. Hook simply chuckled and encouraged her, saying, Thats the spirit, youngin!
So that left Cutty. Kylee looked at him sincerely and said quietly, Please? For Cotton? For Lilly?
Cutty sucked his teeth and did what Cutty does. Lemme sleep on it.
Surprisingly, that was enough for the others. JC snorted and asked, And what, pray tell, are you going to do this with, hmm? News flash, people: You have no weapons!
Hook smirked and offered, Well thats not exactly accurate. He gestured for JC to follow him, so the rest of us went along. We went to the center of the living room, where Hook rolled back a rug made of some sort of animal skin, revealing a trapdoor with a metal ring for opening and closing. He winked at Alyse as he threw it open.
Murphy, echoing his own sentiments from the weed patch, said again, Mother of God
Inside were no less than four handguns, Kylees sniper rifle, and two assault rifles that looked like JCs bear (but slightly less cool). There was a pile of loose ammo and these green boxes that looked full as well. JC turned white as a ghost before regaining his pallor and smiling greedily. 
Kylee said, Thats not all. She stalked across the room to her own pack and reached inside before returning to the group. We have these. She held Trey and Rebeccas two remaining pipe bombs, one in each hand. Remember?
The eight of us stood there like statues, all with our arms crossed, devious thoughts of raining down pain and suffering on some truly evil people. 
JC, now obviously bolstered by the latest revelation, said, Fine. Lets do it. Im in. I was shocked, to be perfectly honest.
We only have until tomorrow to catch them before they leave for the community. Theres a lot of planning to do if this thing is going to happen without us all getting hurt, or worse. So, its probably a good idea that I stop scribbling in this fucking book and pay attention to what the others are saying. I havent heard a single word since they started, and I expect Kylee to go upside my head any second now. In a way, I kind of welcome it. My teeth havent clicked in quite some time.
Damn, its good to see her again


Entry 112

I was awakened last night to the sounds of JC in a poor attempt to sneak into the living room where the rest of us were sleeping as soundly as possible. Through crusty eyes, I could make out Hook standing in the hallway with his arms crossed impatiently and Alyses door propped open slightly. Haha He got busted. Hes lucky Hook didnt kick his ass. I expected more awkwardness when the sun came up, but it appears a warning was enough for now. Besides, we had more pressing matters at hand, which Ill get to shortly. Im actually shocked at the way everyone performed today.
It was magical.
We geared up with ammo and weapons and prepared to make the walk to a clearing where Kylee stashed the jeep and covered it with brush and sticks to further conceal it, but not before saying our good-byes to Lilly and Alyse. It was clear that Lilly wasnt going to be along with us on this mission, as Kylee called it, and someone was going to have to stay behind with her. It took Hook all of about one second to choose Alyse to play babysitter. He handed her a rifle, a box of rounds, and said calmly, Two knocks, pause, one knock, pause, two knocks. Anything besides that is a problem.
She nodded her understanding and hugged him tightly, saying, Bring your ass back in one piece this time, Alex.
I hugged Lilly, as did the rest, and made for the door. She tugged on JCs shirt to get his attention, and he raised an eyebrow for her to speak her mind. She told him, Dont forget my dinosaur!
JC chuckled and ruffled her hair, telling her, No sweat, kiddo.
She smiled as the door swung open and the light of the morning filled the room. One more thing
We turned around, looking like a fake-ass Delta Force, to face her and Alyse as Lillys little voice told us all, Love you!
If that doesnt motivate you to avoid fuck-ups at all costs, nothing will. We returned the sentiment and told them to Be smart. Be safe.
We reached the jeep and packed inside uncomfortably before heading back to the main road, where we stopped to review some details. Murphy pointed to the sky about a mile away and said, There.
The birds were circling high above the trees in the distance as Hook scoffed skeptically. I pointed my new pistol in the air and popped one round.
We waited.
Hook exclaimed after a short time, Ill be damned! The birds grew slowly, but surely in our line of vision as the herd approached.
Murphy told him, Thatll cut off their pursuit once Kylee and Cutty make contact and flee.
Kylee frowned and told him, I still dont see why I cant be on the ground with you guys.
Rolling his eyes, Murphy repeated himself, For the last time, Cutty cant shoot, and frankly, neither can younot anymore anyway. Besides, you know the woods better than all of us, save for Hook. Dont fuck with me on this, Kylee.
She kicked the ground, defeated, but nodded at him. 
She wasnt happy about it, but it makes sense. Shes going to have to just accept the fact that she isnt what she used to be with her eye being all jacked up. It sucks, but it is what it is.
Hook lit the stub of a cigar he held in his mouth and slipped a couple of rounds in his sawed-off. I still dont know how the hell he manages to wield and reload that thing with his prosthetic, but he makes it look cool as hell.
Cutty told Hook, People gon die today. Lets hope it aint any of us, ya heard? Rememba, act like dey dead and aim fo da head. 
Chuckling to myself, I once again reveled in Cuttys ability to rhyme with style even when speaking casually in all of his black awesomeness.
Hook charged his shotty and smirked, Shit, Ima aim for whatever I can hit. This little beauty herell stop just about anyone in their tracks.
Our faces went a little solemn as we realized that Hook didnt know. He picked up on our change in demeanor and asked, What? If theyre dead, theyre deadheadshot or otherwise.
JC told him before I got the chance. You dont know? Shit, man. If you kill em, theyre gonna turn. They might not shoot back once that happens, but dead just aint good enough anymore.
Hook scoffed and spouted, Bullshit! If they aint bit, they aint shit.
Cutty briefly recounted the story of Hope and how she turned in his arms after Kate beat her to death. She wasnt bitten.
Hook could only muster a, Christ almighty.
Bottom line is, thats big news for him, but its something weve been dealing with for far too long. We didnt have time for that shit. Cutty simply said, Its da troof. Just shoot em in da headperiod.
Fuck it. Im rambling. You dont need to hear all this shit. 
The action at the business park was swift and violent. Kylee dropped us off about a block away, and we waited for her shots to ring out as they made contact at the entrance. Moments later, the jeep sped past us towards the incoming herd with no less than two trucks behind it full of pirates. Once they were down the road and nearly out of site, we moved in. I silently wished Kylee and Cutty luck.
Some of the men inside the park were scrambling around and tending to one of their own. I can only assume that one of Kylees shots hit the mark. Hook took the distraction as an opportunity to light one of our pipe bombs on his cigar and chuck it to where their remaining vehicles sat parked. The explosion was spectacular. The vehicle went up in flames, spraying shrapnel and white-hot debris at anyone within the blast radius. Screams of agony filled the air as men were sent toppling to their deaths from the rooftop above.
JC shouted, Covering fire! and began unloading with the others on anyone who poured from the building on the left. Get D-Prime! Run, Dext! Run!
I took off to our truck. These cocky fuckers didnt even move it from where we parked it. The explosion and ensuing chaos had cleared the men from the rooftops, and the length of the trailer shielded me from any incoming fire as I made it to the passenger side of the tractors cab. I hopped in that bitch and fired it up. Funny thing was that I wasnt scared. I know, right? I cant believe it either. It just felt right. Everyone was in their element. Sure, I had some tunnel vision and an adrenalin rush like a motherfucker but no fear. Weird, man.
With Murphy in the side-view mirror waving me back, I plugged the exit to the park with D-Primes badassery and hopped back out the way I came. It was a slaughter. The pirates were scattering like roaches with the light on, and we kept shootin. Shit. We even shot men in the back. 
No mercy. 
Every time I started to feel the cringe of guilt inside me, the sight of Lilly shaking horridly with a gun to her head popped in my mind and I simply reloaded and shot some more. We looked like a firing squad in some third-world country. 
As the numbers thinned, the task turned to executing the injured and cracking the skulls of the dead. Murphy didnt even have his bow on him. I havent seen him with a firearm since the first time we met, yet he was popping three-round bursts and reloading like a Goddamn professional.
We stopped when the yard was clear and left JC and Hook to clear the office building on the left that Bianca had made her hideout. Murphy picked up Farts body from the middle of the chaos and carried her to the trailer. They not only left D-Prime in place, but left our girl to bake in the sun. 
No mercy.
It didnt take long for Hook and JC to emerge from the building. They were clearly pleased with the stash inside, but still looked a little pissed off. I asked what the problem was.
JC spat disgustedly and said, Bianca. The bitch aint here. How much you wanna bet shes in one of those trucks behind Cutty and Kylee?
Know what? I kinda didnt give a shit. I told them both, Fuck her. No one from our group got shot, and if Kylee and Cutty are all right, then I call this a victory.
Murphy approached me from behind and said, Victory? Yer ass! I want that bitchs head on a pike.
Hook nodded his agreement with Murphy and held up his prosthetic. Heh! Got shot after all
The sunlight streamed through a perfect hole in his hook as he examined what would have been a painful wound. I could only hope that Kylee and Cutty were having luck like ours.
We loaded the trailer with everything useful we could find and relieved the bodies on the ground of their weapons and any ammo. Murphy wrapped Farts corpse in some raggedy blankets, and we promised her a proper burial back at the cabin. After about half an hour with D-Prime running and ready to go, the jeep approached from the direction of the herd. The birds had stalled their approach and could now be seen dipping down to the ground to begin feeding. It was a tense moment because we didnt know if both of them were in the jeep and if they were in good health. For all we knew, the birds could have been feasting, along with the dead, on both of them.
Luckily all was well as they waved at us, beeping the horn, and giving us a thumbs-up. In minutes, we were stopped at the rendezvous point, safe and sound. We exited the vehicle and celebrated the victory with hugs and high fives, but Murphy remained pissed off. He still managed to smile, though. I think he was just happy to be able to honor hisour dog properly.
JC happily slung open the doors of the trailer, revealing the spoils, and proudly exclaimed, We brought gifts!
Kylee, covered in blood and gore along with Cutty, smiled, panting and exhausted. She sauntered over to the side of the jeep and opened the door, saying, So did we
Tossed in the back of the jeep, bound hand and foot and gagged with strips of cloth, were an unidentified man and Bianca. They were badly beaten, but otherwise alive and well. Cutty cracked his knuckles and said, Neva thought Id hit a woman, but dis bitch had it comin.
Were nearing the cabin right now as Murphy smiles happily in the drivers seat of D-Prime and Cutty follows in the jeep with our detainees. Ill write more after we clean up and decide what to do with these two assholes.
Oh and Im just gonna say it: We were some bad motherfuckers today. 
Period!


Entry 113

It bit me. Goddammit! I dont even know how it happened. I never even saw it comin, but it bit me.
We were just hacking through the brush on the way to the cabin. Cutty had Bianca slung over his shoulder, and Murphy had cut the binds on the strangers feet to allow him to walk on his own. He was held at bay with a pistol in his back and remained gagged, with his hands tied. 
I moved to clear away some branches and immediately felt the searing pain sting my forearm as a snake chomped into me. Cutty threw Bianca to the ground and hacked off its head, which Murphy proceeded to stomp into pieces.
Shit!
Hook picked up the body and snapped, Lets godouble-time now! We gotta get him to Alyse, quick!
It burned and stung so badly, I couldnt even think straight as we pressed on towards the cabin. I was sweating profusely with panic and adrenalin making me feverish with every passing second. By this point, Cutty was dragging Bianca behind him by her gag. I could hear her struggling and choking slightly as the cloth dug into her cheeks and strained her teeth. I didnt care. All I could focus on was getting to Alyse and hoping Id have time to see Lilly.
Hook approached the door and gave a frantic knock.
Boom!
Boom, boom, boom!
Four shots tore through the door from the other side followed by a panicked squeal from Lilly. In our haste, Hook had forgotten to give the secret knock. Thankfully, the shots were a combination of panicked, aimless firing and fortunate ricochets. None of them hit anything but the trees around us.
Hook shouted, Shit! Alyse! Its us! Open up! Hurry!
There was noise on the opposite side as Alyse removed the barricade and, as soon as it cracked open, we all pushed our way inside.
Hook snapped at Alyse, Get the kit. Dext is bit!
Alyses eyes widened, and she cried, Oh, God! Um. Okay. Im on it. She dashed into her room and returned in seconds with a large first-aid kit. Let me see it.
At the same time, I could see out of the corner of my eye that Cutty and Murphy had tossed our prisoners into the secret hole in the living room where the weapons were once stashed and slammed the trapdoor shut. Murphy growled, Later
They sat me at the table, and Alyse stretched out my arm to have a closer look.
Alyse asked Hook, Do you have the body? I need to see it.
Hook nodded and dropped it at her feet.
Alyse took one look at it and snickered at first then burst into outright laughter, leaving us all pondering just what the hell was so funny about me getting bitten. Its not even venomous! Its just a king snake, dummy!
Hook blushed furiously and demanded, Red, yellow, and black bands! Thats a Goddamn coral snake if I ever saw one! This boy is in deep shit!
Alyse waved him off and picked up the dead snake, showing it to all of us before dipping it slightly to give Lilly a good view. Look! Look at the bands on it.
The snake was banded with rings of red, black, and yellow all along its length from head to tail. Alyse explained, The bands on this one are red, black, yellow, black, red, black, yellow, black, and so on. The coral snake, the dangerous one, is black, yellow, red, yellow, black, yellow, and so on.
Hook scratched his head uncertainly and said, Try again? Im lost.
Alyse huffed impatiently and answered him with, The one that isnt venomous just mimics the dangerous one so other animals wont mess with it. Sheesh, Alex, you grew up out here and still dont know this stuff? He stood there flabbergasted as she went on to say, Remember it this way. Red to black is a friend of Jack. Red to yellow kills a fellow. What you have here is a harmless king snake and a very worried Dext. She turned to me and said confidently, Youll be fine. Let me clean it up, and well keep an eye on it for infection. She went to work patching me up as Hook picked up the corpse of the snake.
He held it proudly and exclaimed to everyone, Welp! Whos hungry?
Alyse held up a hand and said, Hold your horses, cowboy. You got some explaining to do. First, whats up with the hole in your hardware? Second, and more importantly, why are there people in the stash room?
Murphy interjected and callously answered her, saying, Theyre not people.
Lilly asked no one in particular, What are we going to do with them?
Cutty told her, Dont you worry bout dat, baby girl. We gon discuss it.
After we clean up, Kylee interrupted. She gestured to Cutty and herself to remind everyone that they were covered in blood and gore.
Hook nodded his agreement. Good enough. Cleaned. Fed. Then well deal with Bianca and the other one.
Lilly expressed flat-out shock and horror upon learning that Bianca was one of the prisoners, but JC distracted her. He told her, Someone else you know is here, too, kiddo.
Lilly looked at him skeptically and said, Who?
After opening his bag and removing his prize, JC handed the stuffed dinosaur to Lilly with a smile and asked, Remember this guy?
Lilly chirped excitedly and gave the dinosaur a big hug before telling JC, Thanks. I knew you would get him back.
JC just grinned. Hell, we all took a second to enjoy the real victory of the day. Lillys face went slightly grim as she took a long look at the dinosaur and muttered something I couldnt quite make out.
Cutty raised an eyebrow and suggested, Say dat again, baby girl?
Lilly narrowed her eyes at the living room and said, We should kill them.
Kylee tried to correct her, somewhat motherly saying, Hey, hey. You dont talk like that. I want you to just stick to killing monsters, okay.
Never taking her eyes off the trap, Lilly replied quietly, She is a monster.
There was an awkward silence that followed before Cutty suggested, Kylee, Dext, yall go head and clean up first. Ima pray fo a while. Lot ta be thankful fo today.
Alyse stood and added, Me, too. We can pray together if you like.
Cutty smiled sincerely. Id like dat a whole lot, Miss Alyse.
We parted ways just then, but not before I heard Cutty tell Lilly, Bring yo lil ass wit us, baby girl. I want you ta learn about dis side of things, too.
Kylees about through emptying out her dirty tub water now, so that means Im up next. More later.


Entry 114

My arm hurts. It looks all right, but its red and puffythrobbing a little bit, too. Whatever, though.
I had a chance to ask Kylee about how she and Cutty managed to handle both the herd and the guys that followed them while we dealt with the business park. She told me that it was one of the closest calls shes had since the beginning, but how it went down didnt matter. I pressed her for more details, and she gave me a quick rundown. Essentially, they were taking fire from the trucks, and she knew the herd was just ahead of them. So, she lit the remaining pipe bomb and dropped it behind the jeep. It exploded underneath the first truck, destroying it completely, causing the second truck veer off and flip over. Bianca and the other dude fled on foot after being ejected from the bed of the truck as it tipped over.
They gave chase with Bianca firing over her shoulder until she ran out of ammo. Cutty stopped running after he got winded; so, they went back to the destroyed trucks to begin executing the wounded and finishing off the dead before they turned. It didnt take long for Bianca and the stranger to come running back after realizing their escape was cut off by a wall of the dead, and that was when it got sketchy. She said that in the fight that followed, knives were drawn and Cutty saved her life. She left it at that.
When we finished cleaning up, we returned to the front of the cabin and made an effort to eat some lunch. Bianca and that other asshole started kicking the trapdoor obnoxiously and trying to scream through their gags. We tried to ignore it, but Murphy lost his cool and stalked over to the stash room. He whipped open the door and thrashed on both of them with a broom handle until it got quiet again. Breathing heavily with glassy eyes, he returned to the table, sat down, and resumed eating in the relative quiet like nothing happened. We all exchanged some anxious stares after that.
Alyse spoke up and suggested to Hook, We should figure out what to do with them soon. Theyre going to need to eat eventually, or at the very least, drink.
JC scoffed. Murphy did the same.
She continued, We also need to tend to the feeding pens. Maybe these guys can help with that.
Kylee raised an eyebrow and asked, Feeding pens?
Hook answered her with, Rabbits.
JC smiled and said, I bet Lilly would love to help feed the rabbits.
Lilly grinned at the idea.
Hook shook his head and informed us all, She cant. 
Lillys face saddened immediately, and she begged, Aww, cmon. Pleeeease?
Hook shook his head again and told her, It aint whatcha think, hon. These aint pets.
JC rolled his eyes and said, No shit. Theyre food. Still, I dont see why she cant.
Alyse interrupted to explain, Not just our food, JC. You guys ever wonder why the dead dont come around here?
Personally, I hadnt thought about that before. I tend to not look a gift horse in the mouth, and if the dead hadnt found their way here, I couldnt care less why. I was just thankful for the fact.
Alyse continued while chewing, Feeding pens. Rabbits breed superfast, as Im sure you know. We could only eat so much when it was just me and Alex, so we used the extras to keep the dead away.
Hook continued for her as she took another bite of food, I got about six stations set up in the surrounding area. I fill them up with bunnies and food. Any of the dead that happen to wander through here find the rabbits and stop to eat. Now, we havent ever had more than two or three at a time, so they eat their fill and just lay there all bloated up. Every couple days I check the stations, kill off the dead that are lying around, and they never make it here to the cabin.
Cutty chortled and sarcastically teased, Dats da dumbest shit I eva heard.
Hook shrugged and told him, Dumb or not, its worked this long. If it aint broke, dont fix it. So, whos comin with me to help out?
I threw my hand up immediately. I had to see this shit. I also told Murphy he was going. He gave me some attitude about it, but I reminded him of the ass whoopin he just put on the two in the stash room and suggested he needs to take a walk and clear his head. Reluctantly, he agreed.
Kylee added, Fine, but when you get back, were making a final decision about these two.
JC nodded his agreement and pulled out a pistol to begin breaking it down. He showed Lilly the various components and guided her hands as she wrinkled her nose in concentration, fitting them on and off of one another. By the time Alyse and Cutty had the table clear, Lilly was thumbing the release, and the satisfying chick! of a round chambering filled the room. And so ended the lesson.
Hook, Murphy, and I geared up to travel lightly and hit the door. Kylee pulled me aside and warned, Be careful.
I gave her a look that said, Im always careful, but she shook her head.
She whispered, I mean about Murphy. Hes losin it. He hasnt been the same since the dog was killed. Just try and keep his head on straight.
I shrugged her off. I probably shouldnt have, but I dunno. Murphy has been acting a bit harder, like hes suddenly edgier and tougher, but hes a smart dude. I think he just needs to close this chapter. Cutty handled Rebeccas death with a certain level of rage, and maybe this is the same thing. Keeping him focused is the key. We need Murphy because hes an outside of the box kind of thinker. He managed to figure out ways to administer the infection with weapons, and after what I saw at the feeding pens today, he may have just figured out a way to keep the dead at bay indefinitely.
We came upon the first pen after a short hike, but not before Hook stopped off at his field to chop a few more plants. He stuffed them into his duffle bag and then led us further out. The pen was a cheaply framed circle of wood and chicken wire that stood about waist tall. That allowed the dead to reach in and grab the rabbits easily.
Murphy asked Hook, What about coyotes and shit? I figure theyd clear these out overnight.
Hook whispered, Aint no more.
Murphy looked puzzled at the assertion, but his question came at a perfect time. Pretty much right at our feet lay the bleached skeleton of a canine that had no doubt come sniffing for the rabbits. The bones were strewn about, and most had teeth marks all along their length. The dead were like a locust swarm, leaving nothing alive behind them.
As we approached the pen, Hook spat, Sumbitch! Look at that! Never actually seen em feed before, cept on the living. Every other time Ive checked the pens, theyve been finished up.
There were two bernies on hands and knees tearing at a few of the rabbits with bits of fur and blood spread on the ground around them. The pen still held about fifteen or twenty bunnies of varying colors and ages.
Hook raised his weapon to put them down, but Murphy whispered harshly, Wait! I have an idea. Got rope?
With a nod, Hook quietly opened his duffle bag, filling the air with the skunky smell of his meds before he produced a long length of rope from within. He passed it to Murphy. Murphy drew his knife from his belt and cut the rope in half before tying each of them into lassos. He told Hook, Tie these off to those trees.
Hook did as he was instructed while I covered the geeks. They werent even aware we were in the area as they munched greedily on the flesh of the rabbits. In the meantime, Murphy pulled a few saplings down, bowing them deeply to create a trapping mechanism which would fire when the bernies stepped into the loops. He hung the loops about the same height as the pen to catch them around their waists. We backed off a few more feet, and Murphy gave a sharp whistle.
With the three of us pointing weapons in their direction, the dead looked up from their meals, rose to their feet, and snarled as they shambled towards us. There was a controlled tension in the air, much the same as Murphys traps as they stepped into the loops, but both worked perfectly. 
Snap!
Snap!
And in seconds, we had two geeks grasping and clawing at us fruitlessly. The knots held firm, and they stood side by side, firmly anchored by the trees. Hook exclaimed, Holy shit! Thats Jake!
Murphy and I looked at him, puzzled. Hook clarified, Thats Jake Freeman, man. Used to see him at the bar all the time. Big sports guyK.C. fan if I recall correctly.
Hook took a step towards the geek and playfully teased, Jesus, Jake! You look like shit.
The one he was talking to had huge chunks of flesh removed from its neck and torso, and its clothes were nothing more than ribbons from being weathered for who knows how long. Its skin, what was left of it, hung like loose cloth on its bones. Hook continued as he eyed up the other one, This must be the missus. Boy, she was a fine piece of ass in her day. Now she just looks like ass.
So, heres where shit got interesting. Murphy walked past them and to the pen, where he picked up one of the rabbits by the scruff of its neck. He walked back to us and turned to face the geeks as he told us, These dumbshits like blood and guts and all that, and its gotta be fresh. In fact, Ive seen these things eat just about anything thats living or freshly dead.
Hook agreed, adding, Yep. One time, I seen a few of them gnawing at a Goddamn wall just because it had splatter on it.
Murphys lip curled up devilishly. He used his knife to slit the rabbits throat and sprayed the blood all over the two bernies. He snapped at Hook, Go get me more.
Hook obliged and returned in seconds with two more rabbits, which Murphy dispatched in the exact same manner, slinging blood all over the dead. Then he swiftly sliced open their bellies and began throwing the guts at them.
I still cant believe it, but right there in front of my eyes, both of those dead fucks started wrestling and gnawing at each other. Granted, it looked like two crackheads fighting over a rock, but the point is that they completely lost sight of us. It went on for nearly five minutes with them actually taking bites out of one another, which they immediately spat to the ground. Eventually, they lost interest and sort of zoned out. I shifted my balance from left to right as I watched them. Immediately they targeted in on us again and began reaching and gnashing their teeth. Murphy stabbed one in the head, and I took out the other. Then we were on our way.
Murphy smiled, quite pleased with himself. Now we know.
The rest of the pens went without any issues or drama, and we were back here at the cabin in a couple of hours. Were meeting for the final decision in about a half hour. I expect an argument. Hopefully this new development will put people in a good mood before shit gets heavy. My mind is still racing with how to use this new knowledge to our advantage, and I havent even given any thought to Bianca and the stranger at all. Thats about to change. 


Entry 115

Well it wasnt much of an argument. The discussion, more than anything, revolved around a question we hadnt really given much thought to until Alyse innocently asked us all, Why did you bring them here in the first place?
Honestly, I didnt have an answer for her. We got what we had come for. Fart was recovered and buried. D-Prime was ours again. Lilly got her dinosaur back. We had decimated Biancas entire operation, and for once, I didnt feel guilty about the blood on my hands. None of us did, except maybe Cutty, and thats just because he had spilled the most blood of all. Moreover, nearly every time Cutty did make a mess of someone living, it was in someone elses best interest. We werent monsters. We were serving justice. Why didnt we just kill these two like the others?
Kylee offered the first explanation, saying, Because, even though I cant forgive what she did to Lilly, its not my place. I figured Murphy would want to have a word with her for what she did to his dog.
JC told her, Yeah, well, youre lucky I wasnt left alone with that bitch. It wouldve been lights-out long before Murphy had that chance.
He looked Murphy in the face and said sincerely, No disrespect here, Murph, but a dog is a dog. Its fucked up what she did to Fart, I agree, but she put a gun to a five-year-olds head! That was it for me. Shes done.
Murphy shook the comment off and simply said, I appreciate the sentiment, Kylee, but all I really want is an eye for an eye. Im more than happy to handle this one, and it need not involve any of you. Im the only one not satisfied here. Hook and Alyse dont have to worry about these pricks roaming around anymore. The truck is back and loaded. Hell, even Lillys dinosaur is safe and sound. But my dog is gone. That dog was the last thing I had that was mine. I want retribution.
That was when it really hit me about Murphy. It wasnt about just having a burial for the dog. He had to bury the last piece of what remained for him from before all this shit started. Bianca stripped him of the last bit of what made him the Murphy we had all come to appreciate.
Hook nodded his understanding and said, Look, my back is killing me and my legs, too. All that walking today has me hurtin real bad. Ima go medicate and try to lay down for a few. You all do what you gotta do. I aint judgin nobody here.
Alyse laid a hand on Cuttys arm and quietly mouthed the words, Bible, please? He nodded to her, and they exited the room without another word.
Murphy told Lilly, Lilly, I want you to go with Cutty and Alyse.
She shocked us all and said, No.
Murphy recovered from the initial shock of her insubordination and said, You dont need to be a part of this. Now, I want you to go with Cutty and Alyse.
Lilly snapped, Youre not my daddy! I want to see what youre going to do to her! Im not going!
This was new, and I hope it doesnt last. Shed never been bratty before. Shed always been slightly precocious and sweet. I think shed found her confidence as of late, and no doubt shed started picking up some of JCs traits.
Matter of fact, JC simply raised his hand and said sternly, Lilly. Go. With. Cutty. Now!
Her scornful look at Murphy melted into one of submission, and she told JC, Fine.
He shook his head and tut-tutted before saying, No way, little miss. Try that again. Then, I want you to apologize to Murphy.
She exhaled, huffing slightly, and said, Okay, JC. Ill go. Then she looked at Murphy and offered, Sorry, Murph, before shuffling her feet towards the rear of the cabin.
Once she was out of sight, Kylee said, Umm what the fuck just happened there?
JC smirked and quipped, I told her to stand up for herself. I probably shouldve done a better job telling her when to stand up for herself. But hey, I handled it.
That was weird. I mean, JC actually did handle it. He handled it well, in fact. Now if he could just teach himself how to apologize for acting like a dick, wed be in great shape.
Kylee shrugged it off and cut to the chase. How we doin this? Take em out back? Headshots?
JC nodded. Good enough for me, but Id rather do it quietly. Theres still dead around. Dext?
I just shrugged. I honestly didnt want to overthink it.
Murphy said flatly, Not good enough.
JC was like, The fuck you mean not good enough?
Murphy told him, Not good enough. A bullet to the head is too Goddamn easy, especially for her. You have any idea how many people suffered because of them? You have any idea how many people died because she took everything they had and left them to rot? A bullet to her head is a gifta gift that I aint fuckin givin her.
Kylee snorted and asked him, What then? What else can we do? We cant torture her! What would that make us? No better than her!
That was when Murphy lost his shit. All I want is an eye for an eye. 
And with that, he stalked over to the trapdoor and threw it open. I could hear those two struggling against their bonds and trying to talk around their gags. He drug Bianca up by her hair and plopped her in a chair at the table with the rest of us. Her eyes were narrow with hatred as she scowled at us.
Murphy went to the duffle bags from earlier today at the pens and pulled out his knife before returning to the table with it. He slid the blade between the gag and her cheek, slicing away the rag without giving a second glance to the gash he left on her face in the process.
Dripping with blood, Bianca seethed, I heard you talking. Gonna kill me? Fuckin do it then. I dont owe you shit.
Murphy cocked his head, smiling and satisfied with himself, much like earlier in the woods today. He leaned in and whispered something in her ear, which caused her face to turn chalk white. I shit you not. I watched the color leave her face. You lie! You fuckin lie! she shouted at him.
Murphy just crossed his arms and silently watched her deteriorate from anger to fear. She began sweating, and her tone changed. She begged Murphy, Come on, man. Tell me you didnt mean that. Please?
Kylee asked him, Murphy, whats she talkin about?
Murphy stuck his knife in the table and said, I told her she was already dead.
That sly bastard. He had cut her with the same blade he killed the bernie with earlier. He taunted her. Feel that? Feel that fear in your belly? That despair? You know youre going to die now, and there is no escaping it, Bianca. Let that sink in. I want you to think about how it felt to be us, kneeling on the ground back there while your henchman held guns to our heads. Think about how that little girl felt. Yeeeeah its fuckin scary, aint it? Death is at your door, Bianca. I wonder if you can feel the infection coursing through your blood yet. Can you feel it? 
She was crying by that point, and she begged him, Shoot me. Just fucking shoot, damn you! I dont want to be one of them!
Murphy punched in her jaw hard as fuck and then put his face to hers, nose to nose. He waited a moment for her to recover so he could look her in the eyes, then told her, You dont get that choice, Bianca. My dog didnt get a choice. Instead, she thrashed around with her brains on the pavement while you threatened to kill a kid. So no you dont get that fucking choice.
Kylee looked visibly shaken and told him, Murph, thats enough, man. You made your point. Lets finish it.
He turned to Kylee and said coldly, Im not even close to finished with this bitch.
His eyes left us and shot to the hallway leading to the rear of the cabin. We traced his glance and spotted Lilly peeking out of the door to Alyses room. JC frustratingly snapped, Dammit, Murphy! 
Kylee quickly got to her feet along with JC, and they jetted to Lilly in an effort to shuffle her away from the sight. Kylee told us, Get her outta here. Now!
Murphy frowned miserably and told me, Lets go, Sally. Bring your gun.
He yoked Bianca up by her hair once again and led her to the door as I brought up the rear. He called back to Kylee, Well be back. Dont touch the other one. He livesfor now.
Kylee scooped Lilly up into her arms and huffed, Fine. Just get it over with.
Murphy grabbed some of our rope on the way out, and after about fifteen minutes of hiking, we were at the nearest rabbit pen. It was still clear from earlier. Bianca continued to sob and beg, asking things like, Where are you taking me? and, Please, dont let me turn. Just kill me, okay?
Whenever she talked, Murphy would punch her like she was a grown man. I felt like I should stop him or try to reason with him, but I honestly couldnt bring myself to care. Just like back at the business park, the vision of Lilly with the gun to her head washed away any and all guilt. It was actually kind of exhilarating. Thousands of times I heard horrific stories on the news about cold-blooded criminals, rapists, and murderers. I always hated the way they could live out their days in prison on my dime. Or even when they were sentenced to death, it was quick and clean. Rules against cruel and unusual punishment always made me wonder why we gave a single fuck about these animals. And in some cases when a citizen took the law into their own hands, they ended up in jail over their actions. Id always thought that was bullshit. We knew Bianca was guilty. I let Murphy lead the way.
Against her constant protests, Murphy tied the rope around her waist tightly and then made a series of twists before pulling her tightly against the very same tree that old Jake Freeman and his wife were strapped to earlier in the day. He trussed her in such a way that no escape would ever be possible without the help of a blade. He looked at her one last time and told her, If you scream, they will come and tear you to pieces. If you are quiet, the fever will come and take you away. Thats the choice I give you, Bianca.
She stared at the ground, sobbing, as we turned and left her there. She never screamed, and her sobbing faded slowly as we distanced ourselves. We walked back to the cabin in silence, and as we reached the door, I asked Murphy what we were going to do about the one we have left.
He told me, Were going to find out what Kilo is up to and why theyre collecting the dead.
I asked him what happens after that, and he told me, Depends on his answer.
We entered the cabin quietly and replaced the barricade on the door. The others havent shown their faces yet, and thats probably a good thing. Whether or not we did the right thing tonight, Ill sleep soundly. 
Tomorrows a new day.


About the Author:

Steve Kuhn is a former professional musician turned writer. Raised in Baltimore, Maryland and with a deep seeded passion for horror, he brings a refreshingly raw and witty style to his work. He has been featured in countless online publications as a critical reviewer and has spent the last three years crafting the epic zombie series, Dext of the Dead.


Also Available from 
Books of the Dead Press:

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Plague: Dext of the Dead, Book 1
Dext is a regular man in an irregular situation. The undead plague has decimated the population, but pockets of survivors still remain. A battered military search for survivors while scientists work frantically to control the spread. The clock is ticking if he can keep running.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Infected: Dext of the Dead, Book 2
Dext and his crew are reeling from the losses incurred during their stay at The Haven and are on the run. A military unit known as Kilo Company appears to be the groups best bet for survival, but they are miles ahead and the gap is widening. Everything is not what it seems.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Entombed: Dext of the Dead, Book 3
The dead have permeated every square inch of the country, leaving the survivors desperate for commodities. Roving bands of raiders and small, independent communities pose serious threats to one another, much like the increasing numbers of ravenous, shambling corpses. 

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Extinction: Dext of the Dead, Book 4
Tensions mount for Dext and his crew as they travel west in search of the elusive military unit known as Kilo Company. Characters, both good and evil, affect the course of events. Threats wait around every corner. A truth has been revealed: mankind is more monstrous than the living dead.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The End: Dext of the Dead, Book 5
The battle for Vegas is done, but not without heavy casualties and broken loyalties. Dishonesty within the group and mental instability weakens the bonds of family, making them vulnerable. One member will break an unspoken rule and thrust the entire group to the brink of self-destruction. 

Duncan McGeary - Death of an Immortal: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 1
The most powerful and feared vampire disappeared at the height of his powers and passed into legend. Most vampires think hes dead. He is not dead. 

Duncan McGeary - Rule of Vampire: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 2
Jamie is on the run. Nobody taught her how to be a vampire; no one told her the Rules of Vampire. How was she supposed to know her limits? Now the vampire hunters want her dead.

Duncan McGeary - Blood of Gold: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 3
Terrill was the most ruthless vampire, but he evolved into a Golden Vampire, renouncing violence. He didnt know that the evolution was directed by forces bigger than himself.

Justin Robinson - Undead On Arrival
Glen Novak is a dead man. Unfortunately for the scumbag who killed him, Novak will keep on cracking skulls until he finds the piece of trash that set him up, or is turned into a walking sack of rotten meat. 

Duncan McGeary - Led to the Slaughter
Trapped in the Sierra Nevada without food, The Donner Party are led to the slaughter. After being manipulated into a string of bad decisions, the travelers, frozen and abandoned, are preyed upon by werewolves in their midstthe very people they thought were friends. 

TS Alan - The Romero Strain
A group of New Yorkers is chased into the citys underground by a zombie horde. Along their subterranean journey, they gather survivors while traveling to Grand Central Terminal, where they believe help will be found. 

John F.D. Taff  Kill/Off
When David Benning is blackmailed by a shadowy organization known only as The Group, hes thrust into a world of guns, payoffs, and killing unknown, seemingly ordinary people. As he becomes more enmeshed, he begins to grasp The Groups true motives.

J.C. Michael - Discoredia
As the year draws to a close, a mysterious stranger makes a proposition to club owner. Its a deal involving a drug called Pandemonium. The good news: the drug is free. The bad news: it comes with a heavy price. Euphoria and ecstasy. Death and depravity. All come together at Discoredia.

James Roy Daley  Authors & Publishers Must Die!
No punches are pulled in this nonfiction title, which is filled to the rim with straightforward, practical advice for writers while exploring what its like to be on the other side of the desk. A must read for every author.

Weston Kincade  A Life of Death 1 - 4
Homicide detective Alex Drummond is confronted with the past through his sons innocent question. Alexs tale of his troubled senior year unfolds revealing loss, drunken abuse, and mysterious visions of murder and demonic children.

Weston Kincade  A Life of Death 5 - 8
Alcohol claims another life close to home. Alex and Paige set out to discover the truth, but who would believe a troubled teenager who claims to have visions?

Weston Kincade  A Life of Death 9 - 12
Struggling to hold onto his suspicions of Irene Harris, Alex heads to the DC Metropolitan Police Department. There, his suspicions are finally put to rest, and Alex is forced to start his search again. 

Julie Hutchings - Running Home
Death hovers around Ellie Morgan like the friend nobody wants. She doesnt belong in snow-swept Ossipee, at a black tie partybut that is where she is, and where he is: Nicholas French, the man who mystifies her with the impossible knowledge of her troubled soul.

John F.D. Taff  The Bell Witch
A historical horror novel/ghost story based on what is perhaps the most well-documented poltergeist case to occur in the United States. The Bell Witch is, at once, a historical novel, a ghost story, a horror story, and a love story all rolled into one.

Justin Robinson - Everyman
Ian Covey is a doppelganger. A mimic. A shapeshifter. He can replace anyone he wants by becoming a perfect copy; taking the victims face, his home, his family. His life. No longer a man but a hungry void, Ian Covey is a monster. Virtue has a veil, a mask, and evil has a thousand faces.

Mark Matthews - On the Lips of Children
A family man named Macon plans to run a marathon, but falls prey to people who dwell in an underground drug-smuggling tunnel. They raise their twin children in a way he couldn't imagine: skinning victims for food and money. And Macon and his family are next.

Bracken MacLeod - Mountain Home
Lyn works at an isolated roadside diner, where a retired combat veteran stages an assault. Surviving the snipers bullets is only the beginning. She establishes herself as the disputed leader of a diverse group that is at odds with the situation. Will sheor anyone elsesurvive the attack?

Gary Brandner - The Howling
Karyn and her husband Roy had come to the peaceful California village of Drago to escape the savagery of the city. But the village had a most unsavory history. Unexplained disappearances, sudden deaths. People just vanished, never to be found.

Gary Brandner - The Howling II
For Karyn, it was the howling that heralded the nightmare in Drago the nightmare that had joined her husband Roy to the she-wolf Marcia, and should have ended forever with the fire. But it hadnt. Roy and Marcia were still alive, and deadly and thirsty for vengeance. 

Gary Brandner - The Howling III
They are man. And they are beast. They stalk the night, eyes aflame, teeth flashing in vengeance. Malcolm, the young one, must choose between the way of the human and the howling of the wolf. Those who share his blood want to make him one of them. Those who fear him want him dead. 

James Roy Daley - Into Hell
Stephenie Page and her daughter Carrie pull off an empty highway at a gas station. Carrie enters the building first. When Stephenie steps inside she discovers that the restaurant is a slaughterhouse. There are dead bodies everywhere. The worst part is Carrie is suddenly missing.

James Roy Daley - Terror Town
Hardcore horror at its best: Killer on the warpath. Monsters on the street. Vampires in the night. Zombies on the hunt. Welcome to Terror Town. The place where no one is safe. Nothing is sacred. All will die. All will suffer.

James Roy Daley - The Dead Parade
Within the hour, James will witness the suicide of his closest friend, be responsible for countless murders, and become a fugitive from the police. In the shadow of his mind, a demon lurks. Bloodlust is a virus and its infecting his logic. Survival is not an option.

Tonia Brown - Badass Zombie Road Trip
Jonah has seven days to find his best friends soul, or lose his own, dragging a zombie across the country with a stripper who has an agenda of her own, while being pursued for a crime he didnt commit and dealing with Satan. Two thousand miles. Seven days. Two souls. One zombie. Satan. 

Matt Hults - Husk
When Mallory moves to a small town, her new home wont be as boring as shed feared. Who is the dark figure watching her? What is the shape hanging in the shadows of the barn? And why has someone begun digging up graves? In the end, one night will decide if the dead will rise.

Tim Lebbon - Berserk
On a dark night Tom begins to unearth the mass grave where he hopesand fearsthat he will find his sons remains. Instead, he finds madness: corpses in chains and dead bodies that move. And one little girl, dead and rotting, who promises to help Tom find what hes looking for 

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by Ray Garton, Jonathan Maberry, Kealan Patrick Burke, Jeff Strand, Robert Swartwood, Gary McMahon, Kim Paffenroth and so much more.

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume Two
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by David Niall Wilson, Rio Youers, Nate Kenyon, Tim Waggoner, Narrelle M. Harris, John Everson, Mort Castle and so much more. 

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume Three
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by Simon Wood, Joe McKinney, Tim Lebbon, Nancy Kilpatrick, Paul Kane, Jeremy C. Shipp, Nate Southard and so much more. 

Best New Werewolf Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic werewolf anthology. Includes great tales by Jonathan Maberry, John Everson, Michael Laimo, James Roy Daley, Douglas Smith, David Niall Wilson, Nina Kiriki Hoffman and so much more.

Best New Vampire Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic vampire anthology. Includes great tales by Michael Laimo, David Niall Wilson, Tim Waggoner, John Everson, Don Webb, Jay Caselberg, Nancy Kilpatrick and so much more.

James Roy Daley - Zombie Kong
Big. Bad. Heavy. Hungry. While a 50-foot tall zombie gorilla smashes the hell out of a small town, Candice Wanglund drags her son Jake through the hazardous streets in an attempt to get away from the man who is determined to kill them.  

John F.D. Taff - Little Deaths
Named the #1 Horror Collection of 2012 by Horror Talk / Named Top 5 books of 2012 by AndyErupts
You think youve got bad dreams? Consider author John F.D. Taffs nightmares. Taff has the kind of nightmares no one really wants. But its nightmares like these that give him plenty of ideas to explore; ideas that hes turned into the short stories he shares in his new collection.

John L. French - Paradise Denied
One of the best collections youll ever read. There isnt a single story that feels like filler. Vampires, zombies, tough cops, faeries, heroes, or super-scientists, John French has got a tale for you, and its amazing. Readers agree: this is the book you wont be able to put down. 

James Roy Daley - 13 Drops Of Blood
Thirteen tales of horror, suspense, and imagination. Enter the gore-soaked exhibit, the train of terror, the graveyard of the haunted. Meet the scientist of the monsters, the woman with the thing living inside her, the living dead. Quality horror with a flair for the hardcore. Not for the squeamish. 

Zombie Kong - Anthology
Zombies are bad, but ZOMBIE KONG is worse. Way worse. Big. Bad. Heavy. Hungry. This is the most original zombie anthology of all time. In the jungles, in the Arctic, in the cities, in the towns, Zombie Kong rules them all. Other zombies must bow to their god ZOMBIE KONG! 

Paul Kane - Pain Cages
Reminiscent of Stephen Kings classic best-selling book Different Seasons, Paul Kane gives us an unforgettable collection of four novella-size stories. Each story is refreshingly original and delivers an emotional impact that is rarely seen in todays literature. Speculative fiction at its best. 

Matt Hults - Anything Can Be Dangerous
Contains four amazing stories: Anything Can be Dangerous (the simple things in life can kill), Through the Valley of Death (a dark tale that will make you remember fear), The Finger (zombie literature has never been so extraordinary), and Feeding Frenzy (lunchtime in a place called Hell). 

Bill Howard - 10 Minutes From Home: Episodes 1 - 4
When a viral outbreak hits Toronto, Denny and Thom find themselves trapped in a town called Pontypool. As the streets begin to teem with violence, they must first find safety, and a way out of the now deadly metropolis.

Bill Howard - 10 Minutes From Home: Episodes 5 - 8
The journey gets bloodier as the group runs into hordes of the infected in a suburban neighborhood. Thom must make some drastic decisions when the survivors encounter a military camp. But does the camp provide safety, or just another hurdle delaying Dennys expedition home?

Classic - Vampire Tales
Includes: J. Sheridan Lefanu / Bram Stoker / M. R. James / F. Benson / Algernon Blackwood / F. Marion Crawford / Mary E. Wilkins Freeman / James Robinson Planche / Johann Ludwig Tieck


Thank you for reading this book!


