



Danika's Journey
Amish Girls Series  Book 2

J.E.B. Spredemann






Copyright 2012, 2013, 2014 by J.E.B. Spredemann
All incidents and characters in this book are completely fictional and derived by the authors imagination. Any resemblance to actual incidents and persons living or dead are purely coincidental.
All rights reserved. No part of this work/book may be copied, transmitted, or stored in any form or by any means, except for brief quotations in printed reviews, without prior written consent from the author/publisher.
Disclaimer: The herbal information in this book was derived by the authors (J.S.) education and experience as a Nutritional Herbologist, but is written for fictional and informational use only. No herbal information in this book is, in any way, meant as a prescription or medical advice. This information has not been approved by the FDA, AMA, or any other government agency. It is your constitutional right to prescribe for yourself, if you choose to do so. The author assumes no responsibility for the treatments in this book, if you should choose to implement them. Therefore, the government requires the recommendation that you see your health care provider if you have any medical concerns/issues.
Published in California by Blessed Publishing.
http.//amishbooks.wix.com/jebspredemann
All Scripture quotations are taken from the King James Version of the Holy Bible, are not subject to copyright laws, and may be freely copied and/or quoted
Cover design by J.E.B. Spredemann.
Smashwords Edition

BOOKS BY J.E.B. SPREDEMANN *J. Spredemann
AMISH GIRLS SERIES
Joannas Struggle
Danikas Journey
Chloes Revelation
Susannas Surprise
Annies Decision
Abigails Triumph
Brookes Quest
Leah's Legacy
NOVELLAS
Amish by Accident*
An Unforgivable Secret*
A Secret Encounter*
Learning to Love  Saul's Story*
NOVELETTES
Cindy's Story  Amish Fairly Tale

To our Loved Ones who have gone on before us
Grandpa Alcorn, Grandpa and Grandma Tufts, Grandma Klein, Uncle Hal, Cousin Bobby, Oma and Opa Spredemann, Cousin Veronica
Your lives have touched us in ways we don't even realize and you'll be forever remembered in our hearts


Authors Note
It should be noted that the Amish people and their communities differ one from another. There are, in fact, no two Amish communities exactly alike. It is this premise on which this book is written. We have taken cautious steps to assure the authenticity of Amish practices and customs. Both Old Order Amish and New Order Amish are portrayed in this work of fiction and may be inconsistent with some Amish communities.
We, as Englischers, can learn a lot from the Plain People and their simple way of life. Their hard work, close-knit family life, and concern for others are to be applauded. As the Lord wills, may this special culture continue to be respected and remain so for many centuries to come. And may God's light of salvation touch their hearts.


Unofficial Glossary of Pennsylvania Dutch Words

Ach  Oh
Ausbund  Amish hymn book
Bloobier  Blueberry
Boppli  Baby
Bopplin  Babies
Bruder  Brother
Dat, Daed  Dad
Dawdi  Grandfather
Denki  Thanks
Der Herr  The Lord
Dochder  Daughter
Dokter  Doctor
Dummkopp  Dummy
Englischer  A non-Amish person
Ferhoodled  Mixed up, Crazy
Fraa  Woman, Wife
Gott  God
Gut  Good
Gross Dawdi  Great Grandfather
Haus  House
Hullo  Hello
Jah  Yes
Kapp  Prayer Cap
Kumm  Come
Lieb  Love
Liede  Song
Mamm  Mom
Mammi  Grandmother
Mein Liewe  My Dear
Mudder  Mother
Nee  No
Ordnung  Rules of the Amish Community
Rumspringa  Running around years
Schweschder  Sister
Vadder  Father
Vorsinger  Song Leader
Wunderbaar  Wonderful


Table of Contents
Chapter 1 - Tragedy 
Chapter 2  Pennsylvania 
Chapter 3  Adjustments 
Chapter 4  Chores 
Chapter 5  Church 
Chapter 6  First Day of School 
Chapter 7  The Englisch Holiday 
Chapter 8  The Conflict 
Chapter 9  Friends 
Chapter 10  The Secret Meeting 
Chapter 11  The Locket 
Chapter 12  Special Delivery 
Chapter 13 - Cindy 
Chapter 14 - The Confrontation 
Chapter 15  The Surprise 

Chapter 1 - Tragedy 
To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven: A time to be born, and a time to die... Ecclesiastes 3:1-2a

Ri-i-i-i-ing. The seventh-grade students at Lincoln Middle School all took their seats in Ms. Harris' classroom. All right class, put your books away. Today we are going to have a math quiz. Danika Morales groaned along with the rest of the students. She felt a tap on her shoulder, and a piece of folded lined paper fell into her lap. Danika looked up to make sure Ms. Harris didn't see. She opened the note under her desk and read, Is your cell on silent? She quickly wrote back, Yes, and then passed the note back to Cindy as she placed her book in her desk and removed her pencil for the test. She felt her phone vibrate in the front pocket of her hoodie and took it out to glance at the text message. It read, Math is so boring. Danika grinned. Cindy hated math as much as she did. I know how you feel. I don't know how I'll ever make it through medical school! Can't wait till next period, she quickly texted back. 
<><><> 
Hey, Dani, can you come to my house after school today? Cindy asked during lunch. 
She loved spending time with Cindy, especially since her parents owned a nice cottage a block from the beach. Many times the two of them would take their surfboards out to ride some waves, or just sit on the sand and watch the tides roll in. Danika thought for a moment. No, I don't think I can today. My dad said I need to get caught up with my assignments. I hate homework. She rolled her eyes. Besides, she added in a more serious tone, Dad's having another treatment again today. I can't wait until he's done with all that stuff.
Yeah, me too. I've heard it can be rough, her friend sympathized. And now that you mention it, I should probably catch up on my homework too. Cindy sighed. I can't believe my mom and dad are getting a divorce. They were getting along just fine. I don't know what happened. Why does life have to change?
Danika hugged her friend. I don't know. Don't worry. I won't change, I'll be your friend forever, she promised.
<><><> 
When Danika walked through the door of her suburban two-story home, she quickly dropped her backpack on the couch and walked to the refrigerator to find something to eat. After she finished making herself a PBJ sandwich, she picked up her backpack and headed for her room. Since dad won't be home for a while, I can check my email real quick and then finish my homework, Danika thought, as she searched through her backpack to find her smart-phone. She tried to keep her mind on her studies but her thoughts often drifted to her father. She couldn't help but worry about him.
He was at the hospital again today. He had been diagnosed with cancer six months ago and was having another chemotherapy treatment session. The doctors said that the chemo would help him get better, but it definitely didn't make him feel or look any better. When he came home from his treatments, he seemed even worse: he was constantly vomiting, he could hardly eat, and he had begun to lose his hair too. She didn't understand how that could make him get better. It just didn't make any sense. But his oncologist insisted that this was the only way to go, that is, if he wanted to stay alive. Eventually, he'd said, her father's cancer should go into remission.
Danika sympathized with her dad; she couldn't help but bear some of the suffering he was going through. He didn't complain, but she could tell by the look in his eyes that he was in constant pain. She was sure he was just trying to be brave for her sake. After all, he was all she had left. Her mom had passed away in childbirth when Danika was eight years old. Not only did she lose her mother that day, but a much-anticipated baby brother as well. She couldn't bear to lose her father too. Where would she go? How would she survive on her own?
<><><> 
Two hours later, her dad came through the door, assisted by the neighbor who had taken him to his appointment. Today, he had come in using a walker for the first time. This was not a good sign. Danika rushed to him as she noticed his weakened state. Are you okay, Dad? she asked, her concern evident.
I'll be all right, Pumpkin, he answered bravely. I just need to go lie down and rest a while.
To Danika, it seemed as if that's all he ever did lately. He'd come home from his treatments, rest, get really sick, start to feel better again, and then go to another treatment. It was a vicious cycle.
Danika, I want to talk to you about something. Please come and sit on the couch by me, her father requested as he rested on their tan sofa. The neighbor had left and promised to come back again when she was needed. 
What is it, Daddy? 
Honey, I feel like my body is weakening. II don't know how much longer I'll be around. He paused, drawing a labored breath.
Tears filled Danika's eyes. Please don't talk like that, Dad. You're going to be fine. The doctors said 
Shh...it'll be okay. Her father's hand gently stroked her thick nearly-black hair. I love you, Pumpkin.
I can't live without you, Daddy. Please don't leave me here by myself. She sobbed.
Danika, I want you to listen to me. You have to be brave. You will get through this. Do you remember your Uncle Philip? He's your mom's brother  the one that came to Mom's funeral from Pennsylvania.
Danika tried to recall the man. No, Dad, I don't remember.
Philip is a good man. After I'm gone, I'd like you to go and live with him, her father stated wearily, taking her hand.
Danika shook her head in denial. But Daddy, you're not going anywhere. You're staying here with me. You have to! You have to! Danika cried, holding her father's now-limp hand. Daddy? Daddy? She shook his shoulder to try and wake him up, but there was no response. She panicked, breathing heavily. No-o-o! She wept uncontrollably, as she realized her father was gone.
<><><>

Chapter 2  Pennsylvania
...ask for the old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein, and ye shall find rest for your souls. Jeremiah 6:16b 

As Danika stepped off the airplane and into the Harrisburg airport, she glanced around. Really, she didn't even know who she was looking for, just that his name was Philip and he was her uncle. A handsome man approached her wearing a full beard with a straw hat, a blue shirt, black pants, and a pair of suspenders. She could see her mother's kind face in his and instantly knew he was her uncle.
You are Danika, jah? the man asked in a slight Pennsylvania German accent.
Danika looked at the man with questioning eyes. Yes, I am. And you're my Uncle Philip, right?
The man nodded and held out his hand. Yes, I am Philip King, your mamm's bruder. Gut to meet ya. He smiled.
Hi. Danika shook his hand timidly, choked with memories of her mom. Uncle Philip looks so much like Mom. Oh, how I miss her!
I guess you probably don't remember me. It's been awhile. You've grown quite a bit too, Philip said, as they headed toward the baggage claim area. 
Oh, there's my bag, Danika stated, pointing to a large pink suitcase with a hibiscus flower design. Philip grabbed the feminine bag off of the conveyor belt.
My gut friend Tobias will be driving us to Lancaster. We'll be picking up my rig from his place, Philip said as they approached a black car. He placed Danika's bag into the trunk and took the front seat next to Tobias. We should be in Paradise within two hours.
Okay. Um...Uncle Philip, do you mind if I take a little nap? I'm kind of tired from the plane trip. Danika couldn't help the yawn that escaped her lips. In the two weeks since her father's passing, she'd been too anxious to get a decent night's sleep. Thoughts had continually swirled in her mind somewhere between the deep sense of loss over her father to the instability of her pending future, or lack thereof. She fastened her seat belt and leaned onto her small carry-on bag next to her. In minutes, her eyes drifted shut and the male voices in the front seat faded.
Well, here we are, Philip announced as they pulled up to a white two-story in the country. 
Danika sat up and rubbed her eyes. Wow, I can't believe I slept the whole way.
We're not home yet. We still need to drive to Paradise. Why don't you head on over to the barn and I will get your bags. You can wait in the rig if you'd like.
Danika shrugged. Okay, cool. She walked over to the barn and opened the large door. She had to wait a minute until her eyes adjusted to the dimly lit interior. Her eyes roamed the barn in search of Philip's vehicle, but it was nowhere in sight.
Philip walked in behind her and noticed her looking around. 
Danika turned to her uncle. I don't see your truck anywhere, she said.
Truck? A puzzled look crossed Philip's face. He raised his eyebrows and nodded knowingly, then gestured to the far side of the barn. He walked up to an open black, horse-drawn carriage and placed the suitcase in the back seat. Danika's jaw dropped open and she just stood there, staring in disbelief. Philip escorted her to the buggy and helped her up onto the front seat.
Oh wow! she gushed, looking around inside the buggy. This is so cool! I've always wanted to ride in one of these things. Did you rent this just to pick me up?
Philip seemed to be at a loss for words. Uh, well  he stammered.
You are so thoughtful! You really didn't have to go to all that trouble, Danika continued excitedly. That is too sweet. Oh, this is awesome! I can't wait to tell Cindy about this.
Well, I actually didn't rent the buggy  it belongs to me.
Oh. So you give other people rides then? Could you give my friends and me a ride in it sometime? I've never ridden in carriage, so this will be my first time. I've seen them in movies before, and I've always wanted to, but I've never had the opportunity. This is going to be so cool! She bounced on the seat felicitously.
Philip smiled at her enthusiasm, knowing it would be short lived. I don't exactly give people rides, this is how we get around. 
Oh, so what about your car? She cocked her head to one side. Is it in the shop or something?
Nee. No. I mean, this is how we always get around, Philip said, as he clicked his tongue to signal the horse to move. The brown mare started out in a gentle trot, and then slowly picked up speed as they merged onto the road. 
Whoa whoa whoa...wait a minute, what do you mean? Danika asked, not sure she was fully comprehending what he was trying to tell her.
We  I dont own a car. We do not drive automobiles, Philip stated emphatically. We use this spring buggy when the weather is nice and the enclosed gray buggy when it turns cold.
You mean... Realization slowly dawned on her. This is your car?
In a way, yes, he affirmed.
Oh, not as cool as I thought. She grimaced.
Wow! This is going to be interesting. I've got to call Cindy, Danika thought as they traveled toward Paradise...at a very slow pace, she realized. Do you mind if I use your phone to call my friend when we get home? My cell phone is dead and I need to charge it, she asked. 
We don't have a telephone. However, there is one in the herb shop, but it has only been approved for business use. Considering the circumstances, I suppose it'll be okay for you to use it this one time, Philip offered, referring to the health food store that sat next to the house on their property.
Nah, that's okay. I'll just shoot her an email, she said decidedly.
Philip shrugged.
No phone! Oh my, this is going to be an adjustment. First, no car. Then, no phone. What's next, no television? Danika felt herself spiraling into panic mode.
As they pulled into the yard, an obviously pregnant woman came out of the house with two small children in tow. One of them, a little girl, seemed to be about four or five years old. She was dressed in a plain, dark-green dress with a black apron that matched the woman's. The other child, a little boy that appeared to have just started walking, matched Philip  suspenders and all!
Danika, this is my wife, Naomi. And this is Katie and Philip Jr. - we call him PJ for short, Philip said.
Naomi reached out her hand to shake Danika's. Nice to meet you, Danika. Why don't you come on in and get settled? the kind lady offered, as she led the way into the house.
As Danika followed Naomi into the house, she noticed that there were no lights on inside. Now she was really starting to worry. Uh, Mrs. King, why are all the lights off?
You may call me Naomi. 
Why not Mrs. King? Danika wondered.
We don't use fancy Englischer titles. Just a simple name is fine.
Fancy Englischer? Danika questioned. Oh, I'm not English. I'm half Hispanic, actually. She chuckled. And I'd hardly call my jeans and t-shirt fancy.
Englischer means non-Amish and Englischers are fancy compared to the Plain people. 
Okay, so I guess I am a fancy Englischer. I've never fancied myself fancy, she said, giggling again. So, tell me why all the lights are off, Aunt Naomi. I may call you Aunt Naomi, right?
Yes, Aunt Naomi will be fine. We don't use electricity. We use God's light, the sun, for our light during the day, Naomi answered, and at night, we use lanterns.
Wow, Danika said under her breath. You mean like lanterns for camping? I'm always afraid to light those things. She remembered a recent camping trip with Dad, before he'd been diagnosed with cancer. He'd asked her to light the lantern and gave her instructions on how to do it, warning about a possible explosion if she did it wrong. So, shakily, she lit a match and stuck it into the opening. The mantle inside the globe lit, while she held the match with eyes closed, and it gave out a 'poof' sound. Danika had screamed, thinking she'd blown something up. When she opened her eyes, the lantern burned brightly and Dad was chuckling. She told herself she'd never want to light one of those things again.
Jah. I guess they're similar to those.
What does 'yah' mean? 
Jah is 'yes'. Would you like me to show you to your room now? Naomi grinned.
Jah, Danika answered, then giggled.
Naomi smiled. Before you know it, you'll be a regular Amish girl.
A what?
An Amish girl, Naomi repeated. That's what we are  Amish.
Oh. Well, let's not get the cart before the horse! She smiled at her intended pun. I'm still a fancy Englischer, jah?
Jah. Naomi smiled, enjoying her playful spirit. When Philip had explained the situation about his sister Rebekah's daughter needing a home, Naomi hadn't hesitated to welcome their new guest. But she did have reservations about bringing a teenage Englisch girl into their home, though. Philip had assured her that everything would work out according to God's plan. 
Naomi couldn't help but think about the twin daughters she had lost, along with her first husband. They would've been the same age as Danika is now. Was God bringing Danika into her life as way to comfort her for the loss of her daughters? He'd already blessed her with Philip, who was the finest husband she could ever ask for, and then of course, little PJ and the babe she now carried in her womb. She could never have imagined her life would turn out like this. It seemed as if life was a cycle of heartaches and joys, mostly mountains and valleys with a plateau here and there. 
As Naomi showed her niece to her room upstairs, Danika looked around taking everything in. She noticed the walls were mostly unadorned, except for a scenic calendar from Beiler's Hardware Store. Where are your family pictures? 
We don't take photographs. The Amish believe that they are graven images and do not allow them.
Really? Danika gulped. Her hand moved to her chest and clutched the heart locket that hung from her neck. It had been a precious gift to her from her parents on her eighth birthday, and contained a small wedding photo of her mother and father. I could never part with my necklace, she thought to herself worriedly, as tears sprang to her eyes.
<><><> 
After unpacking all of her belongings, Danika tried to figure out where to put her laptop. Oh no, I don't have anywhere to plug it in, she realized disappointedly. She sat the computer on the small desk and pushed the button to turn it on. The battery still had a full charge, so she'd be able to use it for a couple of hours. She quickly sent an email to her friend Cindy:
Hey Cin,
Just thought I'd let you know that I made it here safely. You would not believe this place. It's like I stepped out of the real world and into Little House on the Prairie!! Remember that show my dad used to want to watch all the time? And I'm not joking, either. It's weird. I'm trippin' out a little bit. 
Hey, if I don't email you back it's because my computer battery is dead. No electricity here! I told you, it's like I'm living in a different century. So, could you send me a letter via snail mail? I know it's kind of a pain, but it might be the only way for us to communicate. Oh, and my phone's dead too, but I think my uncle might let me charge it in his health food store. My aunt and uncle seem pretty cool  so far.
Chat later,
Dani
Danika closed her laptop and headed downstairs when she heard Naomi's call. She guessed it was probably time for dinner. 
Will you take the plates from the hutch and set the table? Naomi requested.
Danika noticed a couple of different China sets. Which ones?
Well, since it's a special day, let's use the pink floral set, Naomi remarked, as she set a delicious-smelling pot pie on the table with freshly-squeezed lemonade.
Philip came into the house with PJ toddling close behind him. He washed his hands before giving Naomi a brief peck on the cheek and rubbed her rounded belly. He picked up the little boy and put him in his lap as he sat at the table. PJ immediately bowed his head and waited. Not just yet, PJ. Katie's still in the kitchen, Philip instructed and the little guy lifted his head.
Katie dried her hands, and made her way toward the table. When all were seated, Philip bowed his head signaling he was about to pray. The family all bowed as well. Danika frowned, confused at first, but eventually caught on and bowed her head also. Praying before meals had not been the norm in her childhood home. The silent prayer finished, Philip cleared his throat and everyone raised their heads, except Danika. She kept her head bowed. Philip cleared his throat again. Still, Danika's head was bowed in silence. Finally, Philip declared, Amen and Danika raised her head. Philip and Naomi briefly smiled at one another.
<><><> 
After dinner concluded and the dishes had been washed, dried, and put away, the family gathered in the living room. Katie sat primly on the loveseat beside her new house guest, and PJ sat next to his daed and mamm on the small tan sectional. So, what do you guys do here without a TV? Danika questioned, breaking the silence.
What's a TV? Katie asked.
Oh, it's so cool! You can wat  Danika began to explain, but was abruptly cut off when Philip held up his hand to silence her, sending a look of warning.
It is verboten, Katie. You need not know of wicked Englisch devices.
We spend time with our family. Such as playing games, reading books and talking, Naomi said, recovering the conversation.
Games? Cool, I'll go grab my Game Boy! Danika hopped up, headed for the stairs.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Philip called. Game Boy?
Yeah. Danika halted near the bottom step, looking at them as if they were aliens. You do know what a Game Boy is, right?
Philip and Naomi looked at each other and both shook their heads, adorable PJ mimicked them.
Wow. Danika couldn't get over their deliberate ignorance of modern technological devices. I know you know what a computer is. It's kinda like a small computer with electronic games on it.
We dont play those kinds of games. We play board games, Philip clarified. Danika, how much did your father tell you about us? Philip asked curiously.
Not much at all. I mean, I really didn't even know you guys existed until, like, a couple of weeks ago, she answered. And I had no clue about the whole Amish thing. I just thought you guys were like regular normal people. No offense.
Philip sighed, scratching his chocolate-colored beard. I expect this will not be an easy transition for you. We have certain standards that we live up to.
You got that right. I'm already freakin' out about the no electricity thing. My cell's dead, so I don't know how I'll be able to charge it or my laptop. I won't be able to download any books on my Kindle now either. And how am I supposed to check my Facebook or post on Twitter? I'll be totally out of touch with my friends in Cali. Unless you guys have a Starbucks around here and I can use their Wi-Fi?
With mouths agape, Philip and Naomi looked at each other trying to make sense of what was just said. Danika definitely spoke a different language than what they were used to. Naomi spoke up, We were hoping you could make some new friends here.
You mean Amish ones? I guess that might be sorta cool, Dani answered imperviously.
Naomi can take you to town tomorrow to get some fabric for your dresses, Philip stated.
Dresses? Oh no. I can't wear dresses, I look terrible in them. They make me look too fat, Danika protested.
Naomi and Philip glanced at each other again, puzzled. Naomi reassured Danika, Nobody here will think you're fat. We all dress the same, so you don't need to worry about being made fun of. Besides, you're not fat at all.
You will begin school on Monday, so you'll need to get started making the dresses as soon as possible, Philip suggested.
You want me to wear dresses to school? Danika asked in disbelief. The last time she remembered wearing a dress to school was her first day of kindergarten. And you want me to make them? Her eyes widened.
Naomi will help you if you'd like, Philip offered.
Help me? Do you guys think that I can, like, sew or something? I've never touched a sewing machine in my life. Panic mode was setting in.
There's not much to it. You'll learn quickly. I will show you how to do it step-by-step. No need to worry, Naomi comforted.
Whew! Thanks. Danika sighed. You guys were, like, totally scaring me there for a minute.
Well, enough scaring Danika. Let's read for a while, then we can play some games, Philip stated.
Oh, I love games! Dad and I used to play Checkers all the time. Danika perked up.
Philip loves to play Checkers too. Naomi smiled at Dani. It looks like you're going to make it here just fine.
<><><>

Chapter 3  Adjustments
Let all bitterness...be put away from you. Ephesians 4:31

As Naomi maneuvered the shopping cart around the store, Danika seemed to take a keen interest in the Englisch clothing. She knew this transition was going to be terribly difficult for her niece and hoped that somehow she could make the adjustment more bearable for her. A girl Danika's age already had enough to deal with without adding on the extra burdens of losing a parent, moving to a foreign place, and having to adjust to an Amish lifestyle. Considering everything, Naomi knew Danika was handling things amazingly well. She prayed that God would give her and Philip patience with the girl.
Naomi King. Well, I haven't seen you out lately, Esther Fisher greeted her friend.
Hullo, Esther. I'd like you to meet my niece, Danika. She'll be living with Philip and me now, Naomi stated.
Ach, gut to meet ya. This here's my Jonathan. He's our youngest. Esther patted Jonathan's back. Jonathan, say hello to Danika.
Jonathan peered at Danika under his straw hat, pushing his bangs to the side. He nodded to Danika, then said, Guess what? I got me six aldis at school!
Naomi and Esther both suppressed a chuckle.
Aldis? Danika asked.
It means girlfriends in Englischer's talk, Jonathan informed her.
How many girls are there at school? Danika asked.
Eight. But one's my sister, so she didn't want to be my aldi. Jonathan shrugged. The other one is Susie Hostettler. She said she won't ever be my aldi, but I don't believe her. She's my best girl, but she don't like me none. Jonathan's shoulders now sagged.
Oh, I'm sorry, Danika offered, feeling sorry for the boy.
Jonathan's eyes perked up. Would you like to be my aldi too? I ain't never had an Englisch aldi.
Naomi abruptly spoke up before Jonathan was able to continue his shenanigans, Esther, I think Danika and I should get over to the sewing section now. We've got some dresses to make if Danika's going to make it to school next week.
After bidding the Fishers farewell, Naomi and Danika quickly found their desired area of the store. Well, here's the fabric. Go ahead and pick out a few colors. Naomi stepped back so Danika could view the myriad of fabrics. Animal prints, calicoes, and television cartoon characters seemed to dominate the wall space, but many solid colors were present as well. Wal-Mart usually has a decent selection.
Yikes, that's a lot of material to choose from. Oh, here's a nice one, Danika exclaimed, pulling out a bolt of pink and white floral material.
I'm sorry, but we only wear plain colors - no designs, Naomi stated apologetically.
I could stick with red or fuchsia.
We wear burgundy, dark green, dark blue, and purple.
I guess it's purple then.
You may get some of each if you'd like. I'm sure you don't want to wear the same color every day. We'll also need some black for your aprons and some white organdy for your prayer kapp, Naomi stated, pointing to her own.
Oh, wow. I'm going to look so lame in one of those things, Danika thought to herself, then said in contrast, Yeah, I guess that might be sort-of cool. 
<><><> 
As Naomi sat at the treadle sewing machine, Danika leaned over her enthralled, watching every stitch. Hey, that's pretty awesome. Do you really think I can learn to do it? Dani asked, now thoroughly interested in the sewing project.
Jah. It's really not that difficult once you get the hang of it. Would you like to try? Naomi offered, as she stood up and moved the chair back.
Sure, but what if I break it? Danika said apprehensively as she sat in front of the machine.
You won't, Naomi assured. Okay, now place your feet on the treadle. Naomi pointed to the floor. Now, put your right hand on the wheel and turn it toward you. Danika did as told, and the material started moving under the needle. Now keep it going with your feet and guide the material with your left hand. Try to keep it straight. You're doing gut, Naomi said, as Danika effortlessly moved the fabric and pumped the treadle simultaneously. 
Hey, I think I'm going to like this. It's kinda fun. Danika smiled. 
It usually takes a while to get the hang of it, but you appear to be a natural. You're pretty good at it too. Look at those stitches, Naomi encouraged.
By the end of the day, they had already completed one of Danika's dresses and an apron. Surprisingly, Dani was excited to try on her new threads. Hey, I guess I don't look too fat in these after all, she said, as she modeled one of her dresses for Naomi and Katie.
<><><> 
After dinner that evening, Naomi and Danika washed, dried, and put the dishes away. Philip, Katie, and PJ waited in the living room for the ladies to finish up the chores. When they finally arrived, Philip began reading from the book of John. Danika listened intently, trying to understand every word. Although there had been a Bible at her home in California, she had never really read it for herself. Jesus answered and said unto him, Philip read. Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.
Uncle Philip, Danika asked genuinely, what does that mean  except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God? Even if my mother was still alive, it would be physically impossible for me to be born a second time.
Philip chuckled. That's what Nicodemus tried to tell Jesus  that physical rebirth was impossible. But Jesus wasn't talking about physical rebirth; he was speaking of spiritual birth.
Spiritual birth? asked Danika, eyebrows mirroring her perplexity.
Yes. Naomi joined the conversation. Verse five says, except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
Oh, I see  being 'born of water' means getting baptized, Dani said. 
No, not at all. Being born of water is to be born physically. Have you ever heard someone ask a woman in labor if her water broke? 
No, but I've seen it on TV. Danika added, So, that's the water this is talking about?
That's right, the physical birth. And being born of the Spirit obviously means being born spiritually. Jesus explains this in verse six. When you are born of the Spirit, you are born again. When you accept Jesus as your Saviour, that's when you are born a second time  that's when you become a Christian.
Danika appeared baffled at Naomi's words. But I was baptized when I was a baby, and Dad said that you become a Christian when you are baptized  at least, that's what the priest told him.
Baptism doesn't make you a Christian; it shows you are a Christian.
Oh, it's like Mom's and Dad's wedding rings  the rings didn't make them married, they just showed that they were married.
Right. Heaven is God's Kingdom and to go to Heaven, Jesus said we must be born again.
But the priest said that we must keep the sacraments. You know: go to mass, confirmation, partake of the Holy Eucharist, pray the rosary, and all that stuff, if we hope to make it into Heaven.
Philip and Naomi looked at each other in bewilderment. We kind of used to think that way too. I mean, that by doing the right things we could earn our way to Heaven. But we were wrong. I'm afraid those things are all referred to as 'works of righteousness' in the Bible. Those things can never get us to Heaven. Isaiah sixty-four says that 'all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags', they are detestable to God, Philip explained. 
Naomi added, If we try to make it to Heaven with our own works, that means that we've rejected God's gift  his precious Son  the only acceptable payment for our sins, and we're trying to pay for them ourselves, which is impossible.
Wow! Danika let it all sink in. So there's nothing that I can do?
Just believe. Simply place your trust in the blood that Jesus shed for you when he died on the cross. He promises to wash away all your sins and give you eternal life, Philip offered. If you could work your way to Heaven, then Jesus would have died for no reason at all.
Dude, that's heavy, Danika commented as Philip and Naomi briefly locked eyes again. 
The only question is now that you know, what will you do about it? Naomi questioned.
I'll have to think about it, that's for sure...and for certain. She looked teasingly at Naomi and Philip and they smiled. I'm going up to my room now. I'll think about it, I promise. Good night. She started up the stairs.
Danika, Naomi called. Dani stopped and turned to face her aunt. Please, don't put this decision off. It determines your eternal destiny, she pressed, with an urgent pleading tone in her voice.
In her room, Danika thought it over. I'd like to go to Heaven. God, why did Mom and Dad have to die? Danika waited, but the answer never came. I dont understand. I wish I could talk to them right now! She frowned as tears welled up in her eyes. She thought about her parents' deaths and the unfairness of it all, and the tears threatened to spill onto her cheeks. God, if You really loved me, You wouldn't have taken my mom and dad away. It's just not fair. 
Danika threw herself on her bed and cried until she couldn't cry anymore. She stared stonily at the door and allowed bitterness to creep into her heart and take root. Why should I have to do things His way? I hate God. And I won't ever forgive Him for taking Mom and Dad! Never. Exhausted, she fell into a troubled sleep.
<><><>

Chapter 4  Chores
The heart of the wise teacheth his mouth, and addeth learning to his lips. Proverbs 16:23

Danika, wake up. Danika. Naomi firmly shook Dani's shoulder. 
Danika moaned. Who... where... wha... She looked at Naomi who held up a lantern. Aside from the light emanating from Naomi's hand, Danika's room was completely dark. It was pitch-black outside her window as well, and cold.
Danika, it's 5:15 already. Do you plan to sleep all day? Naomi gently chided her.
Five-fifteen? In the morning? Oh, leave me alone! Danika murmured as she sank back onto her bed. 
Naomi walked out of the room muttering, You leave me no choice. 
It seemed like only a minute had passed before Danika felt ice cold water being splashed in her face. What the... She sprang up out of bed, now fully awake.
Good morning, bright eyes! Naomi grinned with a dripping cup in her hand. Works every time. All right, first of all, you'll make your bed. Next, you'll be helping Philip and Katie milk the goats and feed the chickens  after you get dressed, of course. And then you'll be helping me make breakfast, and afterward you and Katie will do the dishes, Naomi replied with a twinkle in her eyes.
You know, you can be pretty bossy sometimes, Danika accused, rubbing the water from her face. 
Naomi took this thought into consideration. That's quite possible, but talking about it isn't going to do you any good  Amish life isn't exactly easy. You'd be hard-pressed to find a lazy Amish person. She smiled and announced, All right, let's hurry now. You're burning daylight. 
Danika grabbed her dress and quickly put it on. I'm trying to hurry. It's more like I'm burning nightlight, five fifteen in the morning, she mumbled to herself as she put her stockings and shoes on. She hurried downstairs struggling with her prayer kapp, her hair flowing around her shoulders. Naomi saw Danika and rushed to her aid. 
Here, let me help you with that. Naomi quickly wrapped Danika's hair into a tight bun and fastened it with five stainless-steel hairpins. You have incredibly thick hair, Danika. It's so beautiful and dark, Naomi commented as she helped Danika fasten her white prayer kapp over her hair. 
Dad said I have his hair and his eyes, but I have Mom's face.
Well, you have your mother's nose for sure and for certain. Philip said that he and your mother had the same nose, and yours matches your uncle's. Kumm. She motioned. Take this lantern. Naomi thrust a lantern in Danika's left hand. And a bucket. Naomi picked up a bucket and gave it to Danika who took it in her other hand. There, now go out to the barn. Philip and Katie are waiting for you. They will show you how to milk the goats. Naomi shooed her out the door.
These people are psycho, she decided. Danika hurried toward the other building behind the house. She heard some goats crying inside and a girl's voice hushing and scolding them. Hush up now, Buttercup. There's no need to cause a bunch of ruckus, you silly old goat.
That's it, Katie  you're gettin' the hang of it. My little helper will soon be able to milk the goats all by herself, Philip praised Katie. Kumm, Danika. Have a seat. Did you sleep all right? Philip pulled up a small wooden stool for her.
She huffed and sat down. Well, I was sleeping fine until  
Let me guess. The old water trick? Philip laughed, smiling mischievously. Danika nodded in confirmation. So, have you ever milked goats? Danika shook her head. Well, that's all right. You get to learn something new today. First of all... he continued to explain all the steps and then showed her how to milk a goat.
Okay, I'd like to give it a try now. Danika took one of the teats in her hand and started squeezing, not pulling, the way Philip had shown her. 
That's good. Just keep doing it the same way, Philip encouraged. When he wasn't looking, she pointed the teat at Philip and squirted some milk in his face. 
Oops! Sorry. Dani laughed, and Katie giggled too.
Philip responded with a smile, An accident, huh?
Yeah, just like this, she proceeded to shoot him with a steady stream of goat's milk.
Hey, now, let's not waste too much of that. We'll need it for breakfast and to make cheese later. Not to mention my customers who come in to the health food store to buy it, Philip cautioned, as milk flew onto his face and in his beard.
Okay, okay. Danika resigned to milking the goats carefully.
<><><> 
Danika proudly carried the goats' milk into the house and Katie followed behind her with a basket of eggs. Naomi was kneading dough in the kitchen when she noticed Philip coming in through the back door. He still had a little milk dripping from his beard.
What happened to you? Naomi asked Philip.
Philip just nodded his head toward Danika who was wearing a mischievous grin. 
She got him good, Mama! Katie divulged, and they all burst into laughter.
<><><> 
Danika heard a knock at the door. She called, Naomi, there's someone at the door.
From the kitchen she heard Naomi reply, Oh, that must be Joanna and Chloe.
Don't worry, I'll get it. Dani stood up from the sofa, put down the book she was reading, and swiftly walked to the door. She opened it and saw two girls about her age standing outside the door. Both of the girls looked surprised at first, but quickly composed themselves. Come in. Danika motioned with her hands.
As both of the girls came inside, one of them asked, Is Naomi here?
Danika nodded. Yeah, she's here. Let me get her real quick. Naomi strode into the room with paper in hand.
Good morning, Joanna. Good morning, Chloe. 
Good morning, Naomi, they replied in unison.
Joanna glanced at Danika and said to Naomi, You have company, jah? I hope we didn't interrupt.
Oh, Naomi replied. No, this is Danika. She's Philip's niece. She's living with us now.
Hello, Danika. I'm Joanna Fisher, She held out her hand.
And I'm Chloe Esh. Nice to meet you.
Where are you from? Joanna asked curiously, noting she hadn't seen her around the area before.
California, Dani stated.
I didn't know there were any Amish settlements in California, Chloe piped in, eyeing her Amish garb.
Danika was an Englischer before she came here, Naomi added. But we can discuss that over lunch. Right now, you girls should be off. She handed a list to one of the girls and they hurried out the door. 
Danika turned to Naomi, What are they doing?
Oh, the girls deliver honey for me. They've been working for me for a couple of years now.
Danika appeared to be thinking. Where did they get those scooters from?
There's an Amish man that owns a shop in town; it's called Beiler's Hardware. He's kin to the Fishers. Joanna's uncle, in fact. He makes them and sells them to the Amish and English.
Naomi, when do I get my allowance? Danika asked innocently.
What do you mean?
Allowance. The money for doing my chores.
Money for doing chores? Why, I've never heard of such a thing. Naomi laughed.
Danika frowned. You've got to be kidding me, right?
Naomi shook her head. No, I'm quite serious.
You mean, I've been doing all this work and I'm not even going to get paid for it. Danika's temper was visibly rising.
You get to live in this house, eat all of your meals, and you have clothes to wear, Naomi reminded her.
But I'm a kid, you guys are supposed to give me that stuff! How am I going to buy anything for myself? Danika stated selfishly.
We Amish live very simple lives. We don't need fancy things to make us happy. God provides for our needs, and that is sufficient, Naomi said contently.
Oh, that's just great, Danika declared sarcastically. I thought I was coming to Paradise, instead I end up in Amish Hell! She spun herself around and startled when Philip stood directly in front of her. His arms crossed over his chest.
Danika! With calmness he didnt feel, Philip tried to choose his words carefully, I am glad that you've come here to live with us. But I will not tolerate that kind of speech. You have spoken disrespectfully to Naomi and you will apologize to her.
No, I will not! Danika shouted, as she ran out the back door.
Exasperated, Naomi threw up her hands. Philip, I've never been spoken to that way before. I'm afraid I don't know how to deal with an Englisch young person.
Philip embraced his trembling wife. Knowing this incident was causing undue stress for her pregnancy, he attempted to comfort her. It will get easier, Liewe, I promise.
<><><> 
Danika ran until she could run no more. Tears streamed down her face, as she sat in the grass against a tall pine tree in a dense wooded area. Her energy spent, she lay down using her folded hands as a pillow and fell into an exhausted asleep.
Clip-clop, clip-clop, clip-clop. Danika shot up at the sound of the hoof beats, and looked around. Before her stood a young Amish man about her own age. He was dressed in suspenders and wearing a straw hat over what looked like a blond surfer haircut. Wow, this guys a babe! she thought. He stared at her curiously. 
Hello, he said timidly. 
What are you doing out here? she asked.
I guess I should ask you the same thing. My name is Eli  Eli Yoder. He held out his hand.
Danika, she answered, purposely withholding her last name. 
I haven't seen you around here before, he stated, questions evident on his handsome face.
Well, I'm kinda new to the area. I live with the Kings. Just got here a few days ago.
Welcome. He smiled. You live with Philip King, the herb dokter? 
Uncle Philip's a doctor? Danika was amazed by this new-found information.
For these parts, jah...He's your uncle and ya didn't know? Eli asked in disbelief.
Well, I thought he just owned a health food store. Nobody bothered to tell me anything about him being a doctor. How was I supposed to know? She crossed her arms over her chest.
There's no need for you to get all upset about it.
I'm sorry, I'm just a little on-edge right now, she apologized.
Jah, I could sorta tell. Do you mind me asking what for?
It's kind of a long story.
I have some time, I don't mind, he said, offering his ear. He plopped down next to her.
Danika sighed. I don't really know where to start. My mom died when I was eight years old. She was giving birth to my baby brother, and there were complications. We ended up losing my baby brother too. Eli looked at her with compassion in his light-blue eyes, but said nothing. She continued, My Dad got cancer about six months ago, and now I've lost him too, she choked out the last words.
I'm really sorry you had to go through all that, Danika, Eli sympathized.
Now, I'm stuck here in Amishville. I had to leave my friends, my school, my home, and not to mention the beach in California to come to the middle of nowhere. Everybody here tells me what to do and when to do it, and I'm tired of it. She felt better after getting all of that off her chest.
Eli wasn't sure just what to say to her. Her story didn't relate to his at all. Well, we all have things that we have to do whether we want to or not.
What do you mean by that? Danika lowered her eyebrows in question.
Take Philip or my vadder, for example, they have to work hard at a job all day long to provide for their families. Mamm has to prepare meals for everyone and wash all the clothes. If you think about it, we have more freedom than they do, Eli explained.
I guess I never thought about it that way before. Danika pondered his words.
Danika, I can tell that losing your folks has been hard on you, and I'm sorry. But don't take it out on other people. Philip and Naomi are nice folks and I'm sure they just want what's best for you. Besides, I don't think they're used to having a stubborn Englisch girl living with them. He hoped to coax a smile out of her.
Hey, how did you know I was an Englischer?
I can just tell, he simply replied.
Is that bad or good?
Well... He didn't dare answer that one. He looked at his horse and changed the subject. Can I give you a ride home?
You didn't answer my question, she protested.
A wise man knows when some things are better left unsaid. He smiled and hopped onto his horse. Well, what do you say? He patted the back of the horse and offered his hand.
Sure, why not. Danika smiled, as she took his hand and carefully swung her leg over the back end of the horse. 
You may hold on to my shirt if you need to, he offered.
Thanks for being a friend, Eli. I needed one. I'm glad I met you today, Dani said as they neared the King residence.
Me, too. Will I see you in school on Monday?
Yeah, I think I'll be there.
Danika, anytime you need someone to talk to... Eli smiled.
I'll remember that. Bye, Eli. She waved as he rode off.
<><><> 
As Danika walked into the house, she noticed the family was already sitting in the living room, as they did every evening after dinner. Philip and Naomi looked at one another, not knowing what to expect of Danika, before she came into the room. She ran to Naomi and wrapped her arms around her, tears streaming from her eyes. I'm sorry, Naomi. Philip nodded his head at Naomi and gave her a smile behind Danika's back. She then turned to Philip. Sorry, Uncle Philip.
I kept some dinner warm for you, if you're hungry. It's on the stove, Naomi offered.
But I haven't done my chores yet, Danika surprisingly responded.
They have already been done. There will be plenty more tomorrow, Philip stated. You may eat now.
Relieved, Danika scarfed down her food. She couldn't believe how hungry she was until she realized that she hadn't eaten since breakfast early this morning. When she had finished, she asked to retire to her room early where she collapsed on her bed, exhausted from the day's ordeal.
<><><> 

Chapter 5  Church
Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another... Hebrews 10:25a

Everybody's gone surfin', surfin' U.S.A. Danika sang reminiscently as she splashed water on herself in the bathtub. She heard a gentle knock on the door of the bathroom. Just wait, please. I'm bathing right now. 
From the other side of the door she heard a soft, high-pitched voice say, It's me, Katie. I gotta go potty bad!
Danika sighed with relief and replied, Okay, you may come in, Katie.
The door opened and Katie walked in, quickly shutting the door behind her. Katie watched Danika curiously as she resumed her singing, Inside, outside, U.S.A. Inside, outside, U.S.A. Everybody's gone surfin', surfin' U.S.A. Danika noticed that Katie was watching her and stopped singing. 
Dani, what's surfin'? Katie asked with large innocent eyes.
You mean, you've never heard of surfing? 
Katie shook her head indicating she hadn't.
Oh, yeah. Danika remembered. You've never been to the beach. You poor thing, she sympathized and started to explain, Well, okay, I guess the ocean is kind of like a big huge bathtub.
You mean like Miller's Pond?
Danika shrugged her shoulders, never having been to Miller's Pond. Yeah, I guess so, but its much bigger than a pond. You can't see the other side because it's thousands of miles away. It's so massive, it's unreal.
But if it's not real, how can you see it?
No, no. I just mean that it's so big, it's amazing. Not that it isn't real.
But you said 
Never mind what I said, Danika answered. It's just really big.
Wow, I think I'd be too scared to go in there.
I know, I sometimes get scared too. The ocean has waves that go like this. Danika took her hand and moved the water around in a wave-like motion. The waves are very powerful and they'll come crashing down on you  that is, if you dont know what to do. And if you're not really careful, the waves will carry you away and nobody will ever see you again. But if you know how to do it right, you can get on a surfboard and ride on top or inside of the waves.
What's a surfboard?
It's a board made out of special material. People use them to stand on to ride the waves, like this. Danika put two of her fingers on top of a bar of soap as if they were surfing. They have different sizes, but the one I used was about three feet taller than your daddy is. It is called a longboard. Surfing is a big deal in California, and it's so much fun! I've always been too scared to ride on the really big waves, but my friend Cindy does it all the time. She lives right next door to the beach... Danika's voice trailed off and she was lost in her thoughts for a minute, but she soon snapped back. Anyway, I better hurry up and get out of here so we won't be late.
<><><> 
Philip let one of the young men from their district lead their horse to the Fishers barn. The Sunday-Go-To-Meetings were always held every other week at various homes in their church district. This week, Gideon and Esther Fisher would be hosting the service. The inside walls of the house had been removed and the porch had been closed in, with the benches set up inside.
Philip went to the barn to join the other men, and Danika was taken aback when she saw the men giving each other a kiss...on the lips! Uh, Naomi, why are the guys kissing each other? Danika asked as they headed toward the main house.
Naomi laughed. The Bible says to greet one another with a holy kiss and they do it literally.
Oh, Danika said worriedly. I hope nobody tries to kiss me.
Naomi and Danika stepped up onto the porch, entered through the back door, and came into the kitchen, which was bustling with Amish women. Naomi found Esther Fisher and offered her assistance. Dani noticed Joanna was helping prepare the food and asked if she could help. 
It's not necessary, but denki. I'm just about finished up now. Would ya like to sit with me and Chloe during meeting? Joanna offered kindly.
I'll have to ask my aunt first, Danika answered, and then walked over to Naomi. She returned a short while later with a disappointed look. She said maybe next time. I guess she doesn't trust me yet.
That's okay. We'll have plenty of time at the common meal after the meeting, Joanna encouraged.
Naomi joined Danika, when she noticed the men were heading toward the house, and they sat down on one of the wooden benches toward the back of the living room. The ladies with small children and babies often sat in the back in case they needed to get up and leave during the service. Oftentimes, diapers needed to be changed and the babies needed to be fed, so the women would go to an upstairs room to care for their little ones. Naomi's reason for sitting in the back was two-fold. She not only sat back there for PJ, but also for herself. Women who are 'in the family way', as they call it, often need to use the restroom much more frequently than others, Naomi had informed Danika. 
The men, women, and children all dressed in their for-gut clothing, filed in and took their seats. Danika thought it odd that the men came in first, and that males and females sat on opposite sides facing each other. She noticed that the young, single men and women sat in the first couple of rows nearest the front. She would have been with them, had she not needed to sit near Naomi.
The Ausbund hymnals had been passed out prior to their arrival and an older man with a long white beard began singing in a slow chant-like style. The others joined in singing shortly thereafter. Danika had no clue what they were singing but she tried to follow along in the German hymnal which contained no musical notation. It seemed as though she tried to sing everything too quickly, so she kept her voice low. The church leaders congregated in an upstairs room, as the congregation sang. 
After two long hours of singing, praying, and preaching had passed, Danika wondered if the service would ever come to an end. Her back started hurting and her bottom had fallen asleep. She thought about joining Naomi, who had gone upstairs with PJ, but she decided against it. She looked over to where the men and boys sat and tried to locate Eli, to no avail. She could see the backs of Joanna's and Chloe's prayer kapps. Oh well, I guess if I can endure being in school all day then I can get through this.
Finally, the service ended and the men moved some of the benches into make-shift tables with the benches for the seats. They filed outside and the women and older girls put a place setting out for each person, and set the food out on the tables. After patiently waiting for the men and older folk to eat, the women and children took their turns. Danikas stomach roared voraciously when the delicious smells assaulted her senses, making her doubly glad she had eaten an extra portion at breakfast.
Chloe and Joanna joined Danika after the meal. Would ya like to play volleyball? Some of the young people set up a net and they're going to start a game soon, Chloe said.
You guys actually play volleyball? Oh, I'd love to! Danikas face brightened. Naomi, may I please, please, please go play? she begged.
Go have fun, but don't get into trouble, Naomi said.
The girls scampered off to where the game was just getting started. They jumped in, and Danika spiked the ball down quickly to the opposing side of the net. The other players looked at each other in disbelief. When Danika's turn to serve came she pitched the ball flawlessly over the net, then jumped back in when the ball flew her way. She bumped the ball up to the front row where her teammate spiked it over to the other side, resulting in another point for their team.
After winning two games in a row, the girls decided to take a rest. I didn't know you could play so well, Chloe complemented. 
We played all the time back home. Aside from surfing, volleyball is, like, my favorite sport, Danika stated.
What's surfing? Joanna asked.
Well, it's not that easy to explain. Why don't you guys come over sometime and I'll show you? Dani offered, and the girls nodded in affirmation. How about today?
I'll have to ask my dat, Joanna stated.
Jah, me too. Chloe nodded.
Dude, that would be so cool. You guys will love it. Danika smiled. Hey, what are you guys going to be for Halloween?
The girls now sat down on the grass, not far from Jonathan and his friends. Halloween? Joanna asked.
Ach, she must mean the Englischer holiday, Chloe offered.
Yeah. You know, when kids dress up in costumes and go door to door for candy, Dani explained.
Nee, we do not do that. It is wrong to dress up as someone you are not. That is a very bad day. Mamm said it is a holiday for the devil, Chloe insisted.
Joanna changed the subject. We'll go ask if we can come over to Philip King's house now. She and Chloe stood up from their places in the grass, leaving Danika to ponder the differences between where she'd come from and this strange new place.
Hey, Danika!
Dani looked up to see Jonathan Fisher and his two friends standing near. Yeah?
What is this Halloween? Jonathan wanted to know.
Well, most of the kids dress up in costumes and go around to people's houses and ask for candy, she said.
Jonathan's eyes lit up. Candy?
Yes, they give you lots of candy, Danika said. But I guess I won't be getting any this year, because it's coming up this Friday night and I don't even have a costume. Hey, I bet I could go dressed just like this and everybody would think I dressed up.
Where do the Englisch children go to get all this candy? Matthew Riehl asked, looking at Jonathan and Joshua, then beck to Danika again.
Just to the houses in town. I wish I could go, but I'm sure Uncle Philip wouldn't let me. She shrugged. Well, I better go. It looks like they're getting in the buggy now.
<><><> 
Later on toward evening, Joanna and Chloe knocked on the door. 
I wonder who's here, Philip commented to Naomi.
I'm not expecting anybody, Naomi stated.
Danika came running down the stairs toward the door and was nigh unto opening it when Philip spoke, Whoa, there. Danika, did you invite somebody over?
Yes, I invited Joanna and Chloe, Danika stated.
Next time, you need to ask us before inviting someone over, he stated, raising his eyebrows.
Okay, sorry. Dani felt bad, having let her aunt and uncle down again.
There was another knock at the door and Philip nodded. You may let them in. 
As the girls came into the house, they greeted Philip, Naomi, and the children. Danika decided she'd better ask before taking the girls upstairs. Do you mind if we go upstairs to my room? she asked, looking at Philip with pleading eyes.
I think that would be fine...for a little while. To that, the girls excitedly went up the stairs to Dani's room. They looked around and noticed her laptop and cell phone sitting on the desk. The girls looked at each other worriedly as Danika turned her computer on. They had been well informed that the devices transported wickedness and were forbidden in their district. They wondered if they should speak up in protest.
You've got to see this really cool video that Cindy's brother shot of us surfing, Danika stated, her voice full of enthusiasm. There we go, she said as the video started playing. In the distance, they could see two figures standing on long boards on top of a wave.
That looks like fun, Chloe said looking at Joanna, who wasn't quite so sure.
As the video zoomed in close, the girls quickly looked away covering their eyes. 
What's wrong? Danika asked looking confused.
You're not wearing clothes, Joanna stated matter-of-factly.
Oh, sure we are. We have our bathing suits on. See? Danika pointed to their bikinis.
No, those are undergarments...unmentionables. They're not appropriate to wear in public, Chloe said.
Okay, okay, I'll turn it off. Danika felt disappointed that her new friends didn't share her love of surfing. I don't see what the big deal is. Everybody wears bikinis at the beach.
God does not want us to show our bodies to each other. Mamm said we are supposed to dress modestly so we don't tempt the boys into sinning with their eyes, Joanna explained.
You guys talk an awful lot about God. I'm not so sure I even believe in God, Danika shared.
How can you not believe in God? Chloe was shocked.
Well, I prayed to Him about something and He didn't answer me.
How do you know He didn't answer you? Joanna asked.
Because He let my mom, my brother, and my dad die. I never even got to hold my baby brother, a tear spilled down Dani's cheek.
Gottes ville. Sometimes God's answer is no. We have to accept that God knows what's best for us even when we don't understand. It's called faith. Joanna sat close to Danika and put her arm around her. 
I don't have faith, Dani stated sadly. I can't understand why God would want to take my parents away and leave me all alone. It isn't fair. I don't think I can put faith in a God I can't see.
You must trust Him, because He can see things we cannot. Maybe there was a reason He brought you here. God will give you faith if you ask Him, Chloe advised. 
I think I might try, Dani conceded.
That's when they all heard Naomi holler up the stairs, Who wants cookies and milk? At once, the girls smiled at each other and rushed downstairs for a treat.
<><><> 
After the girls had left and dinner was complete, Katie helped Naomi with the dishes and Danika cleared the table. Danika could hear Katie attempting to sing the Beach Boys song that she had been singing earlier in the bathtub. Everybody can go surfing, surfing in the UFA, she sang aloud to Naomis astonishment.
Katie, where did you hear such a song? Naomi thought of Danika and looked her way.
Dani sings it, Mamm. And this is how you surf. She showed her mother as she put her two fingers on a plate and pushed it around in the dish water.
Naomi chided Danika, Ach, do you have to bring your Englischer music into this house? Now she'll probably have that worldly song in her head her whole life.
Sorry, Naomi. I wasn't thinking about that. I didnt think it was a big deal, Danika offered.
Well, it is a big deal. We strive hard to keep worldliness out of our lives. Naomi turned to Katie and instructed her, Katie, we don't sing Englischer music, especially on the Lord's day.
We just sing the hymns from the Ausbund, jah? Katie inquired.
That's right, Naomi said, giving Danika a disapproving look.
Danika sighed to herself, I can't do anything right around here.
<><><> 


Chapter 6  First Day of School
Teach me good judgment and knowledge... Psalm 119:66a

As promised, Joanna and Chloe showed up at the King residence early Monday morning. They had offered to escort their new friend to school on her first day. Today, they came on foot since Danika didn't own a scooter. Maybe you can ask Philip to buy you a scooter, Joanna suggested as they left the house, lunch pails in hand.
I'd like one, but I don't think I should ask him for anything just yet, she said as she thought about the eggshells she'd been walking on lately. She desperately wanted to please her aunt and uncle, but it seemed like everything she did landed her in trouble. She definitely was not accustomed to all the rules and regulations her new Amish community imposed. Let's talk about something else. You guys probably have some stories to tell.
It looked as though Chloe was searching her brain for something interesting to say, but Joanna spoke first, Do you like horses, Danika?
I guess. I've never really ridden one before. Except for the other day with El  she stopped short, unsure of whether she wanted to divulge their secret meeting.
Were you going to say Eli? Chloe asked wide-eyed. As in Eli Yoder?
Why do you ask that way? Is something wrong with him? Danika wondered.
Nee, Joanna answered. He's in a different church district.
So, who cares? Danika obviously didn't see the point. She had been friends with people from all kinds of different churches back in California.
It's a big deal, Chloe stated. And I'm sure Philip and Naomi would care.
So, you're saying that I can't be friends with Eli just because he goes to a different church? You guys really baffle me. I don't know if I'll ever understand this whole Amish thing.
That's not it. Joanna attempted to explain, A couple of years ago there was a huge church split. The bishop changed some rules to the Ordnung and Eli's father fought it tooth and nail.
What's Ordnung? Danika asked.
The Ordnung are the rules that the Amish church abide by, Chloe stated.
So, what was the big deal? Why did Eli's dad fight it?
Well, I guess he didn't agree with the changes. He wanted to hang on to the Old Ways, the way things have always been done. The bishop asked Philip to try to reason with him, and he attempted to explain how the new way would be better for his family. Well, Jacob Yoder became quite upset and ended up leaving our church district, convincing several other families to leave with him. They formed Bishop Mast's district as a result. He resented your uncle for trying to persuade him and his family and vowed to never speak to Philip King again, Joanna explained.
Oh. Danika voiced her thoughts, It didn't seem like Eli had anything against Philip.
Oh no, Eli is real nice about it. I think he even secretly agrees with the new ways. It's just, I don't know how his daed would feel about him being friends with you  living in the same house and being Philip's niece and all. 
Bummer. Why does life have to be so difficult, Danika stated more than asked. Everything seems so complicated here.
So, you really like Eli, huh? Chloe pried. 
Danika ducked her head to escape their knowing eyes. He's the first friend I made here. He's so nice and really smart too. Dani smiled as she relived the short time they'd spent talking in the woods.
Joanna and Chloe exchanged a meaningful glance. Well, at least he still goes to the same school. Our school is a lot closer than the school in their church district, so his daed allowed him and the children to stay.
Danika blushed. Really? You mean he'll be there today? Shed forgotten about that. She couldn't wipe the smile off her face now. Danika lifted her eyes to see if the school was in sight yet. She was beginning to believe the stories her mother told about when she was young shed had to walk five miles in the snow to get to school every day. So, what were you guys saying about the horses? she asked, realizing the need to change the subject before her friends noticed her obvious crush.
Before we answer that, may I ask you something? Chloe tilted her head. 
Sure, I guess.
Why do you keep calling us 'guys'? We are girls, you know. 
Danika laughed at Chloe's question. It's just something we say back in California. You know, just like you guys, oops, I mean, the Amish have their sayings. Like 'for sure and for certain' and 'ain't'.
Oh, I see. It just feels strange to be called by a man's title. Chloe shrugged. Now about the horses...me and Joanna, we ride horses all the time. 
Race them too, Joanna added quietly. Just don't tell anyone I said that.
Your secret is safe with me. Remember, you guys know my secret too, Danika replied while pretending to zip her lips.
The girls giggled. So, do you think you will like school here? Chloe queried.
I don't know. I'm awfully nervous but at least I have some friends. Danika sighed heavily. It would be easier if my dad was here. He always encouraged me to do my best in school.
What did you're parents look like? Joanna wondered.
I have a picture of them. Just a minute. Danika felt around her neck and brought out a locket and opened it. It held two small photographs; one was a wedding photo of her parents embraced in each other's arms, and in the other photo Danika sat in between her mother and father. Shed been just two years old when the photo was taken, but she remembered it well.
It's very pretty, Chloe commented, but we're not allowed to have pictures...or jewelry.
Danika held up her hands in protest. There's no way I'm giving up my locket. It's one of the few things I have left of my parents. Please don't tell anyone that I have it, Danika requested desperately.
Sure, you don't have to worry about us telling anybody, Joanna spoke for both girls.
<><><> 
Danika was apprehensive when she first entered the schoolyard. She was unsure how she would be treated since she was an outsider. Will I be judged because of my skin color? she wondered privately, noting that she had the darkest hair and skin of all the students. It was different in California. There had been much diversity, so she felt comfortable. But here, she was clearly the only Mexican. She took a nervous breath.
The other scholars quickly turned around to take a peek at the new girl, Eli Yoder being one of them. He flashed a big smile and she noticed how perfectly straight his teeth were. And how handsome he was. She smiled back at him, and then quickly looked away as she felt her face flush. She could feel that his eyes were still on her as she walked up the steps into the classroom with Joanna and Chloe.
Danika, this is our teacher, Grace, Chloe introduced. She's Joanna's sister.
Nice to meet you, Miss Fisher. Danika tried to be polite. She doesn't look that much older than me, she thought to herself.
Gut to meet you too. And you may call me Grace, the teacher instructed. Danika then remembered that they didnt use Englischer titles. I have an empty desk over here, where you can sit for now. Grace walked to the back of the classroom, showing Dani where she would be sitting. 
Thank you.
What was the last grade you completed at your previous school? Grace asked, trying to determine which books Danika required.
I just started eighth grade.
So, this will be your last year, Grace stated.
Yeah, until high school, Danika said matter-of-factly, and, of course, college.
Grace looked at Joanna and Chloe, who had no idea how to respond. Amish only have school till eighth grade, Grace informed her.
You've got to be kidding! Danika noticed that she was the only one laughing, finding solemnity in the other faces. Seriously?
The three girls nodded their heads.
Oh no! But, I planned on going to college. My mom and dad have been saving money since I was a baby. I'm going to be a medical doctor, Danika said in a somewhat defiant tone.
Well, I'm afraid you're going to have to talk that over with your uncle Philip, Grace advised, walking to the front of the classroom to pull the school bell.
<><><> 
When the children filed in, Danika was pleased that Eli sat in the row next to hers, just one desk away. Joanna and Chloe sat fairly close as well, but they were a little further away, towards the front. When she glanced to her left, she noticed Jonathan Fisher who wore a mischievous grin. To her right was another girl about her age whom she did not know.
Jonathan leaned over and pointed to a girl a couple of rows over. That's Susie, the one I told ya about. She's my best girl, he whispered.
Danika looked to where he pointed and noted the auburn-haired girl. She's cute, Danika agreed.
Yep, she's real cute. And I'm gut friends with her bruder. Matt's my friend too. We're gonna go 
Shh... Matthew hissed from the desk next to him. Don't tell her all our plans. Danika overheard him say. She couldn't imagine what kind of plans a couple of nine year old boys could have in this secluded community.
Danika, will you please come to my desk? Danika hoped she wasn't in trouble already. By Grace's calm demeanor, Dani figured she was about to receive her school books. She released a relieved sigh and headed toward the front.
While she was away, Jonathan pulled something out of his pocket and sneakily placed it into her desk. Since the other scholars were busy with their schoolwork, nobody had even noticed. Danika came back to her desk to place the books inside. As her desktop creaked open she spotted something moving inside. When she realized it was a snake, she screamed as loud as she could and ran to the other side of the room. The snake slithered out of her desk and onto the ground, causing all of the other girls to scream as well. Spying the snake, Eli nonchalantly picked it up, holding it out for the teacher to see.
Right away, Grace knew who had put it there. Jonathan Fisher! How many times do I have to tell you not to bring creatures into the schoolhouse? I'm going to have to tell Dat, I mean, your vadder about this incident. Now apologize to Danika and go stand in the corner, she scolded her younger brother. 
Jonathan hung his head as he walked to the corner and muttered, Ah, it's just an old garter snake. It won't hurt no one.
Anyone, the teacher corrected. Eli, will you please deposit that poor snake outside? 
Eli quickly walked outside with the slithering reptile, returning a short while later. The girls had already taken their seats. Danika opened up her desk and searched for her favorite subject. When she noticed that her science book wasn't there, she quickly raised her hand.
Yes, Danika? Grace asked.
You forgot to give me a science book, Danika informed her. Some of the other scholars began chuckling, which befuddled Danika. 
We don't study science, Grace said.
No science? I've never heard of a school that didn't teach science, Danika thought disappointedly. She took out her English book instead and started reading.
A folded piece of paper lay on the edge of her desk, and she quickly hid it between herself and the desk so the teacher wouldn't see. She quietly opened the note. It read: May I walk you home after school today? - Eli. She looked up to see Eli smiling diffidently. Danika cheerfully nodded her reply.
<><><> 
As the children were let out of school, most of them ran to their scooters and took off in a flurry. Danika had notified Joanna and Chloe that she wouldn't be walking home with them, but she didn't say why. She waited by the old oak tree behind the schoolhouse where Eli had instructed her to wait for him. From the tree, she could see him talking to a few younger children and pointing the opposite way. As he stepped away from them, a girl about Danika's age came rushing up to him. If Danika wasn't mistaken, it was the snobby blond girl that sat next to her in class. Her name was Sadie Lapp.
Danika waited at the tree for a while, until Eli could finally pull away from Sadie. After the girl took off, Eli jogged over to where Dani waited. Sorry about that, he attempted to apologize, Sadie is always trying to get my attention. They didn't realize that Sadie had been watching them from a distance as they walked off toward Danika's house.
Oh, Danika said, not sure how to respond.
Here, I can carry your books, Eli offered, holding out his arms.
Thank you, Dani said timidly, as they walked along. I told you about me the other day, but you didn't tell me much about you.
Okay, what would you like to know? He grinned.
I didn't see you at the Fishers' for church on Sunday. 
Ow. He winced. Sore subject. But if you really want to know, I'll tell you. Do you want the long or short version?
Well, since both of us have chores to do when we get home, why don't you tell me some other time?
Jah, that would be gut. So, what else would you like to know?
What do you mean what else? You haven't told me anything yet, she teased, producing a smile from Eli. Danika contemplated for a moment. Hmm...How about your family?
Okay, my dat is Jacob Yoder and my mamm is Sarah Yoder. I have ten siblings: five brothers and five sisters. Two of my brothers and one of my sisters are married. There are four of us in school, and the others are either too young for school or have already completed it.
Wow, I don't think I could keep track of that many brothers and sisters. The children that you were speaking to after school  are they your siblings?
Jah. Hannah, Annie, and Samuel.
So, what do you want to be when you grow up?
My vadder wants me to farm like him. But I think I'd like to raise horses, or maybe have my own buggy shop. That's what Nathan Hostettler, the bishop's son, does.
That would be cool, I guess. But She hesitated to speak her mind.
But, what?
Well, did you ever want to do anything else? I mean, like something non-Amish?
But I am Amish. I don't ever plan on being anything else. I don't want to be anything else. I am happy here. He smiled, hoping she could understand.
Don't you think you're missing out? I mean, I could never become a doctor living here.
But your uncle Philip is the best doctor I know, and he is Amish.
How could she explain to a backwoods Amish guy that what her uncle did was just a bunch of silly nonsense? Old wives' fables, foolishness. That stuff didn't really work.
What are you thinking? Eli asked gently.
Okay, if you really want to know, I'll tell you. She yielded.
Say on, he urged.
I'm going to say something that might offend you, she continued on slowly, I don't believe in all that old wives' tales stuff; it's just a bunch of foolishness if you ask me.
Do you mean using herbal medicine?
Yes.
How do you know? Have you ever tried them? he challenged.
What? Well...no, she admitted.
Did you ever meet Isaac Fisher, Joanna's older brother? He hurt his leg in a buggy accident two years ago and your uncle treated it with an herb of some sort. Now his leg is fine. It's as if the accident never happened. He might have even died if Philip hadn't arrived when he did. You should ask him sometime, he just lives across the street from the Kings.
Wow. No, I never heard that.
Eli continued on, Or, you should meet Martha Troyer. Her medical doctor told her that she had cancer and gave her six months to live. He wanted her to go through chemotherapy, which she adamantly refused, then decided to see Philip instead. He put her on a special diet, I think a lot of fresh juices and mostly fruits and vegetables. He gave her some herbs to take too. Philip told her that she would feel sick at first, and then she'd feel great, which happened just as hed said. After about a year, she went back to her medical doctor. Guess what?
I don't know.
They couldn't find any cancer in her body. It was gone. That was seven years ago, he stated.
Wow!
You know there is a verse in the Bible that says something to the effect of 'when you answer something before hearing it, it will be a shame to you'.
Danika stopped in her tracks, and looked at him. How do you do that? Danika asked in astonishment.
Do what? Eli stood looking at her.
It seems like you always have the right words to say to me. You get me to think about things that I have never thought about before. You make me change my mind about the way I feel. It's as if you can see into my soul. It's not fair, she complained.
Wow, now that's a compliment. He smiled at her again. I like you, Danika.
I like you too, Eli. She grinned back.
No, I mean, I really like you a lot. I...I care for you, Danika. In a special way, I mean, he said, exposing his heart. Eli took her hand; he seemed even more serious now. Do you think you would be willing to wait for me?
What do you mean? she asked, staring at her hand in his.
I think we're meant to be together. Ive never felt this way about anybody. I want you as my aldi. Will you let me court you when I turn sixteen?
Danika's heart melted. But your father and my uncle 
Shh... He put his finger to her lips. Dont worry. We'll work all that out, I promise.
She trembled and took a step back. I-I... She wanted to say yes, but was suddenly overwhelmed. Eli wants me to be his girlfriend? She'd never had a real boyfriend before.
We can be friends now  just friends. We can get to know each other better. But I want to know that you'll wait for me. His eyes were pleading.
Yes, I will, she managed to squeak out, her eyes intent on his.
<><><> 
You seem happy. How was school today? Naomi asked, as Danika walked in the door with an enormous smile.
It was great! she answered, running up the stairs to change into her work clothes.
Was that Danika that just came in? Philip asked, grabbing a quick snack out of the fridge before returning to the herb shop next door.
Jah. She seemed excited. School must have gone well, Naomi stated.
Danika seemingly came down the stairs just as quickly as she'd gone up. She handed a bag to Naomi. Here Naomi, I don't need these anymore. Do you think we can take them to the thrift store next time we go into town?
Naomi peeked into the bag. Your Englischer clothes? She looked up at Philip, who also appeared surprised.
Jah, I don't need them anymore, she stated, as she grabbed the milk pail off the kitchen counter to head outside. Oh, and will you help me finish sewing up my dresses tonight? I'd like to wear my blue one tomorrow. And with that, she was off to milk the goats.
Philip and Naomi just stood there looking at each other, completely baffled. 
<><><>


Chapter 7  The Englisch Holiday
Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right. Ephesians 6:1

Jonathan, Matthew, and Joshua sat in the pony cart watching Englisch children dressed in strange clothing. They looked down at their own attire, hoping it would sufficiently accomplish their goal. Joshua tied the pony to a street sign and the boys determined which house to go to first.
Okay. She said that they just knock on the Englischers' doors, Jonathan informed his friends.
What should we say? Matthew asked.
I don't know, Jonathan said, shrugging. I guess we just ask for candy.
It will be strange to ask an Englischer we don't know for free candy. Maybe we should offer some money, Joshua suggested.
Jah, Matthew agreed. I have a few quarters.
Alright, let's stop talking and just go. I will knock first, Jonathan said.
The boys cautiously walked up to a door and Jonathan knocked confidently. A teenage boy with blue spiky hair opened the door, his face completely white. The boys stared wide-eyed at the strange looking boy. Jonathan gulped, but found his voice, Can we have some candy?
Matthew offered a quarter to the boy, but the teen simply stared at it. Man, if my mom caught me taking money from a kid, I'd be in big trouble. Keep your money, kid. He then took a big handful from the bowl on the table next to him and held it out to Jonathan. Jonathan stood mesmerized. Hey, didn't you bring a bag or something for your candy?
Jonathan looked at Josh and Matt and they all shook their heads.
Okay, then just hold out your shirt and I'll put the candy in there, the teen said. Or I can put it in your hat.
With shirts full of candy, the boys followed the children in front of them to the next house. This is fun! Matthew said as he popped a small chocolate bar into his mouth.
The next door yielded a kind, normally dressed Englisch woman. Her eyes lit up and she called her daughter over. Look at these boys here, Jessica. They're dressed Amish. Don't they look so cute? They remind me of the little boys at the farmer's market.
The boys stood smiling, as the woman looked over their 'costumes'.
Didn't you boys bring something to put your treats in? the woman asked. After the boys shook their heads, she turned to her daughter. Jessica, go get three plastic grocery bags for these boys. It's a shame their mother would send them out with nothing to put their candy in.
They continued on to several more houses on the block. Look at all the candy we've got and we've only been to five houses! Joshua said excitedly, chomping on a stick of gum he found in his bag. 
And I still have all my quarters! It seems no one wants to take my money for some reason. I feel bad taking all this candy for free, Matthew said.
Ach, it's okay. The Englischers like to give us the candy, Joshua said.
Jah and I like to eat it! Jonathan said, taking a lick from the lollipop in his mouth. I can't wait to give some to Susie.
I don't think my sister likes you none, Joshua said, but she does like candy.
Well then I'll just have to save lots of mine for her, so maybe she'll like me then, Jonathan said.
You can give her a kiss, Matthew said.
Ach, she'd hate 'im for sure if he tried to kiss her, Joshua said adamantly.
No, I mean a candy kiss, dummkopp! Matt said. He reached into his bag and pulled out a Hershey's Kiss and showed his friends. See, it says 'kiss' right here. I got lots of 'em, so you probably do too. Girls like chocolate.
Hey, we should probably go home before Dat notices I'm gone, Joshua said, noticing the late hour. I don't feel like visiting the woodshed tonight.
Jah, okay. Let's just go to one more house and then we'll go, Jonathan said.
The boys walked up to a dark house with only a single black light bulb emanating scant light. Scary howling sounds seemed to come from the windows and two jack-o-lanterns burned with a candle inside. The boys looked at each other wide-eyed, slowly inching their way to the door.
You knock, Matt worriedly told Joshua.
Joshua looked at him, then at the abundance of spider webs and the skeleton hanging from the overhang and shook his head. No, you.
Jonathan stepped forward and bravely knocked on the darkened door. As the door slowly creaked open, the three boys said, Trick a tree.
An ugly green-faced witch with a large wart on her nose greeted the boys, sending out a loud cackling shrill. The boys slowly began inching backwards, then took off in a full sprint when the witch followed them out the door and reached for them with her long black fingernails. Come back here! I eat little Amish boys for breakfast. They heard the frightening woman say.
When they arrived at their pony cart out of breath, they quickly unhitched Prancer and took off in a flurry.
Whew, that was close! Matthew said when they were safely on the road toward home.
Jah, I almost had an accident, Joshua admitted.
Me, too, Jonathan and Matthew said simultaneously.
Do you really think she was gonna eat us for breakfast? Matt asked wide-eyed.
Joshua shook his head. I don't know. But I sure wasn't gonna stick around to find out!
Ach, look at all this candy! Jonathan exclaimed.
I wonder why all the kids say 'trick a tree'? How do you play a trick on a tree? Matt wondered.
I don't know. Maybe Jonathan can ask Danika about it, Josh suggested.
Jah, I think I will, Jonathan agreed. But I heard Mamm say one time that fruit is God's candy. And fruit grows on trees.
Do you trick the tree when you take the fruit off it? Matthew wondered.
I don't know. Who can know about all the strange Englischers' customs? Josh asked. We just gotta ask Danika cuz she's Englisch. She'll know all about why they say 'trick a tree'. It don't make no sense to me.
<><><> 
Monday afternoon a large mountain of candy sat atop the school picnic table. Danika noticed Jonathan's huge smile and immediately she knew where the boys had gone Friday night. She didn't know how they did it, but she knew for a fact Bishop Hostettler would not have given his son permission to go trick-or-treating. She joined the boys at the table.
Well, Danika, what do ya think of all our candy? Jonathan asked proudly.
I can't believe you guys actually went. It looks like they give out more candy here than in my neighborhood in California!
Jah, and we already ate a bunch! Matthew declared.
Danika gasped. You had your parents go through it first, right?
No way! If my folks knew I got a bunch of free candy from Englischers I wouldn't be able to sit here on this bench, Jonathan said. Why would I tell them?
The witches, Danika simply said.
The boys all looked at each other wide-eyed and gulped. What about the witches? Joshua asked, remembering the one that wanted to eat them for breakfast.
There are some really bad people that put razor blades and pieces of glass and stuff in Halloween candy. My dad always went through my candy to make sure it was safe to eat, she said.
The boys held their hands to their throats, horrific thoughts of razor blades cutting their insides filling their minds. Ach, for real? Jonathan asked.
Yeah, but you guys aren't dead or anything, so it looks like nobody put any in yours. But I'd be careful if were you, she warned.
All three boys solemnly nodded their heads.
Hey, may I have a Snickers bar? Danika asked.
Sure, Jonathan said.
See, I told ya girls like chocolate, Matt said.
Danika, why are we supposed to say trick a tree? Jonathan asked.
What? she asked.
You know, trick a tree, Joshua explained. How do you trick a tree, and what does it have to do with asking Englischers for candy?
Danika couldnt help it. She burst into laughter, doubling over until her stomach ached. Every time she looked up at the boys clueless expressions, she burst into laughter again. She couldnt get the images of three Amish boys going door to door saying trick a tree out of her mind. When she finally calmed enough to explain to the boys that it was trick or treat the other children had been saying, she also explained what she knew of the origins of the custom. Needless to say, she was sure that the boys had experienced their first and last ever celebration of Halloween.
<><><>

Chapter 8  The Conflict
Wrath is cruel, and anger is outrageous; but who is able to stand before envy? Proverbs 27:4

Eli had walked Danika home nearly every day since she started school two months ago. She couldn't imagine life without him; he was her best friend. Danika knew somebody else was pining for Eli Yoder as well. Sadie Lapp. Anyone could see how she constantly flirted with him and she was beginning to get on Danikas nerves. Since the first day of school, Sadie had turned up her nose at Danika. So she thought it odd when Sadie Lapp approached her during lunch.
Hey, Danika, I bet Eli's daed wouldn't be too happy if he knew how much time he was spending with an Englischer, Sadie threatened.
Mind your own business, Sadie. 
Sarah Yoder and my mamm are gut friends. I'm sure that if I just dropped a little hint about Eli seeing Philip King's niece...
Sadie, I'm warning you for the last time. Keep your mouth shut and mind your own business. Danika could feel her temper rising, so she walked away.
Sadie didn't miss a beat and followed right behind Danika, taunting her. Stay away from Eli, she threatened again.
Danika was unsure how it happened, but somehow her fist managed to find its way to Sadie's face. I said mind your own business!
She's trying to kill me! Sadie cried as loud as she could. When Grace heard the commotion, she came running to the scene with the other scholars behind her. Sadie was still sitting on the ground, conjuring up as much sympathy as she could get. Danika rolled her eyes.
Danika, I'm going to have to ask you to go home. You're expelled for three days, the teacher stated in an even voice.
Danika tried to explain. But she  
Violence is never acceptable. It is not our way. Go home now, please, Grace reiterated.
Danika heaved a deep sigh. As she grabbed her stuff from her desk and headed toward home, she glanced back at Eli who wore a clearly disappointed expression. He waved to her silently and she waved back. She peered down at the note in her hand, written by the teacher. Great! Now what am I gonna do? How am I going to explain this to Naomi and Philip? They'll be disappointed in me...again. What will happen if Eli's dad finds out about us? Sadie will surely tell now. She tried not to think about the trials that would certainly come her way.
<><><> 
Why are you home so early? Naomi asked when she saw Danika coming through the door just after one o'clock.
With her head down, she handed Naomi the note in her hand. This will explain it all.
Naomi's eyes widened in horror. You hit one of the other kinner? How could you do that?
She made me upset and she wouldn't leave me alone. I told her to mind her own business, Danika stated.
Now you've been expelled for three days. Word will get out all over Paradise. You've given yourself and this family a bad name. I wish you would think a little further before you do something like this, Naomi reprimanded. Take this note next door and show your uncle.
Sorry, Naomi. But Danika wondered if she really was.
Danika took a deep breath while walking the short distance. I wish I had just ignored that snippy Sadie Lapp. Now I'm the one in trouble. When am I ever going to learn to control my temper? She opened the door of the herb shop and waited for Philip to finish up with his customer. When the coast was clear, she made her way toward her uncle and handed him the note. She didn't offer any explanation.
I'm disappointed in you, Danika, his words cut to her heart. 
Tears immediately sprang to her eyes, I'm sorry Uncle Philip. I didn't mean to give us a bad name.
Why did you do it? he asked.
I couldn't help it. That snippy Sadie Lapp wouldn't mind her own business. She kept threatening me about  she stopped cold. Oh no, I've said too much again, she chided herself.
Threatening you about what? Philip wanted to know.
About telling Eli's dad about me. 
Are you referring to Eli Yoder? Jacob Yoders son? Philip looked concerned now. I don't understand.
It's kinda complicated.
I'm listening. Philip stood with his arms folded over his chest and feet firmly planted.
The words flowed freely from her lips, Eli and I are...uh...good friends. Sadie likes Eli and doesn't want me to talk to him. She threatened to go tell Eli's dad about it because his dad doesn't like you. He'll probably tell Eli that we can't be friends anymore. I told her to mind her own business, but she wouldn't. She kept following me around with her big, fat, gossiping mouth and that's when I turned around and punched her.
Philip attempted to hide an amused grin, keeping an even countenance. So, what are you going to do about it now?
Pray? she asked, hoping to get some advice.
Well, I think that would be a good start. What are you going to do to prevent this from happening again? her uncle inquired.
Stay as far away from Sadie Lapp as I can!
Philip ceased his interrogation and allowed Danika to help out in the herb shop for the rest of the day. He figured poor Naomi could only handle so much.
<><><> 
When Danika returned to school, Sadie gave her a smart look, trying to egg her on. Danika ignored her and went straight to her desk and sat down. The scholars took their seats and Teacher Grace made a request, Sadie, I want you to switch desks with Joanna. To that, Sadie turned and gave Danika a dirty look. Admiring the shiner she'd given Sadie, Danika just smiled back. Good, she won't be able to see anymore when we pass notes.
Sure enough, Dani found a note that had been slipped into her desk. It was in Eli's handwriting. It read: 
Dear Danika, 
My dat found out about us and he won't allow me to see you anymore. He thinks you are trouble, but I know better. I'm afraid we'll have to send letters to each other from now on. Please know that this is not my doing, nor is it your fault. He threatened to send me to a different school if I don't keep my distance and I'm afraid that if he did that, we'd never be able to see each other. You know how I feel about you. 
Yours, Eli
Danika couldn't help it as the tears fell from her eyes. Eli looked back, his countenance defeated. It was evident he was deeply sorry. Well, at least they could still see each other in school; that was something to be happy about. She should have known that snippy Sadie would try to ruin it for them. The more she thought about it, the gladder she was about giving Sadie a black eye. If anybody ever deserved it, she did, she decided.
The walk home from school seemed to take forever. It just wasn't the same without Eli by her side. They had a lot of great talks on their many walks home. They discussed God and the Bible, and he helped her understand things that she never knew before. He had eased her through the grief caused by the loss of her family. He helped her to understand the Amish culture better and gave her perspective on where Philip and Naomi were coming from. Could it be, as Eli had said, that God brought him into her life right when she needed him most? Maybe God did love her and care for her.
As she came to the tall pine tree  the tree where she and Eli had first met  their tree, she stopped and sat down for a minute. She bowed her head and prayed, Dear God, If you're there and you can hear me, I'd like to ask you for something. Will you please restore the broken relationship between Uncle Philip and Eli's dad? I know it's a burden that Uncle Philip has had to carry, and now that burden is on mine and Eli's shoulders too. It seems that nobody wins when there's bitterness involved. Thank you, Lord. Amen. 
She had thought about what she'd prayed, and she realized that she was still holding on to bitterness too. She was still mad at God for taking her parents. She still hadn't trusted in God's will for her life. Eli had said that God always knows what's best, that He sees the end from the beginning when we can't see two feet in front of us. Danika determined to speak with Philip and Naomi tonight after dinner.
<><><> 
Okay, I'm ready. Danika smiled at Philip and Naomi who had no idea what she was talking about.
Ready to play checkers? Philip asked in puzzlement.
No, I'm ready to be born again. She shared.
Oh Danika, that's wonderful-gut! Naomi came to give Danika a hug and they both felt a swift little kick coming from the inside of Naomi's belly. I guess the little one wants to come out soon. They both laughed. 
Not just yet, Philip cautioned. Danika, do you really want to be saved? He wanted to be sure she was serious. He explained how their forefathers had been persecuted for their faith, and that it was not something to be taken lightly.
Jah, for sure and for certain, she declared. I'm ready.
Philip and Naomi proceeded to show her the various verses on salvation and the penalty for sin. After they had read the scriptures, Danika had become even more convinced of her decision. She bowed her head and prayed aloud that God would forgive her, save her, and help her to live righteously for Him. She was so happy. She decided to sit down and write her friend Cindy about her new found faith.
She went upstairs and turned her laptop on. She wrote: 
Hey Cindy, 
It's been awhile since we last spoke, hope everything is going well. So much has happened to me, I don't even know where to begin. I met a really great guy. His name is Eli and he has quickly become my best friend here. School is pretty cool, but there's this girl there that hates my guts. We got into a fight and I hit her and got expelled from school for a few days! I told you a lot has happened. 
My Aunt Naomi will be having a baby in about a month and I can't wait! I found out that my Uncle Philip is an herb doctor. Not any of that voo-doo stuff, but natural herbal medicine that actually works. I've decided to forgo college and follow in his footsteps. Don't freak out, this suits me better. I get to start my internship as soon as I finish up with school this year, Im so excited! The Amish don't to high school, but you'd never know it. Sometimes, I think they are years beyond some of the English folk. 
Now for the most important thing: I got saved! That means that if I died right at this very moment that I would go to Heaven. Jesus forgave my sins and now I am clean. Oh Cindy, I can't describe to you how good it feels! All I had to do was trust in Jesus, and you can too. Let me know if you'd like to know more, okay? 
Oh, and I got your email about coming to visit. Philip and Naomi said that would be fine, so I'll expect you in two months. This will be the last letter I email you because my battery is almost dead. Please snail mail me soon! 
Love, Dani. 
She pressed SEND then shut down her laptop and went to bed.
<><><>

Chapter 9  Friends
A friend loveth at all times... Proverbs 17:17a

Danika opened the latest note from Eli and was thrilled by his written words: 
Please meet me at our special place this Saturday at 2:00. I really want to see you for my birthday. Say you'll come...Eli. 
Her heart skipped a beat. Finally, they would get to spend time alone together! But what if Eli's dad found out? She wouldn't worry about that right now; she wasn't going to let anything steal her happiness. She quickly nodded her reply to him as school was letting out, with a huge smile, of course.
Joanna and Chloe met up with her after school. Would ya like to go ridin' with us after chores today? Chloe asked eagerly. 
It sounded like a lot of fun. Jah, but I'll have to ask Naomi first. She didn't want to get herself into trouble again.
All right then, Joanna declared, we'll meet you at your house in about an hour or two.
Sounds gut. 
Danika hurried home to finish up all of her chores, enthused about the time she'd spend with her friends. Naomi had given her the okay, so she was all set. Philip showed her which horse to ride, so she wouldn't have a hard time.
She was already outside when the girls came riding up on their horses. Philip had helped her saddle the horse, she'd practiced mounting it, and had even rode around a little bit. When Philip was sure she had enough confidence, he conceded to let her go as well. 
It's her first time riding; go easy on her, girls, Philip cautioned.
The girls rode up one of the dirt lanes at a leisurely pace since this was Danika's first time out with them.
Are you still spending time with Eli? Chloe asked curiously, wondering what had become of the ordeal with Sadie.
His father has forbidden him to see me, Danika answered in a dejected tone, feeling a little guilty that she was planning to meet him secretly.
Ach, that's too bad, Joanna tried to comfort her. But maybe it's for the best.
What do you mean? Danika didn't understand her logic.
Well, Mamm said it's not good to spend too much time alone with boys. Joanna continued, She said that when you spend lots of time with them, you start longing for them in other ways.
Huh? Danika still didn't get it.
She's talking about lip kissin', Chloe blurted out. Has Eli tried to kiss you?
Danika felt a little uncomfortable talking about this. No, not yet. But I hope he does, she said dreamily.
Both girls gasped at once.
What did I say? Danika asked innocently.
I wanna save my kissin' for the man I marry, Joanna stated.
Jah, me too, Chloe declared.
Why? Danika couldn't see the harm in a kiss.
When you get married, how many girls do you want your husband to have kissed before you? Joanna asked.
Now it was Danika's turn to gasp. None! I don't want my husband to have been kissed by anyone else.
Well, do you think your husband wants you to be kissin' someone else? Chloe said.
No, probably not. But Eli and I might get  Danika hoped they'd marry someday.
But you don't know for sure. Isn't it better to be safe than sorry? Joanna offered. When you give away one kiss, it's a lot easier to give away another, then another.
The best gift you can give to your future spouse is your purity, Chloe declared, and the other girls agreed.
Wow. The Amish have a whole different way of looking at things. It's so different from the Englisch world, Danika said.
Well, not all Amish believe that, for sure and for certain. But that's how it is with us. And I'm sure some Englischers have high standards too, jah? Joanna wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt.
Maybe, but none that I know of, Danika shared, and TV is a lot worse. No wonder you guys don't allow it.
Changing the subject, Joanna suggested, Let's go a little faster, jah? She was dying to race, or at least gallop.
Just a little faster. Remember, this is my first time, Dani warned.
Danika, someday youll be racing with us, Chloe encouraged confidently.
The girls clicked their tongues and the horses sped up a bit. They rode down to Miller's Pond and sat by the shore for a while. The place was beautiful, peaceful. The pond was oval in shape and stretched across several hundred yards. Willow trees adorned the banks, making it an ideal place for children to play. Danika could imagine younger children swinging from the willow branches into the pond. The water sparkled as the light of the sun reflected off of it. She wondered why Eli had never taken her there. It would be a perfect place for a picnic...someday. She figured it was probably too visible to passersby for them to spend time there. If only Eli's father could patch things up with Philip.
This whole pond turns to ice come winter time, Chloe stated.
Jah, I can't wait to go ice skating, Joanna said excitedly.
You guys get to go ice skating too? And here I thought the Amish were all boring. Danika couldn't believe it.
The girls laughed. The Amish do dress plain and work hard, but we know how to have fun too, Joanna stated.
<><><>

Chapter 10  The Secret Meeting
...Be sure your sin will find you out. Numbers 32:23b

Danika couldn't get over the butterflies in her stomach. Today she would meet with Eli. All day she could not get him out of her mind. Two o'clock, he'd said. It was now one-thirty and she had a picnic lunch all packed, complete with some fresh chocolate-chip cookies. She was ready to go. She quickly ran upstairs to retrieve her gift: a two-inch lock of her hair, tied fancy in a silky red ribbon.
Danika set out on foot to their special spot  the tall pine tree in the woods where they'd first met. So much had happened since that first encounter. Danika thought of how much her life had changed. I have Eli to thank for that, she thought, hes been such a good friend. 
Eli was already there waiting when she arrived. His smile melted her heart. He held a small bouquet of wildflowers in his hand and quickly offered them to her. 
Denki. She smiled broadly and blushed a bit. How did ya get away? she asked, concerned for his well-being.
My daed gave me this new mare for my birthday. He said I could take her out for a ride.
Danika looked over the large creature, gently petting its coat. She's beautiful, she said, noticing the stunning build of the exquisite painted horse.
No, you're beautiful, he insisted, and gently grasped her hand in his, bringing it to his lips.
Immediately, her cheeks reddened. How will I be able to stay pure at this rate? she thought to herself, and then quickly put distance between them. 
She walked over to the picnic basket and pulled out an old small quilt. After she spread it out over the grass under the tree, she patted the spot next to her. Eli took a seat beside her. Did ya eat lunch already? She knew he probably had, but thought she'd ask anyway.
Jah, but I can always eat again. He smiled.
I figured, so I didn't pack too much. Just a couple of sandwiches and what not. She removed the food from the basket. I baked ya some fresh cookies, they're still a little warm.
Denki. He moved closer to her  too close. It was plain to see he wanted her affection as much as she longed for his. He took her hand and brought it to his lips again.
Ach, she said, taking her hand away. You are not making this easy.
Was iss letz? His brow furrowed in concern. What is wrong?
I want to stay pure...for my future husband, she declared.
But I am your future husband, he said, gently gliding his fingertips down her arm.
Eli Yoder, you're killin' me, she said, feeling all flustered. Well, you're not my husband yet.
Just one more year and I'll be sixteen, he reminded. And you'll be fourteen. Did ya know the bishop in your district allows girls to court at fourteen?
Ach, no. Really? She wondered if he was making it up.
Honest, he said. And since our courtin's done in secret, Daed won't know I'm with you.
Hey, I thought you were the same age as me. You mean to say you're fifteen today?
Jah, had to stay home for a while and help Daed with the crops. I missed out on quite a bit of school, so I'm making it up. I'm glad now, though. I might have missed out on you.
Danika stood up when she remembered the lock of hair and took it from her apron pocket. Shyly, she offered it to him. Happy birthday, Eli. I don't really have anything to give you. 'Cept this.
As he stood up, he took the black tresses from her outstretched hand and brought it up to his nose. He wanted to remember her scent. This is a piece of you, it is precious. I will always cherish it. He fingered the ribbon and felt the softness of her hair. I'll put it in my pocket for safe keeping, he said, thinking he was glad his mother had sewn a pocket into this pair of pants. 
You are the best birthday gift I could ask for, he said, as he drew her into his arms. She could hear his heart beating rapidly, but this time she didn't pull away. Although she knew she shouldn't, she would let him enjoy this moment in time. It might just be their last time together for a while, but she didn't want to think about that just now.
I need to tell ya somethin' important, Danika stated, and he let her go. 
What? Eli asked, curiously.
I accepted Jesus as my Saviour. I'm saved now, Eli! Her white teeth gleamed, as she spread her lips in a smile.
That's the best news I've heard in a long time. Now, I know you're mine  for sure and for certain, he teased.
No, now I belong to Jesus, she declared.
If we could only get my daed to see the light, I'm sure all of this foolishness would be over.
And then you could walk me home every day, jah? She hoped.
Jah, if we can stand it. He thought for a moment. Maybe it's a gut thing we don't see each other too much.
That's what Joanna said, Danika remarked.
Danika, are you talkin' to your friends about us? He seemed a little disappointed.
Jah, is it not okay?
It's just that courtin's supposed to be kept secret, he gently reminded her, stepping close once again.
Danika took a step back. But we're not courtin' yet.
Well, we would be if I had my way, he declared shamelessly. Let me give ya a ride home, before I try to kiss you, his eyes gently pleaded.
I think that will be all right, she agreed with a smile. The ride, not the kiss, she clarified.
Eli chuckled. I guess Ill settle for a ride, if thats all I can get.
They rode along in silence as they both contemplated their special time together. Danika held tight to Eli, not wanting to let him go. As he helped her down off the horse, he embraced her once again and gave her a gentle kiss on the cheek. This is the best birthday I've ever had, he said, mounting his horse once again. Danika couldnt wipe the smile off her lips as she longingly watched her beloved ride away. 
<><><> 
Danika happily entered the house, humming a love song stuck in her head from her Englischer days. She noticed Philip and Naomi sitting out on the porch, she froze and stood erect. Oh no, did they just see me with Eli? She chided herself for not being more careful. She quickly tip-toed toward the stairs, attempting to escape unnoticed. It didn't work.
Danika. It was Philip calling from the porch.
Coming. Be there in a minute, she said nervously, quickly sticking her wildflowers in a small Mason jar with water, and then headed to the porch. She could already hear what was coming.
Come sit down, Danika. We need to have a talk, Philip suggested. Naomi went inside to rest a bit, and to avoid the drama that was sure to come. He continued on, Did I just see you riding with Jacob Yoder's boy?
Eli, jah, she affirmed shyly.
I thought you said that you and Eli were 'friends'. It looked like there was a little more than friendship going on. Philip observed. 
Danika sighed, unable to defend herself.
What ever happened with Eli and his father? Philip wondered.
He forbid him to see me, she admitted.
His vadder forbid him to see you? he repeated her words, concern filling his eyes.
She nodded.
And you both deliberately went behind his back and disobeyed his wishes? Philip asked in disbelief, his voice rising a bit.
Danika hung her head low, knowing her goose was cooked. It was his birthday, she simply stated, in an attempt to defend the both of them. 
Oh, so what you're saying is that it's okay to disobey your authorities on your birthday?
Danika kept her eyes on the floor, trying to shield herself from the accusatory words spoken by her uncle.
I want you to look at me, Danika. It's how we show respect. Now please answer my question, he commanded sternly.
She brought her eyes to his. She hated that look  the look of disappointment. Once again, she had let her uncle down. No, it's not okay, she answered softly.
What would happen if his father found out the two of you were meeting secretly? She was unsure whether it was a threat or a simple question. Have you thought about the consequences?
Again, she nodded her head in affirmation. She knew if they'd been caught, his father would send him to another school. How could she have been so careless?
And that's a risk you're willing to take, just to see him for a couple of hours? It sounded so foolish now that he laid everything out.
If that boy can't respect and obey his father, how can I trust him with you? His words stung. She didn't like to hear him talking about her Eli like that.
Danika shrugged her shoulders, not knowing just what to say. 
Philip sighed. I really hate to do this, but you leave me no other choice. He continued, unrelenting, Since you continue to push the boundaries, I'm going to have to put my foot down. Other than school, you are to have no contact with Eli Yoder. That means no secret meetings, no letters, and no phone calls. If he gives you a letter, you are to return it unopened. Philip didn't think she'd be using the telephone in the herb shop, but figured he'd better cover all his bases. 
Danika took a deep breath as tears sprung to her eyes. How could he do this? How could he be so unmerciful? She allowed her tears to fall freely. She tried to stop the barrage of words, but they kept coming, assaulting her emotions.
Philip was uncomfortable speaking to Danika this way, but how else could he protect her? I also think you're too young. You will wait until you're sixteen, the proper age, to begin courting. As long as you are in my house, you will abide by my rules. Do I make myself clear? 
How could he expect this of her? This was too much for her to bear! Her shoulders slumped under the heavy burden; she could not stop the free-fall of tears. She put her hands over her face and sobbed.
He spoke to her in a more gentle tone now, Danika, you know I only want what's best for you. He put his hand on her arm, attempting consolation.
Danika quickly pulled her arm away and lashed out in anger. No you don't! she cried. You just want what's best for you. It's your fault that Eli's dad wouldn't let him see me. All of this is your fault. I hate you. She ran into the house and up the stairs, throwing herself face down onto her bed, and wept.
Well that certainly didn't go very well, Philip thought discouragingly.
<><><>


Chapter 11  The Locket
For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also. Luke 12:34

Dinner that evening was a solemn event. Philip and Danika were both silent while Naomi tried to make light conversation with Katie. Katie noticed a change in her father's countenance as well as in Danika. Mamm, what's wrong with Dani? Why is she sad? the little girl asked innocently. The words brought a fresh wave of tears to Danika's eyes. Just the thought of her current circumstances was dreadful. 
She'll be fine, Katie. You don't need to worry about it, Naomi chided.
Why is Dat so quiet? Katie naturally wondered.
He's thinking. Now just eat your dinner, so we can have family time, Naomi suggested, rubbing her rapidly growing belly. 
As Philip read the Bible that evening, the Word of God spoke to all of them. He was reading from the book of Ephesians chapter six. Verses one and two popped out at Danika, 'Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right. Honour thy father and thy mother...' Danika's father and mother were gone, and there was nothing she could do about that. Her aunt and uncle were all she had now, so she supposed that the obeying part was still required of her. Why does obedience have to be so hard? I haven't honored Uncle Philip at all, she ashamedly thought to herself as he continued reading.
'And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.' Philip paused after reading that verse. Have I been too hard on Danika? What I said definitely upset her. I don't want to cultivate a harvest of bitterness and hatred. I want this to be a home where love and forgiveness dwell. It must start with me. To everyone's surprise, Philip closed the Bible and set it on the small table next to his straight-back wooden chair. He looked at Danika and noticed how saddened she was. He knew he was partly responsible for her grief.
Dani, he humbly spoke, I'm sorry that I spoke harshly with you today. I'm afraid I have 'provoked you to wrath', as God says not to do. I'm asking for your forgiveness.
Does he think of himself as my father? The thought brought comfort to her heart. Danika was definitely surprised by her uncle's admission. She admired him for his humility. Jah, I think I can forgive you, she offered.
Denki. Philip knew he had asked a lot of her.
I need to ask for your forgiveness too. I'm sorry that I said that I hate you. Her eyes began to cloud over, but she continued, Its not true. I'm sorry that I disobeyed, I know it was wrong.
I forgive you. But some of what you said was true. This rift between Jacob Yoder and I has gone on for far too long. It's not right that you have to suffer because of it. I will pray that God will bring a solution to the problem.
Oh, denki, Uncle Philip. Danika said as she gave him a warm daughterly hug. Philip wore a satisfied smile.
We will pray too, Naomi spoke for herself and the girls. Danika agreed.
<><><> 
Danika arrived at school early on Monday morning and sat down at her desk with paper and pen. 
Dearest Eli,
It pains me to write this letter. My Uncle Philip saw us on Saturday. He gave me permission to write this letter, but it will be my last for the time being. He was not happy that we went against your father's wishes. He's also forbidden me to accept letters from you or spend time with you, aside from school. He said that I won't be allowed to court till I'm sixteen. I am so sorry, I wish there was another way. I have cried many a tear over you, my love. Please know that I do not regret one second of the time we spent together. It was precious to me.
You hold my heart,
Danika
P.S. My uncle is seeking the Lord about making amends with your father. Please pray with us in this.
She folded the letter and slipped it into his desk just before the bell rang. When Eli sat down, he noticed her usually-happy demeanor was gone, and his smile faded too. He looked at her with concern, wishing they could talk. When the teacher began instruction, he opened his desk and found the letter she had written. He quickly removed it and slid it under his notebook. When the teacher turned her back, he quickly opened the letter and read the solemn words.
I can't even write her a note? No courting till she's sixteen? That seems like forever. No wonder she's so distraught. This is terrible. There has to be some way. I've never known Philip to be unreasonable like this. Maybe I can talk to him myself. Eli thought a moment. No, he'd probably side with my father. Well, I guess if Jacob in the Bible could work seven years for Rachel, I can surely wait three years for my beloved Danika. Yes, Danika, I will pray with you. We will be together in spirit. Eli felt a little better after coming up with a plan of action. He would pray. God can move mountains, the Bible says, and that's exactly what it would take to restore the broken relationship between Philip King and Jacob Yoder.
<><><> 
Day after day, at recess, lunch, and after school Danika had looked for it. But it was nowhere to be found. Joanna and Chloe noticed her searching one day and asked what she was looking for. My locket, I've lost it, she whispered to them, as she desperately searched. The precious gift that her mother and father had given was now gone.
She figured it had probably fallen off during a volleyball game. She had to find it before the lawn was mowed, or worse, before snippy Sadie Lapp found it. For sure and for certain, she'd love to have something to tell on Danika about. Knowing Sadie, she'd probably tell Bishop Hostettler. Chloe, Joanna, and even Eli had helped her search for the necklace, to no avail. She was afraid it was lost forever.
<><><> 
Naomi thought she had heard something upstairs. Was it Danika? She walked to her room and knocked on the door. There was no answer, so she turned the knob and let herself in. Danika sat on her bed in tears. What was wrong today? She wasn't seeing Eli and she didn't have another confrontation with Philip, so what could it be? 
Danika, what's wrong? Naomi gently asked.
Nothing, she replied. You wouldn't understand.
Well, perhaps not, but I can listen if you'd like to talk, Naomi offered as she sat next to Danika and put her arm around her. Besides, you might be surprised by what I understand.
Actually, Naomi and Danika were alike in many ways.
Promise you won't get mad at me? Danika pleaded.
Should I be mad at you about something? Naomi wondered, her eyebrows arched.
No, I don't think so, but other people might, she said.
You can talk to me about anything in confidence, Danika.
Danika took a chance; she desperately needed to talk to somebody. My mom and dad gave me a special gift and I've lost it.
Why would I be mad about that? Naomi was puzzled.
It was a necklace with a heart-shaped locket that held a photo of my mom and dad. It was very special to me. Now, I might never find it again, she explained, wiping the tears away with her palms.
You may have lost the necklace, Danika, but you'll never lose the memories. Those are locked in here forever. Naomi pointed to Danika's heart. Come with me. I'd like to show you something special to me. Danika followed Naomi to her bedroom downstairs.
What is it? Danika wondered as Naomi dug deep into her hope chest at the foot of the bed.
This, Naomi said, pulling out a small photograph, was my first family. My husband and twin daughters died in an automobile accident.
Ach, Naomi. I'm sorry. I never knew. I thought you and Uncle Philip 
Had been married forever? Naomi completed her sentence.
But you seem like you love each other.
Naomi smiled, We do love each other. But we only met and married less than two years ago.
So Katie doesn't belong to Uncle Philip? Danika asked with surprise.
Biologically speaking, no. But she belongs to his heart. And isn't that what matters most? Naomi smiled.
But you have a photograph. I thought they weren't allowed. Danika was confused now.
When we took the photo, I was not Amish. I joined because of Philip. You, Philip, and I are the only ones that know about this photo. He lets me keep it although I'm not supposed to. Naomi thought of Philip's kindness and compassion.
So, I'm not the only one with secrets, jah? Danika teased.
Jah.
Aunt Naomi, you and I do have a lot in common. Danika smiled at the realization. Thanks for sharing this with me.
<><><> 


Chapter 12  Special Delivery
Lo, children are an heritage of the Lord: and the fruit of the womb is his reward. Psalm 127:3

Philip had entrusted the herb shop to Danika's keeping again. It had gotten so he didn't even need to be around much when she was there, and he was able to spend more time with Naomi. Philip had taught her about each herb in the shop and its usage. They had even gone wildcrafting for fresh herbs. Danika had no idea that God had provided such a bounty for man in nature. Shed always thought the greenery growing everywhere was just weeds. Never would she have thought they could be used to heal and save lives.
The part Danika liked best about working in the herb shop was conversing with the customers. It was amazing to see how much her uncle had benefited the lives of his friends and neighbors through his knowledge of herbal medicine. Customer after customer had come in and bragged about Philip to her, and she loved hearing every word. She felt blessed to have this special knowledge and was excited that one day she might have her own herbal practice.
Naomi had been taking some herbs during her pregnancy too. Near the end of pregnancies, Philip would give expectant mothers an herbal tea blend that would help strengthen their bodies for delivery. Philip found that this tea also greatly cut down the time of labor for the women. Naomi would be going into labor someday soon, and Danika couldn't wait for the blessed event to occur. Philip said she could be in the house when the baby was born to keep an eye on the younger children. 
<><><> 
Danika had just served the volleyball when Isaac Fisher, neighbor to the Kings, drove up in his buggy. He had driven up to the schoolhouse like a bolt of lightning, spewing dust into the school yard. Is Danika here? he hollered toward the crowd of young folk.
Jah, I'm here. Danika emerged from the group. Is somethin' wrong?
Nee, all is gut. Naomi's having her boppli! Isaac replied excitedly. Would ya like a ride?
Jah. Joanna, will you please tell Grace that I went home? she said as she jumped into the buggy.
On the drive home, Danika sent up a silent prayer. Dear Lord, Please keep Naomi and the baby safe. Please don't let anything go wrong, and give Uncle Philip wisdom to know what to do. Amen.
<><><> 
When Danika walked into the house, she expected to hear a bunch of hollering like in the movies. This was completely different. The house was pretty quiet for the most part. Rachel, Isaac's new wife, was watching the children upstairs and she could hear them playing. She only heard Philip's gentle words coming from the bedroom as he coached and comforted his delivering wife. Push, she heard him say about three times.
Wh-a-a-a! she heard a tiny voice echo through the door. She ran to the door and waited a few minutes, then asked if she could enter.
Kumm in and meet your new baby cousin, Philip declared joyfully. Her name is Rebekah, in memory of your mother.
Bittersweet tears filled her eyes. Oh-h... Danika cooed, as she held the small bundle in her arms. She's so precious. And tiny, too. Look at her little nose, it looks like mine.
You mean mine, Philip teased. Okay, let's allow the little one to get to know her mamm. She's probably hungry.
Danika handed the new precious gift to her mother. How are ya feelin', Aunt Naomi?
A little tired, but I feel gut. She smiled at her new little girl.
I prayed for ya. Dani smiled.
Denki, Naomi said, as she looked down at her suckling infant. Gott blessed us, for sure and for certain. 
<><><> 
Danika had been much happier since her new little cousin arrived  Rebekah, named after her mother and Philip's sister. School was steadily getting better too. Seeing Eli didn't hurt as much as it had, but she still wished things could be different. She was still praying for restoration between her uncle and Jacob Yoder, and she believed God would bring it about in His perfect timing.
Eli handed her an envelope during lunch and she longed to open it, but she could not disobey Uncle Philip and disappoint him again. Please open it, Danika, Eli softly pleaded with her.
Aw, you know I can't, Eli.
It's not a letter, he coaxed once more.
Okay, but I hope this won't get me into trouble, Danika warned.
She gently opened the envelope and out poured her lost necklace. She couldn't help but give him a hug out of gratitude. Oh, Eli! How did ya find it?
When you gave up, I came back to the school and kept looking for it. I prayed and the Lord helped me find it. May I put it on ya? he asked timidly, hoping she'd let him.
Jah. 
Eli opened the clasp and gently placed the jewelry around Danika's neck. His hands lingered on her neck a moment and he fought the urge to kiss her.
Denki, Eli. Tis a special thing you did for me.
<><><>

Chapter 13 - Cindy
Thine own friend, and thy father's friend, forsake not... Proverbs 27:10a

Danika could hardly contain her excitement. Cindy would be arriving today. The morning was filled with chores and house cleaning, making sure it was spotless for their special guest. Dani asked Naomi for a box in which she placed her computer, cell phone, and other worldly items to give away to Cindy. She knew she wouldn't use them anymore, she was Plain now. Surprisingly enough, she didn't even miss them. When Danika finished her chores, she and Philip rode to the airport to pick her friend up. 
During the long ride to the airport, thoughts of Eli ran through her head. She contemplated the rift between Philip and Eli's father and hoped desperately that they could resolve their differences so she and Eli could remain friends. He was the best friend she'd ever known and she didn't want to lose him. 
What are you thinking about, Danika? Philip asked, breaking the silence. He was surprised to see her looking so down when they were on their way to pick up her good friend.
Eli, she simply said.
I know what it's like to love someone you can't be with. It's very difficult, especially at your age. Philip tried to relate with his niece.
What do you mean? Dani asked.
Well, when I was in my rumspringa I had an English aldi. I had to make one of the most difficult decisions in my life. Even though I still loved her, I decided to break things off and join the church. For a long time my heart ached and I'd wondered if I did the right thing. Now I realize that if I hadn't done that, then Naomi and I would've never married. And I may have never met Christ. Sometimes we just have to trust God to know what He's doing. If it's His will, then it will work out. If it's not, that just means He has something better planned.
I guess I never thought about it quite like that, but you're right. Danika was grateful that Philip had shared a special part of his life with her.
So, what do you think your friend will think of us? Philip asked.
She'll probably flip out at first like I did, but at least she got some type of warning.
Philip chuckled at her comment. Jah, I guess that was a pretty big culture shock for you.
Jah, for sure and for certain. But now I've come to love it and I hope Cindy will too.
<><><> 
Wow, Danika. You guys are, like, totally old-fashioned, Cindy said, as the two of them entered Danika's bedroom.
I know. Isn't it sorta cool? Danika said. Just wait till you get to milk goats with me tomorrow.
Milk what?
Goats. It's a lot of fun, especially when you squirt the milk right into your mouth. Danika smiled.
Oh, that is so gross!
You're funny, Cindy. Danika laughed.
No, I think you're the funny one, Cindy bantered.
So, have you been surfing without me? Danika realized how much she missed it.
Just went yesterday. There were some great waves, you would've loved it. Cindy reminisced.
Bummer. I guess that's one of the things I miss most. But there's some really cool things to do here, too.
Really? Like what? Cindy doubted.
Well, aside from spending time with Eli, which I'm not allowed to do now anyway, there's horseback riding, volleyball, and when the pond freezes over we're going to go ice skating.
No way, real ice skating out on a pond? Now, I'm jealous, Cindy teased.
Well, you can always come back and visit in January. Dani smiled. By the way, how are your parents doing?
You wouldn't believe it. They're doing great now. As a matter of fact, they're on a romantic cruise in the Caribbean right now. Cindy beamed.
That's wonderful-gut! What happened? 
Well, they started going to this church and got counseling. They are so much happier now. 
Are you going to church too?
Well, I kinda have to because they won't let me stay home alone, Cindy stated.
Did ya read what I wrote in the last email I sent?
Yes, I did. It was interesting. I never thought you'd get into all that religious stuff.
Oh no, it's not religious stuff, Danika asserted.
I don't get it. 
I trusted Jesus Christ to save me. I now have a relationship with my Heavenly Father. Religion is a lot different than a relationship.
Hmm...well, I guess I'll have to think on that. Cindy clearly wasn't interested, to Danika's disappointment. She decided she would pray for her. So, when do I get to meet this Eli? Cindy inquired.
Ach, I don't know! Maybe you can walk me to school on Monday, jah?
Sure. So, what am I going to do around here all day while you're off at school making puppy dog eyes at your boyfriend? Cindy asked rudely.
Well, first of all, he's not my beau yet. I can't even court till I'm sixteen. Secondly, contrary to popular belief, I actually do my schoolwork during school time. But I do sneak a look every now and then, Danika admitted. And you will have your hands full helping Naomi with the little ones. You're so lucky; I wish I could stay home with the babies!
Little Rebekah is awfully cute. And PJ's adorable, Cindy agreed.
Well, I guess I should go downstairs and help Naomi with dinner. Danika arose from her bed and headed toward the stairs.
Wait for me. I'm coming too.
<><><> 
Wow, I can't believe you guys walk this far to school every day, Cindy said as the four girls neared the school house.
It's not that far. Just a couple of miles, Joanna replied nonchalantly.
Well, I'd have a hot bod if I did this every day, Cindy replied. Danika laughed, sometimes Cindy could be so funny.
A what? Chloe asked.
Never-mind, Cindy answered.
You'd rather not know anyway, Danika assured her friends. She spotted Eli pushing his younger sister on the swing. There's Eli. She smiled, blushing as she said his name.
Wow, Girl, you've got it bad, Cindy remarked.
Shh...he's coming this way, Danika said excitedly, as he walked toward them. Chloe and Joanna had gone into the schoolhouse.
Eli smiled at the two of them as he walked up, but his eyes lingered on Danika. 
Eli, Dani introduced, this is my good friend Cindy from California.
Nice to meet ya, he said politely.
Nice to meet you too, she answered back.
So, what do you think of Pennsylvania so far? He tried to make conversation.
It's beautiful. I love the abundance of trees and foliage, Cindy said.
Jah, me too. How long are ya stayin'?
For a week, while my parents are on a cruise.
Oh, that's gut. I'm sure you and Dani will have a fun time together. Well I hope you enjoy your time here. Don't let Danika get you into too much trouble, he teased. Eli winked at Danika, said goodbye to them both, and then headed to the schoolhouse.
As soon as he was out of site, Cindy turned to Danika. Wow, he's a hottie!
Shh...I know, huh? Danika whispered back. Just then the bell started to ring. Well I guess I better get in there. You remember how to get back home, right?
Yeah, I'll find my way. Have fun. And try concentrating on your studies, Cindy said, as she started toward the King residence.
Danika laughed, knowing her hidden meaning. Yeah, if I can, she said, just before catching Eli's eye.
<><><> 

Chapter 14 - The Confrontation
...for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. Galatians 6:7c 

A knock on the back door of the schoolhouse interrupted the class. An angry voice boomed, Is Eli in here?
Jah, I'm here, Dat. What is it? Eli gulped. Surely his father coming to find him at school couldn't be good.
Come outside with me, boy! he said as he glanced around the room, searching for the dark-haired girl. His lancinate stare permeated Danika's being as he cast an evil eye at her. 
Oh no! Danika breathed silently. This can't be good.
Eli hesitantly walked outside with his father. Your mother found this in your drawer today. What is it? Jacob Yoder held out the lock of hair Danika had given to Eli.
It's Danika's hair, he said trembling.
The Kings' girl? he asked upsettingly. 
Eli nodded.
I thought I told you not to see that girl anymore! Jacob Yoder's words echoed through the classroom.
Danika could hear the words clearly from where she sat and immediately put her face in her hands. Please God! This cannot be happening. 
But I...we haven't  Eli didn't want to lie to his father; he was in enough trouble as it is.
When did you get this, boy? he asked roughly.
Eli sighed. On my birthday.
You mean to tell me you saw that girl after I forbid you to? Mad as a hornet's nest, anger dripped with every syllable.
Jah, sorry Dat, Eli squeaked.
Oh, you'll be sorry all right, Jacob Yoder threatened. We are going down to Philip King's right now and I'm going to have some words with him. Get in the buggy. Eli hesitated at his father's command. Now! 
No, Dat, Eli dared to say. I love Danika and I plan to marry her whether you like it or not.
Danika could feel the eyes of all of her classmates on her.
Don't be a fool, Son. Get in the buggy, I said, Jacob demanded and grasped his arm; Eli had no choice but to obey.
Danika jumped out of her seat and ran out of the schoolhouse. She raced home on foot as fast as she could. Please, Lord, no! she silently prayed. Please don't let this happen, I beg you! Her heart had never been heavier.
<><><> 
Jacob Yoder came stomping into Philip's herb shop with Eli behind him. King, I want to talk to you, Jacob said in a semi-controlled voice.
Uh, let's step out back, Philip suggested, not wanting to startle his customers.
I found this in my boy's drawer. He held out the lock of hair. Your girl gave it to him, he said angrily.
Philip said nothing. He could see poor Eli was trembling.
What kind of girl gives a gift like that? he stated more than asked. And black hair too. Shes not our kind.
Jacob Yoder was definitely a different man now than who Philip had known in the past. It was plain to see that bitterness had gotten a hold of him. Just then Danika ran up, panting. She and Eli locked eyes in horror.
Philip King, you've given me more trouble than  Jacob grasped his heart, obviously in pain, fell to his knees, and his face began turning white.
Danika, quick, get the cayenne. He's having a heart attack! Philip called to Danika who was closest to the herb shop.
No, Dat! Eli cried.
Danika ran back with a glass full of something red, and they gave it to Jacob to drink. After he had drunk the entire glass, they moved him into the house where he could rest. Eli went and stayed by his father's side. I'm sorry, Dat. He sobbed on his father's shoulder, while he lay on the bed.
Philip walked up behind Eli and touched his arm. It'll be okay, Son, he said comfortingly. Eli stood up and Philip embraced him while his tears flowed freely. It's not your fault, he stated.
Danika stood in the kitchen explaining the whole situation to Naomi and Cindy. Afterward, she went outside alone and prayed, Dear Lord, Please don't let Eli lose his dad. Not like this. It would be too much of a burden for him to carry. No matter what happens to Eli and me, please let his father live. 
<><><> 
Hi, Danika, Eli said, as he came and sat by her on the porch swing. It looks like Dat's going to be okay.
Danika gave him a big hug, and he held her tight. I'm so glad, Eli.
Your Uncle Philip is in there talking with him right now. He's sharing the Gospel, can you believe it?
We must pray that he gets saved. Jesus is the only one that can heal his heart, Danika stated. Eli took her hand and he prayed aloud.
<><><> 
Philip poked his head out the door, and informed Eli and Danika, Jacob would like to see you now. Both of you.
They looked at each other with questioning eyes, then back at Philip.
It's all right, kumm, he reassured them. They followed him into the quiet house and he led them to the living room, where Jacob now sat on the small couch.
Jacob still appeared a little frail, but his countenance had changed somehow. Eli and Danika sat down on the two wooden chairs in the room. Jacob looked at Danika as if to be studying her. She did not look away. He then looked at his son and began to speak, Eli... his voice cracked, I have been wrong.
'Tis okay, Dat.
No, my behavior was not okay. I have let my own pride stand in the way of truth. Because of it, I have become a despicable man. I am not only ruining my own life, but also the lives of those around me. I am ashamed that it had to come to this before I opened my eyes. Will you please forgive me for the grief I have caused you? he asked, his eyes pleading.
For sure and for certain. Eli smiled at his dad.
Jacob then looked at Dani. Danika, is it?
She nodded her head.
Please come here, he requested.
She came and stood before him, quickly glancing at Eli.
Jacob took her hand and searched her eyes. Forgive me for misjudging you, I was wrong. You and your uncle have saved my life. I am indebted to you.
All is forgiven, she granted with misty eyes. 
Philip broke his silence and spoke up, Jacob, I would be honored if you and your family would join us for lunch this Sunday.
We would be honored to come, he replied.
<><><> 


Chapter 15  The Surprise
A merry heart doeth good like a medicine... Proverbs 17:22a

Danika couldn't think of a time in her life when she had been happier. Eli had taken most of the week off from school to help out at home. On Friday, he returned to class with the rest of the scholars. It was difficult for both of them to keep their minds on their studies. They were looking forward to this Sunday when their families would share in fellowship.
Eli escorted Danika home from school with the blessing of his father and Philip. They recounted all of the things that had happened since that first day in the woods. They marveled in the wondrous things that God had wrought, and how he had answered their prayers. God had never seemed more real in their lives than now, and they knew that they could trust Him with their future.
<><><> 
Sunday came quicker than expected and Naomi, Danika, and Cindy were busy making preparations for the noon meal. Philip had brought an extra table into the kitchen to accommodate their guests and the ladies quickly set it. When the Yoders arrived, Jacob gave Philip a hearty bear hug. Smiles and laughter soon filled the house as friendships were restored. 
When all of the guests were present and seated, Philip made an announcement, Naomi and I have a surprise for Danika.
Danika looked at them both inquisitively, and then glanced around the table to see if anyone else knew about it. They looked just as curious as she was.
Philip went to the bedroom and brought out a shiny red scooter.
What in the world? Danika asked in surprise. 
The scooter is not the surprise. It's in the basket. Naomi smiled.
Danika reached into the basket and pulled out a white rectanglular envelope. She quickly opened it, a little nervous that all eyes were on her. She pulled out a card and read it silently, then read the words that were written by hand aloud: Danika, we love you and we hope that you will be happy to be called our daughter. You are now officially Danika Morales King. Love, Your new Mamm and Dat.
With tears in her eyes, Danika rushed to her new parents and embraced them. Denki, I love you too.
THE END 







A sneak peek at Book 3 in the Amish Girls Series...
Chloe's Revelation
J.E.B. Spredemann






Chapter 1 - Anticipation
A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance... Proverbs 15:13a

Ada Esh gingerly picked up her birthing supply bag, waved a quick farewell to her husband Daniel, then headed from the dawdi haus to the larger dwelling next door. Her granddaughter Chloe would possibly be observing her first birth today and Ada hoped she would eventually take over her midwifery duties in Paradise. Since Ada had passed her sixty-fifth birthday, she figured it was due time to train someone from the younger generation and pass on the art of catching babies.
Hullo, Mary! Ada greeted her daughter-in-law. Is Chloe ready?
Mary dried her hands on a dish towel and offered Ada a hug. Jah, she is thrilled. That boppli is all she's been talking about lately. She should be down in a bit.
Chloe quickly descended the stairs, Grossmudder! She gave her grandmother a quick embrace. This is going to be so exciting!
Well, the two of us better get going before that boppli arrives without us. You know if that happens, Isaac Fisher will be beside himself not knowing what to do. We don't want the new dat to worry. Ada warned.
The buggy is all hitched up and ready to go! Peter Esh hollered from the back door.
Denki, Sohn. Ada said as she and Chloe tromped down the back steps of the porch.
<><><>
Chloe grasped the sides of her apron with sweaty hands, emotions swirling in her mind. This was the most exciting time in her life. Today she would be assisting Mammi with her first birth, school was finally over and done with, she would be staying home and helping Mamm with the house and the kinner, and she would be attending her first Singing soon. Her transition from childhood into adulthood had finally begun and her expectations couldn't be higher. She quietly smiled to herself as she and Ada rode along in their buggy. Cayenne, her beautiful auburn-colored quarter horse, seemingly took forever to arrive at the Fisher residence, not at all how he usually performed when Chloe raced him with Joanna Fisher's Arabian stallion, Blueberry.
Upon their arrival, Chloe hopped down from the buggy. As Isaac took Cayenne out to the pasture, she and Ada hurried into the house to see Rachel. Chloe was surprised when she noticed her sister Rachel preparing a casserole for the evening meal. Rachel smiled at the two ladies as they entered her home.
Wilkom! Rachel's cheeks glowed with joy.
How's Mamm and the boppli doing? Ada asked.
Ach, I thought he was ready to make his appearance, but it seems he or she has settled down now. I haven't had one contraction since Isaac called you. Rachel sighed disappointedly.
Appears to be false labor. Happens all the time, so don't feel bad. The boppli will come when he's good and ready. Ada chuckled.
Since you're here anyway, how about a cup of peppermint tea? Rachel suggested.
Ada and Chloe glanced at one another and both agreed. Might as well.
<><><>
Hey, Dat. What's Mother's Day? Jonathan Fisher asked his father Gideon as they walked toward Beiler's Hardware store.
Gideon rubbed his beard, a confused look adorning his face. Mother's Day? Why do you ask?
Well, I just saw a sign in the window of that store over there. It read 'Don't forget Mother's Day this Sunday'. The ten-year-old explained bright-eyed.
I reckon Mother's Day is a day the Englischers celebrate their mamms. Gideon stated, hoping his simple answer would suffice his son's curiosity.
How come we don't celebrate Mother's Day, Dat? he wondered.
Like I said, Mother's Day is a holiday for the Englisch. We don't need fancy days to show how much our loved ones mean to us. We show them everyday by our actions.
While Jonathan thought that Mother's Day sounded like a good holiday to celebrate, he didn't argue with his father. Instead, he tried hard to think of something special he could give his mother to show her that he loved her. A smiled slowly crept across his face when he came up with an idea.
<><><>
Jonathan, are you sure you know what you're doing? Matthew Riehl asked nervously as the two boys entered the cemetery.
Come on, Matthew. Don't ya wanna get somethin' nice for your mamm? Jonathan smiled thinking of the look of delight on his mother's face when he would deliver his special gift.
Jah, I guess so. But are ya sure this is okay? He looked to his friend with a worried expression.
Jah, of course. Matthew, do ya think I'd do something to get you in trouble?
Matthew thought of the time when Jonathan talked him into helping him rope off the outhouse at school. Unbeknownst to Matthew, their friend Joshua Hostettler, also the bishop's son, was inside. Matthew had to stay after school a whole hour everyday for the next week and write an essay about the 'Golden Rule'. Well  
Of course, not. Jonathan assured him. The people here are all dead. They won't care if we take the flowers. Besides, the men that work here just throw the flowers away anyhow. Jonathan spotted a large bouquet of brightly-colored artificial flowers and his eyes lit up. He quickly knelt down and took the flowers from the plastic vase.
But, isn't that stealing? Matthew gulped.
Like I said, Matthew. The people are dead, they don't care about the flowers. Besides, isn't it better to give flowers to people that are living?
Well  
Just think of how happy your mamm will be when she sees the flowers. Unless, you'd rather give her one of those big candles with a picture of Jesus on it. Na...that would probably be a graven image. Besides, how do ya suppose they know what Jesus looks like? Jonathan mused aloud, not waiting for Matthew's answer. Here's some nice flowers and they're purple too. Didn't you say purple was your mamm's favorite color? Jonathan held out a small bouquet of silk lilacs to Matthew.
Uh...okay. Do you think we should go now? Matthew furtively glanced around.
Jah, I can't wait till tomorrow! Jonathan smiled as he and his friend walked out the cemetery gate.
<><><>

Available NOW at online bookstores 


