The Bell Pit
By Alfred Bolt

Published by Alfred Bolt at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 Alfred Bolt
Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36

Chapter 1

No! I wouldnt think of it! Besides, youve had a drink tonight, Thomas, and the journey would be unbearable in this heat. I may tire on my dainty legs, but the exercise will do me good. Im not the young lass I used to be; you should know that. 
As Sandra uttered this last word, she gave a nip and a tug on Thomas arm. Her host agreed Sandra would be fine, and he gave her a brief hug and a little kiss on the cheek before letting her go off into the night. After seeing Sandra down the path, Thomas shut the door.
Ive never known such unbearable heat, thought Sandra as she walked home. I dont think it could get any hotter, even if the devil himself fanned the flames, and she chuckled. Later, Sandra would recall these words with horror.
In the shadows, a strong, powerful man stood with a cool purpose upon his intended deed. Unlike others abroad in the nights heat, the man did not feel stifled. It was as though the hot air resisted his being and even shrank from the coldness of it.
As she made her way down the dark avenue, the humid air echoed the irregular steps from Sandras stiletto heels. As she turned the corner of Middam Avenue, her right shoulder brushed up against a hedge. Oh! she exclaimed to herself. I feel a little tipsy. She giggled and continued towards her house nestled beneath a cluster of trees. 
The stranger began to twitch his feet upon the spot where Sandra would pass, and like a cat before the pounce, he crouched himself on his toes to lower his huge frame to increase his intended leap.
Sandra was only a few yards away from the man, and just as her little shoe tapped out its last step on the pavement, he sprung from out his lair. Sandra did not have time to scream and so advertise her terrible abduction to others abroad on that night. The left side of her soft face gave way completely as the stranger drove, with all the force of an eighteen stone man, his fist into it. All that was heard was the crunch of her lower jaw and cheekbone. The abductor remained calm, knowing his strike was successful in rendering Sandras unconsciousness; he was not wrong. 
Before Sandra could fall in a heap, the man swiftly placed his left arm under her right flank, and with the agility of an accomplished dancer, he swung his other arm under her loose legs and drew her body up into his arms. Her head flopped back before coming to rest on the mans left shoulder. 
The stranger spun round and with speed carried her down a small alleyway. When he reached the end of the dimly lit alley, he paused. Assured that no one spied him, he leapt towards a waiting van, whose door had already been primed to ease quick opening. The stranger flung down Sandras body on a grey woollen blanket and rolled her unconscious being up, so that she would be incapable of movement should she suddenly regain consciousness. He then pressed his weight against the door, so that it was clamped shut. He threw a quick glance over his right shoulder to check that all was clear, strode towards the drivers side of the vehicle and jumped in. He struck up the engine and the van moved off. No car or soul greeted the van on the avenue as it drove off to its place of destination: Middleton Woods.
Upon arrival at Middleton Woods, the man parked the van up near to the Equestrian Centre. He knew no one would be there to stop his mission. However, as he stepped out of the van and cast his stare towards South Leeds Stadium, a grimace passed over his lips. It was midnight, but he could hear drunken laughs and shouts coming from the Stadiums function room. The stranger had planned his mission; checked that no event would happen at the stadium that night, but the Manager of the stadium had put together an impromptu little party to celebrate the sudden return of his daughter from Australia. 
For a moment, the man deliberated his intended mission, but upon quick assessment, he felt it necessary to carry on regardless of the unexpected danger. 
Anyway most of them will be drunk already, and I doubt whether many of them would drag themselves up the hill and into the woodland, he assured himself. The man had earlier decided that if he met any unfortunate witnesses in the woods, they would have to meet the same fate as others.
A solitary yellow lamp lit the night. The man made his way to the side of the van and opened the door. For a moment, he paused and cast a cautious look over his shoulder and down Middleton Way; nothing was noticeable. He then swung back his head, quickly opened the door of the van, grabbed hold of Sandra, and flung her body over his right shoulder. He then locked the door, and with steps and stature of athleticism, the stranger made haste for the entrance to the woods.
The woods in full summer life welcomed and shrouded the stranger with the wrapped body on his back. A few strides further and the wood had devoured the two souls. The initial path he made his way down ran parallel to the Equestrian Centre, divided only by a copse of woodland. He could hear a horse shuffling its hoofs on some hay whilst another gave a faint whiny in its sleep. The man was not the only one to hear the horse; Sandra had begun to stir from her unconsciousness. The figure felt a twitch of her body as she let out a groan of pain, which made him halt his journey.
The stranger had placed Sandras body on his shoulder with her stomach resting on his right shoulder and her head over his back, and her legs dangling down his front. He lowered Sandra down to the ground and clasped his hands under her armpits to hold her upright. Sandras head lapsed to one side. He then pulled her over his shoulder again, as you would a sack, but this time Sandras head dangled over his front and her legs behind his back. The purpose of which was to allow the strangers huge left hand to cusp her mouth and stifle any cry of pain she could utter that could escape from the woods and light upon an unsuspecting ear asleep in the Equestrian Centre.
They ventured only fifty or so yards before they met a crossroads that intersected and intertwined the woods. When the man reached the crossroads, he took the path north, which carried them deeper into the woods. After a few minutes, he suddenly turned off the path and made his way through terrain with thicker foliage and more dense trees. 
It was easier last time leading the drunken and drugged man by the arm, he thought to himself.
The stranger pushed his way further into the heart of the forest. Every life and plant seemed to resist their journey, but their hindrance was futile, and finally, the stranger and his victim reached their destination and the final resting place of Sandra and another: Alfred Sissons Bell-Pit.
Chapter 2

Bell pits were primitive coal pits dug around the time of the 14th century. They derived their name from the shape they made. A cross section of the pit would reveal the shape of an old school masters bell. The miners would dig down to produce a shaft about the height of two large houses. They would then work at the seam, both to the right and to the left of the vertical shaft, producing two large chambers or caverns. The seam would be worked until it became unstable and in imminent danger of collapse. The miners then abandoned the bell pit and began to excavate a new pit. This was more economical than shoring and propping the chamber roofs of the old bell pit. The soil excavated from the new pit would be used to backfill the old abandoned bell pit.
Scattered throughout the whole woods of Middleton nowadays, one can find the abandoned bell pits of those early miners. The tell-tale sign to a rambler would be a large depression in the ground about four or five metres in diameter and about three or four metres in depth. Although the bell pits had been back-filled, many years of rain and ground settlement caused the tell-tale depressions. 
In 1345, a small community of about fifty souls inhabited a clearing nestled amidst Middleton Woods. They called this clearing Middleham. Its inhabitants would venture into the surrounding woods to dig the bell pits for coal.
A robust character named Jake controlled Middleham village. Jake was a powerful man in his early thirties. He hadnt always lived in Middleham. He was an outsider, a Lancastrian. Unknown to the inhabitants of Middleham, Jake was a murderer from across the Pennines. In his mid-twenties, he was dissolute drunk and generally created havoc wherever he went. One day he had fallen into an argument with two men in a market bar, and they fell to fighting. Jake lost all control and killed one his opponents by stabbing him in the eye with a knife he carried with him. After which Jake fled from Lancashire to Yorkshire and finally arrived in Middleham. 
The Middleham locals were very suspicious of Jake at first, but he won them over with his quiet manner and charm. Jake had made a steadfast resolution to change wholly his character. He had completely given up alcohol and every other vice. He controlled his temper on all occasions. After a couple of years, Jake had gained the highest respect by all the Middleham community, so much so that the head of Middleham, Thomas Rastok, gave his daughter to Jake in marriage. Years past, and when old Mr Rastok died, Jake assumed control over the village of Middleham. Even after this acquisition of power, Jake kept complete control of his good character. He now barely gave a thought to his previous life of sin.
Jake looked after his community, and in turn, they held him in the highest respect. He resolved disputes, gave away daughters in marriage, led delegations to other villages such as Rotham and Beestham, oversaw festive activities, was champion wrestler, and he often called and cared for the sick and elderly. Almost all the young people and children in the village had Jake as their godfather. Jakes immense strength, charismatic character, and virtue made him the complete patriarch for the Middleham community. However, in 1345, an adversary brought death not only to Jake but also brought disaster to all Middleham and to the surrounding villages: the Black Death and its three plagues of doom: the bubonic, pneumonic, and the most devastating of all: the septicaemic plague. The death rate for the septicaemic plague was 100%. No one survived its attack. Victims would succumb to high fever; purple patches would devastate their bodies, and death would finally claim them. 
The septicaemic plague roared through Middleham with terrible force. The elderly, sick, feeble and young stood no chance and quickly gave up their lives. Jake strove to defend his little community, but because he had no idea what was the cause of the catastrophe, his struggle was doomed. He ordered the dead to be buried, but the swiftness of the plague did not allow them time to inter their corpses in graves, so Jake instructed the dead to be interred in one of the nearby bell pits, locally known as Alfred Sissons Bell Pit, a mine worked upon by the Sissons family. Jake lowered the plague victims down the shaft and carried their bodies to their final place of rest. Once the dead were interred, a domed seal of clay, branches, stone, mud, and anything else were compacted to cover the entrance to the shaft. 
Along with Jake, only three characters survived the initial onslaught of the vicious disease, but within days, they too had fallen to the plague. Jake was the last to succumb. He buried the last bodies in another bell pit, which had nearly been backfilled. Within the hour Jake himself died by the side of one of the three little streams which ran through Middleham. The Black Death and the septicaemic plague had claimed the last life of the Middleham community. Nothing was left of it thereafter. 
Over the centuries, twisted tree roots entwined the domed seal to Alfred Sissons Bell Pit, and all that remained was a little bump on the surface of the ground that advertised nothing of what lay beneath its fold.
Over the next six hundred years, Middleham received new inhabitants to its surrounding landscapes; Middleham became Middleton. However, development only took place around the woodlands; and in the later centuries, the woods gained environmental protection and assumed the present name of Middleton Woods, the Green Lung of Leeds. The bell pit depressions in the woodlands were all that remained of Middleham as testament to its existence all those years ago, of which the most famous depression is Blue Bell Pit. However, nothing was known of Alfred Sissons Bell Pit until a young lad named Nicholas, living nearby, accidentally discovered its existence and uncovered its terrible secret, which had been kept hidden all those centuries ago.
Chapter 3

The strange figure stood there in the blackness of the sweltering night above Alfred Sissons Bell Pit, with Sandra still barely conscious in his arms, just how a mother or father would carry their young ones to sleep. After a moment he lowered Sandra to the leafy floor, and whilst she lay there, he opened up the throat of Alfred Sissons Bell Pit and retrieved a steel rope of very little diameter, but capable of lifting a  ton load. A few days earlier, he had fastened the steel chord to a large oak that stood by the pit and had hid the chord just below the surface of leaves and bracken. He now attached a clip at the other end of the wire and then fastened a sling to the end of it.
After he had performed the task, he knelt down next to Sandras body and wrapped the sling around her. When he was convinced the jacket would hold, he placed some leather gloves on his hands, moved Sandras body to the edge of the shaft, and then began to lower her being into the darkness below. The descent took a couple of minutes. As Sandras body reached the ground at the bottom, he felt the cable loosen; after which, the figure climbed into the shaft, pulled over the seal, closed the tomb, and descended himself into the darkness.
He descended the shaft with speed, taking care so as not stand on Sandras body lying at the bottom of the shaft. The stranger did not strike a lamp or torch-light, but administered everything in complete darkness. He picked up Sandras limp body, carried it to the far side of the right chamber of the pit, and laid her down. He opened the blanket that wrapped her, turned her on her side, and unravelled her limp body from the woollen embrace. He knew that it would not be long before Sandra would begin to regain completely her senses, as he had felt her body twitching and beginning to rouse itself again. 
The dark figure attached Sandras left ankle to a chain and snapped on a lock. He then stood up and walked back towards the shaft; however, he did not stop at pits shaft, but carried on walking to the left chamber where Jake had laid his dead brethren all those years ago. He stopped just before their bones, and with his back against the wall, he crouched down. He then let fall his head, so that it came to rest on his knees. He crouched there in utter silence, waiting for the moment when Sandra and another would wake from their unnatural sleep in Alfred Sissons Bell Pit.
 
Chapter 4

Sandra Magg was a mystery of a woman. She could be utterly charming, expressive, and expansive one moment and very dark and completely introverted the next. She didnt seem to tick like the rest of the human population, but like an engine without a heart, her being simply beat a pulse of mechanical movement. She was in her early thirties, had a fine figure and chose clothes, which showed her body to full advantage. Sandra was an extremely successful sales-woman for a national printing firm, and had held the job for over ten years. The company let her alone, and she let the company benefit from her skills in sales. The more independence the company gave to Sandra, the more trade and business she generated for them. Her job took her across the length and breadth of the country; there were few places she hadnt visited.
Sandra Magg was married, but the marriage was completely loveless, and merely accommodated her dark lifestyle. Her husband, Clive, was an extremely mild mannered man, who existed in his own world. Sandra had selected Clive as the ideal husband to complement her lifestyle. 
It must be mentioned here as to why Sandra Magg allowed herself to be married. At the age of 25, Sandras parents would constantly question their daughter over her relationships and ask whether she was going to get married and have a family. 
Sandras parents were both teachers and both nearing the age of retirement. They doted unreservedly upon their only daughter and harboured great hopes that Sandra would marry, have children, and theyd become happy grandparents. The thought of having children, though, repulsed the very mind of Sandra. The very idea of giving birth to another almost made her physically sick. Through various stratagems, she managed to keep this revulsion from her parents; but in the end, their attack became incessant, and the only way to ensure both her own lifestyle and accommodate the hopes of her parents was to get married. But to whom? she struggled with.
Sandra Magg had never really had a normal relationship with a man. She had had countless sexual encounters, but had no desire at all to enter a relationship, let alone fall into love; a concept she held in utmost contempt. 
On one of her visits to Manchester she called at Laisters & Son, a small family owned banner and poster manufacturing firm. Clive Laister, son of deceased Emily and Frank Laister, ran the company. He administered to clinical precision the running of the business; every decision he made, he would think of a general conducting his army in battle. However, he always looked after his staff and was always fair in any concerns of theirs. This business quality made a success of his trade, and at the age of thirty-four, Clive was an independently wealthy man. 
Clives life mirrored the mathematical manner in which he ran his business. He woke at 5.30 am every morning, except on Sunday, when he woke at 5.45 am. He would fastidiously dress and preen himself, address any domestic issues, and set off to work to run his business with meticulous attention. This complete mechanical lifestyle excluded any notion of love, although it did not crush such a desire; it merely set it aside as not being as important as other more pressing matters. Even up to his twenty eighth year, he had never had a full relationship with a woman. In his earlier twenties, he had had a couple of brief encounters, but they came to nothing, and he simply gave up the desire for the opposite sex and plunged himself ever deeper into his work and his hobby of war games. It was at this time he met Sandra Magg.
From the very moment Sandra met Clive, she knew he was the man she would marry; she instinctively knew that he would allow her to maintain her present lifestyle, whilst giving her parents hope of fulfilling their hope for grandchildren and happy retirement.
Hello, my names Sandra Magg from Reids National Prints and you, by the manner of your smile, must be Clive Laister. Sandra held out her hand accompanied by a smile with so much candour and charisma that Clive could not resist relenting his precision and being warmed by the address of the woman in front of him. 
Please, Sandra, proceed this way, and I will immediately order some refreshments, and you can relate to me how I can help you. 
The pair then disappeared into Clives office. They remained there for over two hours; in those two hours, Sandra had quickly concluded her business affairs, and secured, without much objection, a contract from Clives firm. She had then set about eliciting all manner of information from Clive: his interests, especially his passion of war games and his eternal pursuit of creating a mathematical formula that could equal Einsteins E=MC. Sandra mustered every reserved ounce of mental and physical energy to remain interested in what Clives life was immersed in. At the end of the meeting, Clive, being somewhat intoxicated by the narration of his own autobiography to Sandra, and emboldened, asked Sandra whether she would like to have lunch with him. Her immediate tactic was to say, Yes, but she faltered, and felt she couldnt take another two hours of his autobiography and replied, I would much prefer to have dinner tonight with you, Clive, if thats fine by you? and she touched the top of his hand ever so gently. Clive became somewhat overwhelmed and stammered back, Of course, Sandra. Yes! Of course! They agreed to meet at 7pm at a select Manchester restaurant.
The dinner went as planned for both parties: Sandra trapped her husband and Clive couldnt believe his luck. Within two months, they were married at a very simple ceremony. Sandras parents were the only guests, since Clives were both deceased in a traffic accident, and he had no friends. 
At first, Sandra would play the dutiful wife; for the first year she would endeavour to return home each day rather than, as was her wont and custom, to book into a hotel. She showed enormous tenacity of design to maintain her assumed affection for her husband. For all intents and purposes, they appeared the happy couple; but no children blessed the marriage, and Sandras parents became disheartened once again.
Shortly after the elapse of the first year, Sandra began slowly to change the structure of the marriage. Clive had developed a new passion: chess. Hed joined Manchester Chess Club and had become engrossed in the game. Sandra took full advantage of this latest mathematical obsession of his and began to stay in hotels when travelling away from home, but instead to book into a hotel and return home only on the following day. It then became two days, three days, four days, until she sometimes would leave on a Monday morning and would not return home until Friday night, claiming to have more work on, and that her extensive travels, over large distances, meant it impractical to return home each night. Clive accepted this as he always did and fell ever deeper into his pursuit of cracking the code of how best to play chess. 
The couple grew more distant. On a weekend, Sandra would return home, complain of being exhausted and resist any of Clives sexual advances. Finally, all sex ceased on a regular basis, too, and only occasionally throughout the year would she instigate an advance of Clive to keep him trapped.
Clive began to attend chess tournaments almost every weekend, so that husband and wife rarely saw each other. Sandra had succeeded in her design. She had become married, financially assured, but kept her own lifestyle intact. Children never blessed the marriage, and her parents crawled into their pensionable age without hearing the laughs and cries of their hoped for grandchildren. Years passed and both died. Sandras last bane left her and she smiled.
To all her friends, colleagues and family Sandra led the ideal lifestyle: a working wife, a loving husband, wealthy, good-looking, and extremely charismatic. However, in reality, a darker side contrasted this existence. Sandra would regularly hunt men on evenings after sales and occasionally during the day too. She would never entertain clients of hers, but would pick up men in either some hotel bar or other such establishment. She would only pick up one man a week, and he was carefully chosen. She would never meet the man again, or frequent the bar of hotel where the liaison was struck, nor would she take a man in the same city or town in the same month, but would choose different cities and towns to trap, as she would say, my prey!
Although Sandra exercised great caution in her selection of male, such exhibition of sexual expression as this always carried its risks to which Sandra was not immune, and on a couple of occasions she contracted some venereal disease. However, because of her platonic marriage, she quickly had the problem sorted in some obscure private clinic, and the dutiful husband was none the wiser. In the aftermath of these two unfortunate occasions, Sandra was held in extreme temper; and what was unnaturally strange was that her rage was directed not at the absent men or prey, who had passed on the disease, but at the imagined women, who had given the men the disease. In Sandras mind, an extreme form of hatred was directed against these women.
In her sexual encounters with men, Sandra always instigated a savage form of love over her prey. She selected her man on the basis that she would determine the events of the night and not the man. She began to fantasise, through her sexual acts that she was exacting punishment, or in her words returning the disease back to the woman that had infected the man. This perverse way of viewing sex and practicing it dominated Sandras thoughts. It wasnt long, however, before an encounter with a man presented Sandra with freedom to express her rage upon another person directly, or in other words, to engage the imaginary woman of her warped imagination face to face.

Chapter 5

The stranger did not have to wait long for Sandra and another to awaken. He heard a faint stir from one of the bodies, as it struggled to regain consciousness. A heavy groan of pain accompanied the shuffling, followed by a movement of the chain. A man was wakening from his drug and alcohol induced sleep. He gave a few more turns with his body, and opened his eyes. Still half-asleep and his mind floating under the influence of narcotics, the man did not realize, at first, there was no light his eyes could establish themselves on. His eyelids struggled to remain open, and they battled for a few minutes before finally staying open. Gradually his mind gathered some clarity and comprehension, and he became aware he was rested in complete darkness. He lay there on his naked back, with his head on the smashed coal, and his eyes widening to a stare fixed upon the blackness of the cavern roof above.
The naked man lay like that for a few minutes gathering his senses, before raising himself slowly up into a sitting position. There he sat staring into the pitch surrounding him.
Where am I? he stammered in his mind. Where have I been?
He wanted to cry out and ask where he was, but his faculties, now engaged, resisted the effort, lest it compromise his uncertain situation further.
The man moved his left leg, but felt something restrain it. He repeated the effort, but met with the same resistance. He leant forward and felt in the darkness for the perpetrator of his captivity, and felt the hard steel ringlets of a chain and the buckle that held his leg fast. He drew his hand backward along the chains length to the point where it was emanating from, but to no avail. The chain was firmly fastened to a point above him on the wall. He gave a firm tug at it, and a rattling resounded through the chamber, but the chain held fast. He got to his feet and walked towards the place where the chain was fastened, and tried to feel for the point of fastening, but it was beyond his reach above him. He placed his bare foot against the wall to add leverage and strength to his effort. He pulled and tugged with all the might he could muster, but the chains base barely moved. It was useless; it would not move.
The mans senses had now become acutely aware of his plight and captivity. He stood there naked in the blackness, with blood thumping through his brain, he struggled with how could he free himself and how had he got there. 
The last thought and question began to gain dominion over the other thoughts that raced through the chambers of his mind. He remembered himself inside Lens Bar, sat in a large cushioned leather chair, drinking and talking among friends. He recalled how each had gradually left as the evening wore on into the night. He remembered that David was the last friend to leave him. Things then became a little cloudy. When David had left, he remembered he had resolved to follow him, but had decided to stay a little while, and finish the cigar he had started. He saw himself there smoking a slim panatela, and blowing out the blue grey smoke against the dim lamps that glowed in the bar. He recalled a big man coming to sit near him, alone and pensive, unapproachable for any conversation. After that, things became lost in his memory, and no matter how hard he pressed his memory, no recall could be mustered.
In the bell pit, the man listened hard and strained his neck into the blackness, but he could discern nothing except a thick and oppressive gloom. At length, however, he thought he could hear a faint but regular hum. He thought what the hum could be and from where it originated. At times he felt it was only a few yards away from him, and another moment, he thought the hum penetrated from above. 
Realizing his plight in not being able to understand his incarceration, the naked man lowered himself on to the floor. He then felt backwards with his hand in the darkness for the wall. When he had safely located it, he put his back to the wall and raised himself to his knees, just as another was doing at the other end of the pit.
The chained man sat there for a few moments deep in thought. All around him, a heavy silence made the gloom more unbearable than ever. 
Suddenly a sound made the man start with horror. Sandra was regaining consciousness; a spasm shifted her leg suddenly, which in turn gave the chain attached to her leg a rasping sound that split the silent air.
The man remained rooted to his knees and stared hard in front. He knew that the sound of the chain was no more than ten yards in front. His mind swarmed with terror at whom, or what it was in front of him. He could see nothing, but he thought that something was approaching his being, and he had no means of escape, or weapon with which to defend his life.
Rapants fear compelled him to cry out in the darkness, Whos there? His trembling voice echoed throughout the mine. He jumped to his feet and again shouted, Whos there? Once again, his voice split the thick silence, but no reply came. 
He stood there on his naked feet, rooted to the spot. He remained in that position for the next minute until another sound shattered the silence.
Sandra gave a deep groan and turned her body over. The man instantly recognised that it was woman who had let out the painful sound. He understood at once that he was not alone, and that another being, a woman, was sharing the same terrible fate as himself. 
Can you hear me? he whispered. Nothing.
Who are you? No reply met his questioning.
Then he heard the chain move again, but this time the movement was more prolonged. Almost immediately, he heard the woman wail out in pain. Upon hearing this cry, involuntary thoughts from Peters memory crowded his brain. Hed heard this same cry of pain many times in his distant past. Thats how the girls used to scream in their pain, he thought. 
His back against the pit wall, and no sooner had he recalled the dark memories of the past, did another more painful howl start his being. Again, the sorrowful sound echoed remembrances of things past in his soul, and for a few seconds, banished the consciousness of the present horror.
Sandra was stirring back to consciousness now with increased strength. With each minute, her mind collected its faculties and brought movement back to her body. She lay there naked in the darkness, turning one way and then the other. Her small ankle shackled to the iron brace. 
Gradually, her howls of pain gave way to more human cries. She began to mutter short phrases, but because she was still half-unconscious and her broken face too badly swollen, they could not be understood.
The man knew that the woman was trying to utter something, and he called out, Can you hear me? Can you hear me?
To his astonishment, he heard her call back, Yes, although her voice was still racked in pain. Yes, I can hear you. Where am I?
I dont know. I can hear your chain; therefore, you must be tied up just like me.
Although Sandra struggled to regain the full faculties of her mind, she recognized something familiar in the mans voice. Before she could catch and hold the recognition, however, a sharp pain ran through the broken cheekbone of her face. She lifted her hand up to the swollen cheek and ran her hand very gently across the face of it. She knew instantly that the bones were broken in it. My face is broken. My face is all smashed in, she called out.
The man did not know what to say. He knew that his own being was intact and no violence had occurred upon it. After a brief pause he asked, Are you hurt anywhere else?
No, I dont think so. Im naked though.
Yes, so am I, the man replied.
Is anyone else with us here? asked Sandra.
I dont think so. I think there are just us two.
Again, his voice sounded somewhat familiar to Sandra, but before she could comprehend it, he asked, What is your name?
After a pause, he heard the reply, Sandra. Sandra Magg.
The man shuddered before she added, And you are Peter Rapant, arent you?
There in the bell-pit Rapant stood in astonishment. He hadnt seen Sandra for over six years, not since their activities together at that place; and now here they were, naked in the pitch darkness, chained and imprisoned; she with her face smashed in, he naked and scared.
Rapant did not reply at once to Sandras words; he struggled in his mind to understand why he and she had been chosen by their abductor. Sandra interrupted his thoughts, Why have they chosen us? Why us two?
I dont know, Sandra. I was just wondering the same thing. Do you know who brought you here? 
No. I was returning home around midnight. That was the last I can recall, Peter. What about you?
No, I can remember nothing either. I was having a drink in Lens Bar, and was just about to leave. That is all I can remember, nothing more; the rest is just blank. The next thing I knew was that I woke up in here, wherever we are.
What is this place, Peter?
I think it is some sort of a basement; only the walls are not made of brick or stone. It seems to be something different, like coal or something.
Do you think we could be in someones underground cellar? Sandra whispered.
No, its more like some cave or something, Rapant quickly replied.
Sandra gave a shudder and felt the pain sting in her face. Why us two, Peter? I havent seen you for six years. Why us two? 
I dont know, Sandra. Can you get to your feet? 
Ill try, replied Sandra, and painfully raised herself to her feet. Yes, Im standing up. How far away are you? Ill walk towards you and you do the same. Hopefully, the chains with allow us to meet.
With tentative steps, the two naked bodies began to walk towards each other, careful lest they should stumble on something in the blackness. Only the shuffling of their feet and the rattling of their chains could be heard. Peter was the first to reach the point of the chains extension.
I cannot go any further. What about you? Have you got to the end of the chain yet?
No, not yet. I can still feel some slack. However, no sooner had Sandra uttered these words did she reach the end of the chain.
Im at the end now, Peter.
Their naked bodies stood there about four paces away from one another. Although they were so near, and could easily detect the sound of each others breath, they could not physically touch.
Why us two? Sandra whispered through the pitch.
I dont know. Do you know, Sandra? Do you know?
No. Why would anyone want to do this to us? Someone must have a reason for taking us. Do you think that we are been held for some sort of ransom?
I dont think so, Sandra. Firstly, there are people much wealthier than we are two, and secondly, why abduct us two? Why us? We are here for a reason. Whoever has taken us has taken us for a reason. Rapant and Sandra then fell silent for a minute.
Sandra broke the silence, Do you think it has to do with there? she dared to utter.
What makes you think so? Rapant coldly replied. 
What we did then, Sandra, would not constitute this level of revenge. We merely acted out a couple of fantasies. That was all.
From the furthest and opposite corner of the cavern came a terrifying and deep echo of Rapants: That was all? 
The sound was dreadful to the two naked bodies, stood there frozen in the black silence. Each realized at once with horror they were not alone, and that their captor shared the horrible abode with them.
Who are you? Rapant demanded. What do you want from us?
At first, no reply came back. Rapant could hear Sandras heavy breath of fear, and she in turn could hear his.
I dont think it is you who should be asking questions of me, uttered a deep voice from the blackness, and as these words echoed through the silence, a single match was lit. The sulphurous flare bestowed a dim light to the far part of the chamber before settling down to a tiny flame, which both Sandra and Rapant could see. Gradually, the tiny bright dot became larger and a yellow glow of light began to emerge as a candle was lit.
They could see a solitary figure holding the candle in the distance. The man wore a hat, and a large overcoat was draped over his shoulders. Nothing more could be discerned through the gloom. He cut a dreadful-silhouette of a figure, as he stood there motionless; his head turned to one side so that only the shadowy profile of his face and hat could be seen through the gloom.
Rapant noticed from the profile the man stood well over six feet tall and weighed at least eighteen stone; a formidable force to overcome if Rapant was to attempt to fight his captor. It was at this moment that a real horror crept into his soul and took up station there. He knew his plight was desperate. In terror he screamed, Who the hell are you?
The silent, still figure did not move or reply. It stood there motionless for a minute, and then it spoke. Did you not hear what I previously said, Rapant; it is I who will ask the questions, not you.
The mention of Rapant spread terror through both their beings. This strange figure, standing there in a yellow gloom in the distance, knew them. Before either Rapant or Sandra could say anything else, the dark figure added, The same applies to you too, Sandra.
Upon hearing, her name uttered by this dreadful figure, Sandras legs and body shook uncontrollably; unable to bear the plight, her legs gave way and she collapsed on the floor numb with fear. Streams of urine flowed across the thighs of her being and formed a pool on the chamber floor. 
Sandra! Sandra! Are you okay? Sandra! repeated Rapant desperately.
Shell be fine. Give her a few minutes and the lady will be fine, Rapant. 
The mention of his Rapants name was delivered with noticeable sting, which did not go unnoticed by Rapant. He was about to speak, but before he could do so the dark figure in the distance began slowly to move towards him and Sandra. With each step, the boot made a little thud on the earth. The slow regular steps echoed loudly in the cavern. The sound of which made Sandra sit up. She could feel the warm waters of fear on her legs, but her eyes remained rooted upon the approaching figure.
The figure walked very slowly from the opposite chamber, past the shaft, and entered into the chamber that Sandra and Rapant were incarcerated in. Beneath the approaching boots could be heard a crunching sound, like that of gravel. They still could not discern any features on the dark figure; all they could see was the deadly profile. The stranger stopped and tipped the candle over slightly to enable another candles wick to grab the offered flame and start to glow in a fire of its own. 
More candles were lit, and slowly the dreadful pit was revealed to the captives eyes. Rapant was right about the walls being coal. He could see the shimmering blackness as it reflected the light. 
The figure, which now stood massive, walked assuredly behind Sandras being on the floor. For the first time Rapant saw the pitiful plight of Sandras naked body there on the floor. The white skin he had known all those years ago was now tainted by the colour of blackness and the coal. He saw her face badly swollen, her hair matted with dried sweat, and her body almost broken and destroyed by the horror of her situation.
The last candle was lit. The figure stood with his back to the pair. For a couple of moments it did not move; it merely stood there motionless. Finally, the stranger turned round and faced the two captives.
His features could now be seen through the yellow light. His prominent cheekbones held in two large, penetrating eyes, above which deep eyebrows fiercely directed the viewers gaze deep into the dark soul of those eyes. A hat hid a thick sway of black hair, his complexion rugged, strong, but too unnerving for beauty.
Sandra and Rapant became locked in the implacable stare of the stranger. No matter how hard they tried to free their stare, they could not do so. Both their minds worked frantically, striving to discern some noticeable characteristic in the stranger, but they could not; they could discern nothing.
Please sit down, Rapant. Im afraid I havent got a chair, so youll have to make do with the floor. He pointed directly to the place where he wanted Rapant to sit. The gesture was imperious and not to be denied. Rapant promptly sat down at the required place.
When Rapant had sat down, the stranger turned completely around and stepped a few paces, picked up a chair, turned round again, and walked slowly towards the two naked bodies on the floor, crunching the loose coal as he did so. He stopped just before them, placed the chair on the coal floor, and sat down upright on the chair.
Thats better; we see each other now, cant we? He cast a slow look at Sandra and then turned his stare to Rapant. Sandra followed his look and focused her attention on Rapant. He sat there naked and dirty on the ground like some street waif. All the years she had known Rapant, she had known someone in total control, someone who controlled others, but was now on the cold earth totally subjugated and controlled by another.
Looks pathetic, doesnt he, Sandra?
Who are you? Sandra responded. Why are you doing this to us?
As I said earlier, it will be I who asks questions of you. You would do well to understand that, since it will be the last time I will tell you. As he said this, he leant forward and looked very hard at her. Sandra recoiled backwards.
Yes, alright. I understand.
While the stranger held fast Sandra in his stare, Rapant could not help noticing five large, white packages, like those that are used to pack wholesale food, laid against the wall behind their captor. Above the packages stood some sort of metal frame, similar to one a childrens swing would be suspended from, but this was much more sturdy and robust. Two chains hung from its horizontal bar.
Do you know why you are here?
Rapant looked across quickly at Sandra before replying with a firm, No, we dont.
Think really hard now. What badness has brought you here? said the stranger softly.
Fear that had earlier stationed itself within Rapants soul began again to stir. Sandra looked quickly at him and gestured with her eyes that there was something, and she wanted Rapant to reveal it; but Rapant held fast and repeated that there was nothing he could recall, which had brought them to this god-forsaken place; but in his heart, he too, like Sandra, couldnt help but think back to their time at Racids abode.

Chapter 6

There are characters in this life and in history, who are, quite simply, bad. No matter how much love and sweet attention is given to them, they cannot resist being bad. Gerard Racid was one such character.
In the year 1935, to a pair of wonderful parents, the young Racid was born. He was a weakling of a child; an infirmity which made his parents dote upon him even more. His mother would pinch his cheeks with love and try to make him chuckle, but little Racid never did. As time progressed, his parents worried whether something was wrong with their little baby and the lack of laughter within him. They took him to a specialist; numerous tests were carried out, and the devastating news returned that the boy was retarded; such was the brutal diagnosis of the time. However, it wasnt that Racid was retarded as such, which made him bad throughout his life, there was something within the child, in his heart or head, which manifested itself in quite extraordinary characteristics of selfishness.
At the tender age of five, Racid began to attend infant school. From his first day there, he was a loner, and as the years went by, he became evermore withdrawn into himself. He had no friends, nor did he desire any. There was, however, one thing the young Racid was intensely interested in: possessions. He would grab with greedy hands anything offered to him. Racids bedroom was a veritable misers nest full of all sorts of rubbish. His parents loved to see the inordinate passion with which he grasped any new possession. They showered gifts upon him, but strangely, he never once thanked them with that beautiful shine of light shown when a little boy looks at his parents after receiving presents. They didnt mind though, as they loved him without reserve. 
The years passed on; Racid left infant school and carried the same character with him into High School. At the end of his school life, Racid left with no qualifications. In fact, the boy couldnt even read, though every effort had been tried, but the boy had never once showed enthusiasm for any of his studies.
Although Racid wasnt all that bright, he did know how to act in his best interests, even if that meant bringing great misery to others: he didnt care. On his final day of school, Racid returned from school, entered his family home, and declared to his loving parents, Im off now. I dont have to live here anymore; and besides, I cant stand you both. 
Racid left home, but before he did, he relieved both his parents of what spare cash they had in the house at that time. 
Racid never sought communication with his parents again. When he happened to encounter them by chance, he would either cross the road, or turn and walk the other way. His mother was devastated and inconsolable. Her health suffered, and in her 48th year, cancer took her from this world. Racids father, Albert, now hated his son.
With the money Racid had stolen from his parents, the young lad secured himself a cheap bed-sit. Since it was easy to find both cheap bedsit accommodation and employment in those days, Racid readily took a job cleaning up in some nearby factory. 
For the next fourteen years, Gerard Racid worked in the same factory, never once striving for promotion; not that hed get it if he did, since his employers couldnt stand him; but hed turn up on time and was never sick, which was all that mattered to the factory management.
Just as in school, Racid in the workplace was a loner. He never socialised with his work colleagues, never went for a sandwich, or drank with them. The only social communication he had was one of profit. Racid possessed a cheap van, and in his spare time, he would regularly roam the streets of Leeds searching for any old scrap with which to sell on for a profit at the factory. 
Racid was now 30 and had had only one brief liaison with the opposite sex, but nothing came of it. No decent girl would entertain him, deeming him an oddball. He possessed a squat, fattish, and somewhat twisted frame for a man; he stood no taller than five foot, six inches; his hair had badly thinned during his twenties, so that only separated strands of weak, dark hair now existed, which he combed over the pinkish dome of his head, and, since he loathed the notion of paying for Brylcream to keep it in place, he used instead fat from the chip pan. Why waste money, he would say to himself after finishing combing the strands of thinned hair over his head and wiping the surplus lard off the comb with his only towel. 
Racid knew he was ugly and had little chance of winning over the heart of a fair woman; he was also aware of his limited intelligence, and never once sought to improve his social status. He had come to accept his fate, and the only recreation and felicity he sought, and had, was that of giving full vent and expression to his grasping and miserly lifestyle. However, in his twenty ninth year Racids fortunes and life changed.
It was a beautiful summers afternoon when Racid had finished fixing an old wheelbarrow to sell on at the factory. He felt the heat unbearable in his choking bed-sit and decided to take a fresh stroll through Middleton Woods. On the way along a somewhat deserted lane, leading to the woods Racid heard a groan coming from a semi-derelict farm across a short field. He ignored it at first, but upon hearing it a second time, he went to investigate.
When he neared the perimeter fence, he saw a hunched and large piece of cloth on the ground; another groan rose from the strange pile on the grass. Not knowing what to do, since the fence barred any access to the figure on the ground, Racid stared at the strange lump.
At last, a pink, bald head lifted itself from the figures clothes and looked towards Racid.
Help me, it called.
Racid realised the man on the floor was old and that he needed help, but rather than starting into action and helping the man, Racid concentrated his mind on what could be gained by the accident the old man had had. 
I wonder if hes got any money on him, thought Racid.
Help me get into the house, please. The dogs are tied up in the back yard, and you can let yourself through the front gates. Help me; please, the old man pleaded.
Racid didnt answer, but walked casually down to where the front gates were. He entered, but rather than hurrying up the field to the old man, he set off towards the house. He knocked first. There was no answer; he then banged hard with his fist. Again, there was no answer. He then tried the door handle, but it was locked. Racid ventured round the property, trying to find an access inside it, carefully avoiding the back yard with the dogs, but to no avail. There was no open access. Realising nothing else could be done to get into the property, aside from breaking into it that is, Racid walked off towards the old man on the ground.
Youve been some time. Couldnt you get through the gates? muttered the old man.
I didnt know how to do it, Racid replied calmly.
I feel a bit better, and I dont think Ive broken any bones. Help me up.
Racid put his right arm out to help the old fellow up, and with his left arm began searching the old mans pockets for anything valuable. He found nothing but scraps of old paper.
Ill take you to your house.
Cheers, said the old man.
Racid helped him back to his farmhouse, where the old man unlocked the door, and he and his helper, Racid, entered the property.
Upon entering the property, Racids eyes widened as his gaze latched onto a veritable treasure house. All sorts of junk littered the property. As Racid regularly bought and sold old junk, he quickly determined the old mans house was easy pickings.
The two entered the kitchen and sat down at the kitchen table.
Racid began, It was good to help you. I dont know what youd have done if I had not helped.
Youve done well, lad; youve done well.
Whats yer name? Racid questioned.
Mr Ackroyd and this is my farm.
Earnest Ackroyd was 88 years old and had owned the farm all his life; his parents had passed it on to him. He never married, had no children, and the farm had fallen badly into disrepair. He led a reclusive life. There were no livestock on the farm, only a few knackered, old horses, which chomped endlessly upon the grass of Ackroyds two small fields. 
I used to be able to look after the farm, but now Im old, I cannot. The kids keep getting through the fence and nicking things.
Racids fingers began to twitch.
Ill sort out the fence, Mr Ackroyd; dont worry about that.
Racid did sort out the fence and everything else for that matter. He befriended the old man and curried his way unswervingly into his favour and trust. Only a few weeks had passed before Racid left his bed-sit and moved into Earnest Ackroyds farm.
Racids plan was simple: get the farm off the old man.
Racid bided his time, carrying out every conceivable task for the old fellow, which he made a particular point of making old Ackroyd aware of. After a couple of years, Racid was convinced the time was right to approach Ackroyd with a view to discussing his will.
You dont have any children, Mr Ackroyd, do you? Youve never mentioned any relatives; have you any?
I dont think so, lad, and if I had, I wouldnt know where they are, or who they are for that matter. Theres only me and you now, son.
Racid smiled and pursued his line of attack.
I know, Mr Ackroyd, I shouldnt mention it, but what would happen to me, should you
Die? Dont shy away from the word, lad. We all must die one day. Ive been thinking lately about that. I dont have any money, and this farm, if you can call it that now, is all I have left. I have decided that you shall have it when I die.
Racid tried to keep calm; he trembled all over.
You will have to fill a will out for that to happen, Mr Ackroyd.
I will do the will tomorrow. Will do the will! Both men fell to laughing.
Upon the next day, the will was signed, and Racid was now the sole beneficiary of old Ackroyds property.
A year passed without any changes in the life of old Ackroyd and Racid, but in the 91st year of the old mans life, an accident of questionable nature occurred, which saw the sad demise of the old farmer. 
On a cold night in January 1968, a 999 call from a phone box on Dewsbury Road was made to the Leeds Ambulance Service, informing them that an old man had had an accident, and that the caller, a man, thought him dead. 
Racid made the call. The old farmhouse did not have a phone. Racid had made his way along Middleton Grove to the public phone box on Dewsbury Road.
When the ambulance men arrived at the farm, they were met by Racid, who escorted them into the house and to the place at the bottom of the stairs where old Ackroyds body lay. An ambulance man quickly confirmed that the old man was indeed dead, and that most probable cause of death was a combination of falling down the stairs and his old age.
 Ive seen many dead bodies before in my job, commented one of the paramedics to a colleague, but look at the horror, shock, and the twisted anger on that old mans face; it makes you wonder what he was thinking at the time of his death, doesnt it?
Racid concealed a smile. 
A knock rapped on the door followed by a police officer. After drawing aside the ambulance man and learning of the facts, the police officer was satisfied as to the probable cause of death. He turned to Racid and said, Mr...?
Racid.
Was the old man your father?
No, but he was like a dad to me. I lived here with him.
How long have you lived here? asked the police officer?
About three years or so now, Officer.
Mr Racid, Im very sorry for your loss. The police officer continued, However, because of the nature of death and your relationship with Mr. Arkroyd, we will have to conduct an autopsy and go through the necessary lines, means of enquiry and investigation. Dont worry about it; its all perfectly normal, and Im sure it will be conducted promptly and with the least amount of distress to yourself. Now, if youll accompany me to the station and let others do their duty, Mr Racid.
Certainly, Officer, replied Racid calmly.
As soon as the officer and Racid had left the property, the investigation rolled into work. It was deemed highly likely that the old man had left his bed for some reason late into the night, and tried to go downstairs when he fell and killed himself. There were no suspicious circumstances to suggest otherwise. Later, the autopsy confirmed this, and accidental death was officially pronounced as the cause.
At the station, Racid was given tea and biscuits during his interview. The questions put to him, although clinical and measured to elicit the most revealing events of that night, and the nature of his relationship with the old man, were asked in the politest and most respectful manner that would normally be practiced in questioning someone who had lost someone so dear.
Since Racid had nowhere else to stay the night, and because he was not allowed to go back to the farm until the investigation had run its cause, he was allowed to sleep in a cell. Extra blankets and tea were brought to him. He slept soundly and felt completely refreshed when morning arrived.
The cell door opened and the Inspector, who had interviewed Racid the night before, stood before him. Im glad to see that you have slept soundly, Mr Racid, after what you had to endure yesterday. I hope you will forgive us, but we had to do our duty.
You were only doing what you had to do, Inspector.
The preliminary report has just arrived from autopsy, which concurs with earlier investigations, and initially confirms that your friend, old Mr Arkroyd, died of an accident. You are free to go and to return to the farm.
Thank you, Inspector. 
Racid collected his coat and looked around to see if he had left anything of any importance in the cell. He had not; but noticing a single biscuit amidst brown crumbs on a white plate, he bent down and picked the biscuit up. Waste not, want not! he uttered as he strode past the Inspector. 
A junior officer walked up to the Inspector and asked of him, Could you sign these, Inspector?
Theres something not right about that man, the Inspector muttered, but then quickly shrugged his shoulders and signed the papers, whilst asking of his junior, I heard your team, Leeds, beat Man U 8-0 last night?
Racid did not bother to attend the old mans cremation, claiming to the odd few who asked that it would be too distressing for him to see the dead body of a friend burnt.
Racid took charge of the property. He made no application to secure legally the farm by initiating proceedings set down in the will, thinking that he might, ...disturb some distant relative, who would have stronger claims than himself.... He thought it best to do nothing, but to continue to live in the property as if it were his own.
Years past and no one did arrive knocking at the door to claim the land and house. Over time, the last vestiges of what looked like a farm disappeared, and the place took on the aspect of a scrap yard, but without ever being one. Large fences were erected around its perimeter, and a triple headed pack of hounds roamed the confines within, so that it was impossible to gain access to the property without invite.
Racid lived alone in the property after the old mans death. He continued to work at the factory, but each day he was there a deep anxiety consumed his being. He constantly worried about the farm, and whether or not someone was breaking in to steal his worthless possessions. In the end, the strain became unbearable, and Racid packed in his job and remained at the farm.
During the next couple of years, Racid made a sparse living by gathering old scrap and claiming whatever benefits he could scrounge out of the state. He barely left the property during the day and never at night; echoing and reflecting his self-isolation in his childhood years, Racid became the complete recluse.
In April of 1969, Racids life changed forever.
The winter was late leaving that year, and snow still clung to the fields and woods in the first weeks of spring. Dusk had already began to drop when Racid was sat in his living room trying to fix a television set to sell. Suddenly, he heard a womans voice outside. The voice was clear, but somewhat strangled by the effects of alcohol. The woman tried to stammer out a song, yet she constantly forgot her words, and in the end, she fell to spluttering out the first line again.
Racid looked out of the window and into the dark. He could just about discern the faint figure of a woman staggering through the dusk along the grove. He quickly looked behind the woman, eagerly searching for anyone with her. There was no one. He ran to door, pulled down the handle, and nearly fell into his yard; such was his haste to catch up with the drunken woman. He leapt up to the fence, and cast his eyes up and down the hill, behind and in front of the drunken woman, to confirm she was on her own.
Are you okay, love? he cooed. Do you want any help?
The woman stopped dead. She swayed, confused by the unexpected voice coming from out the darkness.
Over here, Racid whispered aloud. Here I am.
The woman turned round and began to stagger towards the gate.
Racid slurped.
Ive had a dwinkandand.think am lost, she stuttered.
Dont worry about that, Racid replied, unbolting the gate. Come in and Ill make you a cup of coffee, or you can have another drink if you like?
Ok, stammered the woman.
Racid opened the gates to let the drunken woman stagger through them and then closed them. He led the drunken woman across the yard and into the house. He then slammed shut the door.
Upon entering the house, the woman cried, I feel sick and vomited across the hallway. 
I think wed better get you to sit down, Racid declared; but rather than leading her towards the kitchen, he began to push her up the stairs, across the landing and into his bedroom, where she fell upon the bed and vomited again.
Hell, he exclaimed.
Racid pulled off the bedcover, which was now laced with sick. He then began to undress the drunken woman until she lay there naked, half-unconscious on the bed. 
Racid stood there drooling for a moment, before undressing himself, jumping into the sheets, and pulling them over himself and the poor woman.
It was 7am in the next morning, and the sun had barely risen to light the day when the woman began to stir. Racid woke too and sat up rigid like someone struck with horror. The realisation of the situation hit him. The woman stirred again. He began to panic, desperately trying to think what to do. The more he thought about his plight, the more dumbstruck he became. 
What time is it? he heard the woman slur.
Racid remained sat up in the bed motionless with the woman hidden beneath the sheets beside him.
What time is it? she repeated.
I dont know, Racid muttered in reply.
You dont know, the woman yawned and began to lift her head from out of the bed sheets. She rubbed her eyes, looked round the room, and finally looked upon Racid rooted there at the side of her.
Jesus, she cried. How the hell did I cop off with you?
You were drunk outside, and I let you in, and you climbed into my bed, Racid replied, not knowing what else to say.
Like hell I did. More like you got me in here. Anyway, are you going to sit there all morning or get me some coffee? Upon which she climbed out of bed and began to dress. Have you got a shirt, cos theres sick all over mine?
Yea; Ill go and get one.
Racid leapt of bed, pulled a shirt from a dark wardrobe, gave it to the woman and then ran downstairs to make the coffee.
A few words are needed here to describe to the reader the character of the woman found in Racids house. Her name was Christine, and she was thirty-three years old. Her face was extremely common mixed with a repulsive ugliness. She had sharp, elongated features; deep-set bulging eyes stared out from beneath cheap, dyed hair. Her face was unnaturally weathered, red, and blotchy because of the alcohol and cigarettes she regularly drank and smoked. Among the various pubs around Middleton council estate where she lived, she was commonly known as the drunken slut. She had had two children, but they had long since been taken into care, which suited her somewhat vagrant lifestyle. Christine, although quick of tongue, was rather dim. Never were two contemptible creatures more alike as Christine and Racid as they sat facing each other across the dirty kitchen table.
Who do you live here with? she asked.
I live on my own.
Christine looked around, stood up, and walked towards the window, staring out around the grounds, before saying, My names Chrissy. Whats yours?
A year later Christine stood in the very same kitchen holding her newborn baby child. Lets call him Kevin.
I dont mind, Chrissy. Well call him Kevin then, Racid replied.
Kevin it was, and a little over a year later, Kevin had a sister, who they called Katherine.
Years passed and the little Racids grew up. 
It has to be mentioned here that the two Racid children were never allowed out of their parents sight under any circumstances. They didnt even attend school, as Racid and his wife had kept them for many years away from the authorities, claiming that they spent long periods of time in Ireland with their grandmother. 
In the end, the Racids succeeded in isolating their children from outside society. Both children were never really ill, and therefore didnt need a doctor. The authorities simply forgot about them with the result that they hadnt attended a school since they were six years old. 
Katherine was now ten years old and her brother, Kevin, eleven years old. During all this time, though, benefits were constantly claimed by the Racids. The system never picked the children up to full account, and they remained hidden from the world and the authorities. They existed only in their parents stolen house. What they learnt of life was what they copied off their parents and that included physical and sexual abuse.

Chapter 7

Maybe I can help you to remember you are here, spoke the stranger. This place is a disused pit. Men and women worked it many centuries ago. It was never back-filled, but merely capped, and lay hidden to the world for years. The miners would hack the coal out of the ground, and burn it for fuel and heat. The coal would help them keep warm in the bitterly cold, winter nights. 
He continued, Coal has a remarkable quality, dont you think? Its truly remarkable. Coal, totally created from the death of living organisms and plants, crushed, compounded and preserved for thousands of years and then brought out of the ground by other living organisms such as mankind to burn.
And isnt it hypnotic, the soft, warm manner with which the dead fossils burn. It is as though a thousand trapped souls, who lived and died, are released as the single piece of glowing coal burns. The shimmering yellow light flickering above the red glow of the fire is a very soul flying to freedom.
A glowing fire of coal is truly a remarkable sight, isnt it? It is also deadly. The fire within that releases the dead souls can also catch live ones as well if you veer too near its heated core. If you push your hands towards the heat, you can feel your hands warm, but if you push them, further in, it hurts and your hands begin to burn. Coal is like love, sexual love. You have to respect it. When the feeling of sexual love is warm, and doesnt hurt, then it is good; but when the love is hot, it burns; it sears the flesh. This is not good for the creator of that love, but it is even worse for the victims who are made to satisfy the creators dreadful love. It is they who truly suffer, not the owner of the lust, but the victims of it.
There was a small pause before the stranger growled, Now do you understand? Now do you see why you are here?
This time it was Rapant who cast a quick glance across to Sandra, but she was absorbed in painful memory of the past and her present awful situation.
But what we did, did not...it did not, really hurt anyone. Most of them liked what we did, stammered Rapant.
As he spoke these words, Sandra hung her head in despair. She knew that something dreadful awaited them.
Most of them liked what you did? You still cannot see what misery and destroyed lives you have left in your lusts wake, can you? At least that there, and he pointed a stern finger at Sandra, but kept his face fixed on Rapant, that thing on the floor there is beginning to realize. But not you? No! Not the great, noble and successful businessman and husband. He cannot think for one moment that the heinous crimes he has committed caused torment, pain, and misery to others. All your victims had enjoyed the assaults, the tears, the blood, the fear, the pain, and the mental anguish of knowing that it would happen again next week? No, none of this: you, the magnificent businessman and your sadistic side-kick thought about none of this! The stranger slammed down his fist into the palm of his hand. His voice had become exceedingly menacing, and his demeanour assumed a terrible aspect.
I dont think there is any point asking your souls to repent the crimes that your lust committed on others since you cannot see the crime, can you? Dont bother answering, because all I see in your faces is fear for yourselves not repentance for the suffering you have caused others.
Do you know who I am? asked the stranger.
No, I do not know who you are. Rapant quickly retorted.
The stranger asked the same question of Sandra, Do you know who I am?
Im sorry; I dont know who you are, Sandra replied.
Let me first of all tell you I was not one of your victims. I merely saw the pain and misery you gave to your victims at Racids. Im not going to repeat what crimes you committed against your innocent victims. What is of major importance now is how to administer a remedy for your lust, a punishment that is appropriate and in complete harmony with it.
Rapant flung his eyes to the five large packages and the frame behind the stranger. Sandra cried out, What are you going to do?
I thought I told you not to ask questions, Sandra. Thats against the rules, and I did say clearly that you were not to do that, now didnt I?

Chapter 8

Peter Rapant was a successful businessman, who ran several wholesale electrical outlets; he also possessed a very impressive portfolio of property. He was thirty-two and married with two children, aged four and six. His wife completely doted on him and refused to see any faults in his character. Because of this, Rapant ruled the family with complete control, and his wife interpreted this in him as expressing his lovely power. Although he held his family in complete control, and dealt out at every opportunity mental abuse to maintain dominion, he never physically abused his wife or children. If his children needed disciplining, Peter would always do it verbally and always with thunder in the threat.
Rapant had a roving eye for the fair sex. His wife didnt mind; she would say to him, Peter, you are naughty! to which he would reply, I know, wifey, but I cannot help it! and he would administer a love tickle to her ribs, which made her giggle and love her husband even more. To everyone who saw Rapant, his family and business, they saw a completely noble figure, and one to be much respected and admired. It was this figure and character that drew Sandra in towards her prey.
Peter Rapant held a duplicitous life. On view to friends, colleagues, and family was the successful hard working businessman. However, on view to some was a man loaded with lust; a man that would regularly frequent all manner of sexual establishments to satisfy this lust. There was also an even darker side to his lust: he wanted to completely dominate in lust. Lust is bad in its naked state, but when adorned with all manner of perverse trappings, it becomes monstrously savage and an entirely evil vice.
On a cold September evening, Sandra made her way to the bar at the Queens Hotel in the heart of Leeds town centre. She sat down, ordered a gin, took out a little notebook from her bag, and began to jot down a few notes of what needed to be done the following day. It was eight o clock.
A well-dressed man was stood against the bar, busily studying one of the new, big mobile phones that were all the rage. After he had finished he ordered a drink and made his way to a lounge near Sandra Magg. He sat down on a comfortable settee and once again began to click away on his mobile phone. Sandra observed him intently. His demeanour looked somewhat troubled; a suspicion which was confirmed as he began to talk. 
Hello. Is that Racid? Its Peter here. I havent heard from you for a while and wondered if you had anything interesting? Its been over a month now, and I may have to go elsewhere. 
There was a silence during which Sandra observed Rapants countenance distinctly change to one of less agitation. 
Thats great, Racid! Let me know as soon as you get them; and remember, Im to have first choice and no one else; and they have to be as untouched as you say. Ill look forward to hearing from you. Let me know if theres any change. Good bye! 
He then clicked the off button on his phone happily, quickly placed it in his pocket, and looked around the bar. It was then he noticed a woman looking intently at him. 
Sandra thought he looked like a child who had just received a wonderful present, and his face mirrored that happiness. It was then she decided this man would be her next prey. 
She began, You look very happy if I may say so after that call? Im sorry, but I couldnt help noticing the joy you felt at your call. Forgive me.
Not at all. Im glad a little bit of my life has brought a smile to you. My names Peter, and yours?
Sandra. I was to meet a friend, but shes just rang me at the last moment and told me she cant make this evening; I was looking forward to seeing her and talking of old times. Im sorry; Im beginning to bore you with my evenings loss.
Why waste the evening, Sandra? If I can be of service in conversation and company, then Id be glad to act as substitute!
Ordinarily, Peter, I would say no, but on this occasion Im going to be daring and accept your offer. 
Sandra stood up, lifted her glass off the table, and made her way to Rapants settee and sat down. The barman gave a nudge to the waitress, who turned round, looked across at Rapant and Sandra striking up a conversation, returned to look at the barman, raised her eyes suggestively, and fell back to her task of scrubbing the glasses.
Sandra and Rapant sat in animated conversation for nearly an hour before moving on to a bar across City Square where they once again spent much time engaged in deep conversation.
Ill walk you back to the hotel, Sandra, if I may? as the evening grew late.
Of course you may, Peter; Ive enjoyed your company so much this evening that the naughty side of me wished it would not end! As she giggled these tempting words, she gazed invitingly into Rapants eyes.
Then let us not let it end, and let us continue our new friendship? returned Rapant questioningly.
Sandra said nothing, but walked purposefully toward the hotel, somewhat pulling the arm of Rapant as she did so. Upon reaching the hotel, they made their way to the lift, stepped inside, and waited for the doors to close before Sandra grabbed hold of Rapant and began to kiss him passionately. The lift reached its destination and the doors again opened. Both occupants left the lift and almost raced to the hotel door. 
No, not that one! This one, whispered Sandra urgently, as Rapant nearly tried to open the wrong hotel door.
They finally entered the correct hotel room and immediately fell into their desires. 
In normal circumstances, Sandra would immediately assume the dominant role in sex, using the act to express her dominance over the man, and by thus doing, gain dominion over him for being loose with other women; and by subjecting him to subjugation, she felt she was also gaining revenge over the imaginary women that had given her the disease of the past. She would seek to humiliate both the weak man, and the evil woman who had taken advantage over him; she aimed at nothing less: total destruction of both. Most of Sandras men at the end of the demonstration of her sexual perversity, although finding it unusual, also found it distasteful and to be forgotten as quickly as it was learnt; somewhat like a person waking up after a drink the night before alongside a woman or man, whom they immediately felt repulsed by. 
How she miscalculated with the mild mannered Rapant. The moment she closed the door, she pushed him hard onto the bed. But this time, rather than the man and her prey laying in subservience to her design, this man jumped straight back up off the bed, grabbed hold of Sandra, twisted her quickly around with both hands and flung her on the bed. What followed was nothing Sandra could have feared in her worst thoughts. She was subjected to a violent, animal form of sexual aggression and lust. She wanted to cry out aloud and appeal to someone to make it stop, but she couldnt. Something deep within her soul checked her voice, and she endured the lust of Rapant. 
When he had finished, Rapant dressed deliberately, saying nothing to Sandra. She lay on the bed looking distractedly at the wall and a lamp on a table. She heard the door close behind him and she continued to stare at the objects before her. She lay there for over an hour, deliberating whether she should call the police or not. She decided not to; instead she lifted herself off the bed, made her way to the bathroom and gazed into the mirror. The image presented to her eyes was a woman of swollen face, arms, and body; tufts of loose hair still lay on her shoulders; her nose still displayed dried drops of blood. Sandra turned on the shower, stepped into it, and began to wash gently her sore and swollen body. 
After drying and dressing herself, she made her way out of the hotel room, calmly paid her bill, walked towards the car park, got into her car, and drove off. She knew that Clive was attending the British Chess Championships in Bristol, which would last another ten days, and knew that she could recover at home uninterrupted. Her injuries took just under a week to recover from. Her swollen face and bruised eyes once again began to regain their lustre. 
Whilst she spent her time at home alone, treating her physical hurt and her hurt pride, one particular thought would not release its hold on her thoughts: she wanted to meet Rapant again; not because she wanted to go through her ordeal again, but because of some other fascination; it was as though she wanted to learn something. With this in mind, Sandra set off back to Leeds and arrived at the Queens Hotel at exactly the same time as before. She gambled that Rapant would have the habit of character in returning to the scene of his act at the same time, and she was not wrong. 
Rapant stood once again at the same corner of the bar. Sandra strode purposely up to the bar and ordered a gin for her, and, .a whisky for the gentleman here, to which she pointed with her finger towards Rapant. The barman left the bar and began to undertake his task. 
Sandra looked at Rapant without averting her stare, Lets get one thing straight: I havent returned here this evening to re-live  she spat these words  your satisfaction. I have no desire whatsoever to entertain that. She uttered these words as final, and Rapant understood the finality of them immediately, but wondered why she had returned, and what she could possible want from him.
The barman returned with the drinks, took the money and left. Sandra ordered Rapant to sit at a nearby table. He did as was instructed. 
Let me once again repeat, Peter, I have no desire to entertain your fantasies and found them extremely repulsive and sick. I wont beat around the bush. Although I hated what you did to me, I, too, have desires just like yours. I would like you to allow me to fulfil those desires; I would like you to present me with the opportunity to express them, just like you have done with me. Can you do this for me? All I want is a Yes or No? She stopped, turned her body deliberately to face and contend his posture, and waited for him to answer.
I suppose I can help you, Sandra; but what you are asking for costs money; its not free.
I dont mind paying, but would like to know that it is safe, and that no recriminations will come of what we do?
Oh, rest assured, Sandra, that I have more to lose than you, and in every effort I make to set up an act, I make a triple act in securing the security of that act, if you know what I mean?
Yes, I do. I shall be here in a fortnight at exactly this time. Have it set up then. Good night. Sandra raised herself and without looking at Rapant made her way purposefully towards the hotel door and left.
In a fortnight Sandra met Rapant and a truly hideous and perverse partnership of lust developed. Both would pay to enter some nefarious establishment to satisfy their lust. They would not touch each other, and, if both were honest, did not really like each other as the sight of each other merely held a mirror, as it were, up to their own flagitious souls. However, their mutual need of lust and naked expression of vice easily overcame their dislike of each other.
Time past and once every month some girl would be subjected to the lust of Rapant and Sandra.

Chapter 9

The stranger rose to his feet and made a gesture to go towards Sandra, but suddenly turned his shoulders in the opposite direction and walked towards the five large, white parcels. One by one he carried them back to the naked couple on the floor. Both Sandra and Rapant could clearly read on the white packages, Industrial Pig Fat. Finally, the captor returned with the frame and stood it near the pair.
You can either make this easy for yourself or very painful. I dont care which; but believe me you will plead for the easy option should you choose the latter. The stranger hissed the last word out with such menace that both his captives acquiesced by nodding. 
I want you to open a package each and smear your bodies all over with what is inside the package. Dont worry; you do not need to cover your head; just make sure you cover the rest of your body thickly. It will help to protect you, and he gave a wry smile.
Sandras fear about the uncertainty of what was going to happen though drove her desperately to tear open the parcel placed in front of her, and without thought thrust her hands into the fat and began to smear her body. 
For the last couple of minutes since the stranger had spoken about lust, and about why she and Rapant had been brought down the pit, Sandra had begun to harbour a little hope in her mind. She thought she was going to be punished by having to undertake some sexual act, just as others all those years had had to endure. Her desperate state of mind clutched hard at this thought, and for some inexplicable reason, or even perverse, she reluctantly desired it; although this last thought and feeling appalled her, try as she might, she could not resist it. With such strange feelings racing through her heart, she set to work smearing her naked, coal stained body with the fat.
Rapant, on the contrary, began to have much more fearful concerns over smearing his body with industrial pig fat. His mind still held the comments the stranger had made over coal, and the hot qualities of it. He looked across at the miserable state of Sandra frenetically covering her body with the fat, and his soul cowered with absolute fear. His began to shake involuntarily. Although aware that he wasnt to ask any questions, his terror at what was about to happen made him do just that: What are you going to do? Why do we have to do this?
The stranger calmly walked forward, produced a pair of pliers from his long dark overcoat, grabbed hold of Rapants hand, clamped the pliers onto a finger, and squeezed very hard until the finger could not resist the force and gave away completely. First the flesh was squeezed out from out of the side of the pliers, and then the bone in the finger was crushed to many little splinters. The stranger swiftly retracted the pliers with parts of flesh and bone still stuck fast to them, and then calmly uttered, Because that is the sort of stuff that will happen if you ask questions of me.
Rapant gave out a piercing scream, holding his crushed finger. He looked up at his tormentor and saw those terrible eyes that would not be denied their intention. He reached out with his uninjured hand, tore open the white wrapping, squeezed a handful of fat from the slab inside the packaging, and began to smear his trembling body.
Rapant and Sandra took five minutes to smear and spread over their bodies the industrial pig fat. Sandra finished first and cast her head downwards. Rapant followed a little behind her, since he had difficulty with his tortured finger, but he did not dare to complain.
When he was satisfied that each had dutifully completed their task, the stranger turned away from them and walked to the end of the cavernous chamber and bent down to retrieve something. He picked up six linen shrouds, turned around with them, and walked back to the pair on the floor. They now made a pitiful sight in their coat of pig fat: all white, on the black coal floor. 
Stand up, both of you, and put some more fat on your backsides you have just been sat on. Each did as they were told straight away. 
Now I want to wrap these around you. Rapant, I wouldnt resist. Do you understand me?
Yes, came the pitiful reply.
The stranger asked each of them to hold the thick linen shrouds at one end whilst he held the other end. He then produced two thick pieces of rope, about the length of a human body, and with a loop at one end. He flung one end over Sandras shoulder, and the other looped end hung down the full length of her body to rest between her feet. The stranger made sure that there was a good foot of spare rope at the bottom. He repeated this with Rapant. They were then made to turn themselves around in circles wrapping themselves in the linen until it was tight. They repeated this until all of their bodies apart from their heads were firmly wrapped; only the loop of the rope was showing at each of their feet. The stranger walked up to them and laid each of their bodies on the floor lest they should topple over.
When he had completed this task, he began to drag a large swing frame stationed at the back of him. He pulled strong and hard at the frame until it was positioned just before the feet of Rapant and Sandra. He then lifted and swung two small but thick chains over the horizontal bar until they swung loosely a foot beneath the bar a metre apart. He then untied two hooks, attached to the two back legs of the frame. He lifted them up and clipped each to the chains. He then unhooked two steel clips, which he carefully attached to both Sandra and Rapants feet.
Whilst the stranger had been methodically undertaking these tasks, Rapant and Sandra stared in absolute fear. They both thought that the only way to survive the unknown ordeal set out for them was to comply. Each came to the conclusion that it was better to suffer now and live, than to fight and die.
After his tasks were complete, the man returned to his chair, sat down, and said softly, Do you remember Lisa?
Both Sandra and Rapant shrank back with terror.

Chapter 10

In the summer of 1980, a camp full of gypsies were parked further down from Racids ramshackle property. They had had been there since the end of spring. Racid always feared the gypsies, as they were generally above any statutory law and merely existed under their own self-styled laws. Whenever they appeared and set up camp around the sprawling fields, adjacent to his property, Racid grew extremely agitated. He knew both his house and yard were vulnerable. He had learnt this through painful experiences before.
Racid had all manner of scrap and other such materials in his yard, and to the young gypsy scamps, they were ripe for the taking. However, there was one problem and that was Racids yard was patrolled 24 hours of the day by his three gruesome dogs. Let the Pikies get passed them, Racid would say to himself with a laugh. Indeed, only a madman would have dared to attempt such a daring raid, as failure would mean certain death at the jaws of these monsters. Even the young gypsies, although full of dare and rashness, a combination both fearless and fatal, knew what the bloody outcome would be should they attempt to nick the blokes stuff.
Youthful ardour and adolescent adventure will have its way. though, and on one particular, dark Saturday night, the young gypsies had quietly cut through a weak point in Racids perimeter fence and then cheekily placed a mongrel bitch, which was in season, just inside the fence. The dog was leashed, and the opening it had just been pushed through was once again secured, so that the gnashing hounds would not have exit from the property, and be at liberty to attack the young gypsy lads. After the preliminaries were complete, they young devils then made a little tapping noise to attract the three fearsome Racid dogs. 
The curs, as was their want, came thundering down to the perimeter fence, and were just about to tear the terrified mongrel bitch to pieces when their animal senses became instantly aroused by the smell of a bitch dog in season. Two of the dogs immediately began to fight over the mongrel, which caused Racid to stir from slumber. It was customary, however, for the dogs to raise a false alarm, and Racid, upon finding nothing, fell to sleep once more. His wife didnt move her mind or body to the noise at all, since every Saturday night she was always overwhelmed by the effects of cheap alcohol. This state of affairs allowed the clever theft to continue uninterrupted.
Once the gypsy lads were convinced the dogs were interested more in the mongrel bitch rather than themselves, they very slowly drew back the wooden plate they had placed over the hole in the fence and ever so carefully began to withdraw the mongrel bitch back out of the hole. The three dogs, like servile creatures of animal lust, followed in a pack. The dog was led down a track along a field and onto the furthest perimeter of the gypsy camp to the cacophony of all the gypsy dogs on the site. Once there, a small wooden keep had been prepared to hold in the three Racid hounds. The mongrel bitch was led in first, followed by her three amorous suitors; after which, the bitch was led back out; but before the other dogs could follow, the gate was shut fast, thereby locking the dogs securely within the keep. The dogs, realising their desire had gone, immediately fell to fighting one another in the small pen. The lure of the bitch in season had done the trick, and now all that was left for the gypsy lads was to collect their booty, which they wasted no time on at all.
They quickly returned to Racids property and made their way quietly to the cache of copper they had earlier spied Racid hiding away in one corner of his compound. Within the space of just over an hour and a half, Racid was relieved of everything that held any value in his yard; nothing was left, not even a scrap of metal; everything was taken that could yield monetary reward.
Once their task had been completed, an angular, athletic lad raced off to inform his elders of the audacious deed; and within the space of fifteen minutes, three wagons had arrived from another gypsy site situated on the south side of Middleton to collect the looted riches and remove it all safely away. The lads then returned to their own camp and let Racids dogs loose; but not before first letting their own pack loose, so that when the three hounds ventured out of the small keep, they were set upon by at least eight other dogs. The gypsies had set wagers amongst themselves as to the outcome of this gruesome affair. They each bet upon the survival time of each of the three dogs. After ten minutes two of Racids dogs were dead, and the other had barely escaped with its life, but not knowing how to get back to its home, it wandered in the direction of Beestons main road, where it was run over and killed instantly.
Racid woke early that Sunday morning, and as was his want, left his wife slumbering in hangover state and made his way to his 10 year old daughters bedroom, where he customarily abused her. 
After Racid had finished his abuse, he walked over to the other side of the bedroom and gave his son a shove with his foot. Gerrup, he grunted. I thought you were gonna go down to car boot sale with mi? 
The son, who wasnt wholly asleep, and had been watching, as was his want, his father and sister in bed replied that he was about to get up. Well hurry up about it, you lazy, little bastard. 
When the father had left the bedroom, the son got out of bed, made his way to his sister, and, following the fashion of his father, he too began to abuse his sister. However, the incestuous act was suddenly halted when loud howls of anger and astonishment emerged from the yard outside.
Both brother, sister, and the hung-over mother rushed downstairs and out into the yard. Before them stood Racid wringing his hands and bemoaning his fate, Theyve nicked the lot, the gypsy bastards! he cried out aloud. Theyve shot mi dogs and stolen all mi scrap, the low life bastards, he squealed.
But how? screamed Racids wife.
Never mind: How? shouted Racid. And if you hadnt been as drunk as you normally are, youd have heard them! To conclude such a criticism, Racid smashed his fist into his wifes face, whereupon she fell to the ground and moaned. And youre no better, you two creatures, he stammered pointing at his children. How come you didnt hear them last night? At each other again, were we? 
Katherine, the daughter, took a step back as a customary prophylactic measure against a blow to her head, but she wasnt quick enough to escape her fathers grasp upon her hair. You foul slut! he screamed before slamming his fist hard into her face too. 
However, unlike her mother, she did not fall to the ground, but after staggering back a few paces, and overwhelmed with anger and rage, she screamed back at her father, Ill shag who I want! Just cause the gypoes have nicked your metal doesnt mean you can blame me for cocking him! and she pointed in the direction of her brother, who stood there dumb at the scene.
Clear that shit away! Racid shouted to his son. Kevin immediately leapt over to his mother and dragged her off the wet, muddy floor by her hair and into the kitchen, whilst Racid strode around the yard wandering what to do for the best.
Although Racid thought hard about how he could recover his lost possessions, possessions which he himself had purloined, he failed to devise a way to recover them. He couldnt go to the gypsy site and demand them back from the travellers, as that would only raise guffaws from the gypsies at his expense, and he darent go to the police as he had no way of justifying how he had come to possess so much copper and aluminium. In the end he had to admit that there was nothing that he could do; the acceptance of which, however awful, for him to bear made Racid completely enraged. He stamped his foot upon the ground and hissed in anger. He then returned to the house and subjected his family to a fortnight of most inhumane cruelty. After the lapse of a fortnight, his passion relented slightly, and he once again let out his family from his evil watch
The dreadful experience he felt at the hands of the gypsies taught Racid to be extra vigilant whenever they set up camp. Nine months elapsed before the gypsies once again set up site within a few hundred metres of his yard. 
Racid had become almost distracted with how to keep the gypsies out of his yard; even though he had three new beasts chained up and impossible to lure with a bitch in season, Racid still fretted over what manner of attack the gypsies would employ this time.
Racid had his family stationed at every window, watching every movement the travellers made near the perimeter fence, whilst he quickly made himself noticeable whenever anyone happened to wander a little too near. He determined this to be his plan until the city council had concluded all the relevant paperwork, and the gypsies were served with appropriate notice and made to move on. Something happened, however, on the sixth day of his watch.
Everything had been quiet on the Friday. The weather was clear, and a summer sun breathed its warm air across the woods and fields of South Leeds. It was 3 oclock in the afternoon when Racid heard his daughter shout from her watch at one of the bedroom windows. Dad! she screamed. Theres someone crawling beneath the front gate!
Racid quickly jumped up from the kitchen table he was sat at and ran to the kitchen door, which he flung open in furious fashion. Sure enough, before his very eyes there was a boy of about 11 or 12 years old, but looking much bigger and older, squeezing himself beneath the gates of the yard. Racid could not believe his eyes; the audacity, the cheek of the gypsy lad, but his astonishment quickly turned to alarm, when out of the corner of his left eye, he saw his three hounds in hot pursuit for the young intruder. Racid knew that to call the dogs off their vicious attack was pointless since they were not trained; the only training they had had was that of attacking intruders, which Racid had employed from their days as pups. He knew that within a couple of seconds the young boy would be set upon, and he would most certainly face a terrifying death. 
However, Racid did not fear the boys death at the jaws of those terrible dogs, but the unwanted attention he would certainly receive by the boys savage death. It was this impulse of self-preservation of his own being which necessitated a swift response from Racid; the boys life was a mere afterthought. 
No sooner had Racid leapt to prevent the unnecessary attention which the boys death would bring, but something quite extraordinary happened, which made not only Racid, but all his family, who had now emerged from the house, to become aghast and rooted to the spot upon which they stood.
The dogs had no sooner reached the boy when the young lad held out an arm to the first dog he encountered. The dog stopped dead in its tracks, and rather than tearing the boy to bits, it simply began to circle him, as did the other two dogs; just as dogs do when they greet their owner; and rather than the ferocious sounds of dogs tearing at their prey, the only discernible sounds were meek whimpers emanating from all three animals. The boy merely patted each dog in turn as they circled him and muttered some incomprehensible words of encouragement to them. After a few moments, the dogs began to leave the boy and once again set off to guard the perimeter fence in all their fierce duty.
All the while Racid and his family had not stirred from their astonishment. Racid knew that the dogs shouldve killed the young gypsy boy, and he knew also that to anyone else they would have done just that, but not this audacious lad for some reason. 
Racids son, however, who was not the cleverest of teenagers, and trying to understand why the dogs had not ripped the boy to bits declared, The guard dogs are shit, dad! 
Racid ignored his sons stupid outburst and slowly began to walk up to the young lad. The boy remained still, unmoved that this strange figure was approaching him with malicious intent in his aspect. Indeed, Racid did desire to pummel the boy to within an inch of his life; he had decided upon that violent act the moment he set his first foot in the direction of the strange boy; but upon nearing the lad, he noticed something terrible in the look of the boy, something that made Racid halt the speed of his approach and temper the manner of his rage. The boy kept Racid fixed upon his stare, not relinquishing it for one moment. Racid got to within a few feet of the boy before the youth suddenly asked, What is your name?
Racid stood and stared in astonishment at the boy. This was a boy, whod entered his yard, confronted his dogs, and now with all the audacity of a brash, little child demanded of Racid his name. A great well of rage rose up from Racids breast and flushed completely his face, so that his reddened eyes almost started out of their sockets. 
What? he hammered back at the boy through clenched teeth. What did you ask?
I asked your name. What is it? replied the boy calmly.
Racid visibly staggered and swayed.
I want to know your name. What is it? the boy repeated. Whats your name?
Under any other circumstances Racid would have murdered the boy and would even have been prepared to serve prison time, such was his rage, but now he somehow felt numb to act; his limbs seemed unable to administer the murderous rage of his mind. For a few seconds, he remained in this state; he later recalled how those couple of seconds seemed like an eternity, I was hypnotised and couldnt break away from that stare, he later told his wife.
Racid. My name is Racid, Gerald Racid, he stammered against his will.
Racid, I know my people are after your scrap, and I no longer want to stay with them. I know they took much from you last time when they were here and will again this time, even if they have to kill your dogs and beat you and your family up. They will do that, since they know that you cannot complain to the police as you yourself have stolen that which they want to steal off you. I can help, but you must let me stay here, and I will tell you what to do. 
Racid gulped.
The boy then related and advised at length about how Racid could keep his stolen goods and stop the gypsies from stealing the stuff off him.
Racid couldnt help but listen, and his family couldnt help but watch this strange scene enacted in their yard. At length the boy and Racid made their way to the house and went inside. 
From that moment on, the boy became part of the Racid household. Racid thought it best to check with the gypsies that it was acceptable for the boy to stay with him, and was told that the boy had merely tagged onto the gypsies; he wasnt one of us, but was merely looked after by them, and that Racid could have the boy, adding to Racid that it would be, one less mouth to feed.
During his time with the Racids, unlike the two Racid children, the lad was never once subjected to any form of abuse, either physical, mental, or sexual. It wasnt as though any of the four members of the Racid family didnt want to; it was merely the fact they felt awkward and uneasy around him. There was something eerily disconcerting about the youth, and although he was tolerated, he was also kept at a distance. The lad was extremely adapt at helping Racid in his criminal activities of acquiring scrap copper and aluminium, much better than his son, whom Racid had given up on many years ago, deeming him a liability. 
The young lad was given the name of Nicholas and was made to sleep in the outhouse at the back of the building, just in front of the kennels where the dogs were.

Chapter 11

Does either of you know what spontaneous human combustion is? the stranger asked.
No reply came.
Ill tell you then. A crude definition of spontaneous human combustion is when the body bursts into flames for no apparent reason whatsoever. One moment the lonely, old granny is sat in the chair watching the TV, the next, whooooff, and shes in flames; just like that! The strange thing, though, is the flames do not consume the furniture the old woman is sat in; they only consume her being. The furniture and the rest of the house are left intact. When the body is found days later, all that is left of the old lady is the odd leg beneath the knee. The rest of the woman is merely a pile of crumbled dust.
The stranger continued in an animated voice, Thats the laymans explanation behind what spontaneous human combustion. As he uttered these last words, he drew both hands up to either side of his head and waved two fingers, like someone quoting. Sandra noticed with disgust the grotesque nature of this act.
The stranger continued, Since the phenomena occur very rarely throughout the world, a rational headed scientific explanation was not forthcoming as to how someone could suddenly explode into flames whilst the immediate surroundings were left intact. But then an investigation brought science to test how such an event could occur.
Science discovered the real explanation behind the phenomena. The first fact that they uncovered was every case known was that of a lonely, old person who lived alone. Secondly, they found that whilst an intense heat nearly wholly consumed the body, the room, where the remains of the body were discovered, bore no evidence of such intense heat or conflagration. 
They then thought that it may be the style of cloth the body had been dressed in. Although they found that there was some similarity in the materials, they decided that this alone could not be the cause. 
Then one shrewd observer noticed that each and every one of the victims carried excess fat on their bodies. They were not obese, but the flesh that they recovered from the parts that werent burnt revealed high fat contents.
So they set up an experiment. They secured a big, fat, dead pig and wrapped it tightly in linen garments of similar material to the garments worn by the old pensioners, and then laid the pig on a bed. They then heated the fat up to such a point that the fat itself began to bubble and burn. The tight linen did not burn straightaway, but burnt at an excruciatingly slow rate along with the pigs fat. The big, fat pig and its fat burned for three days; and to the scientists astonishment, the bed remained not burnt. The only evidence that there had been a pig there were four hoofs that hadnt had enough fat on them to cook. Anything that had fat wrapped around it cooked, even the tough bones; even they were reduced to ashes because of the intense heat.
So what can be learnt from this, they asked? They learnt that the linen trapped the fat inside and prevented its escape. Whist the hot fat crackled and spat, the body of the old man or woman cooked, and was slowly reduced to ash. The scientists provided the following scenario: An old woman, or man, living alone falls whilst either smoking, or being near a fire. They are knocked unconscious or killed by the fall. Part of the garments they are dressed in catches fire, but because, like all old people they are wrapped up tightly, the body fat begins to burn and the linen flame is extinguished, while the fat continues to bubble, boil and burn. 
No one finds the old pensioner for many days since there has been no fire. 
When they do find him them, all that is left is a spare leg, which wasnt wrapped tightly in linen, or did not have enough body fat.

Chapter 12

The following day at the Racids, preparations started early for their theme night of: Celebration of Russian Beauties. The rooms were prepared, which Racid took great delight in arranging, whilst his wife took greater delight in running out hideous scenarios to the mirth of her husband.
The three Russian girls had been woken at around 9am so as not to make them too knackered for their clients in the late evening. Racids wife, Chrissy, had taken personal control over the physical hygiene of her charges and had made the frightened girls wash their bodies mercilessly after the hour of six.
Seven of Racids clients had paid to attend and participate in the Celebration of Russian Beauties. Rapant and Sandra were the first to put forward the expensive entry fee. The other guests, all men, paid appropriate fees to satiate their lust and cruelty. 
Since Sandra and Peter had paid the highest fee, they would have first pick of the girls, followed by two middle aged gentlemen and finally three men, all in their fifties. The two middle-aged gentlemen had paid extra for what they termed as leftovers, or in other words, they would not only avail themselves of a fresh girl, but would have the other two girls, after the other clients had finished with them.
Peter Rapant woke early that Saturday morning as he had retired early the previous night, knowing that today was going to require all his physical and mental strength to satisfy his darkened soul. He lay in bed for a few seconds, listened to his wife still blowing sleep from her lungs, and then he stretched his limbs and groaned aloud. His wife turned, asked what time it was and immediately fell back to sleep. Rapant sat up, flung the covers away from himself, and leapt out of the bed. He strode purposefully towards the door, opened it, and made his way along the opulent hallway and into the bathroom.
In a district of Manchester, Sandra Magg had risen before the hour of six and had been busy collating some professional papers that needed attention before she could abandon herself completely to her desires that evening in Leeds. She did not want the onerous task to interfere with her thoughts. There, thats done, and nothing more to do! she declared with triumph to herself.
At the hour of 9 o clock that evening, the first car began to pull up outside Racids property. No sooner had the occupants emerged from the vehicle than they headed quickly into the yard and disappeared into the property. The three dogs, tied up to the rear of the yard, began to bark ceaselessly.
Since no other residential property was within 300 yards of Racids ramshackle estate, only industrial units, and none of them open on this deserted Saturday night, the canine cacophony was left to run its course; indeed, Racid never checked the barking his dogs bellowed, since it provided ample warning of intruders, or more importantly: the police, of which he was eternally afraid. 
During the next hour all the guests arrived, apart from Peter Rapant; he was always the last to arrive. It was his last security check; he thought that if the police were to raid the place on some tip off, they would do it only when they were sound in the knowledge that all the guests were in the brothel. Rapants custom was to park somewhere off Dewsbury Road and keep a vigilant eye on the traffic approaching and turning down the lane leading to Racids property. At 9.30 pm, Rapant was assured that the Racids place was clean of police, and with such assurance of mind, he set the motor to task and drove towards his desire. Upon reaching the property, the dogs once again began their canine cacophony to herald the last arrival.
Hes here! declared Racid impatiently from within the house, and he quickly ran to the door to meet his last client.
Hello, Peter! So glad you could make it. Did you have difficulty getting here again? enquired Racid in the most ingratiating of language.
Yes, the traffic on the M62 was terrible; but enough of that. Is everyone here? And is everything as planned? demanded Rapant.
Why yes, Peter. You know I always put a thousand per cent effort on your behalf; you being our best customer; and I can assure you, you wont be disappointed this evening; believe me, you wont, and Racid let out the most hideous snigger that made Rapant think how positively sick this man was.
Are the other guests in their normal rooms? demanded Rapant. Racids policy, and a policy that all the guests were glad to abide by, was that none of the guests were to see one another, unless they so wished. This was to prevent identification of other clients, and thus avoid any instances of blackmail or other such skulduggery.
Yes, they are all in their separate rooms. Sandra is in your normal room. If you would like to join her? Racid held out his arm to gesture Rapant in the direction of the normal room, which was anything but normal. It was created as an arena of lust, designed by Racid and his wife. The colours and tone of the decoration were of total red, crimson, and pink. A four-poster bed, made from the finest oak, occupied the central space of the room, and around this bed were arranged all manner of other mahogany furniture, mirrors, an ornate sink and bath, and weird metal contraptions. The mahogany tone of the furniture blended disturbingly with the crimson and red backdrop; the shining metal of the contraptions held sinister tones, whilst the mirrors in abundance reflected the grotesque scene. 
Good evening, Peter, said Sandra, as he was ushered into the room by Racid.
Good evening to you also, Sandra. May I say you look as ravishing as ever?
Sandra was sat in one of the corners. The corner was dark, and the dark tones of her attire had submerged her in shadow. Ever since she had struck up this unholy union with Rapant, Sandra had dressed up for the occasion and tonight was no exception.
The combination of black leather and brown fur suits you marvellously, Sandra, complimented Rapant.
Thank you, Peter. The fur is real and cost the lives of many animals, and I do so like it, and she let out a sinister giggle, which raised the eyebrows of Rapant.
I do like that laugh, Sandra, and feel the mood of the night approaching. Shall we begin?
Yes, bring in my pretty babes, and lets choose our Russian beauty for our feast! 
Sandra fell into a fit of repulsive laughter, which infected Peter almost instantly, so that both roared with animal delight. Their mirth was cut somewhat short, however, when they heard a gentle tap on the room door. It was Racid.
Are you ready yet?
Yes, come in, Racid, answered Rapant.
Racid entered the room, but only as much as Rapant allowed, which somewhat vexed Racid.
The other guests are beginning to grumble, Peter, as you know they cannot start on theirs without first you choosing yours? he squeaked.
Bring them in, Racid, instructed Rapant; he then closed the door behind Racid and walked back to the shadowy grove of the room where Sandra was hidden. I believe it is your turn to choose tonight, my dear; what delight we shall have, he declared softly.
Indeed it is, Peter; but as you know, we always choose the right one, and the other is never disappointed.
And tonight will be no different, I believe, Sandra.
Another soft tap sounded on the door, which Rapant walked with purpose towards and opened the wooden door. Before him was Chrissy, Racids repulsive wife. For a moment, Rapant forgot his mood and fairly winced at the sight of Chrissy. However, his mood quickly returned when he beheld three girls stationed behind the ugliness of Racids wife.
Come in girls, Rapant gestured, and he stood to one side to allow the three trembling girls to enter the room before the heavy wooden door was closed deliberately in the face of Chrissy, who was unceremoniously stood gaping into the room.
The three Russian girls were all sixteen, as Racid thought that he could always say to the police, if apprehended, that they had consented. The two girls and Lisa now stood together, huddled in a circle in the centre of the horror of that room.
Dont be shy now, girls, Im not going to hurt you, slurred Rapant, who was beginning to salivate. Can any of you speak English? he asked.
No reply came back.
He approached nearer to the huddled girls, and being considerably taller than them, stooped over them, which made the girls look even smaller.
He repeated, only this time, with much more sinister tone: Does any of you speak English?
Once again no answer was offered. Rapant raised himself back, stood tall and declared: Well thats mighty fine! I like it best that way. My soul will not be able to understand your pathetic cries of pity! As he said this, he began to roar with hideous laughter. The three young Russian girls all began to tremble; one even began to shake convulsively. Lisa grabbed her arm to try and offer some kind of assurance. Rapant noticed this, and as he did so, his mind was instantly determined that this was to be the girl they were going to have.
Sandra did not disappoint.
Well, hello, girls, uttered Sandra softly as she emerged from the shadows. The girls looked up and stared at the approaching figure, all attired in leather and fur; and each knew in their beings that what was about to happen was going to be something terrible. Ive chosen already, Peter, stated Sandra.
Which one, darling? inquired Rapant.
This one. and she pointed to Lisa.
I knew you would choose the right one for us to feast upon, my darling, declared Rapant joyously.
He then quickly ushered the other two girls towards the door, which, when he opened it, was met by the ugly face of Chrissy, who apparently hadnt moved since he first closed the door.
Take these delights to your other customers, Chrissy, and dont disturb us for the next two hours. After that you may come and collect the girl and give whats left over to the other customer who has paid for her.
Rapant then firmly shut the door and locked it. He turned around and strode purposefully towards Lisa, who was stood in the middle of the room.
Sandra was stroking her hair and slowly circling the terrified young girl. Let the party begin, Sandra! Rapant cried.
Yes, Peter, let the party begin! and both fell into a fit of horrible laughter.
What happened to Lisa and the two other girls as well during those two terrifying hours is beyond description, but on two occasions two of the girls passed out with pain because of what those people did to them in satisfaction of their lust.
For Lisa, her ordeal was not over; upon elapse of two hours, when the two creatures, Rapant and Sandra, had feasted their unnatural desires upon her, she was taken as leftovers for the two elderly gentlemen, who had earlier paid for the pleasure.
Lisa did not physically recover from the ordeal for over a fortnight, and on one occasion, Racid thought of simply dumping the ill girl somewhere near the hospital; but his avaricious wife firmly concluded that they would simply be chucking good money away, and therefore, Lisa was kept at the Racids property to recover, which she eventually did. 

Chapter 13

Sandra and Rapant had listened steadfastly to what their captor had to say. The more detail he gave, the more their souls began to tremble and shrink in fear from what was in store for them.
The stranger quickly jumped up from his seat, sprung over to Rapant, pulled him to his feet, and flung him over his right shoulder. He then turned around and attached the loop to the clip on the swing and let Rapants body roll off his shoulders. His upturned body swung heavily from side to side, but Rapant gave no sound. His heart and mind were numb, his throat dry and unable to voice its terror.
Sandra, on the contrary, began to scream hysterically when the man had lifted her up in the air.
Now, now, Sandra, no one can hear you underground here, so what is the point in screaming? I thought all you educated, so-called professionals, were rational thinkers, and yet you scream when no one can hear. He then clipped the loop of Sandras chord, but this time, he steadied her body as he let it go. We dont want you screaming and swinging at the same time; that would be intolerable, now wouldnt it? Besides, only the devil himself can hear your howls for mercy. He gave a sinister laugh of intent.
The captor then took a couple paces backwards and looked at Rapant and Sandra hung upside down there with the shrouds wrapped around their bodies.
Talking of the devil and of good and bad, the stranger began in voice altered from the animated one of earlier. His voice now seemed to become strangely distant, as though it was driven to speak from deep within his being. He did not look at either Sandra or Rapant as he spoke. The difference between the Devil and God when it comes to human actions on earth of good and bad, and the consequences that persons must face at the end of their time on earth, the decision whether they are eternally pampered in paradise, or tormented forever in hell is that God has a choice, but the Devil doesnt. Both are capable of punishing the sinner. On the day of Day of Judgment, God saith to the criminal, Thou hast sinned, and the criminal is banished from his holy presence and sent tumbling to darkness and hell. The Devil greets the miserable soul, but he, the Devil, does not have a choice; he has to accept the bad soul. He cannot hurtle the soul back to Paradise and shout, In my opinion, you have not sinned. Not in my books anyway. The Devil has to take the soul and do Gods punishment for him. Its a non-negotiable contract. God can choose who has sinned and who hasnt, but the Devil must grin, bear it, and accept it, because he cant do anything about it, you see. Does that make sense?
Neither Sandra nor Rapant replied. The man looked back down to the earth and continued, What happens though if the Devil intervenes before the Day of Judgement? What will God do then? The Devil will judge before God, and so steal Gods choice of Paradise or Hell from him, or at least of Hell. Very sneaky little trick, dont you think? 
He now looked up at the two suspended beings. Im going to judge you before your God does! Im going to beat God to it! Im going to take the place of God! He had become terrifying; his voiced pierced the thick cavern air and resounded deeply; and in a contrasting snarl he hissed, Im going to judge you two before your God does. Im going to judge what you did to Lisa!
Now, do you understand why you are here? asked the stranger in a softly spoken voice, but heavily charged with intent of something utterly dreadful.
Rapant and Sandra hung there upside down and numb and mute for a moment like vertical mummies; the whites of their terrified eyes were clearly visible against the black backdrop of the coal seam. Their bodies wholly bound in linen and covered up to their neck in pig fat to act as wax, as it were, for the wick that was to roast the two alive.
Did you not think at the time the hurt your lust was creating on the beings and souls of others? Were you not aware of the evil you were enacting on the souls of others on this earth? And did you not think for one moment in the tearing passion of your lust that your souls would have to answer the terrible deeds you were committing? 
He looked hard at the two sinful souls swinging before him. He contemplated their pathetic state now to how triumphant they were then. He began to slowly pace and circle the two suspended people, very slowly, and yet with utmost purpose.
If I could turn back the hours on the calendar, I would do so straightaway, and would not commit those atrocities on those girls; and if you spare me now, I promise, with all my heart that I will give all my possessions away to repent for what I have done, stammered Sandra.
You would, give all your possessions away. You think this is about material possessions? You think now, as you hang awaiting death for your crimes, that it is about material wealth; and that giving away your wealth is going to somehow save your sinful souls?
What else do you want of us? interjected Rapant.
Why, Rapant, I want to judge and condemn you to Hell before your God does; have you forgotten? Let me remind you. I am going to judge your sins, and not God at his gates of Heaven. I shall judge you and condemn you to feel the heat of Hell in life before you feel the heat of eternal fire in Hell for your lust! With this final damned statement, the strange figure bent right down to the face of the stranger and looked beyond his eyes and into the very core of his soul. I shall have your souls in Hell!
Sandra began to scream hysterically so that her suspended cocoon began to swing; the more she screamed, the more she swung; the scream echoed and reverberated against the cavern walls, but remained ever silent to the waking world beyond.
Scream, scream away, just as your poor victims did all those years back, Sandra! Scream to your mother and father who loved you; scream to your husband, who once did love you, and scream to your God, who turns a blind eye to you now. No matter how hard you resist your death, it will come, and with such slow burning speed will it spread a deathly heat to mingle with your heat of lust; and there entwined and intermingled in heat and flame, the lust, the author of hurt to so many, will be extinguished in the heat of Hell! 
Their captor then fell silent for a minute; his back was turned against the suspended beings of Sandra and Rapant. Sandra ceased her screaming, and now staring hard at her captor merely let out irregular sobs. All three remained like that for a few moments until the stranger broke the silence.
There is one way you can redeem your souls though, spoke the stranger. What if I was to say you could escape this torment by one more act?
Ill do it! shouted Sandra, without first enquiring what.
What about you, Rapant? How goes the proposition with you?
Depends what you are asking, but since I dont seem to have much choice, I think I would have to take the offer.
Would you kill Sandra, Rapant, to save your own soul? That is your choice. Sandra has already agreed to condemn you, without even asking what the deed was. What about you, Rapant? Would you kill Sandra to save your own soul from the Devil?
Yes, came the muttered response.
I thought you might, Rapant; but because you both would kill each other that would be unfair, and I dont like a biased game of life and death; and therefore Ill call the game off, and administer the death myself.
Do you like Mozart, Rapant? Do you like his Death Mass? I do. I like the Confutatis maledictis flammis acribus addictis! When the doomed are confounded and consigned to flames of woe, you too be eternally damned in Hell. 
He then walked with purpose over to the table, reached out with his right hand, and clicked the tape player, upon which Mozarts music filled the cavern silence. 
If you dont mind, Rapant and Sandra, I would much prefer to listen to the music of genius rather than the howls and cries of those damned. 
The stranger then turned round and walked towards Sandra and Rapant and lit the wick that would begin their process of death. They both now screamed loud. 
Your screams now are the dread of what will be, but soon they shall be for what is, and they will be ten-fold more terrible as they will cry from your very flesh. 
The strange figure turned around, extinguished the candles one by one, and walked towards the bell-pit shaft, then paused: I will see both of you again in Hell, and believe me, your torment now will be ever more terrible there. 
He then ascended the shaft; as he opened the portal, a shaft of daylight flung itself on the cavern floor, before the door above was slammed shut again leaving only the two wicks above Sandra and Rapant, which burned and lit dimly the black scene. 
The two persons, who had perpetrated some of the most hideous atrocities against innocent life now met with theirs. The stranger had ensured that no matter how hard they tried to swing, to loosen their bond, or overturn the tripod frame, they wouldnt be able to as it was fixed hard, rooted as it were to the intermittent rock resting between the coal. 
Ten minutes passed in which violent accusations against one another were hurled, but to no avail. Neither Sandra nor Rapant repented of their heinous deeds of lust; instead, they used their last hours on earth in hurling abuse at one another. 
Fifteen minutes passed and Rapant was the first to feel the heat of the wick and pig fat begin to warm his toes. An incongruous thought shattered his present state: he thought back to when he was a child and his feet had gotten wet; his mother had brought him in, removed his wet pumps and socks, and sat him in front of a hot glowing fire. He could hear the echo of his mother, There! Thats better, Rapant, isnt it? She smiled the love of a mother. The memory crashed to pieces when he heard Sandra shriek. 
The warmth of her ordeal had passed quickly before the heat and melted fat of the pig began to burn and melt the flesh on her toes. They first blistered, bubbled, and then burst; with each burst blister a little pop was heard, and after that a sort of crackle as the bone began to spit its liquid and blood in the heated fat. 
It took the pair over six hours to die. Rapant succumbed first to his passage to Hell, and Sandra lingered on in indescribable torment for another 40 minutes before she too accepted her journey to everlasting damnation. 
Their spent bodies took nearly two days to be consumed by the human candle, and then only two corpse-less heads remained on the bell-pit floor, gazing at each other, just as they had done in their life of lust.

Chapter 14

Nicholas had been living with his adopted family, the Racids, for over four years now and would seek solitude in visiting the woods as it allowed him to find temporary escape from the Racids relentless quest for hell.
On a hot Sunday in mid-July, Nicholas ventured into the woods, and as he strolled along, he blew out a whistling tune with his lips, which reverberated in the summer air, before the thick foliage stifled it. As Nicholas whistled he ran; he began to whistle faster, and as he did so, his feet tried to keep tempo with his tune. He whistled faster still, which forced his feet to run faster too. It wasnt long before the tune and his running competed for the oxygen in his lungs. At length, he ceased to whistle, but still bounded along through the tress until he veered off the beaten track and ran into the depths of the woodland. He felt the ground beneath his sprinting feet change to a more uneven surface of broken twigs and small branches, little shrubs and green bracken. Finally, his feet could not carry him any faster, and the momentum of his body compelled Nicholas to tumble head first into a clump of green, thick bracken. 
He lay there on his back laughing and panting for breath whilst looking up to the green canopy and smiling at the thousand twinkles of sunlight stealing through the forest top. As he regained his breath, he once again began to whistle a tune; and as he did so, he rolled over the bracken, flattening it to the woodland floor. The bracken crunched and gave way easily to the young lad. After a couple of turns, Nicholas felt the ground and he stopped. With his back to the floor and his face to the canopy, he whistled another tune, but this time as he did so he was strangely aware of an echo as though the reverberation not only resounded in his ears but also in his being. He blew out another couple of notes to satisfy this strange phenomenon, and once again, the eerie echo captured and flowed through the boys being. He stopped and the sensation stopped with it. 
He decided to roll backwards away from the little incline and blow out another whistle. One roll and another, a whistle, but this time the only sense he felt from the sound was the immediate echo in his ears. He lay there intrigued, but not knowing how to satisfy his curious mind. He rolled back to the incline, stopped with his back flat to the floor, pursed his lips, and let the sound flow from his throat. The sensation buzzing through his being returned and Nicholas pupils widened to the sense. He lay there mesmerized, straining his mind as to the cause of the phenomenon. 
He realized the cause of the echo running through his being must be the effect of some kind of cavity beneath the ground, some small pocket of trapped air, which echoed back to Nicholas his tune. For one horrible second, he thought he lay over a wasps nest, and, any moment, they would begin to vent their waspish anger on his back, but quickly his fears were allayed as he realized he would have been stung already if that had been the case. A new thought gripped his mind; a thought that enters all the minds of young lads: that he had discovered some sort of cavern with hidden treasure. 
Nicholas raised himself up off his back, turned his body around so that he knelt. He then began with great effort to scrape away the surface of earth beneath him. He did this until he could scrape no further because roots entwined, bits of rock, and clay barred his passage. He needed something to aid his task. He knelt back and thought very hard. At last, he remembered up near the disused Middleton tram line there was an old iron railing that he had one day found, and then hidden.
Nicholas leapt to his feet and began to sprint towards the old tram line. When he arrived at the old disused line, he glanced round frantically and kicked the leaves strewn along the floor; then he spied the metal railing sticking out from a carpet of dead foliage. He bent down and grabbed it, spun round, and sprinted back to the buried treasure.
With legs astride, iron railing raised above him, he stood above the small hillock and let fall the bar. It hit the soft earth. He felt some initial resistance from the ground, but the weighty bar carried on past the resistance, through the tangled roots, bits of rock and clay, and to his amazement, he felt the bar disappear with ease into the earth and was gone. 
Nicholas dropped to the floor in astonishment. Where had the bar disappeared? To what empty vault had it fallen into? He lowered his head to the ground and looked down with his left eye into the little hole that the bar had left, but he could see nothing. He quickly felt inside his trouser pocket and produced a childs small torch he carried about with him, and shone it down, peering into the little hole; but still he could see nothing. He thought about getting a spade and digging down, but he rejected it because the roof of the cavern could give way, and he would fall into the exposed vault to his death. 
After mulling over the problem, he decided to find the edge of the vault and dig the earth there; and by doing so, he would keep his feet safely on secure ground. Before he could do this though, he had to get a spade. He knew that up at Middleton Golf House and the flower gardens next to them he could easily secure a spade; and with this in mind, he set off. 
When he arrived at the Golf House, he made his way to the side of it, past the sweet chestnut trees, and up the four steps leading to the garden. Sure enough, there was the old gardener, and there were the tools. He retraced his steps quietly, so that the gardener did not notice him. He then sprinted to the back to the Golf House and past it until he appeared on the other side, nearly parallel with the gardener. Nicholas paused for moment and hid himself behind a large oak to shield him from the old mans eyes. 
He bided his time, and when the gardener wasnt looking, he crept to the tools, removed a spade, and sneaked in similar vein back behind the oak. He cast a final glance at the gardener to check if his deed had been seen; but the old man was struggling with some unruly weeds strangling the daises and was oblivious to the theft of the spade. Nicholas then made his way back the woods and disappeared into them.
The young lad dug with every strained nerve and muscle to remove the soil from opening. At first, the earth came away quickly, but as he dug deeper roots and rocks began to resist his efforts. Many times he had to slam the spade down to break the back of those impediments. 
Finally, the moment of discovery hed been waiting for came, and a tumultuous smile broke along the whole contour of his face. A whole spade full of soil simply disappeared beneath the ground, right in front of his eyes. It had fallen down the shaft and into the hidden chamber below. He raised the spade up once more up as high as he could and slammed it down on the gateway to the pit. Another larger mass of soil slipped down and vanished into the darkness; unable to hold itself, it fell into the abyss below. 
Nicholas knelt down at the holes edge, lowered his head into one of the portals hed created, and peered into the gloomy blackness. Nothing, he could see nothing. Although he could see a maze of intertwined roots, he could not see beyond them into the darkness. He uncoiled his lower legs from the kneeling position, flung them backwards, and lay flat on his front. He then reached into his right pocket and produced the little torch of earlier. With his right arm and the torch, he reached down it into the cavern to peer into the darkness. 
As the roots held him fast, he lit the torch, but instead of the sparkling jewels and hidden treasure Nicholas had expected to find, he saw only a cylindrical shaft that fell to gloomy shadows below. 
The afternoon sun was beginning to abandon itself to the twilight sky, and any more work would be futile; besides, he needed more equipment to get to the bottom of the cavern. He determined to suspend his activities until the next day. He sprang to his feet, looked around himself, and collected some old leaves and other foliage he could use to camouflage his find. After he had done this, he set off to the Racids with the hope of returning early the next day.
Nicholas arrived back at the Racids physically exhausted, but still had to muster greater reserves of energy to undertake the loathsome chores the Racids made him do every day. This was a going to be a particularly busy night, but ironically for Nicholas it meant he would have a strangely quiet night. The Racids didnt want him, or anyone else for that matter, in the way of their guests and their activities, activities, which our reader will later learn of.
The next day Nicholas arrived at the bell pit with a coal bag full of tools. He thrust in his hand and produced a saw with which he began to sever and hack the roots off, which were festooned around the chamber entrance. After a little time, an entrance was sawn through the roots. He pulled the torch towards himself and plunged it through the roots, clicked the switch and glared into the strange, yellow gloom below. The light of the torch illuminated the cavern and Nicholas could see strange twinkles on the silent floor. What are those million twinkling lights? he thought. 
Nicholas eased himself out of the shaft and backwards with much effort and knelt on his knees. He picked up the sack at the side of him and produced a long piece of rope. He wrapped the rope around a tree and tied a secure knot. He then returned to the shaft and dropped down the rope, so that it fell quietly to the bottom of it. Nicholas bent down and picked up the large torch, struck the light, and shone it down the shaft to the bottom of the pit in order to satisfy his concerns over safety that the rope had indeed reached the floor of the pit. It had, and like a snake lay curled asleep on the floor where he could see it.
Nicholas tied the end piece of string to his torch and the other end to his belt, so that the torch hung down and produced the necessary light for his descent. The descent did not take long, and he felt his feet come to rest on the ground beneath him. He now stood at the bottom of Alfred Sissons Bell Pit. 
Nicholas looked around, but could see nothing but darkness. However, he felt a strange presence. Strangely, he was not afraid though, and he lifted and shone his torch and could clearly make out a large chamber about the size of a large coach. He turned the torch to his left side and a similar chamber met his gaze. 
The young lad understood immediately that there was no other soul in the caverns apart from him. He could see no other being, but he felt there was someone or thing there with him. The sensation of another, however, rather than filling Nicholas with fear, instilled instead within him a strange sort of ease, unusual for one of his young age. He took a couple of measured steps forward and heard the crunch of old coal beneath his step. As he moved forward, he shone the torch to light his way. 
Finally, he met the end of the cavern. He had found nothing, nothing at all, except walls of coal and the ground. He turned round and set out to investigate the other end, expecting to find nothing. He made his way past the lift shaft and into the gloom of the left chamber. Hed only taken a few paces into it when his foot caught something on the ground, which made him stumble slightly. He looked down and shone the torch. 
There on the ground lay an old shovel. This must have been a spade they used to dig the coal out of the ground, he thought to himself. He picked it up and looked at it closely. Time had aged the shovel. The metal part was intact, but looked very rusted and brittle; the wooden shaft would take only one hit before it would break. Nicholas lowered the shovel back down and placed it gently on the ground. He then continued to investigate this last chamber. He stood still and directed the light. 
To the furthest part he could discern what looked like whitish sticks strewn along the ground. He strained his head, neck and eyes to determine what they were, but couldnt. He would have to move closer. A moment of trepidation crept through his being, but was quickly banished as Nicholas felt a veil of calm move through his being. He walked another few paces, and it gradually dawned on him that the whitish sticks strewn across the blackened floor were not sticks, but bones, human bones, long shed of the flesh that had once hung from them. As he got closer to the furthest part of the chamber, he noticed that the bones had been assembled on the floor in an orderly manner. 
Nicholas felt an atmosphere of great calm and solitude. He walked to the nearest cavern wall, turned round, and sat down with his back against the wall. He shone the torch all around him. Then he switched the lamp off and blackness enveloped his being. He looked to his left and saw a dim gloom hovering at the bottom of the shaft; only the tiniest atoms of light penetrated from above. 
As Nicholas sat there in the darkness with his back to wall, he let fall his head, so that it rested on his knees. He then closed his eyes and listened to the voice of that pit. As he did so, he had the extraordinary feeling he was rested next to another being. He flicked on the switch, but there was no one there. But, still, he felt the profound presence of another. Nicholas flicked off the lamp once again, and in his sitting position he remained for a good ten minutes or so. He didnt seem to be thinking or mulling over anything in particular, or analysing, or deliberating over what he was going to do; he simply sat there as though he had become one with that eerie sepulchre and its history. He felt an immense calm.
Fifteen years later a man sat in this same position waiting for a woman and another to regain consciousness.

Chapter 15

Lisa, or Lisaveta as she was known to her parents, was born in a small Russian village called Chistoya, northwest of Nizny Novgorod, in the year 1971. Her parents were both well into their forties when her mother, Natasha, gave birth. The parents had tried and failed for years to have a child. Years came and past, but Natasha and Mikhail could never conceive.
Mikhail worked hard in Soviet agriculture, whist Natasha made a small income as a seamstress. Although they were poor, and had been all their lives, Natasha and Mikhail never complained of their poverty; they saw it through simple Russian eyes as being part of Gods design to prepare their souls for purity through suffering. 
When times were hard, Mikhail would quietly whisper in his wifes ear, God is watching, and is willing us to have courage and boldness, so that we may come through this. Natasha would raise her big natural eyes to her husband and smile approvingly. Their religious understanding of life meant that their lives were, on the whole, happy lives. All the people in the village of Chistoya respected them; no one had anything bad to say of the happy couple.
Although Natasha was strong in the face of all adversity and didnt let sadness and self-pity gain dominion over happiness, she often felt a deep sense of emptiness at not having a child. This sense of longing became particularly acute when she was asked to be godmother to other womens children. The women of the village pitied Natashas barrenness. By their kind godmother gesture they thought, in their ignorance, that Natasha would be made a little happier, but the contrary was always the fact. Although Natasha had the moral strength to shun thoughts of envy, she could not rid her soul of the yearning for a child of her own. She had now come to realize, at the age of forty seven, she would never be with child. However, on that hot and golden summer, Natashas life would change forever.
The July sun was high in the blue sky, and the countryside around Chistoya resounded with life. Mikhail had been working hard in the fields all morning and into the afternoon. His manager had asked him to undertake these agricultural tasks, and, after he had completed them, he could finish earlier than normal. He had no more than an hours work left in the field when he saw, in the distance, a young child running for all his life towards him. 
What is it, Ivan Vasilyevich? he shouted at the young lad.
Natasha is ill, Mikhail. Your wife is ill, the boy repeated breathlessly. No sooner had little Ivan uttered the words did Mikhail begin to run ferociously towards the little village of Chistoya. 
It took him ten minutes to reach his cottage. A small crowd of women and young children had gathered around the door. Upon seeing Mikhail, the women stood back to make a passage for him to pass. Mikhail leapt into the house, through the stone kitchen, and into the back bedroom. Horror struck his soul as he entered the room. Natasha was writhing in convulsions of agony. Her hair was matted and her face streamed with sweat. She was incoherent in her screams of pain. Four women attended to the poor woman. Mikhail stood there numb with fear for the life of his wife. 
One of the women, Nadia, upon seeing Mikhail, rushed over to him, and pulled him to one side, Mikhail! O, Mikhail! Shes been like this now for over an hour. Natasha came to collect the cloth around 2pm and found her in this delirious state. We dont know what kind of fever it is. None of us have seen anything like it before.
Another woman, who had listened to the conversation, added, If it wasnt Natasha, Id swear its like shes having a baby!
All of the women threw a reproachful look at the woman who had dared to utter the words. They all knew of Natashas deep desire to have children, but couldnt; and now, this woman expressed the thought when poor Natasha was fighting for her life. However, as the women stared at the woman, the thought, too, became locked in their own consciousness and became rooted there. 
A loud silence threw itself around them all. They looked from the woman and threw their gaze upon Mikhail. Mikhail looked back, not knowing how to meet their questioning stare. In desperation to avoid it, he looked down towards his wife. The women followed suit. They all stared at this aged woman writhing in agony. Mikhail let fall his right hand and he began to wipe away the hot sweat from his wifes forehead. He spoke gentle words of encouragement, but to no avail. His wife was delirious with pain and seemed oblivious to her surroundings and the village people there
Nadia, the eldest of the women, gestured to the rest of the women that she was about to do something. The three women understood without being told what was going to happen. 
Mikhail, Nadia spoke; and as she did so, she gently pressed his shoulder, Mikhail, come into the kitchen a moment. Theres something I want to do.
Mikhail turned around, almost aimlessly, and followed the old woman into the kitchen. As he walked through the door, Nadia closed the door behind him slowly, but first she gestured to the women, and pointed to Natasha on the bed. The door closed shut.
The three women who were left in the bedroom sprang into action: one gathered some warm water; another grabbed some clean towels, while the last one comforted Natasha. 
Mikhail slunk down on a chair in the kitchen. He thought he was going to lose his wife. He sat there numb, unable to move. Suddenly a piercing shriek rose from the bedroom, but the wail was not that of his wife, but of another soul. 
Mikhail flung his head back and stared hard at Nadia. Nadias wise old face, with her grey hair, lifted and blossomed into a beautiful smile; her dull eyes gleamed in the light, and tears ran down the aged channels of her cheeks. I think your wife and your child want to see you, Mikhail, she softly spoke; and as she did so, Nadia helped the man up by the arm and led him to the bedroom door. She opened it slowly and gently pushed the father into the room.
A baby girl bawled healthily whilst Natasha held her lovingly in her arms. She lifted her eyes from the baby and looked towards her husband. Mikhail never before beheld his wife so beautiful and radiant as she looked then. Happiness of being and motherhood seemed to have banished all trauma and delirium of giving birth. She now shone in motherly beauty. Mikhail strode with determined steps towards his wife and child and held both of them in a tight embrace. Nadia gestured to the other women, and they each quietly left the family together. Nadia proceeded through the kitchen and opened the front door to relate the happy news to those waiting outside. Immediately, wild cries of joy, screams of delight resounded through the Russian afternoon sky.

Chapter 16

The Racid family scrounged their income from incapacity benefits paid to his wife, who in reality was quite athletic, unemployment benefits paid to him, and child benefits paid to his two children: Katherine and Kevin. To supplement their income, the Racids were involved in anything that could secure the most meagre penny. They were totally obsessed with money: obsessed to the point where absolutely nothing else mattered, not even the welfare of their children. Every aspect of their lives was driven by greed. Their favourite occupation was scrap metal and old tat.
It was a hot July afternoon in the summer of 1985. Racid and Nicholas were out collecting scrap metal and ripping off whoever they could. Katherine and Kevin were indoors watching some reality show taped from the previous evening. Chrissy Racid was laid upon her bed in her accustomed afternoon depression, which she always suffered prior to the first drink of early evening, which she called Her medicine for one of those menopauses.
Racids usurped property stood just off a single road which ferried traffic to a single dead end. The only motorists who drove up there were walkers and their dogs. They would park up and venture on through into Middleton Woods. On this particular day, a very large man emerged with much effort from his car. He held a big bag in his right hand. Running around his legs was a Jack Russell. The man closed and locked the door of his car, and accompanied by his dog, both set off into the woods. 
After a couple of minutes, the fat man and his Jack Russell emerged from the woods onto an expanse of field, which locals called the Clearings. It was the fat mans custom on Sundays, when the weather was fine and hot, to lay upon the Clearings and sun himself, whilst feeding his gluttonous appetite, and let his dog have her little run, as he called it. He had stationed himself upon his back and opened his first can of strong lager, whilst at the same time unwrapping a sweet doughnut from its package.
A jogger, advanced in years, ran towards the fat man and noticed the Jack Russell heading towards him. He slowed up appreciably and called out to the man, who had now his mouth full of doughnut, Is your dog ok?
Oh, hes alright, replied the man, emptying the last dregs of lager from the can to clear his throat. He only barks thats all and wants to play.
The jogger continued his running at his customary pace, but not before noticing the fat man had five cans of lager stationed at his side. He carried on jogging round the Clearings and back again to where the large man lay. This time he noticed that there were only four cans of lager, and that the fifth can was presently being screwed up in the fat mans hand, meaning that he had supped one can during the time it had taken the man to run one circuit of the Clearings.
The aged runner became somewhat fixated with running the next circuit before the rotund fellow could consume another can of lager. He increased his pace noticeably, but to no avail. By the time he had reached the man and his Jack Russell, the can was already dispatched and a third can was already being opened. 
The aged runner grimaced and set off on the next circuit in great earnest. He felt the heat and sweat build up painfully in his body, and his heart beat faster; by now though, with adrenalin pumping, he could think of nothing else but beating the next can of lager. This time, when he completed the circuit, a broad smile poured across the old runners face: the huge man was still on his third can of lager! Youre sweating more than me! the obese man shouted; and indeed the runner was sweating more profusely than the fat man frying in the summer sun. 
Fearing he may lose advantage gained, the old runner set off on his penultimate circuit with renewed vigour. By the time he had completed it, however, the man and his beer had caught up, so that victory was to be decided upon the final can of beer and the final circuit.
By this time though, the runner was now asking his body to perform extraordinary feats of duress; his heart pounded hard against his ribs; his eyes bulged in their sockets, whilst rivers of sweat poured from his body; and then: the horror! No sooner had the runner cleared the small copse on the far side of the clearings did he see before his horrified eyes: six cans of empty lager lying upon the lonely grass, and not a fat man or his dog to be seen! 
The aged man had been beaten. The effect nearly cost the dear man his life. He stumbled in exhaustion and fell into a rather large bramble bush, into which he disappeared with a groan. Nearly half an hour later he emerged, as if from death, to startle some old lady taking her poodle for a walk.
The fat man, along with his Jack Russell, approached their car leisurely. He wiped the dirt from his boots and took them off, replacing them with more suitable footwear for the car. The dog was also cleaned of the mud and loose leaves and then placed in the open boot compartment, where it stood upon its hind legs and watched its owner walk around the car and get into it. 
The man struck upon the key to the engine of the car, but it merely choked a stutter and nothing happened. The process was immediately repeated with the same result. Another ten attempts were made, until the man deemed it unwise to start the car again for fear of draining the battery totally.
Fortunately, the road led downhill, so if the man turned the car around, he could bump start it. He very slowly heaved himself out of his vehicle and turned the car around, fell back into to it, and let it roll on down the hill. When it had gathered enough speed, he slipped the car into gear and let out the clutch; but nothing, and the car came to a shuddering halt. He repeated the attempt twice, but to no success. 
The car came to a halt outside the high gates of Racids property. No sooner had the very large man struggled to get out of the car to peer into the engine did the three guard hounds begin their ferocious, vocal assault towards the man and his Jack Russell. He carried on regardless, which only made the dogs create even more cacophony. The occupants of Racids property, Chrissy, Katherine, and Kevin quickly noticed the persistent barks, and all three thrust their heads to the window so as to determine the cause of such alarm. 
The arrival of the stranger and the dog in the car provided a highlight in their doleful existence.
Kevin was the first to run out and question the obese man, Whats wrong? the lad asked.
The car wont start. Ive tried to bump it, but even that wont do, replied the fat man.
What have you got in the car? inquired Kevin. 
The lad, in his defence, was never once in his life far from the field of stupidity. He had learnt that people were only on this earth to take from, but he didnt have the mental wherewithal to accomplish this learning successfully.
What do you want to know what Ive got in the car for? laughed the man.
Cause, came the reply.
For your knowledge, just so that you know, I havent got anything of any worth. But you may have something of worth to me, and I would pay for it, declared the stranger.
Upon hearing that the stranger would pay for it, Kevins eyes brightened with eagerness and he ran with purpose back towards the house. He had barely got to the door when he ran straight into his mother and daughter rushing out to see what the canine commotion was.
Theres a bloke outside, mam, whose cars broken down, and he says he will pay for it! he spluttered.
Pay for what? asked the mother.
I dont know, the boy stuttered back. Pay to bed her? and he pointed a grubby finger into the face of his sister and let out a ludicrous bawl of laughter. His sister slapped him playfully on the shoulder and laughed herself too.
Thats an idea, mused aloud the mother to the astonishment of her son, who ceased guffawing, and simply gawped at his mother.
His mother, however, shoved him aside and made her way with determined steps towards the stranger. Upon reaching the very large man, she shouted back at Kevin to chain up the dogs at the back, so that she could hear what the man wanted. This was very quickly accomplished. Upon reaching the stranger, Chrissy observed him very closely and thought to herself, What a fat bastard! He must have money, though, as the car is classy. 
When the dogs had been secured, Chrissy stepped towards the gate, unbolted the lock, opened the gate, and stepped closer towards the stranger. However, she halted sharply just in front of the large man on account of a quite powerful stink of sweat emanating from him and stretching out to all before him. 
Jeeze, thats strong, thought Chrissy; but in spite of the stink persevered with desire to see what might be had from the man before her. Why dont you push your car in the yard, and my husband will have a look at it when he gets back home? she asked of the stranger. By this time Kevin had joined his mother, and he too winced at the sweaty smell coming off the fat man.
I dont mind if I do. Will your son give me a push with the car? he enquired.
Kevin, get to the front of the car and push it backwards into the yard for the man, Chrissy ordered. Whereupon, the lad lazily walked to the front of the car and began to push until it was safely parked in the yard. 
The stranger, Chrissy, and her daughter, walked slowly into the yard. Both mother and daughter could smell a strong odour of alcohol clinging to the breath of the man. Chrissy quickly realised that a man stinking this strongly of alcohol couldnt be in full possession of his faculties, and her avaricious mind set to work on how she could exploit the situation financially. As they walked towards the house, she noticed the man did not only own a fancy car, but he was also dressed in most expensive attire, but the physical state of the man somehow hid this fact. Chrissy also noticed that the fat man looked long and hard at her daughter and held that look in his eye, which Chrissy knew all too well. It was with these two bits of information she compacted a plan to extract money off the stranger.
Chrissy Racids plan became even more exact when they reached the house. The man bent down to pick up his car keys hed just dropped. From out of his top pocket a wrap of white powder fell. Chrissy had never before seen crack cocaine, but by the look of alarm on the fat mans face, she knew that is what it must be. I see you are a lover of the white stuff, Mr. ?
Call me Paul.
I dont bother with it myself, but I dont mind if others have it. I only like a drink and a smoke, but Im afraid I dont have a drink in the house.
But I do have some lager in the car, Mrs .?
Call me Chrissy. Have I to get Kevin to run and fetch it, Paul? she quickly asked.
The sooner the better, my dear, came the fat mans reply.
Kevin was dispatched at once, and within a few minutes, the beer was being shared at the kitchen table. The man, who by his manner was already drunk, began to consume even more quantities of alcohol whilst drawing lines of coke to augment the effect. He asked on a number of occasions for the Racids to join him, but each time was met with a polite refusal. 
An hour passed in this debauchery before Chrissy decided to unleash her stratagem, Do you like the look of my daughter, Paul? she asked in the most ingratiating manner.
I do, Chrissy. Shes a fine girl, he replied in between guzzling further quantities of alcohol and food, which had been placed before him.
Well, Paul, she likes you, and if you go upstairs and have a bath, you can join her in her bed if you want, she intimated to the obese man, who was now sweating profusely.
I wouldnt mind that at all, Chrissy. Are you sure you dont mind? he questioned.
No, no, Paul, I dont mind at all and neither does she, and Chrissy pointed with her thumb to her daughter, and bade her to run a bath and prepare her bed.
The fat man interjected, Dont fill the bath too much because when I lug in these guts, the water will leap out! and he laughed a hideous chuckle. Chrissy winced inwardly, but smiled outwardly.
In a short period of time the bath was ready. The fat man made his way with difficulty up the steps and into the bathroom. Chrissy made her daughter help the obese man to undress, whilst Kevin was made to support his large frame into the bath. Both children were then ordered by their mother to make sure the fat twat was scrubbed well to give my daughter one. 
Whilst all of this was enacted, the fat man continued to guzzle alcohol and eat various buns. Even when he was led into the daughters bedroom, he could not resist taking with him food and alcohol. 
When inside the girls bedroom, the door was shut; and whilst the daughter saw to her task, the mother and son saw to theirs. They quickly rummaged through the fat strangers clothes, holding their nostrils as far from the sweaty stench as they could; a few seconds later, the mission was accomplished in the shape of a fat, ripe wallet.
Chrissy despatched most of the contents of the wallet and hid the notes in her underwear. They then went back downstairs and waited for their fat guest to make his way back down to them. It wasnt long before they heard him waddling across the landing and down the steps. He stood at the bottom of the stairs completely naked and with a ten thousand beads of sweat glistening on his extra-large frame. Racids daughter followed.
Ive given him a good seeing to, mam, declared the girl.
She certainly has, Chrissy. I must pay you handsomely for the pleasure. Is there any lager left? he suddenly remembered.
Ive already taken payment, Paul. I hope you dont mind. Since you liked my daughter, why dont you come again, and well do it again? she questioned.
You neednt have taken payment, Chrissy, said the fat stranger, a little annoyed, I would have gladly paid for the pleasure of having your daughter; but enough of that, I must go and get a drink, some food, and some more drugs. Ive been thinking as well. I have a proposition for you, and he looked at Chrissy with all the drunken sobriety his alcoholic state could muster.
What? demanded Chrissy eagerly? Her two children also stopped what they were doing and listened to what the fat man had to say.
He began: Well, you have quite a deserted place here, Chrissy. Excellent for the prostitution business; if youre interested in such a profitable enterprise that is; and no, not you, or your daughter for that matter, but others. I could get hold of two Romanian girls, no older than eighteen. You could work them here. No one would know, and I would get the clients to pay you for having them. I would merely get freebies whenever I wanted them, and you would get the money off the clients at all the other times. What do you say? No one will know because its out of the way here, and who is going to say anything? I wont, and I dont think you will, and I know for a fact that those clients I introduce have more to lose than you, and so they wont utter a word. Now, Chrissy, what do you say? As he did so, he motioned, still naked, towards Chrissy. Ordinarily she would have stepped back from the gross man, but the thought of making money had distracted her mind completely.
How much in a week will the girls earn me?
At least 500 a week, came the prompt reply.
Chrissy gulped in greed, and for a moment seemed to stagger under the weight of the money.
Ill do it! she declared. My husband will agree; I know he will! she cried.
Yes, mam, he will, echoed her daughter.
Right, its settled. Ill be in touch. Can I have my clothes now?
The fat mans clothes were given him. He dressed, said his goodbyes, and went outside for the taxi that Kevin had rung earlier.
When Racid returned, he ordered Nicholas to grab some food and head straightaway for the outhouse where the lad slept. He then went inside the house. He was told everything about the events of the day, and upon hearing that his baby girl had earned 110, he chuckled, and gave her a lingering kiss on the lips, which always evoked jealousy on behalf of the mother and wife. Racid agreed that they must make most of the opportunity, and that it was their fate to be blessed by the visit of the fat man. 
Chrissy was the only one who harboured some reserve over the enterprise. Her jealousy compelled her to ask her husband outright, What happens, Gerard, if you only want to bed the Romanian whores, and not me, she whimpered.
Chrissy, dont worry, if I do have them, you can be there too, and join in if you like, and then youll know nothing funny will be going on; and that I wont be falling in love with them. You know I only love you and Katherine that way, dont you, he stated.
Im not bothered about you making love to our daughter, because thats family, but I dont want you leaving me and her out, and spending all your time loving them, she cried.
Ive told you, I wont, Chrissy.
I know you wont now because Ill be there to make sure! and she giggled the most hideous sound imaginable.
Within three weeks the Racids property had been transformed. What had previously been no better than a hovel was now made over by very clean if not seedy dcor. The outside yard had remained the same, so as to divert attention away from the illegal practice employed within the detached house. 
One Romanian girl of sixteen and a Bulgarian girl of fifteen years were brought into Racids home under the cover of dark. Paul, the obese man, advised the Racids in every detail as to how to run their new employment. The Racids took to this work with every manner of ease, and within a month, the brothel ran smoothly and brought the desired money into the greedy grasp of the Racids.

Chapter 17

The couple named their child Lisaveta and the entire village adored her. As she grew, Natasha and Mikhail nurtured in her a complete moral wholesomeness of mind and soul. They taught the young girl how to laugh when times were hard; if the winter was particularly cold and bitter, Mikhail would ask of his daughter, Now what can we learn from this devilish cold, my little dear? If the vegetables in the garden didnt flourish, Lisas mother would ask her daughter, What learning is there in this, my little one? With every hardship the parents attached a form of learning for Lisa. As she grew to the age of eleven, she was accomplished in dealing with most kinds of common hardship. She had developed a strong, earthy resilience to deal with misfortune. Days after her 11th birthday though, an event caused Lisa to call on those moral reserves.
Mikhail had been working in the fields since early morning. Although he was now 61, he was still strong and could satisfy his manager that he could still do his job; but on this autumn day, he suddenly felt very tired, unable to complete the work set him. He thought a cold had got hold of his health. He walked heavily back to the managers office, knocked deliberately on the door, and walked in.
Hello, Mikhail, youre early; finished already? At 61 you can still do a better days work than the younger ones! he declared.
I wish I could, Ivan, but not today. Ill have to finish early. I think Ive got a virus of some sort. Ive felt it coming on for the last few days. Thought I might have shrugged it off, but it wont go. Ill have to take a couple of days off and get rid of it, Ivan, if thats ok?
Sure, Mikhail! Take a couple of year off for me! he replied laughing. You take however much time you need to get over it. Well survive. Now get yourself off home, and let Natasha and that beautiful daughter of yours look after you.
Ivan saw Mikhail to the door and watched as he walked slowly down the lane. Ivan noticed for the first time that Mikhails gait was not as steady and strong as he had always known it, and his shoulders, normally angular and raised to the skies, were huddled and downcast. He realized at once Mikhail really was ill.
It took longer than normal for Mikhail to walk the half mile or so home. By the time he reached the cottage, he was exhausted. He opened the door. Lisa ran to meet him. She noticed at once the pain on her fathers face.
What is the matter, father? You dont look well. She grabbed hold of his hand.
Oh, its nothing, my little darling. Its just a pesky cold thatll go in a couple of days.
Natasha entered the room and looked towards her husband. I told you to wear that extra jumper now that the cold air is drawing in, didnt I, Mikhail.
Yes, you were right, Natasha, and he fell into a chair by the fire.
Father, tell me what youve been doing today at work?
Mikhail did not have time to answer the question; he had barely sat in the chair before he was sick. Lisaveta jumped back a little and shouted, Mother! Fathers being sick!
Natasha quickly grabbed a basin and ran over to her husband. Before she could thrust the basin under Mikhails head, he convulsed again. Blood could be clearly seen in the vomit. 
Lisa began to cry.
Go and get the doctor, Ivan Nikoforovich, Lisa, quickly. 
Lisa jumped up and flew out of the house. Natasha deftly placed the basin under her husbands mouth and asked, How do you feel, Mikhail?
He convulsed again and blood ran from his nose before answering, It feels worse than a cold, Natasha. Im scared.
It was not long before Ivan Nikoforovich arrived at the cottage. He took one look at the patient, the rapidly deteriorating state of him and at the blood and vomit in the basin. He ushered Natasha to one side and told her that Mikhail must be taken to the hospital at once. 
Transport was provided, and Lisas father was taken to the hospital in Pravdinsk. Diagnosis was delivered within days. Mikhail had a virulent strain of stomach cancer, advanced to such a state that no medication or surgery would help. 
Within the week, the constant loss of fluids saw Mikhail deteriorate from 14 stone to a mere 9 stone. He was admitted into hospital on the Monday, and by the Friday he was near death.
Lisaveta had seen her father only twice during that time. Neither Natasha nor Mikhail wanted their child to see him in that sick and dying state; but in the end, Mikhail called out to his wife, Bring me my daughter, Natasha.
Do you think it best, Mikhail?
Yes, yes I do.
Natasha rose from the chair at the side of her husbands bed and made her way to the visitors room.
Lisaveta, your father wishes to see you. 
Lisa looked up from the deep thoughts holding her.
She got to her feet obediently and followed her mother to the cancer ward. 
As they walked along the corridor to the dying husband and father, Natasha became aware of something strange, which made her look down at her daughter. Lisaveta held tight her mothers hand, but not out of fear; it was as though she held it out of comfort and pity for the stricken woman. Natasha felt like it was she that was being consoled and led, and not her child; it was as though the child led the mother. 
When they arrived at the door, it was little Lisa who opened the door, and when they arrived at her fathers bedside, it was Lisa who presented the chair to her mother.
I know you are dying, father. I have known that from the day you were brought here, Lisa said.
With his face ashen and gaunt, Mikhail looked up. He raised his head and tried to speak, but the morphine silenced his words, and he fell back on the pillar, and there it rested; his yellow, blood stained eyes looked on his child.
Natasha began to weep.
I know, father, you will die soon. God will take you. God will then look after you. Didnt you always say that we have to welcome death as an end to life? 
As Lisa said these words, she reached out and lifted the right hand of her father. Mikhail looked up for the last time and gazed smilingly on the pair. 
Death was swift. Lisa felt the life leave her fathers hand. She placed it on his breast and leant over to kiss his cheek. She then turned to Natasha, Mother, are you going to kiss father for the last time?
At which Natasha leaned across the bed and held her husbands corpse in a loving embrace. When she had finished, Lisa led her mother away from the bed and out of the hospital.
The funeral took place in Chistoya four days later. Everyone in the village attended and presented their condolences to Natasha and Lisa. Nadia had made sure that the day would pass off as well as could be. Gradually, as the afternoon fell towards evening, folk began to make their polite excuses and left. Only Nadia remained, but she too, finally, left the pair alone when she was satisfied that nothing else could be done.
Lisa, I dont think that I want to remain in Chistoya any longer, Natasha began. I know that I would find each day unbearable without your father. We have lived here all our lives; we ran about as children here, we courted here, we married here, we buried our parents here, and we were blessed with you here. All these experiences I did with your late father. No matter how hard I try to resolve my fortitude to deal with it, I know I cannot. I cannot live here without your father. We are going to leave Chistoya. Leaving is not a bad thing. I shall not harm anyone by my leaving; my friends will weep for me, and I will weep for them, for their happiness, and they for mine; but neither of us shall be harmed. I am not running away either. I am merely moving in the life I have been given. She paused and stroked her child on the head. Im going to ask you a question, and I want you to answer truthfully and not for my sake.
I will always answer your questions with truth, mother, Lisa replied.
I know you will, my sweet child; I know you will, and she smiled at her daughter and continued. Lisaveta, if you dont want to move from Chistoya, I will understand. We will stay here, and I will overcome my loss by having the love of you at the very core of my heart.
There was a pause before Lisa replied, We shall move to where you want us to go, mother. My first thought and care is you. It is not me, nor ever has been for me.
Natasha pulled her daughter towards her and sat her by her side on the little sofa. She held her fast in a mothers embrace.
Where shall we travel to, mother?
I have a sister, Katya, who has written to say that we can live with her. She has assured me she can secure me work at the local plant where she is employed, which is some large, modern electricity producing plant.
But what village or town is it, mother?
Chernobyl. Were going to Chernobyl in the Ukraine.

Chapter 18

The Bulgarian and Romanian girls were kept for just over a year when Racid noticed that his clients began to miss every other week; a couple of weeks later they ceased to attend the Racids at all. Racid sat down with his wife and family and enquired why this should be so. None of them could determine the cause for the loss of interest in the girls. Paul, the fat man, hadnt attended the Racids for over a fortnight, even though he was granted free passage unto the two girls. Finally, Chrissy urged Racid to phone the fat man, and find out what the problem could be. They had received only 500 for the whole of the last month when previously they would have received that amount in under a week.
Racid picked up the phone and began to ring the obese Paul. His wife and children sat nervously together on the sofa, whilst the two young girls were locked upstairs as was the custom during the day, so that they couldnt escape, even though any attempt would be met by being ripped to pieces by the dogs in the yard.
Hello, is that you, Paul? asked Racid, when the phone was answered.
Whos that? came the reply.
Its me, Racid.
Oh, you. What do you want?
I wondered if you could call round, Paul. I need to chat about something, implored Racid.
Youre not in any bother are you, Racid? came the quick retort.
No, nothing like that. I need some advice.
Alright, Ill call around tomorrow night. 
The following night the fat man arrived at the Racids. He was first treated to copious amounts of food and strong lager and then encouraged to indulge his lust upon both of the girls upstairs. When this welcome was over, Racid asked the man to join him, his wife, and children in the kitchen.
What we want to know, Paul, is why our clients have dried up, and why dont they come here anymore? Racid inquired with purpose.
Is that all you want to want to know, Racid, and the fat man laughed heartily, whilst raising a large glass of beer to his mouth to wash down an unusually large doughnut, which Chrissy had bought especially for him. I can answer that quite simply, Racid, the bloated Paul replied. 
Both husband, wife, and their children waited with charged expectancy.
Your girls are past their shagging date! and once again the fat man at the table fell into a fit of laughing; but this time a cough prevented him stuffing his face at the same time.
Do you mean they dont want to shag them anymore? exclaimed Racid.
Youve hit the nail on the head, Racid! and the fat man banged his fist on the table. You need to change your merchandise, and get some new girls. Ill give you the number of someone in London who will take the pair off your hands for 2000, but you will have to take them to London. When youve done that, Ill give you the name of another fellow wholl be able to get you Russian girls for 5000 each. The fat man leant forward after divulging this information and stared hard at Racid and his wife.
How much? Racid started.
5000 each.
Chrissy interjected, But we dont have that sort of money, she cried. Although the Racids had three times that amount.
I can lend you the money, Racid, offered Paul, but I want the money back within two months, and after that, I get freebies whenever, he demanded.
Racid looked at his wife and she nodded; the children, noticing their mother nodding, added their nods too; then Racid nodded, so that all the Racids nodded. The deal was struck. Three Russian girls were to be bought and the existing girls sold to a London concern.

Chapter 19

Preparations for the journey to Chernobyl took a couple of weeks. First Natasha had to secure travel permits from the local Soviet Commissioner, which took eight days. Ten years earlier it would not have been possible for Natasha to move so easily, but Gorbachevs social and economic reforms of Glasnost and Perestroika had loosened up personal freedom, so that it became easier to seek better paid work for Soviet citizens.
The journey to Chernobyl from Chistoya was 700 miles. They set off at 5am on a cold, Saturday morning. They made the whole journey by bus, since it was cheaper. They travelled through Nizny Novgorod and then on to Kiev; at Kiev, they changed buses and made their way to Chernobyl.
They arrived at Chernobyl at 7 o clock in the evening. They had to take the last bus to the small industrial town of Kopachi, in the Raion District, where her sister lived with her family. The hour was 10 o clock when they reached the small townhouse of Katyas.
Katya realised at once that Natasha and Lisa were worn out, and that Natasha still wore the veil of mourning in her face, so after initial acquaintances were made between the two families, Katya quickly ushered her sister and niece to their new place of residence.
Natasha and her daughter slept soundly and awoke at six o clock the next morning. Katya and her husband, Ilyas, were already awake and greeted them warmly.
Its so nice to see you again, Natasha. I was deeply sorry to hear of Mikhail. He really was such a decent, upright fellow.
I know he was, Ilyas. Thank you. and she kissed him warmly on the cheek. 
My! What a beautiful girl you are, Ilyas exclaimed as he looked down at Lisa. And what is your name?
Lisaveta; and you must be my uncle, Ilyas.
Yes, I am. How polite and well-spoken you are. You and Mikhail have brought her up well, Natasha.
Oh! It wasnt difficult. Sometimes we felt as though it was she that instilled good morals in us, and not the other way round. She is such a natural in understanding good things in life.
Better to understand the virtues of life, Ilyas replied, than to adopt the vices in life.
What is vice? asked Lisa inquisitively.
Vice is bad. It is the opposite of virtue. When you are morally good, you do not do bad things, Lisa, but when you do bad deeds, which causes harm to others, and then it is a vice, Natasha interjected.
Why would someone want to do harm to another person, mother?
My little girl, you do ask hard questions, dont you? Ilyas cried.
I dont really know why people do bad things to each other, Lisa. I think they do it because they only think about themselves and not the feelings of others, dear, replied Natasha.
Natasha, Katya is going to show you around Kopachi this morning. Tomorrow, you will accompany me to the plant, and Ill introduce you to Anya, who runs the uniform station where you will be working.
What kind of a plant is it? asked Natasha.
Its a nuclear power plant. It has replaced the old coal driven plants that were here. It helps to provide huge amounts of electricity for the Soviet Union. The plant has generated lots of employment and the pay and conditions are good too, stated Ilyas.
Then Im sure we are going to be fine, added Natasha. They then left the townhouse with Katya and took the tour around Kopachi.
For the next couple of years, Natasha worked and Lisa studied; both lived happily at Kopachi. They got on well with Katya and Ilyas, and became friends with many of the citizens of town.
Natasha easily managed the tasks her job demanded. She would repair uniforms, tablecloths, etc. at the power plant. Ilyas worked as a mechanic in the transport section, and his wife Katya worked in the canteen.
Lisa did very well at intermediate school and earned a scholarship in Chernobyl. She no longer had to attend the local school in Kopachi. She would wake up a 5 o clock in the morning with her mother, aunt, and uncle, and diligently help them all to prepare for work. At seven, she would set off for the bus, which would take her to Chernobyl about seven and a half miles away.
At school Lisa surpassed all aspects of learning. There was no study she found difficult; she easily understood the concepts of new learning methods. Her classmates recognised the ease with which she undertook her studies. The classmates didnt really much care for Lisa, considering her an outsider and envious of her talents. They kept their distance and formed friends with others of similar abilities. However, they did not bully Lisa, on account of her difference, but neither did they accept her as a friend. Eventually, after a year of Lisa joining the Institute, the children barely knew she was there. One occasion, however, caused her teacher a little concern. Lisa had accidentally picked up the wrong pencil case. The true owner of the pencil case had noticed this and quickly took action, Youve pinched my pencil case! she screamed at Lisa.
Lisa turned around calmly, and without fear answered, I would never steal.
Then why is my pencil case in your satchel? and the girl grabbed Lisas satchel and produced the pencil case to the astonished onlookers.
Im afraid I must have put the case in my satchel by mistake, Katerina. I am so sorry. I didnt mean it. Please accept my apologies, implored Lisa.
No, I wont, bitch!
The teacher had by this time noticed the altercation and intervened, Katerina, that will do! he shouted. If Lisa has taken your pencil case, then it was by accident and not through wanting to steal it. Now, any more of these shameful allegations from you to her, and you will be severely dealt with. Now go to your next class, and I do not want to hear any more of the matter. He clapped his hands loudly and the girls ran to the door and out of it. Only Lisa remained. You wont hear any more of the matter, Lisa, and if one of those girls, in particular Katerina, says anything bad to you, you are to let me know of it straightaway. Do you understand, Lisa?
Yes! I understand, answered Lisa. But why does Katerina think badly of me. What would make the girl think badly of me for? I have never done anything bad, and she knows it; so why does she think in her head and heart that I could be capable of committing a bad deed?
Some people are like that, Lisa?
Like what?
They think badly of others.
But why do they think badly of others? Where does the thought come from in the first place?
The schoolmaster thought and then looked down at the teenage girl. Finding the question too difficult a subject to respond to, he shrugged his shoulders and said, Its just how they are. Now, you run along, or youll be late for your next lesson. 
As Lisa walked towards the door, through it onto the corridor, and disappeared down it, the schoolmaster thought how terribly naive the teenage girl was to the badness that existed in the world. He could discern in the girl an unparalleled understanding of virtue, but virtually no understanding of vice and immorality. Her parents have taught their daughter about everything that is morally good, but forgot to explain the opposite of what is immorally bad about being bad; they havent taught the girl about badness. As he gently pushed each chair behind its appropriate desk, he wondered how someone with such a one-sided comprehension and empiricism could cope in world where vice would present itself at every turning.
At the beginning of the year 1986, Lisa brought a letter home with her from the Institute of Learning she attended in Chistoya. The letter requested permission for Lisa - who was now fifteen  to visit the esteemed College of Leningrad for interviews for enrolment at the end of April. Natasha was delighted and overcome with emotion; her aunt and uncle fought each other to embrace the girl. If your poor father could see you now, Lisaveta. How proud he would be.
From what I can remember, mother, father was not a proud man, more of a humble one. He would have been happy for his daughter to do well, but he would not have been proud. He was beyond pride, mama, and she laughed warmly as she grabbed her mothers hands.
Youre right, Lisa! I feel you knew your father better than I.
Preparations were made for Lisas visit to the magnificent city. Lisa was to travel there and stay with an uncle, uncle Maslak, from her fathers side. Not much was known of this uncle. Lisas dad had kept in touch with him through letters, but that was all. When Natasha heard of Lisas selection for Leningrad, she sent a letter to her brother in law.

Dear Maslak,
I hope you are as well and in good health.
Lisa has been accepted for interview at Leningrads esteemed College. She will be visiting for interview on April the 26th of this year. I am unable to secure release from my employment here in Chernobyl and therefore cannot accompany my little girl. 
Can you confirm you can meet her off the train - I will send times etc. - and make sure she is safe and well cared for whilst she is there?
I have no other choice and am relying on you, dear Maslak. Please say yes.
I look forward to hearing from you.
With thanks, your sister in law, 
Natasha.

Maslak read the letter and twirled his goaty, grey beard between his finger and thumb. Well, well, well. he uttered. Lets see you then, my little niece. With feverish hands he wrote back and confirmed the visit.

Chapter 20

In 1992, an Asian man in his fifties sat in a very comfy chair preening his grey whiskers. Previously he had been a successful businessman, but an act of shame had meant he had to leave his adopted city, Leeds, and move to Preston. Upon arrival in Preston, he fell immediately into a life of comfort. He had made enough money to forget about work, and since he had no family, as he deemed them too much like hard work, he leisurely descended into more lethargy, and within a short space of time did absolutely nothing with his life. The only time the Asian man left his house was to go shopping, and this task and effort he hated. Eventually even that task became unbearable, and he had his victuals and other such means delivered.
Upon one such Tuesday morning a large blue van without writing on the side pulled up outside the Asian mans abode. The driver got out, a huge figure of a man, and with a leisurely manner strolled over to the gate of number 4 Belton Avenue and rapped upon the door. A few moments passed before the Asian man opened the door.
Ah, good morning, Sir. I believe youve ordered some food from Tescos, stated the large man in the doorway.
No, I only use Morrisons, the Asian man replied. Are you sure you have the right address?
I think so, muttered the man, flipping though some papers attached to a clip board, This is number 4 Belton Avenue, isnt it?
It is. Look, said the Asian man, and he turned his head upwards towards the wall at the side of the door and pointed to the number 4 plate attached to the wall.
The man did not look though. He merely pushed the Asian man into his own home with some considerable force, and then followed him in and slammed the door shut.
 The Asian man had barely hit the carpeted floor, before the man pounced upon him, and taking from his pocket a handkerchief, he placed it over the shocked mans mouth. Seconds later the man was unconscious. The delivery man slowly opened the door to the small garden outside; he looked around to check that the coast was clear and stepped out of the house, but did not shut the door behind him, and set off towards the van. Before he reached the van, he opened the metal gates leading to the front garden. Once this was done, he got in the van, and began to reverse it back into the garden, parking the back end of the unmarked van just before the front door of the house. He got out, looked around in a matter of fact fashion, and made his way to the back of the van and the door of the house. He went back into the house and began to drag the Asian mans body towards the door and out into the van. Once in the van, he wrapped the mans body in some old rags and then slammed the door shut. The house door was then closed; the van pulled out of the garden, the gates closed, and finally, the unmarked van slowly drove away.
The road above Hawes in the Yorkshire Dales was unnaturally quiet on this cold, spring morning. It was just before dawn when a car pulled up upon the highest road in the Yorkshire Dales. The road had been selected because it was known that no traffic used the pass at this time in the morning. Only the milk wagon, and that had already gone, and the driver knew the chances of another vehicle driving along the pass were extremely improbable. 
In the boot of the car a man shuffled about. He had been shuffling around now for over an hour whilst the car was driving. The driver of the car sat there upon that high hill and road and simply gazed out in an easterly direction, waiting for the sun to wink over the horizon. He didnt have long to wait as the first tentative spring rays ventured across that green landscape. Another ten minutes and the light was now deemed sufficient by the stranger.
He got out of the car and headed for the boot. Once there he opened it and reached inside and unzipped a large bag, which held the wriggling and shuffling man inside. He peeled off the bag, and helped an Asian man out of it. He then began to speak: Do you remember the Racids, Mohammed? asked the man.
Mohammed gave a shudder hearing his name called. He stared with glaring eyes up at the stranger. After a moments pause he replied, Nono. I dont think I do. His voice trembled.
I know you do, Mohammed.
I was going to take you to a pit I know of, but you dont deserve even that, Mohammed, do you? 
Mohammed turned white as the stranger hooked the straps attached to Mohammeds body to the rear of the car. He whimpered as the process was being enacted, but to no avail.
The stranger jumped in the car and began to drive down the steep hill road, slowly at first, and then faster. Mohammed ran to keep apace of the speeding car, but as it accelerated his lazy legs could not keep up with the effort. They buckled. His knees were the first to feel the hard tarmac, made harder by the cold. His knee-caps were simply ripped from their moorings. The car then suddenly stopped and the driver got out, walked toward Mohammed groaning in agony on the tarmac, and poured acid on to his scalp. This will make you wriggle a bit more, he said. The man then returned and got back into the car and drove off again.
As the car accelerated, Mohammed felt the flesh from his thighs sticking to the road. As his body turned, the bones of his ankles were ground down, until they existed no longer. Finally, the pain was too much to bear, and he could no longer lift his lower limbs to bear the pull, and his stomach hit the floor. The jacket took the scraping, but not for long, that shredded away quickly, and his stomach began to be shredded by the road. Mohammeds head was the final part of his body to be taken by the road. The left side of his face went in a couple of seconds, and the rest shortly afterwards. Before hed reached the bottom of the road, all that was left of Mohammeds body were some fleshy shreds of what had been. The car pulled up, the occupant got out, went to back of the car, cut the straps, returned to the car and drove away.

Chapter 21

On April the 25th, Ilyas had managed to persuade his manager to lend him his car for the morning. At 9 o clock, he drove up to the front door of the house and tooted the horn lightly. He then jumped out quickly to assist the baggage. The front door opened and Katya emerged with a medium suitcase followed by Natasha carrying a bunch of little, loose flowers. Lisa was the last to leave the property. Her mother had made her a special outfit for the occasion. Lisa complimented it beautifully. 
You are beautiful, Lisa. What a beauty you are! declared Ilyas. In the days of the Tsar, all the princes would be clamouring to engage your beauty in a tuneful dance at the ball!
Katya gave her husband a loving shove in the ribs and added, You will turn every young gentlemans head when you walk down the Nevsky in Leningrad and hold every fellows eye that walks by the Neva!
Natasha took two steps towards her daughter, raised her opened palms, and clasped her daughters flushed cheeks in them. Lisa, you have made me so happy, and would have made your father happier still. I wont waste words in wishing you to do well, because I know you will do well. All I will say is that your journey and learning make you as happy as I am now.
Natashas old eyes welled up in tears. She grabbed hold of her daughter and held her tightly. After a moment, she cried, Look at me, Im dropping tears all over your nice clothes! Youd think we werent going to see you again! 
Natasha ushered her daughter into the car. Ilyas got into the drivers side and started the engine; Katya stood at a distance, and Natasha leant towards the open window. 
I love you mother, as I have loved father, as I have loved all those that I have met! she spoke in gentle words. I will love you always. You will stay in my love forever!
Right, lets go! shouted Ilyas, and as he did so, the car moved slowly away from the pavement and down the town road. Lisa hung out of the window, gazing at her mother. The car gradually disappeared. 
Natasha stood still and gazed towards the ground. Her daughters words, I love you mother, as I have loved father, as I have loved all those that I have met! I will love you always. You will stay in my love forever! rang strangely in her ears. Katya took her by the arm and led her into the house and closed the door.
The journey to Leningrad took Lisa nearly twenty hours. Although the train journey was uncomfortable, it did afford some time for Lisa to catch much needed sleep. She arrived in Leningrad train station in the late afternoon. She had never met her uncle, but was informed he would be displaying in the station reception area a piece of card with her name on. Once she had alighted the train and passed through checkout, she began with eagerness to search for him.
Maslak had already seen her, but he didnt raise up his card immediately; he continued to stare at her. After a short while, he lifted the card so that the girl could see. Lisa saw the card at once, but not the holder, who was slightly hidden by a crowd of people and the board he was holding.
Uncle Maslak! Lisa shouted, and she ran over to where the board was raised.
Lisa was just about to press her way between the throng of people when Maslak emerged. She halted, a little startled. 
I bet you thought I was going to look like your father, Lisa, like my older brother, Mikhail, didnt you?
Lisa had indeed wondered on the train what her uncle would look like. She harboured hopes that he would hold similar looks and physique to that of her late father. But, before her now, there stood a rather peculiar man in his mid-fifties, fat, not very tall, and with a few strands of white hair protruding from his pink head; a triangular and scraggy, grey beard fell from his chin, brown at the top from tobacco smoke. His red eyes, although small, appeared to bulge and gawp before him. His attire was dishevelled, threadbare, and carried a strong odour of alcohol with it.
Lisa swallowed, Hello, uncle Maslak. Im Lisa.
I know you are. How delicious you look too. Come, weve no time to waste.
Maslak grabbed hold of Lisas bags and took hold of her hand and began to make haste out of the station. Lisa scurried on behind. 
Before long they arrived at Maslaks abode, if thats what you could call his apartment. The stairwell stank of urine; on the way up the steps a drunk lay prostrate, vomit across his chest, and his pants soiled with excrement. Lisa couldnt help but to convulse.
Dont worry about them, Lisa; well be in the apartment before you can say, Boo!
They climbed one more set of stairs, stepped onto a landing, when Maslak turned, looked down at Lisa, and said, Were here, my little, lovely niece. He pulled a key out of his pocket, unlocked the dirty door, which creaked open, and with a little pull and shove, he shuffled and gathered Lisa into the apartment, and then he slammed shut the door.
Maslak squeezed his niece, Lisa, out of the hallway and into his bedroom.
You can have my bed, my luscious niece, he drooled.
Lisa began to tremble involuntarily. The bed stunk of sweat, alcohol, damp, and bodily fluids. Two dirty slippers sat in front of it as if waiting for their master, and a large pair of soiled y-fronts were crumpled next to them.
If you want to get undressed now and get into bed, little Lisa darling, I dont mind; youve had a hard day, and you must be very tired. I wont look when you undress and take off your knickers, I promise, and he pulled a dirty hand across his face, parting the fingers in scissor fashion to reveal two pink, staring eyes. He chuckled and then turned round.
Maslaks lurid plan was nearly complete, Ill switch on the television set to give us a bit of sound. The neighbours do like to listen in these crowded apartments, he squeaked.
Lisa stood in horror, not knowing what was about to happen, but sensing something dreadful. The television, however, both saved her, and condemned her.
It is not known, as yet, how many people have been killed in the blast at Chernobyls Number 4 Reactor, but those working on the plant wouldnt have had a chance of survival.
Mama, Lisa uttered.
What? Maslak muttered, turning round and looking somewhat confused.
Mama worked at the side of Number 4 Reactor. She was working there today.
Maslak turned from Lisa and stared at the news report.
If anyone did survive the initial blast, they would be almost certainly dead by now though: Acute radioactive exposure - (A.R.E.) - would kill them.
Mama is dead. I know, stuttered Lisa, walking forward towards the television, and standing beside Maslak. A phone outside the apartment rang.
Maslak looked towards Lisa and the door.
Answer it, uncle Maslak.
Maslak, like one stunned, walked across the hallway, opened the door, and reached for the communal phone on the wall. He listened for a couple of seconds, then turned, and offered the phone to Lisa. Its your aunt, Lisa. She wants to talk to you.
Lisa walked out of the apartment and took the phone.
Lisa, your mother is dead, spoke Katya softly, but with trouble. Uncle Ilyas is dead too, and I have radiation in me. I think I will die soon. Im sorry. Lisa heard her aunt vomit and cry out in pain. Lisa, put your uncle on; I need to speak to him.
Lisa handed the phone to him.
Maslak, look after Lisa. Im dying. Make sure she comes to no harm. She has no one else now but you. There was another silence before vomiting and shouts of pain were heard. The phone went dead.
Katya did not see out the day and died along with her husband and sister, Lisas mother, in the Chernobyl nuclear disaster.
Sleep in the spare bedroom, muttered Maslak to Lisa without turning around. Ill shout you at six. Well sort something out then. Maslak then left the apartment and didnt arrive back until six in the morning.

Chapter 22

When Maslak left the apartment, he wandered around the streets for some considerable time. He thought hard over what he was to do now. He knew Lisa couldnt go back to Chernobyl as the city was now closed down and abandoned because of the radiation leak, and he knew Lisa had no one else, no other relative to care for her now that she had lost her father, mother, aunt and uncle. He remembered his intended action earlier that evening, shuddered to himself, and felt repulsed.
I must have a drink; I cannot think, he blurted out.
The streets around his apartment were somewhat deserted now in the mid of night; only the street lamps lit the gloom which had descended upon the city. Maslak moved on like a shadow in the night. At length, he came upon a red sign advertising a tavern, The Laughing Lamb. The tavern was down some steps.
Strange, Ive never noticed this place before, thought Maslak.
He stood for a few moments before disappearing down into the bar. As he opened the door, a wall of smoke rushed out and enveloped him like a mist. He stepped in and closed the door behind him. 
Cheap music clattered through the smoke filled room. Maslak took a couple of seconds to view the place. The bar was at the opposite end, and leading to it were a few stray characters sat down on either side staring at him. All chatter had ceased. Maslak lowered his head and with purpose made for the bar. All eyes followed each of his steps.
What can I get you? the barman asked.
A large vodka. Thanks.
Maslak noticed the chatter among the characters had resumed and he turned to find a place to sit and drink. He scanned the tavern cautiously, noticing several groups of people and a couple of men sat on their own. He wanted to avoid a raucous group of people to the left of him and chose instead to sit on the opposite side, just a few feet away from a stranger, who sat on his own. 
When Maslak sat down, the stranger stood up, stared at Maslak and strode towards the bar.
A vodka, the man hissed, and placed his spirit glass on the bar very softly, but also in a disturbed manner. The barman quickly noticed the extreme anxiety written into the lowered brows of the man in front of him. He quickly took the mans glass and hummed a tune out of his own nervousness to break the disquiet of the silence. The spirit was poured into the glass; the faint trickles of liquid as they fell into the glass were magnified in the thick atmosphere. The man paid for the drink with the exact amount of money and returned with deliberate steps to his seat and sat down.
Maslak hated the place and was about to drain his glass and leave when the man leant across to him and growled, You can smell the drunken air around them all; you can feel their foulness, and see it clinging to their skin.
Maslak stared, unable to move.
Across from where Maslak and the stranger sat, there were two men and a woman, who had been drinking since midday, and who were all now clearly drunk. Their raucous clamour split the thick air of the tavern. One of the men suddenly bent over and released vomit all over the tavern floor. 
Oh, you dirty bastard! the woman shrieked. Poddys spewed up! She then fell into a state of hysterical laughter and spurted out a mouthful of beer in a spray that caught the subdued light.
Maslak and stranger couldnt help but look at the drunken spectacle.
The man who had been sick pulled his hands from his face and flung to the floor vomit that was still hanging from them. He then wiped his face quickly. He looked up and noticed the two men opposite watching him. He stared at them until an angry grimace creased his drunken face.
Maslak quickly looked away, but the stranger carried on staring.
Whos that twat looking at? demanded the drunk with sick still on his face.
The three drunken partners cast their stare in the direction of the man opposite them. The stranger did not flinch, nor avert his stare, but like an animal intensified his glare.
Yeh, who is he looking at? the woman slurred.
Go, give him a dig, Poddy, urged his companion.
Poddy rose to his feet with purpose and made way his way towards the stranger and Maslak. 
Maslak gulped.
The drunk stopped in front of the table. 
Who the hell are you looking at? he stammered.
The other drunk stood up, encouraged by his drunken friends boldness, and made his way, too, to the table.
Slam him, Poddy! Smash the bastards face in! Glass the twat! he screamed.
However, before the drunk could grab a glass from off the table, the stranger had beaten him to it; and with force rammed it into Poddys face. With the battered shards, the stranger shoved the remainder off the glass into the other drunks face. 
Screams and pandemonium ensured, The drunken woman stood up and was hysterical, violently flinging her arms about before falling over and banging her head against the edge of a table; the stranger, brandishing the last bits of the beer glass he had, was howling to all the tavern, Any other bastard want some?
By extraordinary stealth, Maslak had managed to sneak quickly round the back of the man and had made his way with utmost speed towards the door, which he almost fell out of in his haste to get out of there. He ran up the steps, and wheezing for air, set off in the direction of home.
Maslak had not passed a couple of streets before he was aware of footsteps tapping in the gloom behind him. He stopped and turned round.
Maslak, Ive been trying to catch up with you. I saw you leave The Laughing Lamb, and I wasnt far behind. Its a dump that place. Where are you off to now?
Maslak recognised an old acquaintance of his.
I didnt see you in there, Billy.
I was sat just behind the bar. I noticed it was you and was just about to come over to your table when the trouble kicked off with those nutters.
Yea, right.
Come on, Maslak, Ill take you to a good, quiet bar, and well have a drink.
I need one.
The two men crossed the deserted road and disappeared down a side street. Within a short space of time, they were sharing a bottle of vodka in small bar.
Not seen you for a while, Billy; what yer been up to?
Oh, this and that; trying to make a rouble where I can.
Tell me about it; Ive been skint for the last three years. Cant get any work.
I saw you earlier today coming out of the station with a gorgeous girl. Who is she? Billy enquired.
Shes my niece. 
Maslak was about to relate what had happened that day to Lisas mother, aunt, and uncle, but stopped himself. His acquaintance pressed on.
Is she living with you?
Yes, because her mother has a job travelling all over Russia and wants me to look after her, but I cant afford to keep her.
Errm, Billy pondered, and tapped gently his lower lip with his finger.
Well, Maslak, my old friend, let me buy us another bottle; Ive a proposition for you.
Billy ordered another bottle of vodka and cracked open the top, pouring himself and Maslak a generous glass each.
Whats the proposition, Billy? began Maslak.
Well, mate, Ive this friend who needs someone to go around and clean houses; stuff like that. He doesnt want to pay much and would much prefer a young girl rather than an old bat, whod want more money.
Okay, but whats in it for me? What do I get out of it?
Well, its a bit awkward. The only way you can be paid is to let her leave you and she can go and live with the friend and his family. Do you understand?
Maslak understood all too well what was intended for his niece, but the lure of making money supressed any concern for her. I dont really know Lisa anyway, he told himself, and I cant look after her. He thought back what he had intended on doing to Lisa that day. How much? he concluded.
Hang on, Maslak. How long will her mother be away, and is she likely to come demanding her back?
Oh, dont worry about her; shes a common slut, and will be probably be at it with someone in Vladivostok right now! he cried.
Then weve a deal, Maslak, my old friend. Cheers! and both men raised and toasted their fortunes.
How much do I get, and when do I get it? inquired Maslak.
Youll get 30,000 roubles when shes delivered and then shes off your hands.
By this time Maslak was over the edge of intoxication and readily agreed.
Best to get the thing sorted now, thought Billy. He might change his mind tomorrow when hes sober.
Billy stood up and said, Well go now, Maslak, and then its done. Is that okay?
For two drunks things were concluded pretty quickly. A phone call was made, and the two acquaintances left the bar and made their way to the apartment. Maslak went in, woke Lisa, and ordered her to get dressed quickly and to get her bags.
Where are we going, uncle Maslak?
Im going nowhere, but you are. Youre to go live with a family, wholl care for you. Quickly now; dont ask any more questions.
Lisa was bundled out of the apartment and into a waiting car. Maslak was paid his 30,000 roubles (500). He didnt bother to look at his niece as she was driven away and disappeared back into the apartment grasping his unexpected wealth.

Chapter 23

From leaving her uncle Maslaks apartment, Lisa was driven straight to the docks to the west of St. Petersburg. It was dark when they arrived at the port. Lisa was ordered out of the car and told to step onto the boat anchored in the harbour. Not knowing what else to do and confused as to what was happening, she did as she was told. On the boat eight young girls were stood on the deck, equally lost, frightened and shivering. 
Are they all on? growled a huge figure of man with a face severely weathered by both the Arctic and ill living.
Yes, Dave.
Right, get the girls downstairs, and lets get this journey underway. 
The terrified girls were unceremoniously bundled down a hatch before it was slammed shut.
The journey to England took over a week by the favoured smuggling sea route. From St. Petersburg the ship trawled through the cold waters of the Baltic. Their first journey took them through the Gulf of Finland and on to the Aland Islands. It was night when they arrived at Gotland. They then sailed the southern shores of the Swedish coast and onwards past the lands of Denmark to the south and the waters of Kattagat to the North. When the ship had reached the open waters of Skagerrak, to the south of Norway, a final exchange of human cargo was administered. An English trawler, registered from the port of Hull, took charge of the eight teenage girls in the choppy waters of the North Sea. The weather had become rough and the transfer of human cargo was not the easiest. At length, however, it was accomplished and the vessel made full haste to the Humber Estuary and the English port of Hull. 
Altogether the girls had travelled over 1500 miles and sailed in two fishing vessels and a small boat. The human smuggling operation was an extremely successful one. Each of the smugglers were paid well for their duties. They made more in the smuggling trade than they did from their fishing. The smugglers on the two fishing vessels were all true fishermen. That was their primary occupation; smuggling gave easy means to extra cash. The captain of each vessel would see his men right, and his men in turn would return their favour with their loyalty of tongue; very rare did a fisherman leave or change his job and venture to new work; and if they did, they always left on the best of terms. The operation had now survived into its 10th year, and there was no reason why it wouldnt reach another decade.
The final destination of Hull was always the hardest. At various chosen places along Spurn Point and the Humber Estuary, but never in the same place, a small fishing boat would draw alongside her larger counterpart, and the girls were then delivered to their charge on the smaller boat. Afterwards, the trawler would make its way to Grimsby and offload its cargo of fish. The smaller vessel would make its way to a smaller harbour, where the restrictions of who came and went were almost nil. On this particular occasion a very small strip concrete, which sloped into the sea besides Cleethorpes Beach was chosen.
No sooner had the small vessel come a stop than the girls were escorted off the vessel and into a two waiting work vans. Five of the girls were made to climb into the first van, which took them all to London, and the remaining three girls were pushed into the second van, which took them to Leeds and the Racids home. Lisa was in the van destined for the Racids. The girls were each made to wear clothing and hats to hide their long hair, so that they resembled young fishermen accompanying their elders back from a fishing trip. For over ten years no one had noticed the tactic and today was no different.
The van made its way carefully towards the M180 and on to the M62, then on to M1 and finally Leeds. The van turned off at the Beeston junction and then followed Dewsbury Road to the junction with the Parkside Industrial Estate and on to the Racids dwelling sitting to the south of the industrial estate. The occupants within the Racid household were waiting.
Everything ok? Racid enquired as the door opened.
Yes, no problemo at all, the driver of the van sniggered in reply.
Good. Bring them in then; hurry up!
The three girls were shoved into the old house. Although it looked dirty and uninviting from the outside, inside the building it was hygienic and of clean decoration.
They are a bevy of Russian beauties arent they? slurped Racid. If I had the money, Id have you for myself tonight!
Not without me joining in, you wouldnt Racid, his wife objected.
No, you would always be invited, love, and as he uttered these words, Racid turned round and kissed his wife quickly on the lips three times. 
After they had finished this monstrous display of affection, Racid shouted to the three girls, Right, you Russian sluts, get out of those rags and go upstairs and scrub yourselves in the bath. When you have done that, get into the clothes prepared for you. Now go!

Chapter 24

The two Russian girls and Lisa had been with the Racids for over six weeks before the gluttonous Paul came to visit and reap the carnal profits of his investment. He would have come sooner, but he had been rushed to hospital due to a bout of chronic indigestion. He was kept in a private care hospital for two weeks, which he had taken out sufficient insurance for. All tests were administered and the results relayed back to the patient, which were, if he wished to live another five years, he would have to change his lifestyle radically. He would have to diet, drink less, and cease taking drugs. Upon hearing the dreadful news, the patient declared with great solemnity, I might as well be dead! The doctor replied, That may be the case.
Upon Pauls release from hospital care, and barely an hour after, the man sat in a tavern eating a massive plate of stew and dumplings, whilst guzzling down pints of strong lager, only breaking the ritual to go into the gents to relieve himself and snort a line of cocaine.
It was mid-November when Paul arrived at the Racids. The Russian girls had all recovered their health after the night: Celebration of Russian Beauty. Lisa had been the last to recover, and this did not go unnoticed by Chrissy, who chastised the girl mercilessly because of their loss of income. Daily she would administer a beating upon the poor girl, but not so as allow any bruises to taint her skin, and thus, in the words of her husband, Make others think, theyve had a better time with the girl than they had.
On the day of his visit to the Racids, the obese Paul had been in a particularly jolly frame of mind. He had sold three of his properties whilst he had been in hospital and had made quite substantial profits on each. He aimed to celebrate by indulging every sense he could and, in the process, attempt to satiate his insatiable appetite. He had given Racid money to buy all manner of delicacies: ales and spirits, whilst he had brought drugs in abundance. He had also demanded all three girls be his for the night, which made Racid wince, but because that was the deal upon which the Racids had agreed when they borrowed the money off the fat man, and finding no other way out of the situation, they had to agree. The only consolation we have, he told his wife, is we can eat and drink all the food fatty brings. 
Paul arrived at seven in the evening. His expensive car drove up quietly to Racids property, now shrouded in the darkness of the autumnal night. Only the dogs heard the arrival, but they were quickly made to cease their incessant barking when Racid arrived out in the yard to unlock the gate and let the rather large visitor through them.
Racid noticed that Paul was already the worse the wear for drink and quickly thought of how he might take advantage of the situation financially, just as his wife had done all those months ago. He led the fat man into his house.
Inside Racids brothel, upon the settee and watching the television, were Katherine and Kevin. They barely looked up from the television set to greet their visitor.
Dont those kids of yours ever get out, Racid? enquired Paul.
They have everything here, so why would they want to go out and get beaten up? Racid answered.
The fat man thought for a moment upon the reply that Racid had offered, whilst looking intently at the two teenagers on the sofa, but then shrugged his shoulders and declared, Well then, let the party begin! He howled a peel of laughter to which Racids wife gave a cackle of compliance.
The dainties and alcohol were produced, and the children ordered to go into the bedroom and watch television there. They were encouraged to take up some food and ale, but not spirits or drugs. The son and daughter dutifully complied with the order. After they had retired to their bedroom, the three Russian girls were produced and introduced to the gross Paul.
Paul had asked for Racid and Chrissy to join him on this special occasion, and in honour of which, he would tip them handsomely. They readily agreed to do so. It soon became apparent to them both, however, why Paul had requested this; and it wasnt long before long he gave his design a vocal expression.
Ladies, gentleman, and girls, he declared, heaving himself to his feet. I have requested your presence this night to celebrate both my release from hospital and my selling some of my property at a mighty profit. As you know, I have a great liking for food, ale, spirits, and drugs; none of which I can do a day without. However, there is one problem: my fine frame is too large for it to be filled; no matter how much I take in, I can never be filled to the point of popping! He let out a weird giggle, which sent a tremor through his folds of fat.
He continued: This is where you can help, my friends. I cannot get enough food, drugs, and ale into my mouth fast enough. I want to pretend that I have two mouths: mine and one of your three beauties! and with this he pointed at the mouths of the three Russian girls. But you need to decide, which one of you it is going to be. I want you to decide, and not me, Racid, or you, his ever-adorable wife. Now which one of the girls do you think is going to volunteer? Girls, youve got a couple of minutes to decide who it is going to be. The fat man then walked over to the table, produced a line of coke, bent over, and snorted the full length of it.
For a couple of moments, the three Russian girls did not know what to do, although theyd acquired enough basic English to understand what the fat Englishman wanted. All were terrified. Racid and his wife sensed this and began to prod Natalya, whom they didnt really care for by the way she looked at them, to offer herself.
It was Lisa, however, noticing the stratagem Racid and his wife were employing, who intervened and offered herself.
Me, she let out.
The fat man swung round with a wild look upon his countenance upon hearing the girl declare, Me.
Before Racid and Chrissy could intervene, Paul had ushered the other two Russian girls out of the room, returned to the centre of the room, and shrieked, Let the satisfaction of the flesh begin!
What happened over the next hour and a half nearly ended the life of poor Lisa. Paul had become deranged by the copious amounts of drink, food, and drugs hed taken. His mental state had become totally detached of reason, and in its place resided something utterly awful and truly a manifestation of his gluttony.
The obese man began with the food and the dainty delicacies the Racids had bought him that day. He fairly shovelled the food into his mouth, whilst quaffing alcohol down simultaneously. Lisa was encouraged to do the same, and every time she hesitated to eat or drink, the Racids would administer unto her some harsh encouragement to make her adhere to the fat mans wishes.
As Paul rammed the food into his own mouth, his bulging and blood-shot eyes viewed Lisa putting food into her mouth, and this sent his narcotic laced and alcoholic induced being into a perfect frenzy, Ive beaten nature, he screamed like someone demented. Ive developed two mouths to feed my appetite! Praise the Lord!
Or the Devil, muttered Racid.
Get some more food and beer into my belly, Racid, thundered the fat man.
Racid and his wife quickly grabbed whatever available food and beer was at hand, and with Chrissy holding Lisa, Racid began to cram food and beer into the poor girls mouth. It wasnt long before her little stomach could not endure anymore victuals, and it rejected the amount already consumed. She vomited with such force that Racid, who was immediately in front of Lisa, caught the full force of the sickness; his wife too caught splashes of it on her arm.
You ungrateful bitch, Chrissy screamed at Lisa, whilst Racid slapped Lisa hard across her cheek.
Hey, thats my cheek, youve just slapped, Racid! screamed the fat man on drugs, and he fell into an intolerable fit of coughing.
Here, Racid, theres a clean shirt there.
Chrissy threw the clean shirt to her husband, whilst wiping the sickness off her own hand with a towel. Lisa was left to sit in her own vomit.
I dont think its wise to give the simple bitch anymore food, Paul, stated Racid as he pointed to the soiled state of Lisa.
It would only be a waste, added Chrissy, and I could use what food is left for Sunday and Monday, rather than buying any.
The fat man, however, was still trying to fit into his stomach more food, and as he did so, he stared at Lisa as though his mind cogitated hard about what to do next. When he had swallowed the last of the crispy pancake rolls and washed the bits down with a beer, he pushed his large body forward, clasped both hands on his knees and declared with a passion, Then let us have some drugs instead!
You know I dont take drugs or my lovely wife, Paul, and do you think it proper to give the bitch some. He thrust his thumb back over his shoulder and pointed at Lisa, who sat solemnly in the chair opposite the fat man. I mean, I dont want to have an addict on my hands, and I havent got the money to feed her habit; I dont want the thing running away.
She wont, Racid. Its ok if you only do it once; and remember, youll be well rewarded, and with this remark the obese man gestured with his finger and thumb, rubbing them slightly together to symbolise the accumulation of wealth, whilst at the same time winking horribly at both Rancid and his gawping wife at the side of him.
Well, I dont think once will do any harm, replied Racid turning his head towards his wife for acceptance.
Yea, I agree, and Paul is such a friend of ours, Racid, that it would be wrong in our house to deny his wish, added Chrissy. Will you pay us now, Paul, for all the food and alcohol? I know its not quite the right time, but you know how things become forgotten in the morning. With this last comment, she dropped a full countenance of show towards her husband.
Yes, Paul, I think its best if we settle up now, and then therell be no issues later? He looked toward the fat man in the chair and waited for a reply.
The fat man, however, was busy serving up his dish of drugs, but not so drunk or distracted to notice the Racids eagerness to relieve him of more money. Ordinarily, he might have resisted, but on this occasion he had become obsessed by the idea of having two bodies to take drugs, his and Lisas; and that by Lisa having cocaine, he would be having the drug twice. Such was the twisted reason of desire, drugs, and alcohol on the state of the mans mind.
Alright; here, pass me my jacket, ordered the fat man.
The jacked was promptly passed, and the money exchanged in a most business-like manner, with Lisa sat still on the chair, seemingly oblivious to what was going to happen next; although deep within her breast, a profound dread beat relentlessly against her young heart.
Racid made the preparations for the table upon which the drugs were to be taken; his wife passed her husband a cloth to clean the table and another to dry it.
Dont put the drugs on it yet, Paul, urged Chrissy as she stood above the small table. It isnt quite dry yet, and the powder will stick to it.
Yes, quite right, Chrissy, replied Paul and he hesitated for a minute.
How strange that minute was; there they were in the gloom of that rotten parlour: the glutton, the two truly awful creatures of Racid and his wife, and the poor girl, Lisa, all there in that room; there waiting in silence for the last molecules of vapour to ascend from off the table and disappear into the air, so that the monstrous act could continue.
There, it must be dry now, declared the glutton, and he ran his stubby finger across the surface of the wood to make assurance doubly sure. Yes, it most definitely is, he cried.
Chrissy made the identical act with her pointed finger and agreed with the fat man. Racid joined in and now all three stated that it was dry.
The white powder was released upon the wooden surface of the little table and meticulously prepared by the fat man. Many years of his had been spent in perfecting his fine art of drug preparation that it seemed almost natural to him. Whilst he made ready the drug, he constantly muttered to himself, I shall have four nostrils now to snort the stuff. Ive been born with four nostrils! and with each mutter, he let out a triumphant and yet thoroughly debauched snigger to himself.
Racid and his wife merely looked at each other and sniggered, whilst Lisa withdrew further into the chair into which she sat out of fear as to what would be about to happen next.
The fat man addressed Lisa, Come now, my second nose, and fill your nostrils with mine in celebration of the drug that will send my mind into the heaven of my choice, and he gestured to the Racids to bring Lisa nearer the table where the drug was laid out in a line and waiting to be consumed by the obese man and his hideous imagination.
Racid and his wife wasted no time in rushing the young girl up to the table. Racid yanked Lisa out of the chair, whilst his ever servient wife shuffled the chair forward too.
Now, dont resist, Lisa, you rotten slut, warned Chrissy. You know what you have to do it, and who knows you might like it, giggled the loathsome woman.
Lisa did indeed resist their attempt to drag her to drugs; but it was all in vain; nothing could have been done to stop the act that was about to be perpetrated upon her person. She knew all too well that resisting to sniff the white powdery substance would mean only a severe beating and a fortnight of misuse at the hands of Racid and his wife, and therefore, chained to this awful knowledge, she decided the best policy would be to let the evil people do to her what they would; she would endure it, and hopefully come through it. She barely survived the experience.
Bend down my second nose, the glutton urged in a sickening tone. He held out his hand, and between his fat index finger and his stubbly thumb, he pinched the nose of Lisa and drew it towards the line of coke. Racid and his wife stationed themselves just behind the poor girl, lest she resist again, but she didnt; she had resolved to endure the torment, and under such fortitude, she sniffed the white powder, knowing full well it would bode ill to her being.
Just as Lisa sniffed the powder, the glutton took his fill. He snorted a long line of coke as hard as his nostrils muster whilst fixing his bloodshot eyes across to Lisa, who had been made to do the same on the other side of the table.
Aint this just fantastic! he shouted, I have two noses snorting the elixir of life!
After drawing up his nostrils the last vestiges of powder on the table, he drew his head back violently. Lisa was only half way along her line of coke when Chrissy cried, Come on, you Russian slut; youre too slow, and she gave Lisa a forceful nudge to complete the awful act. There, shes done it, Paul! she exclaimed when Lisa had finished the line of drugs.
Dont you mean my other nose has finished the line, Chrissy, love? squealed the glutton.
Oh, yes, Paul; I forgot; how could I not remember that this thing here, she pointed with malice at Lisa, is none other than your nose! and she too let out a squeal of alcoholic laughter. Racid joined in the guffaw. Lisa simply stared hard in front of her.
Now, Racid, bring me in those other two girls; filling both my noses has given me a great sexual appetite, and that too must be satisfied, he declared.
But I thought you wanted this Russian girl, Paul? enquired Chrissy, somewhat perplexed.
I did too, echoed Racid.
I did, Chrissy, but having sex with her, would be tantamount to screwing my nose, would it not? and he let out such a roar of laughter the Racids felt compelled to accompany the dreadful display. He concluded, Anyway, look at the thing; shes dead to the world now. You can get rid of her as I only wanted the thing to be my second nose, so that I could get more drugs into my being, declared the addict nonchalantly. Bring the other two lasses and be quick about it, he added.
The Racids did as they were requested and lifted Lisa from out of the chair in which she was slumped and transported her upstairs and into the room where the girls were kept. There, she was chucked on the bed. The other two Russian girls were brought out and sent downstairs to entertain the glutton.
Do you think shell be ok, Racid? asked Chrissy with urgency, As we dont want to lose this bitch; she brings in the most money.
She better not let us down, Chrissy. We paid enough money for it, and weve only just started to make a profit on her, and with this he slapped hard Lisas unconscious face as she lay on the bed. The Racids then walked towards the door, opened it, and left Lisa alone in the room with only herself to deal with the drugs now swarming within her mind and body.
Although Lisas mind was unconscious, she later recalled how her soul was alive to the experience, and how her soul dealt with the dreadful hallucinations and strange visitations which came to her mind.

Chapter 25

Lisa felt as though she was lifted from the mortal substance of her body and mind, just as the soul is supposed to rise from the mortal frame and its abode at the point of death. She rose above her room and house and into the ethereal heavens above.
It was night and the whole firmament was wrapped in an everlasting darkness, only broken by the millions of stars spangling the breadth of Heaven. Among the backdrop of this spectacle, Lisa was transported beyond the present, and strangely, she felt as though she was being journeyed both into the future and back into the past. This paradox struck her the most when she had regained consciousness. How was it possible to feel your soul travel into the past whilst being whirled into the future? She felt as though there was some hidden code in the paradox, but had not the wherewithal of mind or experience to decipher its conclusion.
She journeyed from the English lands and across the Irish ones too and onwards across the cold Atlantic with its lonely moan beneath her. Soon, she was carried across the American fields, the prairies, wooded hills, and over the jagged ridges of the Rocky Mountains; and then down across the Eastern sands of the warm Pacific and the whispering silence of its being.
She remembered clearly how the upper air in which the Heavens had wrapped her soul were ever still and gave no sound: there was nothing, only the spectacle of the eternal Heavens open to the senses; but beneath her, she could see and hear the whispering of the blue Pacific resting in all its majesty.
The journey across the living Pacific seemed to last an eternity. Eventually, Lisa began to notice that the stars spangled across the mighty Heavens didnt move as fast, and she quickly determined that it was she herself that had, for some time, ceased to move. It was as though she was suspended in weightlessness amidst the dark vault of the universe. She felt completely alone: nothing was to be seen apart from the stationary stars; not even the Pacific could be determined in the dark well of night.
Suddenly, far upon the furthest reaches of the universe, a bright light began to rise up. It was the Sun. She knew it was the sun; she felt it was; ever since the days back in Russia with her mother and father, she loved that great yellow mass of life. However, something tugged in the undercurrent of her soul: she knew that she had been travelling westward, and that she hadnt once turned and moved in any other direction. She understood completely that the American lands were resting behind her and the Pacific was both beneath her, behind her, and in front of her; and yet weirdly, here was the Sun beginning to rise out of the dark universe of the west.
How could that be she thought. How could the Sun cease to rise in the East, and in diurnal turn die in the West? What was happening? Afterwards, Lisa recalled how the scene did not bring fear to her soul, but on the contrary, brought great comfort to her resting soul there, suspended betwixt the high heavens and the deep bottomless Pacific. She felt as long as she could see the Sun and the golden rays of its being, her soul would survive any torment that assailed it; and it wasnt long before that was to happen.
Suddenly, her soul began to drop, not quickly but slowly towards the Pacific. The more her soul fell, the stronger the pull of the ocean became; but strangely, the drop in her soul towards the Pacific was met by an equal rise of the eternal sun in the heavens. It was as though the Sun began to chase Lisas soul, rising upon the western bar of the horizon as fast as her soul was falling beneath the eastern fall of the horizon; it kept pace with Lisa, and never once left her solitary soul.
At length, Lisa felt quite clearly all her senses suddenly come back to her. What had been only her soul was now her whole being, reunited in the middle of that vast, dark, and lonely ocean. She felt the heavenly air, cold and comfortless leaving the caress of her body, and in its place, a warm shroud of air comforted her descent. The further she was being pulled, the warmer the air became, and the further she moved towards the ocean, the further into the high heaven did the Sun and its rays run, so that when Lisa had reached the moment just before she would feel the Ocean, the Sun sat directly above her being, guarding its charge. She cast her head upwards and felt as though she could look directly into the bright sun without hurt upon her eyes, and as she gazed unswervingly deep into its core. It was here she saw the sweet smile of Natasha, her mother, and Mikhail, her dear father. She reached out her hand and plunged it deep into the furnace of the Sun, and there gently she stroked the ethereal essence of their beings. Mother and father smiled back in return; but deep within the smile of her mother, Lisa thought she discerned a teardrop from her mothers eyes, but the heat of the sun sizzled the tear, and only the vapour carried the image.
The moment the wetness of her mothers tears vaporized, Lisa felt another wetness as the warm Pacific began to take her being. She cast her head down and then back again to the Sun in the sky. Agitation gripped her soul, and a fear began to assail her thoughts. She felt, however, so long as the Sun and its rays shone with the cradled the love of her parents, as long as it clung to her, she would not come to any harm.
Further she plunged beneath the waves, and as she descended deeper into the ocean and the dark abyss, the sun kept its bright connection upon her being. Down and down Lisa descended into that great ocean. However, unlike any mortal plummeting those depths, Lisa did not feel the weight of the Ocean pressing and crushing her being; her body felt light and almost ethereal as it descended deeper and deeper down to the unknown abodes below. The further she dropped, the dimmer the light of the Sun got; dimmer and dimmer, until she could barely discern any light at all; but the faint light was still there, but if Lisa travelled another mile further down, the light would be lost, and she, too, would not return to the light of love and the Sun.
At last, she came to rest upon a smooth surface, as smooth as alabaster, but not cold, as the immediate surroundings were, but strangely warm and inviting. Lisa remained in this position for a full ten minutes, looking upward to the ocean above and feeling the warmth of the ocean floor below. She thought the distance she had travelled down into the abyss must have brought her to the very hot heart of the Earth. She was not wrong.
Suddenly, Lisa began to feel her soul slowly descend down from her prostrate body. Earlier in the Racids home, she had felt it ascend, but now the contrary happened, and there was nothing she could do to prevent the act.
Lisas soul descended from her being and sank through the ocean floor, before emerging into a large antechamber of crystal and marble decoration. It was immaculately fitted for any monarch or despot. It was adorned with all manner of ornament, but its atmosphere was cold and uninviting. The air inside was so still and completely devoid of any living matter.
Lisas mind above the antechamber seemed to keep attachment with her soul below, as the Sun above kept its attachment with Lisas body. Whatever the soul felt, Lisa felt. A few moments passed; and then the antechamber began to shiver ever so lightly; and then, as soon as it had done, it stopped. A few moments later the same thing happened again. Gradually, the shiver of matter became a tremble; the time between each movement shortened noticeably until the antechamber rumbled and shook without cessation. Then, suddenly, it stopped, and there was nothing.
Lisa felt her soul remain motionless in that god forsaken place for a number minutes. More minutes passed, and still nothing happened. Surely, there is some reason for my being here, she thought.
There is, came the unexpected reply.
Lisa shuddered in horror. What being down here in the nothingness of life had uttered those words; what sort of a creature or man, or beast was it? What was it going to do to Lisa? Her soul remained rooted in the air of that cavern, but then, suddenly, she felt her body too being drawn down to accompany her soul. The alabaster floor beneath her being seemed to melt away into the very waters of the ocean itself; and as it did so, the body descended also into that antechamber and with it the dim, ever so faint, rays of the Sun high above were upon the point of being extinguished for ever.
Welcome, Lisa, spoke a voice. 
Lisa flung herself around and there before her eyes stood a quite remarkable stranger. He stood no more than six feet tall, was athletic, and displayed no signs of age. There was something ageless about his being. His eyes compelled those that looked upon them to remain fixed and stationed in their hold; and whilst in their grip, they pulled hard upon the mind of the viewer to enter the mind of the stranger, and for Lisa, this was no different. She felt herself being drawn into the soul of another, and as she did so, she felt her soul motion towards the light above. She mustered with all her might to release the captivating hold the stranger, but to no avail; even the rays light above began to slip their hold, and in a moment or two, she felt she would be lost forever.
Just at that moment the stranger released his look, which had locked Lisa within his might, and declared softly, No, not now. That wouldnt be fair. He looked away from her being, and began to pace slowly in the direction of her. Later, Lisa recalled with remarkable clarity the marble tap, tap, tap sound of the stranger walking slowly towards her. She thought they sounded just like hoofs, but without the accompanying equine or bovine tempo, but the tempo of human steps. She tried to look down and see, but to no avail; her eyes had become fixed upon the face of the stranger as her approached her.
Please, Lisa, sit down. I want to tell you something, and he motioned with his outstretched arm to a waiting divan, furnished with the most expensive taste. Lisa did as she was bade, and when she had seated, the stranger sat down too. For a few moments he stared in front of himself in silence, not blinking, and seemingly not breathing, but only staring into the space before him; and then he began to speak.
Youre probably wondering where you are, Lisa? Dont answer; just listen, and I will relate where you are and why you are here, declared the stranger. He continued, You are at the bottom of the Marianna Trench, the deepest part of any oceans bed. Humans gave the name to this particular place, and he pointed directly above him at the ceiling of this antechamber, Challenger Deep, and he began to laugh innocently and in no way with malice.
Challenger Deep, they named it, as if theyd discovered the place! This place has been known since the Devils expulsion from the everlasting bliss in Heaven. It is a portal to Hell. Discovery is a door slammed shut to Hell. Can you imagine a more secure door in the whole breadth of Earth than a door kept shut by the weight of the Pacific Ocean and the whole of the atmosphere and gravity above? Over 1000 times the standard atmospheric pressure weighing upon this portal into Hell keeps the vile inhabitants of this underworld. Even now a soul such as yours and the millions of sinful souls that die each year can enter the place since the weight of the heavens above allows it. But they dont allow the contrary; no soul, once here, can leave; not here in this antechamber, but down there in the eternal torment of Hell, and he pointed down to the chamber floor.
I see you have a ray of light attached to your soul, and while ever that light remains seated in the succour of your soul, you will remain safe; but the moment it leaves, or its connection becomes broken or detached, you will be damned eternally here, to dwell everlasting days with us here.
The stranger maintained his talk. In 1957, however, something happened that changed the whole situation. A Russian vessel, the Vityaz, was resting directly above us upon the calm surface of the Pacific. Its job was to determine the exact depth of the Marianna Trench. They began to drop devices down into the hidden depths, and with sophisticated equipment above, they measured the depth of what they called the Marianna Hollow. For the first time since Gods incarceration of his enemies, a direct link occurred with the world above to the Hell below. The connection only remained for a few minutes upon the alabaster lid above, which as you can see is no bigger than a single bed; but that was enough to release a soul to the upper air and the Earth above. But before the hellish soul could be completely free, the connection resting on the portal above imploded, and it was gone in an instant.
You may ask what happened to that hellish soul that fled the depths of the Hell. That is a question I cannot answer, Lisa, but by your presence here, it must have something to do with you here now. The soul did not return, which meant it had escaped; and mark my words, Lisa, this soul was a soul that was condemned to a life of torture for the sins it had committed in life. In life, the soul will never die, and so what will it do? Will it resume its previous evil state of being, or will it have learnt from its terrible interment here? The only thing I know is that you have a soul out there upon your land that is not of your land and is of here.
The ship, the Vityaz, a name given to ancient and valiant Russian men, holds the key. Vityaz were held in especial awe in the northern most regions of the Caucasus and on the southern side of Ukraine. Not too far away from Chernobyl, Lisa. I know you know the place, and I know your mother died there, but maybe it was you that was meant to die there, and not your mother. How very apt you were removed before the catastrophe occurred. Did you know that one of the men on the Vityaz lived in Chernobyl and worked in an important position there, Lisa? No, you didnt. Well there did, and what does that tell us? What indeed does it? Here the stranger broke off his discourse and Lisa noticed upon his countenance hard thoughts working in his head. He began again.
Lisa, there are seven sins that are punished here in Hell; the virtuous call them the Seven Deadly Sins, but to me, theyre simply the seven sins, which those who act them out in life, will be tormented with after their death; and alongside these seven deadly sins that cast their practitioners in this hellish abode, there are also their contrary virtues, the exact opposites of their evil counterparts; and how the practitioners of these virtues are granted everlasting happiness in heaven. Here, let me briefly state them, and the stranger went on to state to Lisa, the seven sins and their contrary virtues.
He told of how Lust and excessive sexual appetites was met by Chastity and the purity of soul; of how Gluttony and over-indulgence was opposed by Abstinence and self-control of desire; of how Greed and the sin of gathering excess is counter met with Liberality and generosity; of how Sloth and idleness is opposed by Diligence and industry in life; of how Wrath and unchecked rage is opposite to Patience and the ability to forbear and endure; of how Envy and the spite of what others have is met by Kindness and charity to and of others; and finally the worst sin: Pride, the sin present in all other sins, the vanity and arrogance, and how this is met by Humility and acts of selflessness. 
I believe your act to volunteer your body to the glutton was an act of selflessness, Lisa, and deepest humility; and it is upon this act of yours that I released my hold of you earlier. I could have dragged your soul to Hell in an instant, but this one act of yours pleads for it not to be done; and, indeed, I too can see that light above you, Lisa. That light would not be there to protect a sinful soul; it is only there to succour a virtuous soul. The sin your life is now wallowed in is not of your design, but compelled to commit by others; and therefore, it is on this account that I will not take your soul from your overdosed body. That would not be fair.
Lisa remembered these words from earlier. My job is only to take those worthy of my torments, and you are not one of them, Lisa. Now go, and remember: there is one out there, whom I know not whether his involvement in Chernobyl is to be welcomed by your fellow creatures on Earth or to be lamented. This fiend of Hell, who has escaped, will either wreak havoc on those sinning, or bring disaster upon the innocent. Only he will know. Let us hope he has learnt his lesson here for what he did in life.
With this, the stranger pointed to the portal above the chamber and declared with purpose, Your Sun is growing faint. Go now.
Lisa cast her stare away from the stranger and looked up to the diminishing faint light and back again to the stranger, but he was gone.
Lisa began to feel an increasing lightness take over her being. She felt herself being pulled toward the faint light above her; she felt herself let go, and as she did so, her ascent accelerated, and a rush of love filled her heart as she began once again to view the sun as it penetrated the deep warm waters of the Pacific; and amidst the heart of the golden sun, her mother and fathers face once again smiled upon their child; but no sooner did she emerge from the warm waters of the ocean, did the sun begin its descent towards the Eastern horizon, before falling into the deep fold of it. Lisa coughed and felt immense pain in her body.
Wake up, you foul, drugged up slut, howled Chrissy, and again she slapped hard the face of Lisa as she lay barely conscious on the bed. Lisa had been unconscious for over ten hours. Racid deliberated whether or not he should dump Lisa at the edge of the park or some field, but his wife convinced him that the bitch would pull through it; and that dumping her would be merely like chucking hard earned money away. Racid, however, worried relentlessly that the girl would die, and he would have to get rid of the body, but his wife once again calmed his fears and declared that she would bury the thing if it came to it. Racid acquiesced and the girl was left to come round to her senses on her own with no medical care.
From six o clock that Sunday morning Chrissy had ordered her two children to each take it in turn to go into Lisas bedroom and slap her face hard, to wake the lazy druggy bitch.
The following day Racid left early to see a man about a dog, which meant he was up to no good. Chrissy shuffled her wretched hangover in bed for over half an hour before heaving herself out of it. She usually slept in her clothes worn of yesterday, and therefore, there was no need to dress; she simply slipped on her slippers and made her way to the door. Before she reached the door, she heard her children giggling and cackling. She stood for a moment listening to gain a better understanding of what was afoot before opening the door.
Lets do it together, Chrissy heard Kevin say.
You slap her on the right cheek, and I will bang the bitch on the left, came the reply from Chrissys son, Kevin.
Racids wife quickly opened the door and shouted at the pair, What the hell are you two up to?
Both siblings started and looked behind them to their mother.
We were only going to have some fun, mam, wailed Kevin.
Is she awake yet? asked the mother.
No, not yet, came the reply. I must have slapped her a dozen times, stated Kevin.
And slapped her arse too, Kevin, Katherine responded, and she gently slapped her brother on his backside.
Stop it you two, ordered the mother. You can have fun with her later, but for now, I need to wake the dreg up. Where are the other two slappers? she asked.
Kevin answered, The other two are in our bedroom.
Well let them stay there until weve woken up the druggie.
All three now entered the bedroom where Lisa was laid. She was naked on the bed with her gown cast down at the side of her.
Why is she undressed? demanded the mother.
There was a silence in which both son and daughter looked away in different directions.
You set of dirty bastards cant help yourself, can you? and she pushed both of them away from either side of her. She then strode determinedly towards Lisa, bent down, swung back her arm, and let fall a hard slap upon Lisas face, accompanying the action with, Wake up, you foul, drugged up slut!
Lisa groaned.
Thats woke the bitch, mam, shouted Kevin from the side of the bed.
Give her another slap, mother, to make sure the slag wakes up, added Katherine.
Dont worry about that, retorted his mother, and she once again hit hard the face of Lisa.
Lisa groaned and moved her legs. Chrissy declared that she would live and bring money into the house again; and indeed, Lisa did eventually regain full consciousness and health, and was once again set to work by the evil Racids.

Chapter 26

At the height of Racids family run business of smuggling in young European girls, imprisoning them, and then prostituting them, before casting them off cheaply to some even more sordid den in London, Racid, his wife and children had six girls in all. The isolated location of their property, resting on the edge of the woodland, helped the place to remain secret.
Lisa was still there and had been for over 5 months now. Every day was a nightmare, both for her and the other captive girls. Often they thought of escape, but the opportunity or any method never presented itself. The only option to escape their plight was suicide, and this act both Racid and his avaricious wife feared. In order to prevent what Racid called, useless loss of income, by one of the girls committing suicide, the Racids would convince them that once they had done their time with them, they would then be let go; and indeed, to the girls, they did see that there was a coming and going of girls; and therefore, the desire to kill themselves was allayed by the hope of being released. They did not know, however, that the girls after leaving Racids would merely be transferred to another awful brothel in the capital.
In the winter of 1986 the Racids were making a handsome profit from their nefarious activities. Clients were only introduced upon recommendation and only by the most dependable sources. However, one incident changed all of that.
Peter Rapant had recommended two Asian businessmen to Racid for joining. Racid was a racist of the basest order and didnt take the referral too well. His wife was even more of a racist, ranting, I dont want any Pakis in here giving it to those bitches!
However, upon the mention that the two Asian businessmen would pay well to gain access, the tone of the Racids quickly changed to one of accommodating the pair, Well, I dont suppose their money is no different from any clients money, Gerald, Chrissy said to her husband.
No, Chrissy, money is money, and if the Pakis want to pay us for screwing our girls, then thats up to them. Well just have to make sure they dont see Katherine because theyll want to give her one as well, he warned Chrissy.
If they pay well, Racid, who gives a damn who they screw! and she squealed a peal of laughter.
Id want triple the normal rate if they did, Chrissy; if the Pakis wanted to bang our daughter, theyd have to triple their price, he declared in a business like sense.
After the first night of accommodating the two Asian businessmen, Racid declared to his wife, Theyre not that bad at all, are they, these Pakis, Chrissy? They pay well. She agreed; and so, thereafter, the two Asian businessmen became regular clients of the Racids.
Everything would have continued just fine, but for one problem: one of the very respectable Asian businessmen, Ahmed had a brother in law, Shabir, who hated Ahmed with a passion. Shabir was only sixteen, but held his own brand of family honour steadfast to this heart and head. He despised the marriage of his sister to Ahmed, and knew that she was being insulted daily by Ahmed and his debauched activities.
Ahmed and Mohammed would attend the Racids property every Friday night without fail. Both the highly respectable Asian businessmen would declare with truth that they were attending some business dinner, which brought important business to them both.
It must be mentioned here that Ahmed was a thoroughly evil man. He had an unrelenting temper, which at times was ungovernable. He was now thirty-seven years old, but when he was twenty-two, he was arrested in Mirpur, Pakistan, for the suspected killing of a young man. He was acquitted of the death; but on account of numerous death threats from the young mans family, Ahmed fled to England, helped by his old friend, Mohammed, who already resided here. Mohammed had known Ahmed had murdered the young man, whose skull and face had been smashed in beyond recognition. The coroner declared at the time that the dead man must have suffered numerous kicks and stamps to his head even after he was dead, such was the frenzy and ferocity of the attack; but Mohammed slung a deaf one to the murder, believing that the young man deserved it.
Ahmed carried on with his violent streak whenever circumstance allowed. On one such occasion, not long after hed been in England, and before he became a successful businessman, a friend of his had been taunted on the East side of Cross Flats Park, a neighbourhood of cheap bed sits and back to backs.
It was seven in the evening and the sky was dark. Word had got to Ahmed of the offence, and he, along with five others, set out across Tempest Road and onwards towards Cross Flats Park. Just before they got there, Ahmeds friend pointed out the three youths, no more than seventeen years old, sitting on the wall adjacent to some disused tennis courts. Ahmed and the rest of his six adult acquaintances split up and made a pincer like attack, which prevented any means of escape by the three young lads.
Within a few minutes all three youths were screaming for help, but the wind was up, and it was dark, too, so that only a few heard their cries for mercy, but no one did anything: such was the way around those parts then. Ahmed took particular zeal in beating up the young lads; the other adults were satisfied with a few black eyes and broken noses, but not Ahmed: he wanted more. One lad, having sustained all manner of punches and kicks from the other Asian men, groaned on the floor; the men had ceased their attack, satisfied that justice was administered, and began to walk away laughing about the manner of how their code of justice had been accomplished. Ahmed remained behind. Suddenly they head a sharp cry from one of the young lads. All turned round instantly and saw Ahmed viciously stamping on the young boys head and neck.
One of the men ran up to Ahmed and told him to stop, which he did, but only to move on to the next boy, to whom he began stamping on his head also. He had completely lost control, and the manner of his wrath was beyond any remonstrance by his colleagues. All of them feared he would kill one of the boys unless they intervened, which all did to prevent a murder. They had to drag Ahmed away, and each saw a flash of unrestrained rage and lust for murder in his eyes.
The following day police requested information from the public regarding the viciousness of the attack, and the subsequent hospitalization of two of the boys. No one came forward with any news, and the case was subsequently dropped.
After the attack, the five Asian colleagues gave Ahmed a wide berth, and avoided him at every opportunity. At length, they ceased to have any contact with him at all.
It was shortly after this vicious and evil attack that Ahmed married the sister of Shabir Hussain, and it was this union which brought disaster upon all those at the Racids.
Shabir loathed Ahmed with all his being; he was obsessed with destroying the 37 year old man, but because he was only sixteen, he didnt quite know how to accomplish this difficult feat. Shabir knew Ahmed was bringing disgrace upon his familys name by his abuse of his sister, and wanted to highlight that to all who would hear.
Shabir had a friend, whod related that he once saw Ahmeds car going into a scrap yard at the top end of Middleton Grove one Friday night, accompanied by another Asian man in a suit.
Are you sure, John? asked Shabir.
His friend declared he was, and so, acting upon such knowledge, Shabir borrowed a pushbike with lights on and set out for the scrap yard at the end of Middleton Grove. Once there, he hid the bike in a bush; being dark, it wasnt hard. However, one of the hounds in Racids yard heard the stratagem and ran round to the front of the yard followed by the other two dogs, whereupon all three curs began barking incessantly.
Shabir noticed a girl look out from a bedroom window. It was Racids daughter, Katherine. Shortly afterwards, Racid appeared at the door, walked up to the front gate, and peered into the gloom across the road. The dogs continued to bark. Racid couldnt discern anything unnatural, and promptly kicked one of the dogs in the ribs, yelling to the creature, Shut the hell up if no one is there! The dog yelped and wandered back to the back yard followed by the other two hounds. Racid made his way back to the house, but before he entered, he saw Nicholas stood there in the dark, just before the outhouse looking at him. Nicholas was now eighteen years old and stood over six feet tall with a quite powerful and possessing physique.
Have you seen anything, Nick? he shouted.
Nothing, came the reply.
Alright, get your head down to sleep now. Youve got to be up early tomorrow for that job, he stated. 
Nicholas disappeared into the outhouse and Racid disappeared into the house. Only Katherine lingered at the window.
As hitherto mentioned, Katherine and her brother, Kevin, were never allowed out of the yard by themselves, and even when they were accompanied by their parents, Katherine only ever ventured outside a couple of times a year. Kevin would be allowed out only on Sunday mornings to go with his father and Nicholas to the car boot sale in Cross Green, just over a mile away. Both son and daughter were incarcerated within both the house and the yard outside. The only education they had of the outside world was what their parents, Racid and Chrissy, taught them; and from that everyday dose of countless soaps and numerous horror and adult films that they were allowed to watch at will, the debauched minds of these characters were formed.
Therefore, the commotion outside on this Friday evening was a reality distraction for the sixteen-year-old daughter of the Racids.
Shabir looked intently at Katherine from the safety of his hide; and while he did so, he heard an engine making its way up Middleton Grove: it was Ahmeds Ford; and sure as John had informed, there was another Asian man in a suit with him.
The vehicle stopped just outside the yard. It appeared to be waiting for someone. Racids daughter appeared at window, and the car flashed its lights three times before the girl disappeared. The front door was then opened, and Racid made his way to the gates, opened them, let in the car, which drove behind some old scrap out of way, whilst Racid shut and locked the gates again.
Within a couple of minutes, the two respectable Asian gents scurried across the yard and disappeared into the house. Racid was the last into the house; but before he went in, he cast an inquisitive eye around the perimeter of the yard, and then he also disappeared into the property.
Shabir waited around for half an hour or so, and then decided to leave, but this time, he determined to do so without raising sufficient alarm to rouse the barking dogs, which he did successfully.
After that evening, Shabir made regular visits along and up Middleton Grove. He only lived on Tempest Road, and, therefore, was within five minutes cycle ride or so of Racids property. Whenever he could get to visit the property, he would, such was the deep desire to bring shame upon his brother in law, Ahmed.
Shabir noticed that there was very little, if any, activity during the day at the Racids. He only ever saw members of the Racid clan or Nicholas. He didnt know their names, however.
He also noticed in particular the old man and two lads, who, he presumed, to be the sons, always left the property on Sunday mornings for an hour or so. The girl, who he had seen at the window, never accompanied the man and the two lads. 
A plan suddenly began to form in Shabirs mind of how he could save his sister and his family from the disgrace that Ahmed was bringing on his family. He knew something illegal was happening in the scrappy house, but what that was, he couldnt determine unless he gained access into the property; such was the mind of a young ardent boy. How his mother would have wished that he had let things be, but that was not to be.
Shabir devised a plan to try to get the attention of the girl at the window when the man and the two lads had left the property. He arrived early one sunny, yet cold, Sunday morning and took up his customary station in the bush; there he waited for the three males to emerge and leave the house.
He was not disappointed and sure enough, at the same time as the two previous weeks, Racid emerged from the house with his son, Kevin; both were then met by Nicholas, who came from the back of the house. All three made their way to the gates, which Nicholas opened; Racid struck up the engine of his truck, whilst Kevin jumped into the passenger seat. They moved slowly out of the yard, whereupon Nicholas bolted the gate, strode towards the waiting vehicle and handed the driver some keys, before getting in himself; after which, the car drove off.
All the while this scene was carried out, Shabir kept his eyes glued upon the bedroom window where Katherine was accustomed to show herself. She did not disappoint. There she stood up at the window watching the three fellows leave the property.
Shabir waited for the car to disappear down Middleton Grove, and sure in the confidence that it had, he jumped out of the copse he was hidden in, and with deliberate gesticulations bade Katherine to come to him, but he also kept putting his finger to his mouth, and intimating that she be silent when she did.
Katherine understood; her curiosity was attracted to this strange boy outside the yard asking her to come to him and telling her to shush! Without telling her mother, who was still in bed nursing her customary Sunday morning hangover, Katherine made her way quietly down the steps and into the kitchen; she then unlocked the outside door with the minimum of noise, lest the dogs at the back of the house should become aware someone was leaving the house. Once this was accomplished, Katherine made her way cautiously over to the fence where the boy was waiting.
Katherine had never spoken to another boy or girl, other than her brother and the weirdo she called Nicholas. She had not the necessary social skills, and the only skills she did possess were those learnt either from her parents, brother, sometime clients, or the quasi reality of TV.
Approaching this real boy just outside her yard filled the Racid girl with intense trepidation, but strangely she also desired to know why he should want her to speak with him. When she had got within a few feet of him, she spoke.
If you dont piss off, Ill get my mother to set the dogs upon you, she stated.
The young lad was about to return the insult, but thought better of it, and instead he asked,
Whats your name?
Why do you want to know my name? Whats yours? she replied.
My name is Shabir. Now tell me yours, he insisted.
Alright, my name is Katherine, she giggled.
Shabir persisted, sensing he was making progress, You live here, dont you, Katherine? Ive seen you a few times up at your bedroom window when Ive been passing.
Yea, I do live here. I bet you want to shag me because youve been watching me at our bedroom window, she answered in a most natural manner.
Shabir was completely taken aback, if not shocked, at such frank, foul language. He stared for a moment in astonishment and then addressed her, What?
You heard me. The only problem is that if you come in here now to shag me, the dogs will get you. Do you want to give me one? she enquired again most naturally and innocently, Cause if you do, then youll have to come back on an evening, cause then the dogs are locked up, and itll be easier to sneak you in; but dont say anything to my mother, cause shell want some money off you.
Shabir stood completely confounded. He didnt know what to say at all and just stared at the strange, shameful creature of a girl in front of him. He had no desire at all to entertain the disgraceful girl and he quickly collected his thoughts and regained the reason why he was there.
Would you be able to let me in next Friday night, he asked, knowing full well that his brother in law, Ahmed, and the other Asian businessman would also be in the house.
Previously, Shabir had found out that the dogs, when guests were present, were tied up; and, therefore, he would be able to escape at will. He intended to enter the house when Ahmed was inside, find out where in the house he was, burst into Ahmeds room and take a picture of him inside the house with his white girlfriend. In his naivety, he would grab a picture of them at it, and run out of the house, scramble over the fence outside, which hed already assessed as do-able, grab his bike, which would lie in wait, cycle home, and relate and show the shame to anyone who would listen.
Yes, if you come next Friday, Ill let you in. You will come though wont you? Ill look out for you, she pleaded in her awful innocence.
Yes, I will be here. Make sure you are, too. Dont let me down.
I wont, she then turned and skipped her way to the house. Shabir turned round, recovered his bike, and set off at pace down Middleton Grove.
Chapter 27

It was a hot June day in the year 1992, when a very corpulent man shuffled his waist onto the clearings with a Jack Russell yapping at his left side, and bag of beer and food swinging on the other side. The man was in his mid-forties and completely bald. His weight would be estimated around 28 stone. His purpose, as had been for the last 20 years was to sun himself, get a bit of exercise, and drink a couple of beers, whilst tasting a tart or two. He shuffled and waddled his way to his customary spot upon the woodland clearing, and set up his picnic. The dog began to sniff at the edge of woodland. 
The obese man slunk onto the grass and cracked open a can of strong beer. He took a deep draught of the beer and cleared nearly two thirds of its contents, before reaching to the bag, putting in his large fat hand, and pulling a cream cake out of it, and immediately began stuffing it into his mouth. Whilst he acted his accustomed practice a runner ran past him and his dog. The dog, as was his want, began to chase and yap after the runner. The obese man shouted out that the dog wouldnt bite, and as he did so, he recalled a moment twenty years earlier, when hed uttered the same words to another runner, but with another Jack Russell he had then. What an eventful day that was, he thought to himself. I wonder what would have happened if the car had not broken down that afternoon. The fat man then cracked open another can of strong lager.
At the edge of woodland, a rather powerful figure stood lurking in the shadow of the trees watching the obese man recreate himself beneath the summer sun. He had been watching the man for a while and to any observer would have appeared strange, stood there in the dark foliage of the woods.
It wasnt long before the Jack Russell caught a smell of the stranger and made its way towards him. The dog weaved its way by following its smell, and when it reached the stranger, it began to wag its tail, and raise itself on its back legs upon the strangers legs. The man bent down and picked up the Jack Russell, which did not complain. He then deftly placed a collar and lead around its neck, but he did not place the dog back down, but wrapped it up, and placed it in a backpack and made his way from the clearings. He made his way towards the north west entrance to the woods, and checking that there was no one around, he strode to a car parked at the far side of the avenue and opened the door. Once inside he opened a draw inside the car and took out a bottle of clear liquid. He opened the top, tipped over the bottle upon a small towel, and with the towel placed it over the dogs face. The dog immediately fell unconscious. A day later the dog was let loose beneath Ilkley Moor.
The obese man hadnt noticed that his dog was missing, being more occupied with the contents of his bag and the lager and food within. It was only when he had depleted his stock, did he begin to call for the Jack Russell, Catty! Come on Catty, come to daddy! he shouted. However, no dog came. He repeated the process, but still no dog came. Where the hell can she be? he thought. He raised himself to his feet with difficulty and began to waddle over to the side of the woods, where he had last seen his dog. Once there he called out again, Catty! Come on Catty, come to daddy! Still no dog. The fat man stood there wondering what to do next, when a man emerged from the woods in a summer shirt. 
Afternoon, the man offered the obese man.
Afternoon, the fat man replied, You havent seen a Jack Russell, have you? She was here with me just a little while ago, and now shes gone, he asked of the stranger.
Yes, I did see a Jack Russell. Was it a young dog? he questioned.
Yes, shes only a year or so old! exclaimed the fat man. Where did you see her? he added.
In the woods down there. Ill show you, if you like? the stranger offered.
Would you? Thank you. Which way?
This way, follow me, concluded the stranger; and the fat man followed. He did not emerge again from those woods.
The stranger casually led the obese man down a winding path, which made its way further into the woods. Occasionally the stranger would utter words of caution to the man to be careful of obtrusive roots and loose gravel. All the while, the fat man called for his Jack Russell, but still no reply came back to him.
Just a little further was where I saw your Jack Russell, the stranger told the obese man. I was stood here upon this path, and I saw your dog over there, as he pointed to a clump of oak trees just ahead of them.
Catty, come to daddy, lovely, the fat man called, but still no sound came to his call.
Maybe the dog is stuck somewhere in there? the stranger suggested.
I dont know about that, as she would answer with a bark when she hears me, replied the man.
Ill have a look though. Best not leave a stone unturned as they say. and the stranger walked slowly towards the dense clump of trees in front of him.
Ill come too, added the fat man, just to make sure, and he too waddled among the leaves in search of the dog.
At length, the stranger stood beside a large oak and stopped. He watched out of the corner of his eye with intensity the approach of the fat man. As the fat man neared, the stranger slipped almost imperceptibly from the fat mans view behind the oaks large trunk. The obese man was more concerned with not tripping over the twisted roots and broken branches strewn across the woodland floor. As the fat moved forward to the place at the side of the oak trunk, where a minute earlier the stranger had stood, and as he stood there in that very spot, the stranger had circled the tree, and in the act, picked up some instrument from among the leaves on the floor and moved round so that he now stood behind the fat man.
The fat man called out for the last time, Catty, here Catty, Catty! Come to daddy!
How about your foul smelling soul coming to me, a deep and terrible voice boomed behind the fat man. He flung himself round with the shock, and saw the stranger, but this time, there was nothing accommodating about him whatsoever: his countenance bore a terrible aspect, and there was a deep intent fixed in his eyes; his face was flushed with emotion, and his stature terrible to behold.
Thud, as an object hit the side of the fat mans head. He staggered back a few paces, before the man leapt up to him and struck the side of his head again. Thud. This time the fat man did not stagger backwards, but his legs buckled under his own weight where he stood. He fell down in a twisted heap of grotesque flesh. The stranger rubbed the sole of his boot in the fat mans face to make sure he was truly unconscious. The boot scraped the surface of bloated, pink skin off the obese mans face. The fat man didnt flinch. He lay there with little streams of blood trickling from the abrasions of the strangers hard boot.
There was no time to waste, thought the stranger, and with remarkable speed and agility, he dashed over to a small heap of leaves, and extracted a length of steel cable, which he deftly wrapped round the large oak. He then produced a series of straps from the heaped leaves, and with the same dexterity tied them round the fat man on the woodland floor. Three times the man had to be rolled over to secure his large body mass in straps, but eventually the task was complete. Upon the final roll, the stranger heard a faint groan emanating from the man, and he knew he had to act quickly, as the man could regain consciousness at any moment, and the prospect of having to move the mans 28 stone of flesh down into the pit, whilst he, all the time resisting such an act, would be nigh on impossible. 
No sooner had the stranger accomplished the tying of straps around the fat man, did he kneel down on the woodland floor, and with a sweep of both arms and hands move the fallen leaves away from the seal to the bell pit. Once the leaves were removed, he opened the pit, stood up and returned to the fat man heaped on the floor. He began to roll his huge frame towards the well of the pit, with each turn, he discerned the fat man growing ever more conscious. Finally, the fat man was now perched above the very well of that bell-pit. The stranger looked back one last time to the steel cord around the oak tree, to check that the cord was taught enough. Secure in the knowledge that it was he gave one final push upon the body of the fat man, upon which, the man rolled, or as it seemed to the stranger, slithered down the hole in the woodland floor. 
The stranger looked down the deep chasm, produced a torch, and peered down. The obese man was hanging there just beneath the surface. The stranger quickly returned to the oak, and began to let down more and more cable, which in turn lowered the fat man lower and lower down into the darkness of the bell pit. When the stranger could no longer feel any weight or strain upon the cable, he knew that the obese man was resting upon the bell pit floor. With speed he covered the cable at the base of the tree, and then covered any sign of the cable on the floor. He then returned to the bell pit, whereupon he knelt down, and pulled a plate resembling the woodland floor towards himself, climbed down using the cable to prevent his drop, and lowered himself into the pit, whilst pulling the plate over the surface of the hole. Nothing above was now visible, and to any stranger happening to pass, they would never have known the act of death being administered below.
The stranger lowered himself to the ground in the darkness, standing upon the prostrate fat man as he did so. He then lit two candles, which showered a dim, yellow light on the coal filled cavern. Wasting no time, he untied the belts and straps, which had helped to lower the man into the pit. He then began to remove all articles of clothing from off the fat man, lest, he said to himself, He eats these in his hunger, and chokes before he ought to die.
The fat man was then cast in chains and rolled over to the left chamber of the cavern. Once there, the chains were then bolted to some exposed rock protruding from the chamber floor. The stranger then moved to a seat at the far corner of the bell pit, sat down in it, and waited for his charge to regain full consciousness.
Chapter 28

Friday arrived on that cold January night in 1986, and Shabir informed his mother hed probably be a little late home that evening. He didnt have much of a relationship with his father, and indeed, very rarely spoke with him. His father was more concerned with religious affairs and affairs of his business rather than those of his son; a criticism his wife was to level against him for the rest of his life. All in all, Shabir had the complete run of the house: he came into the house when he wanted, and left the house when he desired. His father later regretted his sons freedom and lack of parental control.
Shabir had decided to arrive at the Racids property a little later than usual, so as to allow his brother in law time enough to get there, and time enough to be caught in his white girlfriends arms.
He placed a camera in his pocket and made his way out of the door. Dewsbury Road was relatively light of traffic that evening, and Shabir cycled across it with all speed. Once across, he turned left down Middleton Grove, past the Quick-Fit garage, down to the last factory on his left and finally up the Grove to the isolated property of Racid.
There was no lamp-post lighting once he passed the photo developing factory, only the light of the sky and of the city lights in the distance to pave the way forward. Shabir thought this best, as any vehicle suddenly approaching from behind would, because of its headlights, give ample warning for him to nip off the road and into a hedge at the side. However, on this particular night, no traffic did approach. The guests at the Racids had already arrived and had been in the property some ten minutes or so.
Ahmed and Mohammed were now regular visitors at the Racids on Friday nights. Catering for Mohammed was easy: he was like any other client, but catering for the evil needs of Ahmed was a more complicated problem. He would regularly leave the girl he had been with sorely battered and bruised, so that, in the words of Chrissy, the bitch wont be ready for another client now until Tuesday.
The Racids considered banning Ahmed, but he was a regular client, and other than his need to beat up the girls, he brought money to the Racids, and that was all that mattered to the Racids. In the end they came to a compromise: they informed Ahmed that he would have to pay extra for the days their girls couldnt work; and therefore, rather than paying for the one night, Ahmed always ended up paying for that night and the subsequent three nights that the girl couldnt work, because of his assaults on the girls. It was also resolved that Ahmed couldnt have the same girl consecutively, and that he would have to take them in turn, as in the words of Racid, It would not be fair to have the same girl each week battered and too bruised to shag.
When, at last, Shabir arrived just before the gates of the property, he halted, and thought to himself where the best place would be to put the bike would be, so as to allow quick access to when escaping from Racids property with his picture. However, he did not want to simply leave the bike at the side of the road, as it could both be seen by any car arriving at the Racids or anyone happening by chance to be abroad on the cold January night. Shabir surveyed the fence from a distance, trying to decide where the best place would be to climb it. At length, he decided upon the part of fence next to an elm tree. He then tactfully tucked the bike behind some thicket, which still retained some of its foliage, and yet, not enough to prevent easy access to the bike. After this was done, he sneaked round to the side of the fence where he was stationed the other evening and looked up to the girls window. He didnt have to wait long for her to appear.
Katherine had been consumed by a desire to see Shabir, but not as a young ardent teenager was to meet their first date, but more through a sexual desire. Katherine had no understanding of the concept of love, not only sexual love, but love in general. Her world, and indeed that of her brother too, could only grasp a comprehension of the hate in life. For both of them, love of another person was simply lust; and the lust both had come to learn about was of the violent side, and nothing more, and it was with this desire her heart was ardent for.
Shabir, when he was satisfied the coast was clear, stepped out from the bushes he had laid hidden in, and through various gesticulations and wavings, made his presence known to Katherine waiting at the window. Once she had seen her quarry, she waved back and then disappeared behind the curtain. Shabir crept round to the gate and waited for her.
As he waited, he noticed that the dogs must indeed be tied up as Katherine had stated. He couldnt see Ahmeds car, but knew that the car was hidden behind some scrap at the left of the property. However, before he went into the building, he had to be certain that his brother in law was there.
Katherine ever so lightly opened the side door of the house and crept out of it. She knew that at this time on Friday night both her parents would be busy tending to the needs of their guests; and as it was Friday, and there were guests in the house.
Katherine made her way quietly to the gate. Once there, she didnt speak to Shabir, but placed a key into the gate and eased the iron frame open a little for Shabir to enter. The gate creaked in the cold slightly, but not enough to rouse the attention of the dogs at the back of the house.
Be quiet, urged Katherine, or someone will look out of the window, and well get done for, she added.
Is there a Ford Granada in the yard? asked Shabir quietly.
What do you want to know that for? she questioned.
I just wondered that was all.
The cars are over there, and she pointed to three cars parked away at the back of some scrap. Shabir looked and saw the black Ford Granada there. He smiled inwardly to himself. The smile quickly left his eyes though as a problem to his intended mission raised itself in his mind: how was he going to know which room his brother in law was in. With this at the forefront of his thoughts, he began again to question Katherine.
How many are there in the house, Katherine?
You ask a lot of questions, dont you? she answered.
I just want to make sure we dont get caught thats all. Id feel safer if I knew where each person was in your house, he added.
Well, my parents are in the kitchen as always, and then theres the two Pakis in the front bedroom, and she went on to relate where all the occupants of that house were.
Shabir felt satisfied now. He knew, once he had gained entry into the house, which room to aim for, break open the door, and take Ahmeds picture with his white lover, and then escape.
Right, Katherine, Im ready to go in with you, he declared.
Shabir felt his heart beginning to beat fast inside his breast. The room had been pointed out where Ahmed was, and hed made a mental note of it, so as not to lose direction of it once he had entered the house.
Katherine slowly opened the door and let both of them in. Shabir could hear Racid and his wife in the kitchen discussing money. He stood there for a moment deciding which way would be the best to go for the bedroom with Ahmed in. He saw a flight of stairs to his left and knew directly above these steps was the bedroom. With no further thought he rushed towards them and charged up them, leaving Katherine at the open door aghast.
Shabir felt no fear at this point; adrenalin had charged his mind with a rashness that barred any other thought or emotion. Once at the top of the steps, he turned left, and there, in front of him, was the door to the bedroom. He quickly pulled the camera from his pocket, grabbed hold of the handle on the door, and lest the door should be locked, he swung back his whole body and let it bash with strength against the door. The door was indeed locked, but only by a small latch, which gave away completely upon his assault. Shabir fairly fell into the room, and only just managed to stay on his feet. Nevertheless, he recovered his stand rapidly and stared around the room.
Before him was Ahmed and one of the girls. The girl was sat down naked in a chair and was crying; tears had been streaming down her face and the rims of them were red with pain. Ahmed was undressed and stood above the girl.
For a moment Shabir froze; his young mind unable to comprehend the evil of the situation upon which he now viewed. He quickly recovered his senses, lifted the camera, pointed it at the two people in front of him and began clicking furiously.
No sooner had he began clicking on the camera, did he stop, turn round and dash out of the bedroom door, and towards the steps that led downstairs. Such was the impetus of his resolve to get down the stairs and out of the house; he clashed with Katherine, who was on her way up the stairs. She was slammed backwards, lost her balance completely and fell down the stairs with a loud crash.
Shabirs mind went blank; he had not accounted for this accident and stood rooted on the middle of the staircase staring at the girl moaning at the bottom of it. If it hadnt have been for this unforeseen event, Shabir would most certainly have escaped with his life, but it was not to be.
Shabirs momentary halt on the steps allowed Ahmed to gain a vital few feet in pursuit of him. He charged out of the bedroom and leapt down the staircase and nearly grabbed Shabir there and then. Shabir, however, stunned by Katherines fall, recovered with speed his senses and he just evaded the grasping arm of Ahmed.
Both leaped down the steps, out of the side door, and across the yard. Shabir ran with all speed his young body could muster, and within a few seconds he had reached the perimeter fence and had begun to ascend it. However, it was not to be.
The dreadful few seconds he had lost on the stairs allowed Ahmed to jump up and just grab hold of Shabirs right foot. It was now not a matter of how speedy the boy was, it was simply a matter of strength.
Ahmed dragged the boy down from the fence and began to smash his fist repeatedly into the young lads face. Shabir fell to floor almost unconscious. All the other occupants of the house, by this time, had ran out of the house and were viewing the beating taking place before their eyes. Mohammed recognised Shabir and hastened forward to stop Ahmed from hitting him anymore. Ahmed went to stamp upon the lad, which he did, but he felt a sharp pain upon his naked foot. This sent him into an ungovernable rage.
Ahmed looked around and saw to the left side of him a half brick. He reached across and picked the brick up, and before Mohammed could prevent it, Ahmed smashed the brick with extreme force into the face of Shabir. There was a squelching crunch as it hit. Mohammed tried to grab hold of the brick before Ahmed could repeat the horror, but failed. Another force from the brick smashed into Shabirs face; however, Ahmeds attempt to deliver a third blow failed, as Mohammed this time successfully grabbed Ahmeds right arm. Ahmed stared back hard at Mohammed, and it was then that Mohammed saw the look of extreme rage, of ungovernable wrath in the eyes of the man knelt over the dying boy before him.
Racid joined Mohammed and the pair dragged the naked Ahmed from off the boy.
Youve killed him! screamed Racid. Youve killed him!
Shabir lay there; his face unrecognisable, but still a faint flicker of life remained in his body, although copious amounts of blood was being lost.
Racid let go of Ahmed and went up to the boy lying there dying. As he did so, he heard the sound of footsteps behind him. Two clients, in determined strides, were making their way to their cars; both got into their respective cars, struck up the engines and made their way to the locked gates; however, Shabirs body lay across the exit. One of the clients drew down the window of his car and shouted at Racid, Get the body out of the way, Racid, and open the gates, now!
Chrissy, who by this time joined Racid, added, Go on then, Racid. Drag the body out of the way or someones going to see!
Only Kevin remained inside the house, where he was told to keep the girls locked up in the back bedroom, so that they couldnt see anything.
Meanwhile, Nicholas viewed on from the back of the yard without being seen. 
Racid plunged his hands into his pocket, produced some keys and flung them at his wife, Here, you open the gates while I drag him out of the way, which he did without thought to the dying state of the young lad. The cars then made their way out of the yard and sped away down Middleton Grove. Both clients were never seen at the Racids again.
Do you think hes dead? asked Racid to no one in particular.
He must be, interjected Chrissy, who was joined by her daughter.
Look at his face: its all smashed in! cried Katherine, who although winded in her fall down the steps, was, apart from a few minor pains, relatively unscathed.
Never mind that, what are we going to do? screamed Racid. I dont think well be seeing those other two clients again, and as for that Paki bastard behind me, but the Paki bastard had by this time gone back into the house and was dressing.
Racid addressed Mohammed, who was standing there numb. Can you tell if hes dead or not, Mohammed?
I think he is, Racid. We should think about burying him.
But what happens if hes not dead, exclaimed Chrissy. You cant bury him then, can you?
All four people looked at one another stupidly, whilst the boy continued to die.
Ahmed returned to the yard. He appeared greatly agitated and grabbed hold of Mohammed and dragged him towards the Ford Granada. Once away from earshot of the Racids, he addressed his friend, Those two blokes who left earlier wont say anything, Mo, cause then their family and friends would find out they visit this brothel; thats why they left so suddenly. Were safe with them. Kevin, Racids son, has the prostitutes locked up in the back bedroom, so theyve not seen or heard anything, so were ok with them. The Racids wont say anything as their sordid business would be finished. That thing on the floor is dead, and so theres no point hanging around is there?
No, came the timid reply.
Good, now lets help the Racids get rid of the body. He then motioned towards the Racids and Shabir on the floor.
Look! Hes twitching! Katherine cried. He must still be alive.
All looked down at the body on the floor. The twitching was followed by another spasm, and then by sudden and violent convulsions of his body before Shabir gave up his life on this earth.
I think hes dead now, declared Ahmed. Racid get some plastic sheeting and a spade. Well have to bury his body in the woods.
Racid returned shortly afterwards with the spade and plastic sheeting. Ahmed, with the help of Mohammed and Racid, wrapped the dead body of Shabir and carried it towards the woodlands. Chrissy was sent in front of them, and Katherine was made to follow in their rear and warn them of any strangers.
No one did see the five people that night to bury the body. They dug the grave deep enough to prevent a dog or other such creature from smelling the corpse. After they had finished, they returned to the Racids and cleaned up the yard of blood. Petrol was poured onto the gravel and the congealed blood and set on fire. All then went into the house to bathe and scrub themselves with a passion. All the clothes were put into an incinerator bin, which was normally used by Racid to burn the plastic off copper, and then petrol was poured onto the clothes, and they were torched to ashes. Racid gave the two respectable Asian businessmen some clothes to get themselves home in.
There, thats sorted that, declared Ahmed triumphantly. If no one now opens their mouths, nothing will be done. The coppers will simply put it down to another Paki gone back to Pakistan to get married. All agreed? he demanded.
They all agreed. Ahmed and Mohammed got into the Ford Granada, whilst Chrissy opened the gates for the car and its occupants to leave. She then closed the gate shut.
The following night a call was made to the local police station, situated just off Dewsbury Road, by two worried parents that their son had not returned home since the previous day. The two anxious parents were told by the police that if their son did not turn up in the morning, then they were to contact the police station again. He did not turn up, and the parents called back.
They were then asked to call in person to the police station and to complete a missing persons form. The police informed Shabirs parents that on account of his age, and the customary practice of many teenagers to simply disappear for the night and then return the following day, only a record of his absence was to be recorded at the present time. They checked hospital admissions and other such establishments, but nothing of Shabir was found. When the boy hadnt turned up upon the fourth day, two officers were dispatched to the case. It was these very policemen that closed the whole sordid practice of the Racids.
The policemen interviewed all those directly connected with Shabir, and that meant Ahmed was interviewed also, along with his wife, Sofia, Shabirs sister, to whom Ahmed was married. Nothing was found, so the two officers broadened their search and began to seek out friends of Shabir to determine if they knew anything of his strange disappearance; but again, there was no luck. Each avenue investigated yielded nothing. Then a breakthrough came in the most unexpected way.
One of the police officers had recently been trying unsuccessfully to stop smoking. Hed regrettably had a cigarette that morning and was as determined as ever not to have another one. As he and his police colleague were passing a newsagent on Tempest Road, he informed his colleague that he was going to nip into the shop for some chewing gum, which he promptly did. The other officer, feeling a little peckish and desiring a Mars bar, decided to join him. Both police officers picked up what they wanted and made their way to the shop assistant. 
Ill pay for that, said the first police officer, and he gestured to the shop assistant that he would pay for both the gum and the Mars bar.
82p please, the man behind the counter said. A pound coin was passed over; the change given, and both officers set off towards the exit door when the Asian shopkeeper asked, Have you heard any more about Shabir?
No, Im afraid we havent. Do you know anything? one of the policeman asked in reply.
I saw him the day he went missing. He came in here to buy some crisps, which he did every day. Shabir is a nice lad, not like most of them round here. That Friday, I remember, he seemed in a very happy mood, and when I asked him what made him so happy, he replied that he was going to show Ahmed up for what he was.
What did he mean by that? asked one of the police officers, who had become greatly interested in what the shopkeeper had to say.
I dont know because when I asked him to explain, he replied, Youll see. I warned him that Ahmed was not a man to be made a fool of. Ahmed is Shabirs brother in law. I cant stand him. I used to know him a few years ago, but then I found out something about him, and after that I didnt want to know him.
What did you find out about him? inquired the police officer.
O, nothing illegal; simply I got to know him and didnt like him, thats all, came the reply.
What the shopkeeper would have like to have said is that he was one of the men all those years back who had witnessed Ahmeds horrific attack on the three youths in Cross Flats Park. After that attack, the shopkeeper had decided to keep Ahmed at a distance and not get involved with him.
Did the boy say anything else about Ahmed?
No, only that he was going show Ahmed up for what he was, or something to that effect, but he said nothing else, the shopkeeper concluded.
We may have to come back and take a statement, Mr. ?
Rashid, my names Rashid. Shabir has a friend, Khalid, who lives two doors down from here. He may know something.
The officers thanked the shopkeeper and left the shop. Outside, they retrieved the notes theyd written down when they interviewed Ahmed earlier. There was nothing untoward that would have aroused any suspicion.
The officers walked down to the house theyd been directed to and knocked on the door.
A young lad of about 14 years of age answered the door.
Are you Khalid? asked one of the officers.
What do you want to know for? came the curt reply.
Is your name Khalid? the officer persisted.
Why? came an arrogant reply.
The police officer asking the questions was beginning to lose patience with the boy when a middle aged man emerged from one of the rooms behind the boy and said, Yes, his name is Khalid. What do you want him for?
The man then invited the police into the house, where they questioned Khalid at length to find out what he did on the day Shabir had gone missing, what he knew of Ahmed, and Shabirs relationship and grievance with him.
The boy told them everything he could think of. He related how Shabir hated Ahmed, and how he thought Ahmed was giving some white chick one behind his sisters back; and how Shabir would return the disgrace on him. More importantly, he told the police that Shabir had told him how Ahmed gave this white chick one at some scrap yard up near the woods. The police noted everything down, thanked the lad and his father, and then left.
They returned to interview Ahmed, who kept extraordinarily cool during the interview. They asked for an alibi for the Friday night in question, to which Ahmed replied that both he and his friend, Mohammed, drove over to Manchester for a meal, but Mohammed, upon arrival in Manchester, felt sick, and therefore, they returned home without eating.
The two police officers did not believe this account, sensing it was very contrived.
Ahmed had already got Mohammed to agree to this story when they had driven away from the Racids on that dreadful night. When the police interviewed Mohammed, his story agreed in detail with everything that Ahmed had said, even down to the topics of conversation in the car, and the selection of music theyd listened to. It struck the officers as strange that both Ahmed and Mohammed should both have very vivid recollections of that night; how they could remember such insignificant detail. This persuaded the police even more that they were both men were lying, and that Mohammed was covering up for his friend. The police knew they were in need of habeas corpus, and in such urgency, they set off for to interview the occupants at the scrap-yard before the woods.
The Racids, although remarkably astute in making money, were remarkably stupid in other matters. They foolishly thought that once the body was rid of, the matter would be ended. Their only grievance over the death of the boy was that they had lost four clients in one go. Racid had given his daughter a severe beating for letting the boy into the house. Chrissy had had to intervene, lest he went too far. Racid was secure in the knowledge that none of the prostitutes knew anything and neither did Nicholas. Finally, he decided that they were fine to continue their business.
The two police officers arrived back at the station just before 8pm in the evening and informed their superintendent what they had learnt so far, and how the next step of the inquiry led to the property on the edge of the wood. The superintendent deemed it imperative that they visit this scrap-yard immediately to see if anything could be learnt. After that, if nothing could be found out, he would ask Manchester traffic police for CCTV footage of the cars entering Manchester when Ahmed and Mohammed had said theyd visited.
Within ten minutes, a police car pulled up outside the Racids domain. They found the gate locked, but the lights in the house were on. Three dogs barked at the back of the house, but because they did not venture forward, the policemen correctly assumed they were chained up.
The commotion brought Chrissy to the window. She saw the police car and quickly disappeared behind the curtain again. The police officers knew that the woman had seen them, so why hadnt she come to the door? This they thought strange, and even after a few minutes, no one opened the door of the house.
Sound the bell again, urged the policeman of his colleague, which the latter did, three more times, so that anyone in the house would have heard. That should make them aware of our presence, Jim. It did, because this time a young girl emerged from the front door and leisurely made her way to the police at the gate.
From the moment Chrissy had seen the police at the gate, all the Racid household became filled with horror and alarm: they ran about screaming at one another; their clients knew they couldnt escape and simply sat there with terror and shame upon their faces; the girls were packed off into the attic with Kevin, who was given instructions to hit the first bitch that opened her mouth. The rest of the occupants decided it would be best to simply sit around the kitchen table and pretend to talk. It was this perfectly unnatural scene into which Katherine led the police officers.
The two police officers entered the kitchen and surveyed hard the scene before their eyes. Sat around the table was a scruffy little man, Racid, with an unshaven chin; a scruffy woman of about the same age, although she looked older on account of her dishevelled appearance; two very smartly dressed gentlemen in suits; and a teenager girl of about sixteen years of age, who had brought the officers in.
Racid spoke first, Good evening, officers. What can I do for you? he asked. These two gentlemen here are just about to leave. Theyve brought the car outside for me to buy, but I dont think Ill bother now, he added.
You wont be needing us two will you, officer? one of the smartly dressed men asked, and he rose upon his feet.
We need to speak to the owner of this property, one of the officers declared.
That would be me, Racid answered, My name is Gerard Racid and I own the property.
In that case, we neednt keep you both waiting, the officer replied to the man in the smart suit; but before you leave, I would like you to produce some ID for my colleague here, so that if we need to, we can get in touch with you. If you cannot produce any identification, you will have to accompany us to the station. Both the men in the smart suits winced visibly and then produced the relevant ID, and then were allowed to leave.
Katherine was ordered upstairs, and the police began to question Racid and his wife. They asked many questions regarding the missing Shabir, and had they seen a young Asian lad hanging around the yard. To each and every question the Racids replied that they had never seen or heard of the young Asian lad.
Was that your daughter who let us in just now, Mrs Racid? enquired one of the officers.
Yes. Why do you want to know? her eyes staring out of their sockets.
Just asking thats all, Mrs Racid.  Is it only you three who live here?
There was a long, uncomfortable pause, before Racid answered in the affirmative. It did not go unnoticed.
Do you work, Mr Racid? the officer continued.
No; I cant cause of my back.
Do you work, Mrs Racid? the other officer asked the same question.
No, as I suffer from many of those menopauses, the idiot replied.
Have you heard of a Mr Ahmed Rashid, an Asian businessman, a very respectable one, from what I hear, he questioned.
No, I dont know of that name, Officer.
Do you know of a Mr Ahmed Rashid, Chrissy, Racid asked of his wife.
Never heard of the name, anyway, by the sound of it hes a Paki, and I wont have one of those bastards in my house, she hissed.
Ignoring the racism, the officer continued, So youve both never heard of Mr Ahmed Rashid?
No, came the reply from both characters.
Have you heard of a young lad by the name of Shabir Hussain? the second officer asked.
Once again both Racids replied in the negative.
The officers suspicion had been aroused sufficiently to think that the pair sat at the table were lying.
Does anyone else live here with you? interrogated the first officer.
No, no one else lives here with us. Racid was beginning to become increasingly anxious. He knew the police were going to ask if they could have a look around, and to deny them meant they would only return with a warrant, whilst watching the place in the meantime.
Racid was secure in the knowledge that the girls were hid upstairs, and that the attic access was cleverly hid. He felt if the police did ask to have a look around, he would have to say, Yes, even though that meant the police would see inside those rooms. He concluded that they would easily guess he ran a brothel, but without the girls, they would have to prove it. He knew that when the police had left, he would have to get rid of the girls, and although hed lose his treasured income, everything would be sorted. He also knew that the girl, who had been with Ahmed on that night, was safe in another brothel in London. He knew Nicholas would not appear from the outhouse, and the proximity of the dogs would deter any search there.
Do you mind if we have a look around, Mr Racid? asked the first Officer.
Racid tried to act as innocent as possible and replied, No. This is the kitchen. Come with me and Ill show you the rest of the house.
Racid showed them the whole of the house, apart from the attic. A visit to the first room with its seedy dcor and sordid trappings was enough to suggest to both officers that Racid and his wife were running some sort of a brothel, and that the two smartly dressed gentlemen earlier were clients.
However, where were the girls? They couldnt arrest Racid or his wife with no girls to prove that the house was been used for prostitution. They assumed the girls were probably immigrants, and when they, the police, had entered by the front door, the prostitutes had run off by the back door and had simply ran off.
When the two officers and Racid returned back to the kitchen, the first officer addressed Racid. Mr Racid, its quite apparent that youre running some sort of a brothel here, and that those two smartly dressed gentlemen earlier were clients of yours. No doubt whilst weve been talking, youve let the girls loose, and theyve run off somewhere  it was only later that they found out the girls had been kept there against their will  You and your prostitutes will be of great interest to my colleagues in the vice department, whom, Im sure, will be visiting your abode shortly. 
Both Police officers now made a vital mistake in their understanding of the situation. They quite rightly determined that the Racids were running a brothel, but their feeling of success at this discovery somehow deflected their interrogation from connecting Mr Ahmed Rashid as a client, or more importantly, Mr Ahmed Rashid was visiting the white chick, and was being followed by Shabir to this house. That connection would have meant that other officers would have been called and the spade, which was used to dig the grave for young Shabirs body, had tiny fragments of blood on it, and would have been found. 
As it was, the officers left the yard, and it was only Racid, who at the last moment, remembered the spade was the only item that hadnt been cleaned when they buried the boys body. The spade was recovered from the shed where it was kept, doused in petrol, and scrubbed clean. When the police finally inspected the spade, it was clean of all trace of Shabirs blood. The officers also made another fatal mistake.
When they had left the Racid property, it was quite dark, and one of the police officers decided to have a quick look around part of the perimeter fence to see if he could find one of the prostitutes that he and his colleague had thought had fled earlier. Such was their fascination with their sordid discovery, they temporarily forgot the main reason why they were here. Even when the officer stumbled over Shabirs hidden bike in the bush, he still didnt make the connection, but instead shouted in hurt, Ive just scraped my leg on some scrap bike! A closer inspection, however, would have determined that the bike was anything but scrap. However, because there was no street lighting up at this point, it was difficult to tell the true state of the bike; but if the officer had have kept focused upon the main reason he and his colleague were there, he would have possibly known the bike was there for a reason. 
 They left the Racid property and returned back to the station. Racid flew into action. He ordered all the girls to be brought down immediately. Chrissy was ordered to tell Nicholas to get the van out of the shed, open the gates, and wait near the front door with it. The plan was for Nicholas and the Racid son to get the six girls into the van and drive them to London and sold.
Whilst the girls were being changed, and the van brought round the front, Racid tried hard to remember if there were anything else which would connect the boy to the yard or the house. It was only now he recalled with horror: the spade. He ordered Kevin to quickly get the bitches in the van and when it was done, drive off. Racid then ran round the back of the building to clean the spade of any traces of blood.
Nicholas stood at the back of the van as the girls were brought out in a line. Chrissy and her daughter, Katherine, ran back inside to get rid of any remaining evidence. Lisa was the first to get into the back of the van. Kevin was just about to put another girl in when Nicholas tapped him gently on the shoulder. Kevin swung his shoulders round and gawped at Nicholas. For a few seconds they remained in this fixed state. A moment later, Nicholas buried his fist hard into the temple of Kevin. The single blow felled the idiot. Nicholas calmly walked round the drivers side, got into the vehicle and drove off, taking Lisa with him, and leaving the five Russian girls to look aghast at the scene.
They remained stood there outside the house, not quite knowing what was happening, and speaking Russian as to what may be happening. They were there for five minutes before Racid returned after seeing to the spade.
The moment he saw the Russian girls, the prostrate and unconscious Kevin on the floor and no van, he knew Nicholas had done a runner.
He ran right up to his son on the floor and with all his might booted him in the ribs, breaking four of them in the process. You idiot! he screamed. He would have given the idiot another kick, but with horror, he heard several police sirens heading up Middleton Grove. He tried to get the Russian girls to run, shouting at them, Youre free! Go on. Fuck off! Go!
His wife and daughter came out of the house, and they too tried with words, punches and kicks to get the girls to run away; but the girls only wandered toward the open gate; not knowing quite what to do. It was at this moment the police cars arrived in force.
Upon leaving the Racids earlier and returning to the station, the two officers, after they had taken some refreshment in the canteen and flirted with the two women who worked there, returned to their office, began to read their e-mails, and discuss trivial matter. After half an hour, a colleague entered the office and stated that a witness had earlier reported he had seen Shabir riding a bike up Middleton Grove towards the scrap-yard on the Friday night in question. Remembering the bike the officer had scraped his leg on, both officers stared at one another.
Cars were immediately dispatched to the Racids; but the spade, the last piece of evidence connecting Racid and all the others to the crime of murder was cleaned well and good.
All the characters were arrested and the truth of the brothel was out. Racid and his family said nothing of Nicholas and Lisa, deeming it best to keep quiet about it. However, the other girls did mention Lisa, but the police were unable to find her in the days following. It was only when they contacted by the London police force, were they able to account for all the girls imprisoned at the Racids on that fateful day. 
No evidence could be found connecting Racid or his wife with the disappearance of the Shabir boy, and, therefore, no prosecution was brought against the Racids. The police thought that Shabir had probably visited the Racids, but only from the outside of the property to spy on his brother in law and his friend, Mohammed. Both the two Asian businessmen denied ever being there, and since there was no evidence to suggest the contrary, neither man was prosecuted.
Mohammed kept his word and did not grass on his friend, Ahmed. Inwardly he felt he owed young Shabir some honour, but his unwillingness to do anything meant he did exactly that: nothing.
As for the Racid children, the social services intervened after the arrest of their parents, and after being interviewed, were taken to a safe place of care.
Best to keep the brother and sister together, stated the senior social worker to her colleagues. Theyve been through a lot with their evil parents, who are now locked up, and the children will need the support of each other. Brother and sister love and all that. Agreed?
All agreed.
In the safe home, the duty matron kindly said to Katherine and Kevin, Your rooms are next to each other in case you need to talk; anything else you want, just ask. The brother and sister were led to their adjacent rooms.
At 9pm that night, as the duty matron passed Kevins room, she heard energetic noises coming from coming from within. The door was slightly open and she peered round it to see sister and brother naked and having sex.
The following day the children were split up and never saw one another again. Years later Katherine was a well-known prostitute and crack addict soliciting her trade in the red light districts of Leeds, and her brother, Kevin, was in prison for fifteen years for raping three young girls.
Six months later Racid and his wife appeared before the Leeds Crown Court. Both characters had been held in custody awaiting trial for child abduction, imprisonment, and child prostitution. At their trial, Gerard and Chrissy Racid were found guilty and both sentenced to twelve years in prison. Both did only six.

Chapter 29

The strangers wait wasnt long. Within half an hour, the obese man began to stir and writhe on the floor. His flesh began to twitch as his senses regained their hold. Slowly he became aware of his surroundings. 
At first, his vision was dazed, blurred because of the two blows to the side of his head. A ringing noise sounded in his ears, and his body felt heavy. He felt himself naked, and at first thought he was having some terrible dream, so he shut his eyes, and then opened them again, hoping the nightmare would vanish. However, it didnt. If anything, it increased in intensity. 
The fat man could now begin to discern what appeared to be a series of stalls encircling him, with much stuff placed upon them. He could not determine what articles were there, as the dim light of the candles, combined with him lying on the floor, prevented identification. He resolved to raise himself off the bell pit floor and get up upon his feet. Normally this was a trial in itself for the 28 stone man, but on this occasion the effort had to be trebled on account of his recent injuries. As he tried to raise himself up, first upon his knees, then upon one foot, and knee, with hand supporting, then with both feet, while all the while he let out deep groans of discomfort and hurt. Finally, he had raised his large upon his feet, and stood there in amazement.
Before him, and all around him were small tables laced and decorated with the most exquisite foods: foods from all four corners of the globe: meats, fishes, pies, sweets, pastries, buns, chocolate, nuts, and everything one could think of to tempt the taste from ones mouth. Behind each of the foods stood all manner of wines, beers, and spirits; and behind them, raised above all the rest were small platforms covered in black satin strips of material; and upon these were lines of cocaine, prepared, presented and ready to be taken.
The fat man spun around, as fast as his large frame would allow, and with each turn, the same delicious spectacle met his eyes; but for perhaps the first time in his life, satisfying his appetite was not paramount upon the seat of his mind: his safety was, and his fear and horror as to the realisation of where he was. He stood there in terror, unable to grasp the true nature of his reality, unable to comprehend the ghastly incongruity of all these treats before his eyes with the black and awful place in which he now stood. 
He took a step back and felt something at his heal. He looked down and saw a human skull, with the eye cavities staring up at him. He started and let out a pitiful cry.
There is a skull behind you, Paul, came a voice from behind the shadows.
The fat man nearly suffered a coronary there and then when he heard those dreadful words uttered. He stared hard into the darkness to determine the author of the sound, but could not do so.
Who are you? the fat man squealed. 
There was no reply.
Who the hell are you? he screamed. 
Still there was no reply.
For gods sake, who are you? he shouted. This time, however, a reply did emerge from behind the gloom.
Strange how you appeal first for ..Hells sake.., and then for Gods sake, to make sense of your present reality, Paul. Since you have never given anything unto your God, why do you think He will help you now? I know your God has forsaken you now, because you never did Him any good. You never in your life, once, did an act of kindness for another, Paul, did you?
Who are you? How do you know my name? the glutton interjected.
Never mind that, Paul, he said, I know much about you. In fact I now know everything about you, and the stranger began to walk from out of the gloom in slow measured steps.
The fat man upon seeing the terrifying figure stepped back himself and fell over something, crashing on to the floor with his huge body. There was a muffled snap as his shoulder bone snapped, but because of the folds of fat enveloping it, it failed to raise the familiar crack sound.
Arrrrgghhh, the man cried in true pain.
I did tell you there was another skull, Paul, didnt I? I did warn you, but you didnt listen to what was good for you, and now youve paid the price, just like in life: you never listened to what was good, only concerned yourself for what was bad, and this is the reason you are now here with me, the Judge, Jury, and Executioner of your damnable soul, hissed the stranger. He continued, That skull youve just tripped over, in fact both skulls, were two other people who didnt care to listen to what was good, they only concerned their ugly souls with all that was bad. For them it was lust that took their souls to eternal damnation and torments in Hell; for you it is gluttony, which will condemn your flesh to death and your soul to torments in Hell. 
Do you want to know how the two lusty creatures came to meet their end? Well do you? the stranger demanded of the fat man. Since you dont reply Ill tell you: I cooked them in fat; in their own heat of flesh as it were. Only their heads were left uncooked, since their heads had held the reason and rationality to prevent the sins of lust they committed, but their reason neglected to do so, and, therefore, I, too, neglected cooking their heads, so as to remind the lusty pair of what shouldve been, and what could have saved their awful souls. He paused for a moment while the fat man whimpered in pain, but still was listening. And what do you think your crime, vice, or sin was and is Paul? the stranger demanded.
I dont know. Ive never killed, he replied.
One doesnt need to kill someone to hurt them, and by senseless hurting of others, Paul, you are sinning; do you not understand that? he questioned. The fat man gave no reply and simply sat on the floor numb with the horror of his present reality, and striving amidst this horror to imagine what fate would be meted out to him.
Stand up, the Stanger ordered of the glutton. Stand up, before I hurt you, he added menacingly.
The fat man struggled to his feet and stood there naked and trembling.
I dont want to physically hurt you, Paul, as I can see from the mess that is your body that you have done enough of that already. Did you not think for one second back at the Racids  the mention of the Racids sent a shudder through the fat mans body  that what you did there hurt and harmed the health and welfare of others? Did you not think, Paul, your abuse of those girls, your relentless quest to satiate your own desire was killing their souls, hurting their souls, and tainting the purity of their souls? Did you not think on that particular night when you had food crammed down a young girls throat, had beer forced down it, and then made her snort a hideous drug, did you not, for one tiny second did you not think that what you were doing was wrong and an abuse against another soul? 
I was high on cocaine, and didnt know what I was doing, came the meek reply.
No sooner had the fat man uttered these words did the stranger purposefully stride over to the naked fat man and smash his fist into his face, so that he fell down onto his knees.
If you were high and didnt know what you were doing, why did you go back time and time again to re-enact something that you didnt know what you was doing? The stranger had now become quite violent and fierce. The fat man on his knees trembled. He wanted to say something in his defence, but there was nothing to say, and all he could do was to stare in stupefaction at the stranger.
The stranger began to pace slowly around the fat man, circling him whilst never taking his gaze of him. Im going to leave you now, Paul. I am not going to physically taint myself with hurting you. Im going to let you harm your own mind. Im going to let your gluttony plead for mercy to your own reason. In other words: youre going to die thinking upon what your gluttony as always desired: food, drink, and drugs. Unfortunately, I cannot, nor do I want to, offer your other desire, that which brought harm to many girls at the Racids: sex. There will be none of that on show, Paul. After your death, a Hell awaits your soul; think on that, Paul; keep your mind on that, because however awful youre going to find the coming days, remember this: when you die, it will be a thousand times worse in the perpetual torments of Hell. 
With this the man walked towards the corner of the cavern and programmed some device, which lit a light at one side of the chamber, so that the food remained seen, even in the thick darkness beyond.
Ive made sure, Paul, that when one light is extinguished, because of lack of power, another will kick on, and allow your gluttony to view the pleasures, which have damned your soul. With this last thought, the stranger made his way to the exit, leading up from the bell pit, and immediately began his ascent without looking back at the fat man knelt there on the cavern floor surrounding by all manner of food, drugs, and drink.
The glutton heard the bell pit seal being drawn across the opening, and as it did so, a shaft of light crashed on to the chamber below; within a couple of brief moments, however, the light was once again gone, and a deep and awful silence prevailed.
The fat man looked again around himself, and at himself, and lamented the wretched state in which he was now in; but no remorse came to his being, only distracted stratagems of how he could escape. He surveyed intensely the bolt fixed immovably to the stone rooted in the floor of the pit; he tried to yank it, but he soon realised that he could pull away on that chain for the next thousand years, but he wouldnt be able to budge it. He scanned the chain for any weak link, and pulled and tugged upon every single one, but again to no avail. Finally, he stood up and looked at the dainty dishes spread out before him and around him, and he began to salivate at the mouth. Still he did not think upon the reason he was there. His thoughts now became preoccupied with satisfying his gluttony. I may as well eat something until I can find a way out of here, he convinced himself. 
With this purpose he made his way to the table with the most appetizing treats displayed and the longest lines of coke. He took a few short steps forward and then was halted by the short length of the extended chain. The food, drink, and drugs were all just a finger away from his grasp. The glutton made his way to another table, and to his intense annoyance, the same obstacle he encountered. Each table the glutton attempted to visit lay just beyond his reach: none could be reached; not even a little morsel of food. A sudden horror of realisation gripped hard the fat mans being: he was doomed down here, doomed to die of thirst and starvation, whilst all around was the very stuff that could grant a stay of death. And each time the gluttons being felt pain, he recalled with alarming terror the words of his captor: After your death, a Hell awaits your soul; think on that, Paul, keep your mind on that; because however awful youre going to find the coming days, remember this: when you die, it will be a thousand times worse in the perpetual torments of Hell.
The glutton lasted six days in untold horror, before he finally succumbed to death, and allowed his soul to be gathered in by the Devil.
Chapter 30

After Nicholas had left the Racids, on the night they were undone, he had driven the van without stopping down towards London. As the weather worsened, he pulled the van up on the hard shoulder of the M25 and abandoned it with Lisa still in the back. Lisa had waited with great trepidation, not daring to leave the van, lest the Racids were there, but the numbing cold drove her out of the van and into the icy tempest of the storm. All the motorway was choked with snow; no vehicle could move along it. Lisa knew she would have to leave the van and find some kind of help.
The night was terrible. All day long winter had held his breath, but upon the advent of night a storm was unleashed, which London had not seen for many decades. Winds, wild and raging roared beneath a great weight of dark cloud, which in turn let fall its charge of snow. It was amazing to see snow heavy, blasted by the winter winds and being battered against every obstacle and tormenting the little people of the capital.
Lisa had been struggling against the storm for over an hour when she stepped across the Amersham exit on the M25, not far from Rickmansworth, a road normally crammed with ants of traffic. However, no car could pass the load of snow now pressed upon the pass, and only the faint lights of the street-lamps shone. She looked around, but there was nothing, only the overwhelming snow storm. Her feet were frozen, and her little being had passed the stage of shivering and had become numb. The only the pain was that of her own flesh crying out for warmth. Her mind too had become laden and heavy with both cold and sleep. It was as though the storm stroked the embers of sleep within her, and she saw upon the ground a white nest of carpet and sleep, but she knew she had to go onwards. She tried to set off, but staggered, unable to support her little legs in the deepening snow, and without the charge of energy afforded by food, she fell into the waiting snow; her flimsy cloth of red prostitution held little security against winters worst, and the snow blew its little, deathly flakes up the opened folds of her clothes to rest upon the coldening flesh of her body.
Too exhausted and cold to pull her little limbs in and curl herself into a ball, she felt the snow hit her face. It felt warm. She looked down towards the breath of her mouth and could see the snowflakes being turned into icicles with her breath. Lisa smiled and her eyes began to close. She remembered the dream of the Pacific and of her parents. She wanted to relax completely and join them; but she couldnt. Something stopped her. It was a light.
As she lay in the snow, Lisa could see a yellow light flickering upon a small hill above her. She was falling fast into the folds of the storm and everlasting sleep, but this light kept a relentless flicker of warmth against the cold of white snow. She remembered her fathers words, Lisa, look always towards the light of life, my sweet, and be happy. 
Lisa felt suffused with memory past and lifted herself up, and with the storm raging ever stronger around her, she moved towards the light.
The light came from a little make-shift camp resting beneath a lonely tree. It was compacted with a wanton array of broken doors, carpets were slung over the top, with its whole edifice gradually being swallowed by the enveloping snowstorm. Lisa could see little chinks of yellow light flickering from within. She struggled towards the den and fell to her knees, and with utmost effort, the young girl pressed upon the door with her hands. It opened slowly. She felt the warmth leap out to her; a warmth intermingled with crisps of cold, and the heavy smell of alcohol. She shuffled inside and shut the door.
Inside was a veritable nest of vagrancy. A figure lay sideways on, facing a candle, covered in an army of cloth and clothes, and muttering shuffled sounds to the storm outside. 
By this time Lisa was delirious with fatigue, and totally divorced from rational sense. Only her irrational being beat a sense and drove her on towards the warmth of life. Without thought, she pulled herself along the floor and began to creep under the comfort of carpet and cloth covering the strange figure nestled hard within its fold.
The figure within started and its body stiffened. Lisa nestled closer. She lifted a little arm out of the heavy quilts and felt the back of a head. She pushed her arm further in among the neck and arm, and pulled the figure closer to her. There was no resistance. It shuffled again, and with an arm pulled the whole of his wrapping around Lisa and himself, so she faced him, and both were lost in the mountain of coats. 
Although Lisa was barely conscious, she could smell the heavy draft of alcohol on the man, and she remembered the Racids and her torment; but strangely, she lowered her head and rested it upon his chest. She could hear his heart, and the breath of his lungs. Lisa could not see man. She could not understand him, but she felt a strange warmth from him. The storm outside was still raging, but within she felt an immense calm. Unconsciousness was swift. The stranger felt a change pass through the girls breathing.
Are you okay?
No reply; instinctively he knew something was wrong, and that he had to secure medical attention. He quickly lifted the weight of clothes holding him down and shuffled out from beneath their nest.
Lisa was past shivering, and could feel the warmth of eternity pulling her towards the skies above. She remembered the seas once pushing her towards the bottom of an ocean; but that image passed; and now she could see that light only dying people see.
The stranger lifted Lisas little frame, and against the elements, made his way to Amershams hospital a mile or so away. 
The journey was hard, and the stranger felt exhausted when he let fall Lisas body upon the stretcher outside the hospital. He fell upon the cold snow, unable to do no more. There, outside and beneath the cold, yellow light, the white snow, and the storm of flakes, they both lay. 
A medic walked casually towards these two strange figures: one on a stretcher, the other slumped on the ground. 
He radioed, Just got a girl: probably unconscious; and an elderly man on the floor. I think hes pissed. He reeks of alcohol.
Get the girl some attention; pull the drunk to the side, and inform the police to question him, came the reply.
The porter tugged upon the stretcher, and in the snow wheeled it through the doors of Accident and Emergency. The man lay panting upon the floor, his face disappearing beneath the flakes of full snow falling.
Is this the tramp? asked one of the porters.
Looks like it. You grab the top and Ill grab his legs.
They hoisted the man into a chair. He was mumbling to himself as they carted him off into the hospital.
Lisa was unconscious for little more than a day. The hospital nursed back her senses and allayed the delirium of her state. 
When she was deemed to be fully composed of her senses, Lisa was visited by two police officers. 
Im Detective Morrison and this Detective Carver. We are going to ask you a few questions if thats alright?
Yes, but Im Russian, and only have a small understanding of English, replied Lisa.
Thats fine; well only ask a few simple questions about yourself.
The detectives quickly realised Lisa had a very good understanding of English, and could speak the language too with fluency.
The police officers had intended upon interviewing the girl for a few minutes only, but as her story unfolded they ended up spending most of the morning with her. They listened with incredulity to the narrative of her childhood, of the death of her parents, and her abduction from Russia at the hands of her uncle Miklas in St. Petersburg. They heard of her journey to England and of her imprisonment and enforced prostitution in a place in England; but no matter how hard they pressed her for names and places of her imprisonment, they could not elicit from her anything that would lead to the capture and imprisonment of her tormentors. All the police had, when they finally left, were vague descriptions of the men and women who had abused her, the strange figure who had liberated her and driven her to London, and more detailed descriptions of the Racids and their children. As regards location and identity of such, Lisa could only describe the fields around Racids property and the grey slate of some roofs in the distance.
The police had nothing substantial or significant to develop their inquiry. They had a lost teenage girl of Russian origin and nothing more.
Do you think shes telling the truth, asked Morrison of his colleague.
Yes, but I dont believe well ever bring to justice the criminals guilty of her plight. The only thing that can be nailed in this is this uncle Miklas; shes given us enough evidence to warrant a conviction for abduction in his case; that is if the Russian police do their bit, of course. They learned some years later that uncle Maslak was never brought to justice.
The only remaining line of enquiry the detectives had left was to interview the strange man who had brought Lisa unconscious to the hospital. Lisa had told the officers what she could remember of that night. She made it clear, however, that the man had done nothing more than help her in the tempest of that night.
 The psychiatric ward was separated from the main part of the hospital. Officers Morrison and Carter quickly hurried through the snow which was still fairly deep on the ground, although the weather had eased somewhat from the storm of the previous night.
Upon entering the ward, Carter asked of the duty nurse, I believe you have a man, about sixty who was brought in last night?
Oh, yes, that would Mr Puddling.
Wed like to ask him a few questions if we may. Im Officer Carter and this is Officer Morrison. Identification was produced to verify the officers.
Come this way, officers, and Ill show where he is. Im afraid hes a little distant, if you know what I mean? and she paused to look at the officers.
I think I know what you mean, Morrison replied.
The duty nurse, accompanied by the two following officers, entered a small ward with only a few patients. Mr Puddling was sat by the window.
Mr Puddling, these police officers would like a little word with you if they may?
If they may? Why to uphold the machinery of the law; to grease with juice its efficiency, and to strike out the truth from where there are lies is a duty worthy of a noble man! whereupon he started out of the chair where he was sat, and fairly bounded towards the two officers, who were visibly startled at such a strange creature.
 Let me acquire two chairs, Officers, before we begin, so that your derrieres may purchase some ease. Mr Puddling ran to the other side of his bed to bring the chairs.
A right nutcase here, Jim, whispered Morrison to his colleague.
Mr Puddling meticulously stationed the chairs beside the bed, and then flung himself upon it, coming to land in a reclining position with his head propped upon his arm just like the voluptuous poses painted by great artists of the past. The nurse, noticing Mr Puddling had failed to realise his hospital gown had risen to an unseemly height, and was, without ceremony, revealing the full picture of those things which should not be seen, exclaimed, Mr Puddling, please, youre showing a little too much! and she pointed to the offending garment. 
The officers simply stared, unable to comprehend the ghastly scene exposed before their eyes. Jeeese, muttered Carter, watching Mr Puddling pull down his gown.
Now, officers, what can do for you? asked Mr Puddling unashamedly.
A few seconds passed with all three looking stupidly at one another. 
The girl you brought in the other night, where did you find her?
I found her in the garden regions of London. She was like a spirit white and invisible in the snow. I brought her here because I could feel her soul flying from her body. I know not her name, or the valley of birth where she was raised; all I know is an angel visited me, and asked me for help.
The officers were suddenly struck with remembrance that this weird man had gambled his own life in the storm to save the life of the young girl.
 Further questions were asked of Mr Puddling by the officers, but nothing of any significant value could be gathered from the patient, and the officers left with the indelible impression of such a weird character on their minds.
Lisa recovered well in the comfort of the hospital. She was afforded all the care and attention the Trust could offer. After three days, she was well enough to venture out from bed, and was encouraged to exercise her legs by the nurses, who had taken kindly to their little Russian lass as they called her.
Where is the man who brought me here? Lisa enquired of the nurse one afternoon. I would like to meet him.
He saved your life that man did, Lisa, the nurse replied, and Im so glad you wish to meet him. I met him. I was intrigued to find out who he was. He is a strange man, but not bad, just odd, I think. He is in the psychiatric ward over there, and she pointed out of the window to another building.
Do you think it would be possible for me to see him now, and thank him for his act of kindness?
Of course, Lisa; and he would love it too; Im sure.
The nurse gave instructions to Lisa; and the young girl set off with a strange attraction and thankfulness in her heart.
When Lisa arrived at the ward Mr Puddling was in an anxious state. 
You want to see Mr Puddling? asked the nurse.
Yes. Im Lisa.
Oh, youre the girl, Mr Puddling saved! exclaimed the nurse. Come this way; hell be so glad to see you. The nurse grabbed hold of Lisas hand and hurried her in the direction of Ward 5.
Mr Puddling was stood by the window watching the winter outside.
Mr Puddling, the girl, Lisa, who you brought in the other night has come to see you, the nurse blurted out.
Mr Puddling did not reply; nor did he turn round. He was silent for a moment and then spoke: Londons trembling with cold. Her lamps are flickering their yellow glow on the white snow below. The great swell of winter, when she unleashes the folds of cold snow upon the night of winds, is howling and raging. Little people huddle themselves inside their bleak coats, and with haste make their way to their little room of warmth. Listen, Lisa: Can you hear the soft press of snow falling upon the roof? Can you hear their crystals breaking? He paused in thought. Breaking, he muttered. How splendid is nature to construct from mists foaming at sea such storms of snow on land. Angry clouds carry the seas clamour, and with the wind we can feel and wonder at the sea upon a midnight silent. Breaking: Thats what I hear when the stars of ice fall from the black universe of space. I hear their breaking of crystal; but not strong; just soft tinkles as little innocent souls lift their being toward heaven. 
Heaven? Lisa muttered.
Yes, Heaven. Imagine a crystal of snow and in each arm of snow extending out from the crystal there lies a thousand souls, virtuous and good souls, waiting to be released upon the howling night. A winter storm isnt horrid; its a party of happiness; of souls in snowflakes leaving this life, and in rapture, whirling towards an everlasting life in Heaven. A snow storm is one big dating game, my little child. Each snow flake in the howling wind dances before the infinity of stars. She dances and the star pulls the snowflake and her soul towards his love. He can only see her fluttering white beauty in the storm across the galaxies, but knows, when she falls and breaks, and her little and beauteous soul is released, she will, in an instant of time, be with him, warm and beautiful in his arms. And that is why stars shine, little angel, to attract the snowflakes of love.
I dont understand your English, Mr Puddling, but Im sure you talk of something good.
Are you in good health now, my little angel?
I am, and would like to thank you, Mr Puddling, for saving my life.
Mr Puddling turned round and looked down at Lisa. Call me Sean, Lisa; call me Sean.
Thank you, Sean, Lisa whispered.
Some think Im mad, Lisa; maybe I am. I do not know.
Why would anyone think you mad, Sean? You have a kind and courageous heart, and I know you are not mad.
Lisa and Mr Puddling chatted for an hour or so before Lisa made her apologies and left.

Chapter 31

Six years had passed since the night Ahmed killed his son in law, Shabir. In all this time the man had held no conscience whatsoever for the murder hed committed. The only emotion he felt when he recalled that night was one of smiling to himself at the love of killing him and the ease with which hed escaped justice.
Ahmed now ran a moderately successful car wrapping operation; a business which hed stolen off a simple minded relative of his. The relative had developed his business to the point where he didnt have the time or the physical resources to expand his concern. Ahmed, sensing like a fox the opportunity to muscle in, as he put it, offered both financial support and another venue to wrap the cars. The relative, being of a somewhat simple business mind, pounced upon the offer and held dreams of great success. The business did expand, but the relative was constantly told that most of the proceeds needed to go into further expansion. When he finally confronted Ahmed and asked about his share in the business, the relative was pushed into a dark corner of the garage and told he should be thankful of Ahmeds support, and any further mention of the matter would result in Ahmed withdrawing his support and all the facilities and garages put together. You do well out of the business, Imran, and if I close the whole business down, youll have nothing, Ahmed declared. Imran thought about what had occurred, and sensing, or not knowing, or being absent of the faculty of mind to provide a solution as to what else to do, he acquiesced and thought something was better than the nothing Ahmed had threatened him with. Ahmed now took full control of the business and with the act severed the vestige of hope the relative had of securing a lucrative income. 
Ahmed was still married to Shabirs sister. He treat her with a cool savagery. After the death of her brother, Ahmed saw to it that she had nothing to with her family anymore. Suspicions were openly voiced by her extended family after the trial of the Racids and Ahmeds involvement in prostitution. Ahmed flipped this to his own advantage and banned his wife from any communication with her family. If I hear or suspect you have been in league with any of those bastards, Sofia, I will see to it you never speak again. To accompany such censorship Ahmed administered a very savage beating to his wife, which prevented her from leaving the house for three weeks.
Time passed and all connection with her family stopped. The only time Sofia was allowed out of the home was to visit Ahmeds family and for no other reason. Even upon the celebratory festival of Eid, when devoutful Muslims would set out on a series of visits and happy occasions, Sofia was only allowed to visit his extended family. 
Sofia was desperately unhappy with her marriage and life and thought often about the notion of suicide. However, upon the summer of one particular year an event of fate altered Sofias life forever.
It was Friday and Ahmed had been preparing for a visit to Manchester. He had asked his mother to stay over and keep an eye on his wife whilst he was gone. Every matter was sorted. He would visit his friend and together they would have a great time in the unsavoury parts of Manchester.
It was early evening, and the sun was still held in the sky when Ahmed drove his big car into a car park just off Manchesters city centre. Ahmed was now in his early forties. His hair had thinned out almost completely on his brown head, and a nest of black hair hid his chin; two grubby cheeks hung over the beard. He wore a flowery shirt, unbuttoned to his chest, revealing a raft of hair with a gold chain dangling within. After years of unhealthy eating, Ahmed carried a round stomach, which tried desperately to break out from the bond of buttons holding it in. His legs were rather short and appeared at a distance to be tucked under his large belly. Tight pants gave his legs a more ridiculous look, and only the long, pointed winkle shoes of white gaudiness distracted the eye from such an obscene scene. 
Ahmed had a few hours to kill before his rendezvous with a friend and decided to take a little sniff of his lovely, as he called it. He jumped back in the car, cast an attentive look around, lowered his body down, and opened a little compartment under the drivers seat. His head was still hung down when he became aware of a shadow and then heard a gentle tap on the window. He scrambled around trying to push back the cocaine before lifting his head up to determine who had knocked upon the window. No sooner had Ahmed lifted his head when he heard the click of his door handle being opened and pulled. He tried to pull the car door back, but to no avail. A huge hand thrust itself in the car, and quite calmly grabbed a tight hold of Ahmeds neck. Ahmed flayed his arms and tried to kick his legs, but his assailant was massive, and within a few seconds, Ahmeds head was pushed in the passenger well of the car with his legs still stuck in the drivers side well. The attacker wasted no time; he dragged Ahmeds legs, and with the help of a heavy boot, pushed and stamped the legs to join their owner in the passenger well. 
If you dont want to get hurt, dont move and just stay there, a deep voice boomed. 
Ahmed, fearing for his life, but having enough rational still beating in his head thought it best to do as his captor commanded, since his being would have little chance to extricate itself from the tight compartment and offer any measure of defence. He finally deemed it best to wait until he was allowed out when more opportunities of escape would present themselves. 
He heard the engine crack up and felt the car drive off. After a couple of minutes Ahmed asked, What do you want? He heard no reply, only the heavy breathing of the stranger driving the car. He thought it best to keep quiet and not pursue the questioning any further; instead, he thought hard about the cause of his incarceration. His mind raced back through the violence of his past, but he could determine no tangible connection with anyone having serious justification for his abduction. He knew it wasnt of any of Shabirs family, and all the other of his violent outrages had no strings for historical attachment to his present place. At length, Ahmed determined it was because of the car ringing connection in Birmingham which had brought about his present plight. He had begun to receive ringed cars from a distant cousin in Aston a couple of month earlier, and it was this reason Ahmed latched onto.
Ahmeds strained nerves and senses latched upon every stop and start of his car, as the vehicle made its way through the streets of Manchester. Gradually, he felt the motor beginning to move with much more speed, until, at length, it was fairly flying upon some motorway.
The car had been driving fast for no more than an hour when the gears began to change and the car went through the stops and starts of traffic. 
Night had now fallen, and Ahmed thought the time must be nearing the hour of eleven. He could only discern a glimpse of window from his foot-well abode, and merely saw the regular yellow haze of the night lamps lighting up the darkness. After a few more minutes, even the lamps of night disappeared and there was only darkness. 
He felt the car stop, and his nerves began to stretch for a possible means of escape. However, no sooner had Ahmed begun to find a way of getting away did the mighty hand of the stranger grab first his left hand and then his right hand, and twist them behind his back and then tied with some course string; after which, Ahmeds ankles were tied together and then joined with his hands. Ahmeds heart sank, as he knew there would be no way to escape when he was made to leave the car.
Open your mouth to scream, shout, or even talk, and I will hurt you, commanded the stranger. He then jumped out of the car and made his way to passenger side. He opened the door and thrust in his huge hands to pull a hood over Ahmeds head. Ahmed couldnt resist, and he felt the chord tighten and cut out the last glimpse of light. The stranger dragged him out of the car and dragged him over some uneven ground, not hard, but soft. He felt the stranger attaching something else to his hands, and only when pushed to the ground did Ahmed feel the hard bark of a tree and him being fastened to it.
After a short time, Ahmed was startled to hear his engine start up, and the car driven off; everything was then quiet. Nothing moved, nothing was heard except the echoed breathing in the hood of Ahmeds head. 
Ahmed knew the stranger would have had to have driven the car off, but he feared someone else watching over him. He could neither hear nor see anything, and at length, fear compelled him to call out, Help me, someone! Help me. He waited a moment, not through want of someone receiving his call for help, but waiting to see whether his person would receive some hurt at the hands of another. Nothing happened. He called again, and again nothing happened. He was just about to call a third time when a hand lifted him up off the floor and began to untie him from the tree. 
Ahmed realised his captor had returned after getting rid of the car somewhere. Once he was released from the hold of the tree, but still incarcerated by the rope on his hands and feet, Ahmed was led in the direction of wither he knew not where. He heard the measured steps of the stranger in front.
The strange pair continued on for some time, before they stopped, and a new form of contraption was stationed very carefully around Ahmeds body. For a moment everything remained quite still and quiet. There was nothing, only the horror and terror of Ahmeds fear blowing hard under the hood of his captivity. Another moment passed, and there was nothing. And then it happened. 
One couldnt even call it a push, as it was merely a single finger pressed hard between the blades of Ahmeds shoulders and a little force applied; but this was enough, as his feet, which were tied hard together offered no resistance, and Ahmed was sent headlong forward. Ahmed couldnt even throw out his arms and hands to stop his fall, as they, too, were still tied. It wouldnt have made any difference anyway, because Ahmed didnt hit any ground, but carried on down and into some abyss.
It is with some wonder Ahmed didnt die of a heart attack there and then in the fall, such was the horrifying moment he felt himself pass the hard floor of earth and fall into the bowels of Hell. It felt like an eternity before sounds of simultaneous cracks, as Ahmeds shoulders were dislocated from their joints.
A loud scream followed fast upon the cracks, which split the air of that still and lifeless chamber. Ahmed lost consciousness almost the moment his pain slammed into the temple of his brain. His loose body swung at the end of the rope, and all that could be heard was the creaking strain of the rope as it followed the last call of twitching body.
After a second or two the rope was lowered until Ahmeds body slumped on the bottom of the pit, and the rope curled like a serpent around his unconscious being.
It was some considerable time before Ahmed began to regain consciousness, but at length, life began again to move within his being. However, upon the first twitching movements of his awakening body, Ahmed felt the searing and tearing shooting pain starting out from his dislocated shoulders. When his senses had recovered fully their faculties, he came to realise the horror of his shattered state. 
I cannot move my arms, and dont know where I am, or why Im here. he struggled to think and to compose himself. He knew his plight was desperate, but he still thought that there was the opportunity to gain freedom from his fear. This is only a warning, he told himself. The Birmingham lot are only warning and are not going to kill you for a couple of ringed cars, he added in mind.
Through the pain, Ahmed thought hard about his capture and imprisonment; he recalled his abduction in the car and the pain of his fall; and he tried desperately to think a way out of present predicament; time and time again, his mind would fall upon the scenario of helplessness, but yet, he continued to harbour hope of his release.
As he thought, he looked around, but there was nothing but a deep well of darkness and silence. He tried to shuffle his body, so that it faced upwards, but the pain, with every inch of his hips, was unendurable. However, he did manage the feat after much agonising and effort, and at length, faced up the shaft, and peered to the sprinkles of light above. He wondered where and what abode he had been brought to, and his mind helped the understanding that he was in some kind of well or hole. He smelt the fresh earth and plants above him, and came to the conclusion that he was incarcerated in some outdoor prison of some kind. Ahmed lay there in this state of mind and pain for some time before a noise froze stiff his senses.
It began with Ahmed hearing a pressing of feet on the earth high above his captive chamber. Someone treading hard and heavy. More shuffling, and then a small circle of roof was lifted, and light quickly illumed the shaft. Ahmed could see a huge figure begin to lower itself down the shaft, before the lid of light was let fall again and darkness ensued.
Ahmed could now only hear the figure drawing closer to him; however, this did not arrest his attention as much as the sound with which the stranger came.
There was a strange hum; a hum and buzz as the figure neared the bottom of the shaft. It was strange that, for a moment, Ahmed totally forgot about the dangerous situation he was in, and could only listen to this disturbing hum and buzz. When he heard the strangers press hard upon the chambers floor, Ahmed could still hear that sound drilling into his brain.
For a moment nothing happened. The blackness was everywhere; Ahmed could see no tormentor, but he could hear the ceaseless reverberation of that sound. It didnt last. A foot flicked Ahmeds shoulder, and the tormented man cried out in pain.
Tell me, big man, what was it like to hear others cry out in pain? A voice whispered amidst Ahmeds whimpering and the buzz and hum of something fearful. Dont answer straight away, but have a good, solid think about it, Ahmed; what was going through your mind when you dealt out pain to others.
The mention of his name and the sudden recall of his horror halted Ahmeds thought. How does he know my name? I never harmed anyone in Birmingham, getting those cars, quickly interjected through his thoughts.
Once again Ahmed didnt have time to think as heard strong and purposeful footsteps move away from him. No sooner had he had time to bring conjecture as to their journey or destination, did a yellow light appear upon a candle.
A single candle gathered flame, and with its expanding light, Ahmed could clearly discern a figure, not far away in the distance, stood before a chair and table and a small tripod erected upon its centre. The stranger fiddled with something and then returned to Ahmed. 
Ahmed shuddered and felt sick. He was helpless on the floor, and he knew in his very soul this dreadful figure before him now had some terrible design upon his life.
I know you cant lift your loathsome body up; and Im sure you dont mind my sniggering the knowledge to you, Mr Rashid, that your arms are clean out of their sockets, adding another nudge with his boot to reinforce the fact. Ahmed squealed again.
Ive disabled your arms for a reason, Mr Rashid; of which, in a little while, youll fully understand the concept of my actions. I dont wish you to see me either, and that is why Im going to fix your head in a certain position; not only for my anonymity to remain secure  as, believe me, that wont matter when you die; because die you shall, and in the most furious circumstance, my dear, Ahmed  but also to allow a natural fury to release and vent its spleen, or would you prefer, sting! The stranger sniggered.
Ahmed was about to plead with his captor, but before he could so, his loose arms, detached of their sockets were lifted aloft amidst Ahmeds screams, and his body was dragged towards the chair. A quick lift of the torso, and Ahmed was in the chair, and as his arms dangled down at his side, the stranger began to strap a device both to his body, and, more importantly, to his head.
What are you doing? Ahmed screamed at last; his heart thumping hard against his chest, and his throat barely dry enough to give vent to the words.
Youll see, Mr Rashid; youll see very well in moment; believe me, and he let out another hideous laugh.
The stranger finished his task and took a couple of steps backwards, away from Ahmed. Ahmed sat in a chair; his head, body, and feet were fixed in three different types of vices; only his dislocated and dangling arms swung loose, but they had no power in them, and could only twitch in answer to the commands of Ahmeds brain and intentions.
All that remains now, Mr Rashid, is you being able to see the full vent of the fury you have dished out to others in this world. I shall allow you to see that; only you wont be able to learn from it, but only die from it.
The stranger took a couple of steps towards the back of Ahmed, and produced a scalpel from his overcoat, which he deftly held out, whilst his other hand plucked out the left eyelid of Ahmed and thereupon sliced it off.
Ahmeds arms twitched furiously to stop the assault, but only wriggled in reply; his body, legs, and head were fixed solid and could do nothing to prevent the act. When the second eyelid was cut off, Ahmed and his limbs could only repeat the pathetic scene.
There, Mr Rashid, you can now see clearly the fury of your actions without being distracted, and he flicked the last eyelid over Ahmeds head.
Ahmed whimpered, not knowing what was going to happen next.
Im not going to spell out your actions to you, Mr Rashid, but think upon them very closely all the times you have brought untold and uncalled for violence upon the beings of others; remember those, and not your present violence. But, of course, you cannot do that, but it makes no difference to me, none whatsoever, because if you could recall and repent, I dont think you would have committed those atrocities at all, would you, Mr Rashid? At which the stranger bent down, lifted up one of Ahmeds limp arms, and waved it in the fashion of a no gesture. Mr Rashid squealed like a pig having its throat cut for meat. He continued, The only person I wish you to remember and see, now that you cannot close your eyelids, is Lisa, and the outrage you did to her and to a foolish boy.
Ahmed recollected at once the cause of his incarceration and present pain: his time at the Racids, and the killing of Shabir and the mutilation and violence given to Lisa and the other girls too.
I have money, lots of it; let me go, and you can have it all; let me go; please, please, please, Im begging you, let me go; I dont want to die; I wont hurt anyone ever again; let me live; please let me live; I dont want to die.
Such a show of self-pity, Mr Rashid; such a show of me, me, me, and the stranger slammed his fist on the table. Ill show you what fury is; others, lots of them will give to you that fury, Mr Rashid, but I wont and he slammed immense enunciation into the name.
Mr Rashid could hear the strangers overcoat being unbuttoned, and something being withdrawn from within its fold. A piece of mesh in the shape of a hood was lowered before his eyes, which were fixed open without lashes.
Dont shuffle your head as the mesh will catch the open sockets of your eyes, Mr Rashid, and I dont want to hurt you; others do, but I wont. He then quite deftly placed the hooded mesh over the head of Mr Rashid.
The hood was silk and soft to touch in its cloth, and above it was some sort of chute, which hung over the side of Ahmeds head, like a pig tail on a girl.
There was a silence. Once again he heard a buzz bust the silence of that cavern. 
This may tickle, Mr Rashid, but it certainly wont hurt.
The stranger pulled up the shoot of loose lace hanging at the side of Ahmeds head and began to let fall a bag of wasps.
Dont worry about the odd couple of stings, Mr Rashid; there will only be a few. And, indeed, two wasps dug their sting deep into Ahmeds beardy chin.
Wasps are very aggressive by nature, just like you, Mr Rashid. The only difference with them is that they care about venting their fury, and will even risk their lives to do so. They are not afraid to tackle even the biggest of foes. They dont ask for trouble, and will seek to avoid, but, once tempted sore, they can be quite indomitable, can they not, Mr Rashid? 
Mr Rashid simply whimpered in reply, and had no other choice but to continue to stare forward and view the battalion of wasps crawling over his face, cheeks, head, and neck. He was rigid, and as still as a corpse with fear and terror.
However, the stranger continued, when I loose this simple queen from another hive, all hell and fury will be let loose, and pure anger and savagery will have their want. Look at her. The stranger held a queen wasp up over Ahmeds head for him to see.
In you go, little insect, and lets see havoc unleashed.
The shoot was raised. Nothing happened in the first second and a half, but then, the buzzing intensified; communication between the wasps became insane. Ahmed cried out aloud, Ahhhh. Over and over he kept crying the same note. The wasps, enraged to a point of complete fury were relentless in their onslaught. 
It took Ahmed three hours to die, but die he did, in the fashion as he had lived.
His body was taken out of the bell pit and slung in some ditch at the side of a rubbish heap. There he was found, and the devastating news returned by the police to his wife, Sonia: Your husband has been murdered and is dead. I dont think well catch those responsible for it, as he was involved in many shady activities, Mrs Rashid. 
After a few cursory tears to those that bothered to observe, and alone that night, Sofia smiled, watched a bit Coronation Street, before biting into a nice Devonshire cream splice. 

Chapter 32

Lisa had been in hospital for little over a week when a policewoman came to visit her for the second time. Hello again, Lisa, greeted the constable. I trust youve made a good recovery from your dreadful ordeal. West Yorkshire police have arrested a man and woman in Leeds, and we think it was at their house where you were kept. They are called the Racids. Do you know them?
Lisa did not say a word in reply, but merely nodded.
Weve checked out the details of your story, and I can inform you that both the Racids are well and truly behind bars, and are, at this moment, currently awaiting trial for their monstrous activities, and will certainly be facing a considerable time behind bars.
I dont ever want to have to think or remember anything about those two vile creatures ever again, madam.
You wont have to. Theyre gone now. The only concern now is you, and what you are going to do.
Will I have to go back to Russia? Im afraid because I have no relations or friends left there now; mother, father, and my aunt and uncle Ilyas are all dead, and I dont ever want to see uncle Maslak ever again.
You wont see him again. Lisa, listen, the constable continued. Ive had communication from the Home Office, and theyve granted temporary asylum here, if you should choose to accept it. They begin with temporary, but in cases such as yours, I cant see any prevention of it being made permanent at a later date. Would you like to stay in this country, Lisa?
I want to stay and make a fresh start to my life, but where will I go, and where will I stay?
Dont worry about that. They have special places where you can stay until you can get yourself sorted out. There is nothing to worry about; everything will be sorted; youll see.
I hope so. When will I leave here?
They tell me you can leave today. I will contact the Home Office and tell them you want asylum. Theyll send someone down later today, and theyll see to it youre sorted.
After a few more words the policewoman gave her apologies and left Lisa alone. For a few moments Lisa hung her head, deep in thought. However, the heaviness she felt lasted only a little while, and she raised her spirits and decided to embrace the opportunities offered by a new life in England. I shall go and say goodbye to Mr Puddling first and then get ready for this afternoon, she concluded. However, before Lisa left the room to visit Mr Puddling, a knock was heard on the door, and Mr Puddling himself entered.
My apologies, little Lisa, but theyve discharged me, and I wanted to say farewell to your beauty before departing, and he offered his hand to Lisa.
Sean, I was just coming to see you. Theyve agreed for me to stay here in England; theyre to find me suitable accommodation in some hostel or other until I get sorted.
Some hostel? he interjected. I know about those places and some of the asylum seekers shacked up there, and those sorts of establishments are not fit for a kind and noble lady such as your beautiful self. No, I wont have it. The idea is monstrous, and an affront to your virtue, if I may be so bold as to say, and he tapped Lisa ever so gently on the tip of her nose. Have you ever heard of a country called Scotland, my sweet?
Yes, I have; why? Lisa enquired.
Why, Lisa, because I have property up there. I own a little farm in a small village in the Highlands. If you wish, you can live there?
Are you living there as well?
God forbid, Lisa, no. I can no longer tolerate the rusticity of life, and prefer more to wallow in urban dereliction. I know its strange, but Im strange. I will take you, and make sure youre settled and comfortable, and then I shall return to London. We can keep in touch through letters. Will you think about it? I know it will suit you, he concluded.
I have thought about it, Sean, and will be delighted to live in the Highlands of Scotland. I adore the country and am eternally grateful to your generous gesture. Lisa ran up and hugged Mr Puddling.
Matters were resolved very quickly. Mr Puddling bought two train tickets, withdrew a substantial amount of money from the bank, and together with Lisa, set off for Scotland.
On the journey, as they sat in a carriage, Mr Puddling talked with animation almost about everything. He spoke losing his wife and children in a car crash, and of his choice to live a vagrant life in London, which Lisa thought very strange, but didnt comment on. After a few hours, however, the conversation drew less and less, until it ceased almost altogether. It remained silent for five minutes or so, before Mr Puddling asked a strange question.
I dont wish to know of those dreadful events that happened at the Racids, and will never mention their loathsome names ever again, Lisa, but Im interested in one question. May I ask?
Of course you may, Sean, Lisa replied.
Im interested in who this Nicholas was, and what happened to him after he abandoned you on the edge of London.
Nicholas was not one of the Racids. The Racids daughter, Katherine, told me that. He was some sort of gypsy, a stray of some sort taken in by the Racids. Thats all I know, Im afraid.
What did he look like?
He was very big for his age. He would be the same age as me. I dont think he was older than twenty.
Did he say much in the car?
No; he didnt speak at all, even when I tried to talk to him. He was very, very strange.
The conversation ended just as it had begun with silence. The rest of the journey was filled with small chatter, but nothing substantial. When they arrived in Edinburgh, Mr Puddling hired a car, and after taking a little tour around the historic capital, they set off for little farm, just of the River Tarff in Fort Augustus. It was just after ten in the evening when they finally arrived.
The farm, although not lived in since the death of Mr Puddlings wife, Mary, and their children was still in excellent condition. A neighbour, an aged woman in her eighties, kept a keen, old eye on the place and dusted it down every now and then.
Chapter 33

Six years had passed since the Racids were sentenced to serve prison. Chrissy was the first to be released. Her time in prison had been difficult. Being dull of mind, she had been the rubbing rag to every other villain in there. No convict ever called her by her name, but simply referred to her as that idiot. Any repulsive job that needed doing, the idiot was called and made to do it.
Racids time in prison was similarly tough. Being a short creature, he was constantly bullied, and by all the other convicts, made to endure the most degrading of jobs practised in prison.
Chrissy was released from prison a good two months before her husband. She had secured some cheap federation hovel in a little cul-de-sac. The property was a semi-detached house. The neighbour was an old woman of 89, a widow, and starting to exhibit weakening faculties. Chrissy had totally ignored the old woman. However, that all changed when Racid was released.
Upon entering the house, Racid, as was customary, planted three quick kisses on his wifes lips. He gave a quick look around the new home and complemented Chrissy upon her getting the place. The house, indeed, was a veritable hovel. Cheap, soiled second hand furniture was placed haphazardly around the room; the wallpaper was peeling in various places on account of the damp; the carpet was sticky, and kitchen floor was simply concrete with no decoration to adorn it.
Have you heard anything from Katherine? inquired Racid.
The last I heard was our daughter was on the game and crack addict, too, came the reply.
Who would have thought wed end up with a whore for a daughter and rapist for a son, mused Racid.
I blame those Russian bitches, I do. We should never have let them near our kids.
Yea, I agree.
Who lives next door? asked Racid.
A little, old woman. Why?
Just enquiring, thats all. How old is she?
Oh, about 90, I should think.
I think we ought to get to know her, because at her age she could die any minute, and she may leave us something.
Chrissy gave a gasp of glee. Youre so clever, my husband. Why didnt I think of that?
And so it was. The next day a truly wicked plan of action was initiated. The Racids used every devious means to help them curry their way into the old womans favour.
The old woman who lived next door to the Racids was a sweet woman by the name of Faye. She had a son, Michael, but he lived in Cornwall, and visited only three times a year. Her husband had died 20 years before, and she had never remarried. She was now in her 90th year when the Racids came to call.
I wonder who that could be, she quizzed to her cat, as she heard the doorbell go. She slowly made her way to the kitchen window, so that she could peek out and see who the caller was. As she drew back the net curtain, she could see two people standing at the door, a man and a woman. She recognised the woman as being her neighbour, but didnt know who the man was. Faye let go of the curtain and made her way slowly to the door.
Yes, what can do for you? she asked of the Racids when shed opened her front door.
Hello, Im your next door neighbour, Chrissy, and this is my husband, Gerry. Hes been working away, but is back for good now.
Racid said, Hello.
Were off the supermarket. We thought we could get some things for you, if you want, that is. The weather is awful, and we dont mind helping out a neighbour.
Thats very kind of you. Please, come in.
The Racids didnt wait to be asked twice and fairly fell in the old womans house, such was their eagerness to get in there.
Many weeks passed, and with the passing of each week, the Racids became evermore familiar with the old woman.
Well leave it a couple of months more, Racid told his wife one night after returning from the old womans home, and then well act.
A visit from a stranger, however, prevented the Racids intended deed.

Chapter 34

Elsie has indeed kept the place well, remarked Mr Puddling upon entering the old building.
It is lovely, Sean; its so beautiful and picturesque. Thank you so much for letting me live here.
Count it as your own, my little child. May you have a wonderful life here. Mr Puddling was about to add something else, but suddenly stopped dead in his talk. His face was fixed upon a photograph hanging on the wall. Lisa noticed his stare, and she, too, turned her head towards the photograph.
Is that your wife and children, Sean? she timidly asked.
Yes, Lisa, its Mary and our little darlings. He cleared his throat and left the room and walked out into the open air. Lisa followed.
Mr Puddling stood in the little garden, just behind the stone wall, and looking out to the coldness of the North Sea. His back was towards Lisa, and when he began to speak, he didnt turn round. 
I cannot go back in that house, Lisa; I know you understand. I must leave here, leave here now, this very moment. He turned round to face the girl. We will meet up some other day, and you can give me all the gossip of your new life here, but I must be gone, beautiful girl. He stroked the soft, blonde hair of Lisas as it blew in the breeze.
You will keep in touch, Sean, wont you?
Of course I will, my girl.
Lisa walked Mr Puddling towards the car and watched as this strange man climbed in and wound the window down. Lisa bent down to the open window and let fall a kiss upon Mr Puddlings cheek. No more words were exchanged. The car was fired up and off it went, southwards, with Mr Puddlings hand waving wildly from it. The Russian girl and the bizarre Englishman never saw one another again.

Chapter 35

Go see who that is at the door, Racid ordered his wife.
Upon approaching the door, Chrissy shouted, Who is it? She then began to lift the catch and slowly open the door. That was the last thing remembered.
The door was slammed hard against her face, followed by a powerful punch, which knocked the woman senseless.
Racid, hearing the commotion at the front door, quickly got up from the settee and made his way to door, but he never even made the living room door, let alone the front door.
As the massive frame of a man hidden in an ever larger overcoat burst into the room, Racid let out a scream and turned to run towards the kitchen door. The stranger, though, had already seen the escape, and in one single effort, leapt upon Racid and brought him crashing to the floor. Racid opened his mouth and was just about to let out another scream when a rag was slammed into his mouth, and ducting tape was wrapped around his head. He tried to wriggle with all his might, but the stranger was too powerful, and all Racids efforts led to failure. A bag was placed over his head, and further tape was bound around Racids hands and feet. The room was now quiet.
The stranger paused for a few couple of minutes to see if anyone had heard Racid scream, but there wasnt any indication that it had been heard.
Once assured that everything was safe, the stranger began to remove the Racids from their abode. He first repeated the tying up procedure of Chrissy, and then left the house, only to return a couple of minutes later with two boxes and a set of wheels. He lifted Chrissy up first, and then placed her in one of the boxes; he then did the same of Racid. Once both the bodies were secure in the boxes, they were wheeled out and placed inside a Luton van. A neighbour, returning from bingo, noticed the van, but thought nothing of it, shut her gate, and went inside her house.
Once inside the van, the boxes with the Racids in them were placed upright and then bound to the side of the van with rope; a shutter was then pulled down; the engine started, and the van was driven off, almost leisurely.
The van was driven for twenty minutes or so, with much stopping and starting, suggesting it never left the city of Leeds, but merely travelled from one part to another.
Racids wife was unconscious throughout the whole of the journey, but Racid had already soiled his trousers and was fairly quaking in his box in the van. He didnt know what was happening, but knew something bad was about to happen. His fear intensified when heard the engine cut out. However, the back of van never opened, and everything was deathly still. He waited and waited and waited, but nothing happened. He stood there in the box for over an hour, waiting for something to happen. He knew the time was about 10.30, and that in another half hour it would be completely dark outside, and he finally came to the conclusion that this was what his abductor was waiting for. During all the time he waited, Racid never thought once about the plight of his wife. It was only when he heard her groan, he became conscious of her at the side of him. Since his mouth was stuffed and unable to communicate, he tried to shuffle in order to advertise his presence, but to no avail. 
Another hour passed, and still nothing had happened, and then it did.
At first, Racid heard footsteps approaching the vehicle he was in. He waited for the door to be opened and his fate revealed. He was not to be disappointed. The rear door of the van slid open, and the van dipped towards the back as the weight of a very large man stepped onto the tail-gate. Racids heart began to beat with a terrible strain. He thought he might be having a heart attack, and his breathing became extremely constricted; sweat, in profuse streams, ran down his head and onto the back of his neck. He knew his abductor was stood still on the tail-gate for some reason. A second later the person moved and began to shuffle something, which Racid presumed to be another box of some sort. It was only then Racid became aware of his wife, and her plight, and the fact that she may struck by the same fate as him. The realisation grew ever stronger, when he heard another groan, and recognised instantly that it was his wife. He gulped.
The stranger walked the upright box containing Mrs Racid towards the tail-gate, and pushed the button, which lowered its cargo. He then shuffled off the box and placed it onto a set of wheels, whilst, at the same time, pushing the button to take the tail-gate back up. Finally, he slammed shut the shutter, and left Racid alone in his box to struggle with his fear.
Inside the box on the ground, Chrissy Racid was slowly recovering her senses and beginning to feel the pain of her assault. She didnt know what was happening; all she knew was that someone was transporting her somewhere. She quickly came to realise a scream was useless, as a rag was stuffed hard in her mouth, tape plastered across the front of her broken face, and her hands bound; she was helpless. 
Outside her box there was nothing but blackness and deep woodland. Although the journey was hard and tricky because of the foliage and dead branches, the man pushing the wheels and box possessed formidable strength and remarkably made the journey with some ease. When he had arrived at his destination, he deftly unhooked the box, placed it gently on the floor and covered it over with some branches, which had earlier been severed from their trunk. The stranger then set off back for the other box. Within ten minutes, Racids box had joined that of his wife, although he knew it not.
Racid, and indeed his wife for that matter, could hear much shuffling outside their boxes, and this persisted for some minutes. Chrissy Racid was the first to be lowered down the shaft followed in turn by her husband. Once both boxes had come to rest at the bottom of the shaft, the stranger sealed the dome above and joined them both in the heart of the Alfred Sissons Bell Pit.
Chrissy Racid had now recovered the faculty of her senses, although, that didnt really amount to much, nevertheless, what intelligence of mind the woman did possess was enough to fill her with fear in speculation of what might be going to happen to her. She could feel her box being dragged along a rough floor and set to rest. Afterwards she heard another box being delivered the same way, and thought hard what that could be, but had not the wherewithal of mind to determine that it was the box of her beloved husband, Racid.
Both the Racids now listened with extraordinary attention for any sound that would advertise knowledge of what was happening. They heard the stranger walking around, and as he did so, they heard the sound of crunching gravel, or so they thought.
It was some considerable time before the first box was opened: that of Racid. The stranger cracked open the seal of the box, which showed a remarkable resemblance to a coffin in the heat and darkness of that bell pit.
Racid saw the lid open slowly, and once again, he soiled himself. He couldnt see anyone, but knew some violence waited him. He heard another box being opened, and when he heard a stifled scream, he knew it was his wife, and both were here with this figure. A huge hand reached into Racids box, and without ceremony, stripped away the tape covering Racids mouth. He blew the rag from his mouth and let out a high pitched scream, which when his wife heard, she began to wriggle in her box furiously. However, when the same huge hand reached into her box, she stiffened and became instantly mute, only to repeat her husbands screaming actions when the tape was ripped from her face also.
Neither of the Racids could see their captor; their only vision in the pit was of the massive hand. They grew intensely frightened when only the darkness and the silence reigned in the pit. They both knew they were in a hole, basement, or some such kind, but didnt know what.
Let me go! Racid screamed from his box. I dont want to die!
Hearing her husband, the wife accompanied his pathetic cries from her box, I dont want to die too.
I shall be the judge of that, came a disturbing and deep reply. Be quiet, or I will remove your tongue from your mouth. I know you are both idiots, but Im sure you understand what violence I mean should you continue to scream.
Both the Racids did have just enough intelligence to understand the command, and both ceased their screams and concentrated hard upon what the man who had just spoken from the darkness wanted.
Im going to remove both your repulsive bodies from their coffins in a little time, and you would do well to keep your silence whilst this happens.
The Racids noticed a couple candles being lit.
Racid was laying flat in his little box on the floor and staring out when a face suddenly thrust itself in. The horror that burst through Racids body was savage. He instantly fell into some strange kind of fit, his body shuddering like that of a cow, which has just been stunned before being killed.
Racids wife hearing the banging of a box, but not knowing it was Racids body banging simply gawped from her box. The same face thrust itself into her box now, too. Unlike Racid, Chrissy didnt pass out; she fell into a fit of such terrible screaming, so much so, in the end, her voice gave away completely, and all that could be heard in the pit were some rasping sounds emanating from her box, and shuddering sounds from the box of her husband. Both continued for some time before each finally eased to a silence.
The head that was thrust into the top chambers of each of the Racid boxes was truly grotesque. In the first instance, the head was huge, as big as a beach ball and of a deep brownish and dirty colour. Its mouth opened wider than the fist of big labourer, and a pack of distorted teeth showed fierce; the nostrils were as fearsome as any spitting bull; cavernous sockets held two terrible eyes, which would have scared even the Devil himself; the ears were as big as saucers and each was possessed with strands of thick, wiry hair.
Lets lift you both up, so that you may have a better view of the proceedings, which are about to commence, shall we? uttered the horrifying figure.
The captor then lifted each of the boxes with the utmost ease and stood them against the wall of coal behind them.
Racid had by this time recovered from his fit, and was so afraid he couldnt even look out of his box.
Do you both know where you are here? Its okay, you can talk now, he added in most friendly manner.
I dont know why Im here, gasped Racids wife, barely audible.
And Ive done nothing wrong, Racid interjected.
I honestly believe you believe in what you say. You are that innately bad, you dont even understand the harm and torture you have brought to others.
Ive never harmed anyone, muttered Chrissy.
And neither have I, added Racid.
The stranger began to laugh.
You really dont believe you have done anything wrong in this life, do you? You honestly dont.
Racid remembered old Mr Ackroyd and quickly ran to the conclusion that this must be some relative. His little brain tried to think fast, but he could only feel it hurt so much. At last, he cried out, I didnt mean to kill old Ackroyd; I didnt shout him from his bedroom and push him down those stairs!
Chrissy looked at her husband and was completely arrested in her limited intelligence as to what he meant.
Old Ackroyd? Hmmm. You killed old Ackroyd, did you?
I didnt mean to....but....he fell...that was all, Racid answered, his body beginning to outwardly shudder again.
Be that as it may, Racid, whether you killed old Ackroyd or not, is none of my concern. I didnt know about that deed of death, and youve only just told me of it. That is not why you are both here.
Racid looked puzzled and his wife simply looked dumb.
After a few seconds, the stranger came closer to the two Racids in their boxes, lowered his head, and said, Look very closely, Racids; do you know who I am?
Both the Racids, although thoroughly terrified and repulsed by the face in front of them, looked hard at it to determine who it was they were seeing. They stared at each other for some seconds, before the stranger stood backwards and declared, You dont recognise me, do you?
I dont, muttered Racid.
Neither do I, added his wife, still completely dumbfounded.
Let me help you out. We have both met a person. You are familiar with that person, and so am I. Who could that be?
This instruction for solving the problem simply crushed both the Racids. As hitherto mentioned, they had not the faculties of mind to figure out connections, and they both felt the present task was completely beyond them. In desperation they both ran through their memory shouting out the first names which came to them. The stranger let them run with their childish conjectures, before shouting in a truly menacing voice, Thats enough!
Let me allow you escape from your ignorance. Do you remember Nicholas? The stranger fell silent, waiting for the name to register with the pair of idiots.
You are Nicholas, Chrissy muttered in complete astonishment.
Youve changed, Nick, added Racid, not knowing what else to say.
The stranger sighed. No, Im not Nicholas. But he is a person you and I both know.
Racid looked to the stranger and strained his head out of the box to look sideways at this wife, who also did the same to look at her husband. The two Racids looked at one another; the husband noticed the broken face of his wife, but thought better of it not to say anything.
Who are you then? asked Racid.
I met Nicholas down this very pit. He found it as a young boy, not so long after hed come to live you. He wasnt very talkative at first. I think he was scared, but not enough to visit again. The more and more he came, the more we got to know each other. He told me everything about the evil activities carried out at your brothel, which, I may add, you dont seem to recall anything wrong with. Nicholas painted a very vivid picture of both yourselves, your son and daughter, which, I may add again, you have thoroughly destroyed by your upbringing; Nicholas told me of the cruelty and incarceration you brought upon those poor girls, and lets not forget about the young and foolish Shabir, who sadly lost his life to such violence. Nicholas told me all about these wicked acts of yours, all in such comprehensive detail. Ordinarily, I wouldnt have interfered, but there was one such victim of yours who has a very special interest for me. Her name is Lisa.
At the sound of that name, Racid and his wife inwardly shrunk. 
Do you know I tracked her down to a small town in Russia, well the Ukraine really, called Chernobyl? You know the place, both of you, dont you?
The Racids did not know the place, nor had ever heard of it.
The stranger sighed again. Well, there was a nuclear disaster there. The name Chernobyl comes from the name wormwood, which is reference to the end of the world. However, the stranger, noticing the complete look of stupidity on both the faces of the Racids, thought it unwise to elaborate further, and curtailed his narration. In short, I believe that catastrophe was brought about by some diabolical being.
The Racids still looked thoroughly confused and confounded.
I know this who this diabolical thing is. Ive seen the creature; believe me, Ive seen it. I saw it many centuries past; not in this world, but the realm of another. A place, which, Im certain, youll be soon acquainted with.
The Racids carried on gawping at the stranger, unable to understand anything of the narration.
Before the final ceremony of wicked beings begins, Mr and Mrs Racid, when you see this diabolical thing sometime soon, will you give a wink at him, and say, Jake misses you! And that you will never have Lisa and her child completely. I do so like this place you know. I have a strange attachment to it, which stretches back many hundreds of years, you know.
Jake took a few paces back. He began the preparation of something, but the Racids could not determine what it was.
As he busied with the ceremony, the Jake uttered, Did you know many of my friends are buried down here? Well, maybe not buried, but placed down here when the Devils plague took them all, me, as well, come to think of it. But I was lucky, thanks to a timely coincidence when the mighty Pacific let open the lid to Hell. Only Lisa knows about this, but she doesnt know the identity of me; and we shall let that be for some time yet.
The Racids watched with intent what the stranger called Jake was about to do. They both knew it was something dreadful and both beings seem to shrink inside their respective boxes.
I was going to proceed to your last act on this earth, but couldnt resist the opportunity of revelling a little in a bit of punishment for the crimes you have committed against such a heavenly soul such as Lisas. Unlike Peter and Sandra  do you remember those contemptible creatures? Yes, you do; I thought you would  you shall endure only a little taster and nothing more. It will provide a touch of pain to take you mind off your final ordeal. Jake started to roar with laughter.
Preparations were almost complete, but Jake had to secure the two Racids so that their punishment could begin. Both the boxes, which were stood up against the coal wall, were strapped upright, so that they wouldnt fall over when all the shuddering began. After which, each of the Racids heads was pulled gently forward, so that they sat proud of the edge of the box, and a piece of wood was placed behind their craning necks and fixed to the box to prevent their heads from falling back in the box. 
Dont I have your considerations at heart, Mr and Mrs Racid? Ive propped your head forward so that you can see each other, and hopefully see each other for what you both are.
The Racids gawped at one another from their boxes. The stranger then knelt down and loosed a flap from the bottom of the box, so as to expose their feet. He pulled their feet forward and placed similar pieces of wood under them, so as the Racids could see their feet, but would be unable to retract them back in the box.
Everything sorted, so they say in Leeds, laughed Jake. Im just going to remove your shoes and socks; pardon me. The footwear was removed. The Racids watched their captor walk towards a table resting in the rear of the chamber and return with what looked like a big ball of fat in both his fists. They both looked at each other without uttering a word. The man began to cover their toes in the fat.
I thought I would light 20 candles and offer them to Hell as a tribute for justice, he proclaimed. The Devil wont like it, but what the hell! and he burst into a fit of the most grotesque laughter. There, all you grubby, little tootsies have their blankets on now. All that remains is to insert a little, angelic candle into each on, and watch punishment take its cries. Ive made certain, Mr and Mrs Racid, is that you wont die with this ordeal. So dont worry your little cotton socks! There she goes, and he lit a match and began to light each of the twenty candles.
The Racids, who up until this point, had been fearfully quiet, fairly erupted into a cacophony of screams and various guttural offerings.
Scream, scream all you like, for only the Devil and myself will hear you, Jake said calmly. Besides, your toes wont have even got warm yet, let alone, heated up the tootsies, blistered the skin, split the flesh, and spat and spitted with the little toe bones being cooked!
It wasnt long before this did indeed happen, though. The Racids raised their cries even louder, and on account of their heads propped out of the boxes, could only see each others torment as an image of their own.
Their ordeal lasted just over an hour. The burning of the flesh help to cauterize the vessels, and this surgery helped to prolong their agony. Neither of the Racids passed out during their torture.
Finally, it was Jake himself who brought the grizzly punishment to an end. Youre even repugnant in punishment, he declared. Let me show you your final resting place, but first I must remove something from you both. Jake then produced a scalpel and methodically began to remove each of the Racids eyelids. More screams and protestations ensued.
Ive got rid of your eyelids, so that you can see the full horror of your death. He then pulled away a dirty sheet, which was strewn across the floor, to reveal two shallow graves.
The Racids temporarily forget about their present pain and looked with terror at this new, final, and hideous act.
Let me help you both into your resting places shall I. As you can see, there is only a foot of earth between you both; just enough for you know youre both here together, but enough to know, too, youre to die slowly alone. Ill tape your mouths up too, so that you cannot converse to one another. The Racids mouths were wrapped up tight, so that no sound emanated from either of them.
Once both the coffins were lowered into their shallow graves, the lids closed, and foot of soil was shovelled upon each one. The Racids both heard the man leave the chamber, and then there was silence. The Racids were never heard of again.
Chapter 36

I hear the angel, Lisa, is now, at last, with child, Nicholas. Ill meet you in Fort Augustus. Jake then put down the phone. 

