Junk Shop: A Dog Memoir
By Jennifer Erickson

Published by Jennifer Erickson at Smashwords

Copyright 2014 Jennifer Erickson


Table of Contents
The Good Life
The Future Baby
The Car Crash
The Flying Mattress
On the Road
The Cannibal
Nelson's Sister
Going Home
My Mistake
Truffle
Virgil Rosenberger
The Power of Stories
The Snorkel to Puppyhood
The Necklace
A Calling
The Trail of Pain
Garage Sale-ing
Virgil's Hair Wears Off
My Puppet
Where's Your Owner?
Corey Posts Bail
Dumpster Guy
The Kid
Rent
Mice
Judith Flies
Virgil Goes to the Hospital
The Evil in the Basement
Virgil Runs Away
Ghosts
The Research Project
The Squeaky-toy Voice
The Hour of Stillness
Virgil's Funeral
Stuart the Apartment Manager
I Know About Your Tiny Truffle Heart
Ashley Finds the Diary
We Whimpered With Full Hearts


The Good Life
I was too young to remember my mother well, but I remember her licking me, my whole body rocking with the motion of her tongue. And I remember lying in a heap with my brothers and sisters, and climbing over each other to suckle, all of our tails knocking together, and the smell of my mother's fear.
And then my siblings vanished one-by-one until it was just me and Mother. She trembled and licked and licked me, and sometimes we whimpered.
And then it was just me and the concrete floor and the sound of barking and the smell of nervous diarrhea. I curled up as small as I could and tried to wrap myself in my tail. It just reached the tip of my nose, but it was something.
People came and went. They talked to me in high voices and sometimes they held me, which I liked, and I did the only thing I knew: I licked them, as my mother had licked me.
But none of them stayed, and mostly I was alone.
Then one day I heard a voice from nearby. I couldn't see who was talking because of all the concrete, but it was a kind voice. Gruff, but kind. It said, "You're awfully young to be here all alone."
And that was when I learned about the outside world, and about people and about how fickle they could be.
"It's my second time in," said the gruff old dog, "and I don't have a chance. I'm old and incontinent. Don't be incontinent. That's the number one thing people can't stand."
That's when I learned about The Room You Never Leave. That gruff dog had reliable sources, he said. He'd been talking to the cats.
The next day, they came and got him, and he was gone.
And I was alone again.
I didn't know it, but I had been sick. As I got well, I started to pay attention.
The other dogs gossiped. Rumors went up and down the line. They talked, and I listened, trying to glean what I could about the Facts of Life. Nobody talked about the Room You Never Leave, but we all knew it was there.
Instead, we talked about the families we would have one day. Yards with fluffy green grass. Days spent hunting squirrels and chasing balls. Legendary holiday meals. Walks and children and lazy evenings cuddling by the fire. The Good Life.
I was young and ambitious, and I wanted it all.
But the number one thing, the foundation for the Good Life, was a person with Heart.
We can all sense Heart, but sometimes we get distracted by other things, surface things, like a nice belly rub. Just because someone gives you a belly rub doesn't mean they're committed. Just because they say kind words, it doesn't mean they feel them. Just because they want you really badly because you're so cute, doesn't mean they will remember you when it's cold outside, when you're old and farty, when they get married.
A person with Heart will love you forever.
I had no experience of the Outside World, but I listened and I learned, and I knew that I must choose carefully.
I had seen the other dogs lose their heads over a person, and I had seen how it ruined things. People didn't like barking and slobbering and whining and jumping up. They wanted a dog with dignity.
I imagined myself making a careful choice. Weighing my options. Offering a dignified paw, perhaps, to seal the deal. But it didn't happen like that for me.
Instead, it was like falling in love. Like falling down a flight of stairs. Like a car wreck.
The metal door swung open at the end of the line, and before I even saw his ball cap or his gentle smile, I felt his Heart, beating in my chest.
And everything I had learned went out the window.
A yelp escaped my throat as I joined the growing chorus: "Pick me! Pick me!"
Slowly, slowly, his feet came into sight. My gate swung open and I leapt into his arms. My bladder emptied down the front of his shirt.
I licked his face and his teeth, and even got a swipe at his tongue before he spluttered and pushed me away. "I'm not incontinent!" I yowled. And my tail, my tail was out of control! It knocked off his eyeglasses, and when I ran to get them for him I accidentally trampled them and they skittered into a puddle (guilty evidence from earlier). Now, he would notice for sure! No, no, don't leave me!
He picked up his eyeglasses with two fingers. I tried to lick them clean. As he walked away, I remembered my dignity, and I sat at the wire gate, vibrating with yearning, and willed him to bring me home.
He was the one for me. He just didn't know it yet. The next day after kibble-time I sat at my gate, staring down the concrete aisle toward the door. My heart and my will sent hooks out into the world, and I reeled him back to me. I could feel his Heart, out there somewhere.
And I drifted into a trance.
A rumor came down the line: he was back. All of us were on high alert. The door swung open and the other dogs erupted: "Pick me!" they chorused.
My body vibrated with the effort to stay still.
He squatted down and stuck his fingers through the wire. "You want to go home with me?" he asked.
"Yes!" I yodeled, and toppled over backward.
As I followed him into the Outside World, I staggered to stay ahead of my thrashing tail. It banged rhythmically on the check-out desk. Its arc was so wide, it whipped me in the ribs and knocked pamphlets from a table.
My tail and I dragged him through the glass doors to open sky and an explosion of scents. People and movement everywhere! So this was the fabled Outside World! I decided immediately that I loved it.
"Hold your horses!" He said, hauling me out of the path of a moving car. "Sorry!" he waved as it roared away.
He introduced me to his wife, who was a blur of pleasure and warmth. Their name was Metcalfe, but to me they would always be He and She.
The world was huge even before we got into his car and drove. More of it unfolded, sniff by sniff out the open window.
In the car, I noticed that She had the most glorious tail coming right out of her head. It was too wonderful to ignore, so I grabbed hold and pulled as hard as I could. She told me no, but I knew She meant yes! Because She had Heart, too.
Shortly after that, I found out about cars and throwing up. We stopped at a gas station and He mopped up the yuck with an old sweatshirt.
From then on, I had the Good Life. Every day was a new adventure. There were walks and cuddles and good food. Often, we went places in the car. And I learned to watch the road through the windshield so that I wouldn't throw up. Because people don't like incontinence, but they really don't like when you throw up on their lap, or on their glorious head-tail. But that only happened once.
"Good Girl," they would say, and my heart was full.
"Ya wanna gofura ride?" they would say. Oh, how those words electrified me!
We drove to The Ocean, where He lured me through attacking waves to master the intricacies of swimming. Where I rolled on a dead fish that smelled of sun and smiles and the wonders of the ocean depths. Where I got fleas for the first time. Where the car's floor mats trapped sand that stayed forever.
We drove to Mom's House, where I drank water from a Tiffany fruit bowl and Dad slipped me chunks of ham from the fridge when no one was looking.
We drove to The Mountains on weekends. Often there was an Outhouse, and I would run my head through the weeds by the door and revel in the fecal residue. Some of my favorite bouquets were: The Morning After Indian Curry, Breast Fed Baby, and Too Much Sausage Pizza.
On our hikes, I would gallop through alpine meadows and stick my nose in rodent burrows. I sat on a high ridge, wind ruffling my fur, and drew the scent of infinity through my nostrils, and I thought to myself, life cannot get any better.
I was right.


The Future Baby
It was early spring. Through the window I watched as the car swung into the driveway and jerked to a stop with one tire in the flower bed.
It was early. The postal lady hadn't even come yet, and I still felt pleasantly full from breakfast (She had plopped her bagel with cream cheese into my bowl. She wasn't hungry, she had said).
Confused, I greeted her at the door. The back of her skirt was drenched in blood, and rather than piping "Hi Sophie! Good Girl!" like usual, She seemed not to notice me at all. She leaned on the wall, then slid down to her knees and put her forehead to the hall rug.
I nuzzled her tear-stained face and curled up at her side while her body heaved with sobs.
She twined her fingers in my neck fur and said, "Oh, Sophie, we lost the baby."
I licked her tears and nuzzled her face, and absorbed the surprising news. A baby? That explained why they had been shopping for small furniture. It also explained the tiny Nikes on the top shelf of the bedroom closet. Sometimes, while She was in the shower or on the phone with her mother, He would take them down and walk them across the bedspread or just cup them in his palm.
How had I not known?
Perhaps because I was young and naive, it had never occurred to me that He and She made secret plans behind their closed bedroom door on Saturday mornings.
As She and I lay on the hall floor, He burst into the house and scooped She into his arms. I scrambled out of the way so that I would not be crushed. They cried together and rocked and rocked.
That night, we shared a pillow. She cried herself to sleep with her arm draped over me, and His arm draped over both of us.
After that, every night she sat in front of her computer through the silent hours while I lay at her feet, dozing. During the day we burrowed under the poly fill comforter that muffled the sounds of life outside. For a week, He tiptoed around, a guest in his own home. He cooked for her. She slipped the meals to me. Then, gradually, she returned to herself and let the laughter and noise back into the house.
By the Fourth of July, She was laughing again, and He had stopped slinking around with his tail between his legs. We had Everybody over for a barbeque.
The neighbors brought a small child. I sniffed it over. It was an intriguing combination of sweet and poopy, and it dropped a lot of food. I decided that parenthood would be acceptable.
Later, things got noisy. The police came with flashing lights to put a stop to the fireworks. I was able to climb out of the bathtub, where I had been hiding.
I cleaned all the dirty plates on the patio table and under folding chairs, then threw up behind the changing table in the bedroom for the Future Baby.
He drank too much Jose Cuervo and threw up in the toilet, which, I learned, is the proper technique. And then he was a guest in his own home again.


The Car Crash
As the summer heat dissipated, we started a road trip to Tucson to decide whether He should accept a Career Opportunity there, but things were still strange between He and She. Instead of joking and teasing each other as we drove, He and She were Very Polite.
We stopped at a roadside pullout where icy wind cut right through my fur. She ran to the toilet, hugging herself for warmth. He walked me across the asphalt to a square of pea gravel with a plastic fire hydrant.
After I did my business, I galloped toward an open field. He called my name, but I ignored him. I needed to clear my head, and running in circles barking joyfully was always the best way to do that. When I trotted back, panting, feeling more myself, he took me by the collar and dragged me to the car.
She had been driving up until then, but they switched places, and before he turned the car on, he said, "Why are you so against this?"
"Because I want to try for another baby," she said.
"Now?"
"No. I mean, well, maybe."
"Honey, we can try again whenever you're ready."
"But I want my kids to grow up surrounded by family. I don't want to be off in the middle of..." she trailed off.
"Can't we just take a look?" he said. "We don't have to move if you hate it."
She reached into the glove compartment for a Kleenex, then balled it up in her fist.
"It's not just that," She said at last. "I have abad feeling. I don't know how to explain it."
I leaned in from the back seat to give her a supportive nuzzle.
He tipped his head back and closed his eyes. I knew he felt it, too. Not just the tension, but the bogeyman hiding somewhere around the corner.
She stared out the windshield, even though all you could see was a brick wall and a cactus.
He scratched me absently behind my ears.
"Okay," he sighed. "We'll go home. That's what you want?"
She nodded. She wiped a tear from her cheek. "Thank you," she whispered, as we swung onto the highway.
I thought it was all over. I smiled out the windshield.
He reached out and twined his fingers in hers. The car ran through its gears and settled into a low hum. Signs and ranch houses and juniper bushes whipped past.
And then, like a cruel joke, around a curve, a truck reared up in front of us. We closed in on its flashing blinkers. She yelped and flung her arm out in front of me. The tires screamed. He wrestled with the steering wheel.
I could smell His fear. The world was upside-down and right-side-up and blurry, blurry.
The engine went tick, tick, tick.
My people weren't moving and they smelled of blood. He groaned. I nuzzled him and whimpered and licked and licked.
An ambulance howled and barked in the distance. People ran toward us, shouting. They were angry. Or scared. Or both. A man grabbed me and wrestled me away. He did not have Heart.
I ducked out of my collar and ran under a bush. Then I lay down. It hurt. It hurt so much. I licked and licked myself in all the places it hurt and then I fell asleep.
When I awoke, it hurt to move and I was all alone.
Cars whooshed in the distance. The sky was infinite through crisscrossing twigs. Far, far in the distance, a lonely tree pierced the flat horizon. The Outside World had never seemed so large, so threatening.
The easy thing would have been to stay under that bush, to lie peacefully and dream of better things until the sun and the wind dried my flesh and I sank into the rocky ground.
But I couldn't do that, because my people loved me and they needed me. It never occurred to me that they could be dead. That was not the natural progression of things. People with Heart were Forever. And He and She had Heart.
So thirsty. I peeled my swollen tongue off the roof of my mouth and let it dangle. Sand blew into my eyes. I squinted into the breeze and raised my head to sniff. So dizzy. Scents whirled through my brain, but only one mattered: water.
The sun sank as I dragged myself from the shade and staggered upright. My rear end did not seem to be operating the way it should.
I reeled toward the smell of water as shadows yawned across the land and the air swirled around me: warm, then cold, then warm, then cold, cold, cold.
Many times, I fell over on my side and the air squeaked out of my lungs: Not a yelp, exactly. I was too weak for that.
Then my paws touched mud and my knees crumpled beneath me. My tongue flopped out and unfurled in a foamy puddle. Sip by tiny sip, I licked up every bit. I threw it up, then I lapped up my vomit. I nuzzled my face into the mud, sniffing for more water, then, exhausted, I fell asleep.
I awoke to the rumble of thunder. Raindrops strafed across my fur and pelted my tongue. The smell of water flooded the air, and I knew then that I would be okay.
The storm passed like a big rig on the highway, leaving the desert steaming in its wake. I didn't know how long I had lain there, but it was daytime again, and the sky looked more friendly with clouds floating in it. My puddle was full, and I slurped up its foamy goodness. A dead mouse bobbed past. I snatched it up and bolted it before I even realized how hungry I had been.
I grazed on tender shoots of grass and drowned flies. I stayed there until the puddle seeped away, building my strength and hoping He would come to get me.
He never came.
So I decided to go Home.
I followed the scent of exhaust and the roar of cars to a road. I gazed one way at the stripe narrowing into the desert horizon, then the other, and I flinched with the scream and the whirlwind of cars hurtling toward who-knows-what.
I had never wondered about the other cars before: whether they were driving toward Adventures or Career Opportunities. Were the people in those cars joking and teasing? Or were they Very Polite?
What did they think about? Did they see me, sitting there on the side of the highway, slumped to one side, so as not to put weight on the leg that pulsed with pain?
When I had ridden in the car with He and She, and stared though the windshield and drunk in the wind through the open window, it had been a wonderful game.
Those views, those sniffs, hadn't really mattered because I was safe in my back seat. I went wherever my people went. Nothing else had mattered. Hopelessly naive, I knew almost nothing of the world.
Here is what I knew:
1. He and She always returned Home, no matter where they went or how long they were gone.
2. Therefore, I must return Home.
3. Home was in Denver.
4. Denver was far away
I sat in the ditch and thought, and sniffed all the cars that blasted past, and when one passed that smelled right, I jumped up and gave chase. Before I had staggered more than a few steps, the car hopped over a rise and vanished, leaving a trail of exhaust with undertones of sunny days and road trips and Heart. My bad leg gave way and I tumbled off the shoulder back into the ditch, yelping.


The Flying Mattress
For a day, I limped along the highway ditch, trying to follow the car that smelled of Home. The scent faded, faded, and I started to realize what a hopeless task I had.
I could have walked on the shoulder, but that was such an exposed place. How could I trust those cars not to veer to the side and thump-thump right over me?
The ditch was full of Stuff: furniture and cigarette butts and rotting food that I pogoed past.
Later I would become an expert on Stuff, but at the time, it was an obstacle, a distraction.
Then, a different kind of roar made me pause and look up.
A car blew past me with something strapped to its roof. A mattress. It smelled of sleep and dead skin and faintly of urine. It reared up in the wind. Arms angled out of both car windows, gripping the thing as it bucked and fought. The car got smaller and smaller, and then, off in the distance, the mattress flipped into the air above the car, and like a giant bird, it soared to the center of the highway, where it skidded into the concrete barrier.
The car swerved, then righted itself. Then it swooped to the shoulder as a series of vehicles swarmed past. Two tiny figures emerged.
A horn blared. One of the figures dashed toward the mattress. He vanished beyond a car hood, then reappeared, still upright, on the other side.
I stopped, heart in my throat, and stood, trembling, as a second figure ran to the median.
A semi-truck barreled down on them. It swerved, first the cab, then the trailer, and silently, in the distance, it punted the mattress into the air.
The tiny figures cowered. The mattress scudded to the tarmac. The figures dashed back to the shoulder as the semi rocked back and forth across the lanes, then righted itself.
Then, half a minute later, a long horn blast, like an afterthought, from the big truck.
I collapsed onto my good haunch, suddenly feeling my pain and fatigue, my weakness and hunger.
The car drove away, leaving the misshapen mattress for other cars to swerve around.
As I caught my breath, the scent of decay bloomed in my nostrils.
Decay is a scent so heady, so alluring in its connotations that it is irresistible. It is the smell of a good meal, of conquest, of the cycle of life. There is always a story behind the smell of decay: a story of struggle and release. It is the scent left behind when the spirit crosses through the veil to that other side.
A place of death is hot spot, a boon, where all creatures from maggots to coyotes gather to partake, to divvy up the vestiges of life: the blood, the bones, the intestines. A death is a banquet, a celebration!
Naturally, I was invited.
I veered out of the ditch and into a field, following my nose until I reached a spot where the grass was flattened and bits of fur floated in the breeze. I sniffed delicately at the sunken cavern of the belly and the bared teeth where the dried lips had pulled away. There were undertones of shampoo and kibble and the stale smell of indoors. Suddenly, it didn't smell so enticing any more. Perhaps it had walked onto the road and been punted into the air by a large truck. It was a dog. Perhaps a dog like me.
With just the tips of my front teeth, I nibbled at the desiccated flesh of a foreleg. But I couldn't do it.
I looked around at the sky and the flat horizon and sniffed at the spines of a cactus nestled in the grass at my feet. I sampled the breeze. Something was wrong. I drew in the scent of that banquet that would never be eaten, and let the knowing part of my brain work things out behind the scenes, and gradually, like a dream, the thought came upon me: I was going the wrong way.
And then another, less mysterious knowledge came upon me: I must not cross highways.


On the Road
Did you know that car time is different from walk time? When I set out, I thought it would only take a couple of days to get Home. But I was wrong.
On the road, sometimes, I met people who had Heart. I could feel their Heart coming from bus windows and parking lots. Sometimes, they would appear in front of me with Milk Bones or sticky-faced children. And they would try to pet me or invite me into their cars. But I could smell where they came from, and none of them smelled like Home. So I would eat their Milk Bones cautiously and duck away from their grasp.
People always think they know what's best for me. But what they're really thinking of is what's best for them, which is different.
In a parking lot outside Flagstaff, two young women gave me ice cream and barbequed beef, and I let my guard down, and I ended up stuck in the back of a station wagon for a whole day with explosive diarrhea, going toward Their Big Break in L.A.
Note to self: if something seems too good to be true, it probably is.
I also learned that even people with Heart can't always hear me. There I was, crammed in with all their luggage, whining, "Please, I really, really have to Do My Thing, and plus, Home is the other way."
And they just kept cooing to me like I was being unreasonable.
So when my bowels finally exploded all over their brand-new imitation Louis Vuitton luggage, they looked at each other and went, "Oooh. Eeew."
Then we stopped, and when one of them opened her door to get out, I scrambled over the top of all that luggage and across her lap, and I pogoed away, squirting a train of diarrhea.
Another thing that I learned on the road is that even when it seemed like people were doing something for me, it was actually the opposite.
People wanted to pet me. And even though they thought that petting me was doing me a kindness, I could feel their need, radiating out from them. Their clingy, anxious need. What they really wanted was a tiny bit of peace, a moment of calm, the ability to forget their troubles for just a moment. And they sensed that they could get it from me.
Needy people would lunge for me in the most random way. Leaping from cars, running out of convenience stores, looming up on the sidewalk. They scared me, those people. But every once in a while, I would allow one to run their fingers through my fur, to kiss my dirty head, to hug me as though we knew each other.
And for children, I always paused. Children are different.
That is how I learned about charity. I learned that when people offered me Milk Bones or potato chips or beef jerky, they were hurt if I didn't accept.
By accepting their scraps, I was, in turn, giving. Giving something much fuller, much richer than the scraps they offered me. Deep down they knew it, and they were grateful.
The days ran into each other. All day long I pogo, pogo, pogoed down the ditch with the cars zooming past and the clouds of exhaust. In a trance, I kept moving, kept my eyes down.
On the ground, there were landmarks: the aforementioned Stuff. Looking up was a kick in the gut. The road narrowed to a needle point on the horizon. The horizon never changed.
Sometimes I crawled through culverts to avoid crossing highways.
I visited the parking lots of Zoom Burger and The Golden Corral, and developed a taste for the finer foods. By that I mean hamburgers.
Then, gradually, something happened.
First, the garbage increased. Then, the number of gas stations. A city was somewhere nearby, stalking me by day, even as I stubbornly stumbled toward it.
It came at me in the form of cars with blaring horns and concrete barriers. It assaulted me with noise and stink.
By day, I cowered in culverts or under bushes caked with road grime and draped with garbage. At night, while the city rested, I slunk closer.
Houses spattered the landscape, their lights shining out across the acres. When I passed nearby, fingers of shadow and light reached for me. The contrast of that in-between place: half light, half darkness, made everything more threatening. The darkness felt darker and more foreign. But the light, although its glow was deceptively warm, was my nemesis. Lights were for keeping the wilderness at bay, and I had somehow become the wilderness.
Short-cutting a curve in the road one night, I made the mistake of crossing a patch of thick lawn. Just as I registered the fluffiness, the bounciness underfoot, a shot rang out. The wind of a bullet ruffled my ear fur.
Panicked shouting chased me down a driveway and nearly into the path of a train, a squealing, churning wall, pounding toward infinity.
Just in time, I bucked to a halt. My quivering legs gave way. The wall of sound drowned out my screams. I collapsed onto the rocks and accepted my fate, but death never came. The train throbbed into the distance, leaving only a smell of creosote and a deep, peaceful silence. Pain washed up from my rear end, but I welcomed it. It meant that I was alive.
As I snuck up on the city, the night sky turned to pink and the whole world roared like a vacuum.
The roar is a funny thing, because when you're in it, you don't even know it's there. It has many parts: the crackle of electrical lines and the thrum of engines, beeps and clicks and voices. Wind whistling between buildings, footsteps, airplanes. Barking and banging, breathing and shouting. Squeals, hums, whispers, clicks and beeps. But mostly, it's the machines. The city is a place of machines.
Every once in a while, a lone sound stood out from the rest: a bark or a honk, and it would sound so lonely. Because there is no place so lonely as a place where everyone belongs to the great machine except for you.
The smells increased, too. Not just car exhaust and antifreeze and asbestos (there are always those along the road), but more sinister smells: fear and hatred and rage and bitterness. Addiction and delusion. Nervous sweat and desperation and greed. Of course, you smell those anywhere there are people, but with so many people in one place, the odor becomes overwhelming. It can make you doubt yourself, all of that insanity.


The Cannibal
I slinked through the ditch, picking my way among discarded hypodermics and shattered glass and other sharp and dangerous things, until I came to a place where several highways met in a tangle, and I was baffled as to how to get through. Up to this point I had kept my resolution not to cross highways, although of course I had crossed many minor roads. That was an unavoidable hazard of travelling.
I hunkered behind a giant tumble weed and inspected the knot of roads, tracing the paths of the cars with my nose, and I started to get dizzy. It was a logic problem like I'd never attempted, so I was concentrating really hard. With that, and the roar of the city and the vroom of the cars and the exhaust thick in my throat, I didn't notice the man sneaking up behind me with a blanket and a roll of duct tape.
I didn't notice, that is, until everything went black. At first, I didn't even realize it was a problem, but then someone scooped me up, squeezing tightly. I yelped in fear and pain and struggled as hard as I could, biting and biting. Mostly, I bit mouthfuls of blanket, but I also bit my own tail, by accident.
The trap got tighter and tighter, until I could only twitch and whimper. Pain stabbed through me from my leg. I gave up and waited for what would happen next as the man carried me, jostling and swaying. Several times, he set me down.
Pain hurts worse when you fight it, and so does fear, so I tried to relax, and I filled my mind with thoughts of Him and Her and road trips and sunshine. "Good Girl," I said to myself, and that made everything a little bit better.
Inside the blanket, it was warm, and it was stuffy with scalp and urine and sweat and wood smoke. In my struggles, I had lost control of my bowels, and I could smell that, too, but this was no time to worry about incontinence.
I distracted myself so well that I lost track of time, but finally, I heard voices. He set me down for the last time. He jostled me from side to side, and then the blanket peeled aside. He gripped my muzzle with a hand. I cast my top eye over my surroundings, rolling it up into my head to try to see more.
A campfire cast shifting orange light on concrete, and shadow forms emerged from crevices and behind pillars and gathered to gaze down at me. I could hear the cars above us going whoosh...thump, thump. I stayed very still.
I tried to project an aura of cuteness, because overlaying the smell of scalp and urine and so on, was the unmistakable smell of terror. Terror, not of me specifically, but of the world and the future and of each other. Terror that could tip into rage. Savaging me would be a way for them to take control of their terror, but I really didn't want to make that sacrifice.
No one spoke. They shifted uneasily, scratched and grunted. One guy trembled. The fire snapped and dimmed.
"We need a knife."
I could feel his voice vibrate through the hand on my snout. My neck fur stood up in alarm and I whimpered softly.
On the edge of the group, a woman swayed uneasily, cleared her throat, and said, "I can't eat dog, Buddy."
My captor drew in his breath. "I bring you fresh meat and that's all you have to say? You think anyone else would go to all this trouble? Fuck you! The rest of us will eat and you can go to hell. Butch, bring me a knife!"
The whole group seemed to be holding their breath. The woman sniffed.
Butch said, "No."
Buddy straightened and stepped away from me. "Anybody else have something to say?"
The trembling guy mumbled something unintelligible.
"Speak up!" barked Buddy.
"I said it's wrong to eat dogs, Buddy." The words tumbled out. "I'm sorry, but I won't do it."
Buddy whipped around. The air whistled out of my lungs as he punted me like a football. I used the momentum to roll to my feet, then cowered backward into someone's shins. That person squatted and put protective arms around me. His matted hair tickled my face. "Shh," he whispered in my ear. "Be still."
I clamped down on a moan.
All hell broke loose. There was yelling and feet trampling all around me, and while Buddy was distracted, the man with the matted hair whisked me away from the firelight.
Panting, he set me down in a clump of bushes and told me to stay there, he'd be right back. When he returned, he had a backpack and a piece of cardboard and a rolled up sleeping bag. He sat beside me and we looked out over the lights of the city with its spires of skyscrapers and roads like rivers, and for the first time it seemed beautiful. He told me we were a team now, and I could trust him.
For the rest of the night we walked, as he coaxed and praised me. We crossed many roads, but that is something you have to do in the city. It was okay, though, because he was a Car Whisperer.
He would hold out his hand as though it alone would stop the cars, and he would glare into the headlights, and I would hobble at his side from one curb to the other. The cars never disobeyed him. He had magical control.
His name was Nelson, and he took care of me. When the sky bled with the first light of day, and we were all the way on the other side of Downtown, he curled up with me in a frozen flower bed, and we went to sleep, our breath mixing in clouds in the slanted morning sunshine.
For a day, we rested, but the next morning we started work. Nelson stood on the median holding up his piece of cardboard. I sat beside him. My job was to look hungry. With what we earned, we bought burgers, mostly, but sometimes Taco Bell, and sometimes we bought beer.
When Nelson drank the beer, my job was to watch over him until he woke up and make sure nobody stole his backpack or his sleeping bag or his piece of cardboard. For this job, I practiced the same glare that Nelson used on cars. I would also rumble secretly in my throat. People couldn't hear it but they felt the vibration in the air, and they would stop and turn away without knowing exactly why.
As we travelled, we camped in parks and on ventilation grates and behind dumpsters. Once, we slept in a car that someone had left unlocked. Nelson picked the change from the ash tray and we shared a Snickers bar from the glove compartment. There was a T-shirt in the back seat. It was too small for Nelson, so he decided that I should wear it to keep me warm.
The next day, after I tripped on one of the sleeves and tumbled down the steps of the Immaculate Conception Church during Free Cocoa Friday, he took it off.
All that while, we had been moving in a wide arc that didn't get us much closer to Home, but didn't take us too far away. Nelson was good company, and he took care of me, just like he had promised, so I stayed with him. When we hitch hiked out of the city, we caught some Deluxe Rides. Once, we rode in a 1963 Ford Falcon with red leather upholstery. Nelson said I was his Good Luck Charm.


Nelson's Sister
Winter was approaching, and one bone-achingly frozen morning at the KT Travel Plaza, Nelson hatched a plan to drop in on his sister for a couple of months. He called his sister from the pay phone by the Redbox. Then he took a shower and combed his hair so that he would smell trustworthy.
I shrank into the brick wall beside the ice machine and waited.
Large trucks came and went. Their running lights and flashers reminded me of the car crash with He and She. I drew in the scent of diesel and cigarette smoke and fantasized about trotting in and snatching a foot-long hotdog from the rotating rack on the counter.
A dusty pickup pulled off the highway and turned into the lot, and instead of driving directly to a gas pump, it cruised the parking lot slowly and pulled to a stop at the ice machine. After a moment, a woman with fluffy hair and a puffy jacket climbed out. She gave me a nod. I stood to peer after her as she entered the building.
A minute later, she came out with a Nelson who was transformed. His hair was slicked back and he'd dug some less-dirty clothes out of his backpack for this important reunion.
"This is Sophie," he gestured to me. I wagged once.
"I figured," said his sister. She smiled gently. I could feel her heart, warm but noncommittal. I liked her.
I rode in the bed of the pickup and listened through the gap in the sliding window as we drove on many similar dirt roads at right angles, past horses and cows in fields. I drew in the aroma of fresh manure and dry hay. We drove for a very long way, down into creases in the earth and across creeks and up over rolling ridges, and the land looked the same in every direction.
I felt uneasy, knowing that we were leaving the road to Home, but Nelson had promised a warm bed and regular meals, so perhaps it was worth it, just for a while, to regroup before the next leg of the journey Home.
Their voices were drowned out by the whistling wind, but she seemed to be doing most of the talking. He nodded a lot. I noticed that he never tried his magic glare on her. His glare was nothing compared to hers.
When we got to the house, she gave Nelson a haircut and misted me with Febreeze, and we settled into a routine right away.
Life with Nelson's sister was easy. It turned out her name was Nelson, too. Her last name.
She gave me all the Spam I could eat. Once we got to know each other better, I even let her brush me with an old hairbrush, long strokes down the length of my body that made me shiver with pleasure.
She poured all the beer down the sink and made Nelson cry, and woke us up in the morning by singing loudly, off-key as she cooked Jimmy Dean Sausage Patties.
She did as she pleased. And so did we (I mean we did as she pleased), but I didn't mind.
Her husband was quiet and worked until dark and came home smelling of sweat. Her two almost-grown sons were in and out of the house like trains: big and loud, and then gone.
Nelson got a Real Job, which meant that he was gone all day like everybody else. His sister thought our conversations were weird because she couldn't Hear me, so we didn't talk any more.
And after a few weeks of silent meals and sniffing around the frozen yard and lying in the patch of sun by the patio door, I realized that I was no longer needed. She was kind, Nelson's sister, and Nelson was trying hard to fit in, but I couldn't stay. I imagined that He and She were somewhere, not too far, waiting for me.


Going Home
Nelson dropped me off at the KT Travel Plaza on his way to work the next morning. He said that he would explain it to the rest of the family.
He rounded up a fat trucker in stained sweats who was willing to take me to Denver for fifty dollars. Then Nelson held my paw and bowed his head toward the oily pavement.
"You can come back, you know," he said.
I sighed. We had been over this already.
He boosted me into the cab of the eighteen wheeler, and made the trucker promise to lift me out respectfully at a nice park, not just dump me on the side of the highway. And then he walked away quickly.
He thought I wouldn't make it. He worried about me. But I knew I'd be fine. I was going Home. It was him I was worried about. That life with the job and the family and the No Beer had him in a strangle hold, and some day soon, he would have to fight his way out.
The trucker kept his promise, lowering me to the snowy ground at City Park with a can of Alpo smeared on a paper sack and a Styrofoam coffee cup full of water. I was too excited to eat or drink. I wanted to get on my way (later, I would regret that decision). As he watched, I wagged my thanks, sampled the air, and bounded toward home.
When I reached Home that night, the moon was full and the landscape glowed with snow. And because of the snow, the smells were so sharp, so pure, every footprint unsullied. The cars went shush, shush, shush. The house was dark. I didn't notice at first that something was wrong.
I pogoed up the front steps on three legs, leaving perfect, flawless prints, each one a portal, releasing the glorious scents beneath: Scents of wood and mice and fallen leaves. Scents of the season in which I had left this house.
I scratched at the door, and I waited. My heart scrabbled at my chest. I rocked from foot to foot with the rhythm of my wag. Nobody came. I scratched and scratched and scratched, and paint flaked off and the weather stripping shredded, but nobody came. Nobody said, "I'm coming, hold your horses." No lights came on. No footsteps sounded.
And then I noticed what was wrong. It was the smells. They were all stale. Yes, I could smell He there, and She, too, but they were gone.
I backed up to the top of the steps and I cocked my head to see the blank bedroom window, and I howled, "Nooooooooooo!"
That was all the plan I had. There was nothing else. The pain, the loneliness, spun out of me in song.
A window slid open next door. The neighbor barked, "Shut up!" and slammed it shut.
By that time I was empty anyway. I slumped down on the door mat among the leaves and musty newspapers and the skiff of snow that smelled like dust.


My Mistake
For a few days I lingered there, sleeping under the bush in the front yard and hoping, hoping that I was wrong, that they would be home any minute. I kept watch from under the bush, and at every noise, every slamming car door, every voice and shadow, I raised my head hopefully, sniffing, sniffing.
But it was never them.
I was hungry and weak.
The snow stopped and the neighbors came out with their shovels and scraped, scraped the concrete, letting all the smells out to mix together.
Then I felt the rumble of a shovel on our walk and leapt up in joy, knocking a chunk of snow off my bush. I bounced out from under, wagging the wet clumps from by coat.
"Woah! Sophie, is that you?"
The person shoveling our walk smelled of cigarettes and sitting still. He smelled all wrong. It wasn't Him. I froze mid-wag and squinted up at him.
"Oh, Sophie," he said, so sadly.
It was the neighbor. The man with the cocky Chihuahua that talked smack at me through the crack in the fence. My people treated this man like a friend, but I knew better. Just then, the Chihuahua started yapping.
"I own you! You're my bitch! Come and get me!" he said, "Just try! I'll rip you apart! What are you, a sissy?"
The neighbor reached out as I backed away. I forgot and put my foot down. In spite of myself, I yelped. It must have been the lack of sleep and the cold and the hunger, because I don't usually vocalize unless I've got something to say.
The neighbor tried to grab me by the neck. I sidestepped him, trying to think through my options, while the whole time that Chihuahua was yapping, "We own you! You're our bitch! We're gonna show you who's boss!"
Before I knew what I was doing, I was pogoing toward the street, and I hadn't even decided where I was going. I thought maybe I'd circle back once things calmed down, but that never worked out.
The neighbor cut me off. He cornered me there between the six-foot cedar fence and the hose bib, with the Chihuahua on the other side, talking smack.
What happened next was possibly my lowest point. It's where I Hit Bottom, as they said in Nelson's AA meetings. I was confused. I was overstimulated. I thought I had nothing to lose. I was wrong. I bit him.
As he howled and cursed, I fled. I ran to the park where in better times I had played with my people and He would throw a ball for me while She sat on the swing and watched. I crawled under the picnic table and I hid my head, cowering from the consequences which were at that very moment headed my way.
"It went under there," came the neighbor's voice, muffled by snow.
"I see the prints. Stand back."
Footsteps neared. A shadow fell across my closed lids. Something slapped me on the back of the head, then it had me by the neck, choking, choking! It dragged me out while I gasped "It was an accident! Can't...breathe!"
I lay on my side, one leg in the air, tail tucked, and peeked out from behind my paw. At first all I saw was the lowering sky with a few snowflakes spiraling down. Then a man in a uniform stepped into view above me.
"She really doesn't look that vicious," he said. "You say it's your neighbor's dog?"
"Former neighbors. I thought so, but now that I get a look at her, she's a lot skinnier. And their dog didn't have whatever is going on with the leg there."
"Broken, I'd say," the uniform put in.
"And Sophie would never have bitten me...So, what next?"
"No collar. We'll check for a microchip. After that..." He shrugged. Sighed.


Truffle
The Pound isn't just one place. It's everywhere. But it always smells the same, of diarrhea and bleach and fear.
And I knew that it was Not Good that I was back. I was a Bad Dog, and also lame, and odds were high I was headed for The Room You Never Leave.
I kicked over my water bowl and hunched in the corner, despondent, leaning my shoulder into the damp wall to prop me upright. My eyelids fluttered shut.
I sprang them open again. My head bobbed. I would not sleep. I would stay alert to face my consequences.
Exhausted, I sagged into the wall again. My shoulder slid gradually down, until I was almost (but not quite) sprawled on the floor. If I got too comfortable, I might fall asleep.

"Hey, Fang! Hahaha!"
My eyes popped open.
My upper lip was smeared to the wall. Drool pooled on the floor and on my front paws, where my chin had rested just moments before.
A woman with a small head-tail (not a glorious one like She) tossed a chunk of kibble through the gate to get my attention. I let it bounce off my shoulder and roll into the hair-filled floor drain.
"So what's your story? Lenny says you bit somebody."
"Fuck off," I murmured under my breath, and focused on the seam where the cinder blocks met. There was hair in there as well.
"You don't look like a killer to me," she said. She tossed another piece of kibble.
"I'm not," I growled.
"So what happened to your leg? Doesn't that hurt?"
I swiveled my eyes to look her over. "Are you just here to mess with me? Because I'm really not in the mood."
A wicked grin spread over her face. "Oh, the dog deigns to give me a glance."
She whirled like she'd proved some kind of point and bounced off, with the barks of the other dogs following her down the aisle. After she had left, and the other dogs settled down except for one cocker spaniel with emotional issues, I curled up as tight as I could. Inside, I was whimpering, but I didn't let it show. My dignity was all I had left.
Two days later, the barks washed over me like a wave as someone entered the kennel block. I felt the rattle of the keys in the gate, and I knew this was it. I was going to That Room.
Hands slipped the noose over my drooping head. I kept my eyes on the floor and my whimper contained as I was led down the line. The other dogs were all barking now, with joy and longing and jealousy. "Pick me! Pick me!" They chorused.
"Idiots," I thought.
Past legs and children and chairs we went. Past a cat meowing from a cardboard box.
And then, suddenly, we were outside! And it was like seeing the sky, the sun, smelling dirt and asphalt for the first time.
At the other end of the leash was (I did a double-take) the woman with the small head tail.
She paused while I did two days' worth of business next to the poop-bag dispenser. As she stooped to collect it, grimacing, I did a Fosbury Flop into the gritty snow and wriggled, wriggled, until I no longer smelled of despair but of other more hopeful scents: spilled soda and motor oil and a bouquet of different urines.
I bounced with her across the tarmac. I didn't care who she was or where we were going as long as we were leaving. She opened the door to her Very Small Car, and I jumped right in. Smiling, I hunched to see the sky through the windshield.
She gave me a dirty look and rolled down her window. "Your breath reeks," she said.
She didn't exactly have Heart. At least I couldn't see it. But she had something. A little chocolate truffle or something right there in her chest, that she was afraid somebody might steal.
As the car crept through town, she muttered to herself about Rush Hour and Learn to Drive You Asshole. Her fists clenched the steering wheel. She leaned forward into the glare of headlights.
And as we glided slowly, I caught a faint whiff of my old neighborhood and craned my neck in yearning. The scent faded, faded behind us as my heart crumbled all over again.
Lost in thought, I plowed face-first into the windshield when the car stopped. I was starting to develop a fear of cars.
As she slipped a noose over my head, I sighed and tried to focus. This was my new gig. I had to pull myself together.
She coaxed me up a steep metal staircase as I panted with effort and dread. Snow and concrete and shadows loomed through the gaps in the treads. I was way beyond Wanting or Making Things Happen. This was survival mode.
"Hi Grandpa," she said, when an old man opened the door. She gripped the noose more tightly.
"What's this?" he barked.
"I got you a dog."
"What for?"
"I thought you could use the company."
He glared at her, then inspected me doubtfully. My dirty fur. My bony ribs. The useless leg resting gently on the landing.
Truffle held her breath.
"My show is coming on," he said. He left the door open as he turned back toward the main room.
"Please, Grandpa. They were going to put her down."
He eased himself into an easy chair with an ergonomic cushion, let his hand dangle down near the floor and twitched his fingers.
That was our in! I towed Truffle across the carpet and nuzzled his fingers.
"What for?" he asked. Truffle seemed confused, but I knew that he wanted the details of my crime.
I said, "It only happened once, and I didn't mean it!"
Truffle started to speak. He shushed her. She settled like a bird on a telephone wire.
He leaned to peer down at me. After a long inspection he scowled up at his granddaughter.
"You can go now."
He pried the TV remote from between the chair cushions and the TV started to speak.
She waited, but he was completely focused on the TV.
I could understand why! It was mesmerizing!
When Truffle was gone, his hand crept down, oh, so casually, and rested on my neck. And when a commercial came on, he muted the TV again, and said, "So what is it you did, but only once?" This time, his voice was kind.


Virgil Rosenberger
His name was Virgil Rosenberger. Downstairs, under the apartment with the TV, was a shop where he sold Really Old Stuff to people who needed more Stuff.
"I think you and I can get along," he said. He preferred dogs to people, he said, because they couldn't hurt you the same way. He told me about his family, who were Self-Absorbed Asses (and mostly dead anyway), and Truffle, who Never Wrote a Thank You Note in Her Life.
"Don't know why she's trying to suck up now," said Virgil.
We decided that it was because Virgil was going to Keel Over soon.
"Sophie," he said. "You've gotta watch out for people who think they're doing you favors."
I thought of my unwelcome detour toward the Big Break In L.A.
"And women," he added. "Never trust a woman."
Our first day together was very much like every day after it. Virgil booted me off the end of the bed, where I had crept in the middle of the night. We had coffee and Little Debbie Swiss Rolls for breakfast. I wasn't sure at first whether I liked coffee, but after breakfast I felt Very Alert.
We tackled the Scary Stairs one at a time. Virgil gripped the rail. I panted and concentrated on not tumbling end-over-end.
I did my business on the patch of dirt next to the tree on the parking strip and Virgil kicked it into the gutter.
The Shop smelled of broken dreams and lost love and mice and wet shoes, and all of it was fuzzy with dust.
As Virgil watched, almost smiling, I wobbled around, familiarizing myself with the layout. Under the racks I wandered, and behind the bookcases and into the deserted corners.
I heaved my front end up onto boxes to sniff at the cardboard flaps and stuck my head into the bathroom that smelled of urine and followed a spider along the base of the wall, sniffing, sniffing, until it reared up in annoyance.
I got on my belly and wormed under the sales counter with the dropped change and lost receipts and balls of hair. And then I got stuck. Virgil tipped the counter up on two legs as I scrambled out, sneezing. Everything in the case shifted six inches to the front, and stayed that way.
I found sweaty old clothes hanging from pipes in the ceiling and cut glass candle sticks and board games in broken boxes and photos of someone's ancestors and jars of marbles and half-empty cardboard cartons spilling their contents onto the concrete in places where the linoleum had worn away. There were cases full of sparkly jewelry and broken meat grinders. Anything you could possibly want, you could find in our shop.
Overall, it was satisfactory. There and then, I embraced my new career as a Shop Dog.


The Power of Stories
Every night we watched television together, and every day we hobbled down the stairs to the Shop. Virgil read novels that smelled like autumn leaves. I lay on my bed behind the counter, or under the army surplus rack, and watched.
It wasn't just a junk shop. People called it that because we weren't much for cleaning and things were organized according to whether Virgil Got Around To It.
But it was a lot more than a junk shop. A person looking at it with eyes of wonder would have seen a place of possibilities. Anything could be there. Everything was there. Everything in the whole world. I know, you think I'm exaggerating because you only look with your eyes. You glance over something, and you think you know it.
Well, it's not looking that will help, anyway. It's seeing. And seeing isn't only with your eyes.
You know they train dogs to be "seeing eyes", which is kind of ironic, considering our vision is, well, mediocre. But the thing is, dogs don't see with their eyes. We see with our hearts. We see with smell and sound and feel. We know all the scents on the wind, the tension in the air. We see what you're thinking. We hear what you don't say. We touch you with our eyes. We make things happen by wanting.
Dogs operate in a connected universe. People, not so. Even when you think you can see, you're blind: The Orphans of the Universe.

Customers trickled in. They gave Virgil Rosenberger money for Really Old Stuff that smelled of despair and of ghosts. In the beginning, I asked Virgil why they bought this Stuff, why they came to a shop that smelled so sad, and gave him Good Money for dead people's clothes and broken appliances and toys that were never loved, even when they were new.
He said it was for the stories, not the Stuff. People needed more stories in their lives.
"Things with stories are security for some people," said Virgil. "Old things. Used things. Things that have seen it all and survived. But when I was a young man I didn't think about it much."
I lay at the foot of Virgil's recliner and listened. It was one of the only times Virgil spoke philosophically to me. If only I had realized, I would have paid more attention.
Virgil continued, "I just knew it was a way to make nothing into something. Buy a toy car at a garage sale for twenty-five cents. Hawk it in the shop for ten dollars. It was easy. And it was kind of fun snooping through other people's stuff. I was looking for something, I think. Some kind of...promise."
My eyelids drooped shut, then sprang open when I heard the word: "Wife".
"...and then after she passed away and Ashley showed up on my doorstep, I still didn't know where life's promise was. And did anyone ever have it? And if so, how? I still don't know, but it's okay. It's...okay."
Virgil told me that I was his family now, that it felt like I understood him, that he didn't care if it was cuckoo. It wasn't paradise, mind you, but it was better than nothing at all.
I assured him that I could indeed understand him, and that pretty much any dog could do that. The extraordinary thing, I said, was that he could Hear me.
He said, "It's okay. You don't have to build me up. At my age, I've got nobody to impress."
And then Virgil heaved himself out of his chair with a groan, knocking over the empty Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey bottle, and reeled off to bed.

I thought back to that conversation many times as I shaped my theory of the Power of Stories. And afterward, as I re-inventoried the shop in the light of my discoveries, I began to see that each object spoke for itself. Each had a story as unique as you or me. No two books, no two horse-hair brushes or toy soldiers or 70 RPM gramophone records had comforted the same grief, had been flung in the same argument, had represented the same social aspirations, and therefore, organizing the merchandise was just as random as not organizing at all.


The Snorkel to Puppyhood
Of all the many things in that shop, one particular object called to me. It was an old wool Marine Corps jacket, and it smelled of sheep, of course, which was alluring in itself. But this one was special, and I would sit under the rack, with all the military sleeves and pant cuffs dangling around me, and I would stick my nose up the sleeve, and it was like a snorkel to puppyhood.
"Why do you do that?" Virgil asked one day. "You're getting hair all over it. Nobody's going to buy it."
Privately, I thought that was a good thing, because it was my jacket, and it loved me.
He set his novel spine-up on the counter top and grunted as he got off his stool. The hangers squeaked as he shoved them aside. He unhooked the jacket, lay it on top of the rack to rifle through the pockets, searching, I expected, for food. As if that was the only thing that would interest me. As if I were that shallow. Plus, if there had been food in the pockets, I would have eaten it already.
He eyed me. "So, what is it? What's so special about this jacket?"
I gazed away from him over my shoulder in a dog version of a shrug.
"Metcalfe," he said, and my ears jumped. "Who's Metcalfe?"
"What do you mean?" I said.
"The name." He pointed at the jacket lining. "Says Metcalfe."
My ears jumped again. How strange. It didn't smell like Him, exactly. But now that I thought about it, there was a similarnuance.
"So?" Virgil asked.
"I don't know," I yawned, and that was true. But I had an idea.
"At least try not to drool on it, Sophie," said Virgil. He batted the jacket and hairs sprang off, then drifted in the sun slanting though the display window.
After that, I started studying genealogy, which is the science of connection. People who are related to each other smell similar, as you may realize, but so do related things, places and events.
This was comforting to me. I could stick my nose up the sleeve of a coat that had belonged, for instance, to His Dead Uncle Jack, and my heart would instantly be transported to a place where it could almost meet with Him. A place where His presence was near, like He had just left the room. As though He thought of me, too.


The Necklace
I had my favorite coat, my Snorkel to Puppyhood. Virgil had a favorite object as well, in the shop.
In the corner with the bric-a-brac and military medals and old toys, there was a locked glass case, and on a worn pink velvet stand, a necklace was draped. Customers who saw it tended to be confused more than anything, because they couldn't figure out why anybody would wear a scrimshaw necklace with a drawing of a narwhal on it.
On the rare occasions that someone did ask to see it, Virgil would tell them that it wasn't for sale. Once a week, he would unlock the case and take out the necklace, not to look at, but to hold, and then he would place it back on the stand gently, as though it could be hurt.
One day, a woman walked up to the counter, drowning in a huge wool coat. "Mr. Rosenberger?" She sounded young, but her face was wrinkled from hard use.
"Hang on," grumbled Virgil. At the end of his paragraph he set his novel down.
"Okay. What?" he said, looking her over.
"I'm Katherine Stoughton. I don't know if you--"
"I remember," he said, and stood.
When he finally met her eye, he didn't quite smile, but I could tell that he was pleased. She, it seemed, was just as pleased to see him. I could tell because their air between them was restful.
There was a pause.
"I'm in town for a--well, it doesn't matter. But I was wondering how you're doing. How Ashley's doing."
"She's...fine. She's fine," he repeated. "Don't see her much. Suppose you want her address."
Katherine shrugged.
Virgil grunted and stepped out from behind the counter. "I'm glad you came in, because I had something set aside for you."
I followed with interest as he wound his way to the corner with the bric-a-brac and unlocked the case there. I peered through the glass as he reached in and, with only slight hesitation, fumbled the narwhal necklace off of its stand.
Fingers trembling, he glanced at it one last time, then thrust it at her. As she examined it, he returned to his novel behind the sales counter.
Katherine pursued him. "Are you sure?"
"Yup," Virgil barked, not looking up from his book.
"But it's a family heirloom."
He sighed. "I should have sent it right back, but I didn't. You know, it wasn't really stolen. Ashley would have inherited it anyway, and if she wanted you to have it..."
"It is beautiful."
"You like it?" Virgil's face brightened.
She nodded.
Then that settles it." He took the necklace from her, wrapped it in tissue and plopped it into a tiny bag. He rummaged in a drawer for a pen and sketched her a map to Ashley's place. In a spiky scrawl, he copied Ashley's phone number from the blotter on the counter top.
"Would you like me to say hello for you?"
Virgil thought. "Tell her...thanks for the dog."
When she was gone, I circled three times and flopped onto my dog bed. "You surprise me," I said to Virgil.
"Good. Keep you on your toes," he said, without looking up from his book.
"What about not trusting women? I thought that was one of our core values."
"What are you talking about?" he barked.
I craned my head away and didn't huff. I sighed. Huffily.
"You like her," I said under my breath. These things, a dog can see.
"So? Every once in a while in life, you meet someone who's not an asshole, okay?"

So I discovered that Virgil had secrets, even from me.
As a dog, I disapprove on principle of secrets, but I had already learned that Virgil took offense when I pushed open the bathroom door, for example, while he followed his private toilet rituals. As though I didn't know what was going on. As though he gave me any privacy while I did my business.
Also, Virgil was hiding things in the basement. Dangerous things.
Virgil got touchy when I tried to investigate, and eventually I stopped sniffing at the crack under the basement door and trying to make him turn the door handle.
So Virgil had some faults.
But he did a lot of good through our shop. He just didn't want it to lead to hugs or confessions or holiday invitations. He was a hands-off kind of philanthropist. Not that he thought of himself as a Good person. Quite the opposite. And most people would probably agree. He was grumpy and rude and he didn't have any friends. As far as I could tell, he barely even tolerated his own family.
In the shop, the phone would ring and ring, sometimes. And then finally Virgil would pick up the handle and bark, "What?!...Well I'm still alive, so you can stop hassling me."
That's how he kept in touch with Truffle.
Other times, a customer would call, and they would want to know whether we had a 1947 whatchamacallit or a certain kind of antique sock puller, or a first edition of On the Road, and he'd say, "How the hell would I know? Don't bother me, I'm busy."
The day he slammed the phone down for the last time, and wrestled the cord out of the socket and threw it in the overflowing garbage can, I was glad. We were happier when he didn't have to communicate.


A Calling
Each of us has a calling in life, a certain passion or intelligence that no one else possesses. Whatever this thing is, it is meant to be put to use. If we ignore it or lock it away, it's like a monster in our chest. For example, Nelson's calling as a Car Whisperer meant that he was happiest walking the streets all day. Virgil's calling was to help people without being nice. My calling is for management.
But the first time Virgil locked me in the apartment, I didn't understand about passion and intelligence.
The TV sat silent. I was bored.
First, I investigated the kitchen. I tipped over the garbage and sorted out the recyclables. After that, I was hungry, so I pulled half a loaf of cinnamon bread and a stick of butter off the kitchen counter, chewed through the wrappers and ate them (Virgil didn't know until the bread bag came out my other end the next day).
Virgil still wasn't home, so I nosed open the bottom row of cabinets one-by-one and dragged out a greasy fryer, which I licked clean (see, I was doing housework). I climbed up on a kitchen chair, and from there onto the table. The table tilted dangerously as I tried to step across to the countertop, and I bailed out and landed with a yelp on the fryer.
I limped into the bedroom and pulled all of the dirty underwear out of the clothes hamper and rolled in them.
I lapped some water from the toilet, then climbed into the tub and fiddled with the lever, trying to turn the water on. When that failed, I pawed at the drain plug and got it spinning like a top until it unscrewed all the way and fell on its side.
Then I couldn't think of any more projects, so I crawled under Virgil's comforter and fell asleep.
At the time, it hadn't felt destructive. It had felt like busy work. But when Virgil got home from the grocery store an hour later, he called me a Bad Dog and whacked me with the TV Guide. As often happens in life, however, the destruction broke down old barriers.
After that, Virgil took me with him to the grocery store. He wore dark sunglasses and carried a cane. Sometimes, a nice young woman would offer to push our cart. Nobody ever seemed to notice our car parked in the handicapped space. Maybe they thought I drove. I liked to think that I could have.
As you know, I was always ambitious. I watched and learned, and I started to take more initiative around the shop. I developed a saleslady persona to communicate with the customers. Just talking wasn't enough. I had to put my heart and my will into it.
Most people don't Hear me, or maybe they choose not to hear. That's one thing about people: You can't make them believe anything if they don't want to, but they're willing to buy into the craziest ideas instead: that granola bars are not cookies, that a gecko is a reliable insurance salesman, that large houses are more prestigious than the cheap hotels they resemble. People might not be very smart, but they are complicated. Fascinatingly, deliciously, tragically complicated.
Virgil had been correct that our customers were looking for stories, but I learned that it was more complicated than that. For one thing, they didn't know they were looking for stories. Furthermore, not just any stories would do. They were looking for their stories: Lost or unfinished stories or new stories to help them move forward.
Some people think that stories aren't important, but they are actually the ones who need them most. Stories are gentle teachers, places for imagination to grow. They are healers, companions and nourishment.
Stories fill the empty, lonely places in people's hearts.
Dogs--dogs don't need stories, not really. We live in the present, for the most part. People live anywhere but in the present. They resist the present with everything they've got. They want to live in the past or in the future, because here and now, what's to hold onto? No, humans need stories to nourish them, as they are starved of the present.
My ambition was this: to heal the world by matching each individual with his or her perfect story, to give context and wholeness to a life spent ricocheting from past to future, future to past, never noticing the now.
People usually don't know what's best for them. So of course sometimes, they have to be tricked. And people don't like that. They feel disrespected. They yell. But later, when they think we've forgotten them, they come back. Oh, yes, they come back. They can't help themselves. Their story-starved souls pull them back.


The Trail of Pain
All of this knowledge did not come easily. My first customer, which was actually two customers, nearly ended in disaster.
First of all, it's very unusual for us to have two customers at a time. We draw a certain kind of clientele. Most people, when they pass by our display windows, shiver a little and walk faster. Maybe they sense all the potential there. Maybe it's the dust and the smell of despair and the thicket of Stuff you could get lost in. Maybe they sense what's in the basement. Or maybe they're just not ready for transformation.
Anyway, on that particular day, there were two customers, and both of them loitered by the sales counter. The man called, "Hellohello?" The teenaged girl seemed to be in a hurry. She had a sequined taffeta dress tucked under her arm and her wallet open.
Virgil was in the bathroom. As I mentioned, he doesn't like it when I barge in, even to alert him to two customers. As usual, he was in there for a really long time. I could hear the pitter-patter of his uneven spray missing the toilet bowl. Who knew when he'd finish?
So I heaved my front paws up onto the sales counter, which wasn't easy. My one good rear leg wobbled and hopped around behind me as I tried to stay upright, and I did my best Virgil impression: "Five bucks," I barked to the girl, then glanced at her wallet.
She hesitated.
I said, "Come on, I can't stand like this forever."
The man behind her started to laugh, and the girl turned to him. "You think I should give my money to the dog?"
The man looked me over, mischief in his eyes. "The dog seems to think so."
"Woof," I said.
He burst out laughing.
"Well, I've gotta get back for trig class," said the girl. "She said five dollars, right?"
The man looked at the girl doubtfully. She laid a bill and a quarter "for tax" on the counter.
I wagged at her and winked.
She glanced back at the man and hurried out.
He reached to pet me, but changed his mind, lucky for him.
Just then, the bathroom door scraped open and Virgil appeared, shaking water from his fingers. I pawed the girl's five dollar bill off the counter and shoved it under my bed as Virgil approached.
"Your dog is quite the character," said the customer.
Virgil cut his glance toward me. "Thinks she runs the place, she does."
The man laughed.
I sat on the dog bed with the money under it and feigned disinterest.
"A young woman just walked out with a--" said the customer.
"I charged her five dollars," I interrupted.
Virgil glared at me until I pulled up the corner of my bed to show him the money.
Virgil snorted, "You going to keep that?"
"Excuse me?" said the customer.
"Nothing. What do you want?"
"There's a Japanese sword--"
"No!" I barked. It slipped out.
Virgil scowled.
"--in the case back there. I was hoping I could have a look at it."
"Sophie seems to think that's a bad idea."
"Are you kidding me?" said the man.
My neck fur stood up and so did I, and my tail stuck up like a giant middle finger, and inside my chest came the Silent Rumble from my days with Nelson. And while all of this happened, I could not have told you why. I mean, I had no reason to dislike him, other than his trying to pet me, but lots of people make that mistake.
"Why is that?" the man asked. His voice was calm. Matter-of-fact, even.
"Well, I, uh, don't know, really. But Sophie's sometimes right about these things..." Virgil trailed off, then rallied again under the other man's glare. "Some people, sometimes they get overstimulated, and if they have a weapon in the house, well...and then the police come asking me whether I sold it to you, and it could cause me some...inconvenience."
"Too much information," I said.
"Well, fine, Sophie, you talk to him then. Oh right, you can't, because you're a dog."
"Are you really arguing with the dog?" said the customer.
Virgil straightened up.
"I don't like him," I murmured.
"Don't bother me, young man. I'm busy." Virgil said.
And then, while I watched, the customer transformed. He shouted a curse and heaved over the doily case and threw the hat stand like a javelin, and it impaled the military surplus rack, and then he stomped out and as the cowbell clanked behind him, I felt a trail of pain spill after him like blood.
As Virgil swept glass into a dust pan, Robyn from Latte Love coffee shop next door peeked in.
"What's all the commotion?"
Virgil's jaw worked, his lips mashing together.
"Oh my God," Robyn stepped closer. "Are you okay? What happened?"
"Dissatisfied customer," he choked out.
"Shouldn't you call the police?"
He jerked his head side-to-side.
She came back a few minutes later with two semi-fit male Latte Love coffee drinkers, who set the doily display (what was left of it) upright and pried the hat stand out of the military surplus rack.
Virgil grunted at them for thanks.
When Virgil and I were alone again, he asked me, "What do you think he was going to do with the sword?"
I stuck my nose up the sleeve of my favorite jacket and took a deep, steadying breath. "I don't know. But I think we should hide it in the basement."
"What do you know about the basement?" he barked.
As a matter of fact, I thought I knew quite a bit. We got some Stuff from garage sales, but mostly people brought Stuff directly to the store. Virgil would look it over and sometimes he would set aside something and pay for it with cash from the register. Then he would take whatever he'd bought, and he would set it somewhere and forget about it.
Later, when he couldn't remember where he got something, he's say, "Sophie, that thing gives me the creeps." And he'd pick it up and carry it down to the basement and leave it there.
I had to agree, some of the things he bought were creepy. But where he just got the hair standing up on the back of his neck and the tingling feeling in his shoulders and the slight urge to hide, I had more information. I could smell the blood.


Garage Sale-ing
The samurai sword incident was disturbing, but I've had much more frightening experiences, and I don't mean on the road when I was homeless.
The scariest day of my life was the first time I went garage sale-ing with Virgil. That may surprise you, because, as you know, I've been through some hard times. But the thing is, when you are facing death, a kind of calm comes over you, and you start to think, "Okay, if this is it, I can handle it." You start to think in terms of eternity, and the details fall away. Because when you're really in deep trouble, there's nothing you can do anyway. Panicking won't help.
The truly scary things are the ones where you have some control, where you see an opportunity to prevent disaster.
Like driving with Virgil in his Buick.
First of all, I could smell his fear, just backing out of the spot behind the building.
Crunchtinkle, tinkle. Robyn came running out of the back door of Latte Love. The screen door clattered behind her as she screeched, "Stop! Stop! What are you doing?"
Virgil craned out the open window, squinted at her Honda Accord, parallel parked along the alleyway.
"Why would you park there, anyway?" he said.
"You could have asked me to move!"
Virgil fumbled with the gear shift and we drifted backward into her Honda once again.
"Oh, damn," he said. "Would you quit dancing around? You're making me nervous."
"Just. Stop." Robyn bit off the words. "Do not. Touch. The accelerator."
I pawed at the door handle. "Can I get out?" I said.
"Sophie, not now," said Virgil.
Robyn reached across Virgil through the open window and adjusted the shift lever, then double-checked the readout on the dashboard. She swung open the driver's side door, and I scrambled across Virgil's lap and went to sniff the greasy pavement by the garbage bin to calm down.
"Let me do this," said Robyn.
Virgil rolled his eyes and clambered out. "You're a bossy young lady," he said.
Robyn took his place, adjusted the mirrors and made Virgil and me stand on the other side of the dumpster, so Virgil wouldn't leap under the wheels, I guess. She maneuvered the car into position facing out the alley.
"Do you have insurance?" she asked, as she slid out of the driver's seat, rubbing her forehead.
Virgil looked confused.
"Never mind. I'll just say it was a hit and run."
"Okay, then, that's fine." Virgil climbed distractedly back into the car and peered over the dash toward the end of the alley. He nodded to himself and gripped the wheel with resolve.
"That really wasn't necessary," he said to Robyn.
"I think it was. I'm pretty sure my car would agree. And my insurance company. Promise me you won't get on the highway," said Robyn. She opened the passenger door to let me in.
After that, it got worse.
We drove onto the highway immediately, past the dog food plant and Burger King, hugging the rail, big trucks roaring up behind us. Horns blaring. And through it all, the right blinker going tick-a-tick-a-tick-a.
I watched in horror from the front seat. I would have hunkered down by the floor boards, where it was safer, but somebody had to scan the road and bark when we were about to hit something.
If there had been a safe place to pull over, I would have offered to drive. I had seen several people do it, and it didn't look that hard. Surely, I could do better than Virgil.
Then we were swerving down the off ramp. I upchucked discreetly on the floor mat. When I raised my head again, we had stopped at a multi-family garage sale. Shakily, I exited the car and sniffed some vinyl records, and, just because of their soothing undertones, baby clothes. Ahtalcum powder and poop and spit-up. I could almost hear their squeaky-toy voices. That relaxed me enough that I was able to re-enter the Buick while Virgil shelled out four dollars for a very aggressive tolling clock.
When we arrived at the next garage sale, I was so anxious to get out of the car that I scrambled over Virgil, tail tucked, and didn't realize what I'd gotten myself into until the dog of the house charged me, snarling, "Trespassing! Rip her to shreds!"
Before I knew what was happening, I was on my back, trying to protect my loins with my tail, yelping, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" My eyes rolled up into my head so they wouldn't have to see me disemboweled.
"Thor, no! Come to Mommy! I have treeeats!" A woman pleaded in the background, while "Thor" tried to decide whether she really had treats, and whether it might be better to disembowel me anyway.
I grimaced and whimpered, "Sorry?" one last time.
He glared at me, then went wagging--Wagging!-- Over for a chunk of chicken jerky.
"He's a good boy," said the woman, quaking and quavering as we peeled out. "He just likes to play rough!"
We drove in stunned silence. The highway seemed more doable on the return trip, the screeching and honking far away.
"Are you okay?" Virgil asked, as we turned onto Longfellow Street.
I sighed with a frisson. "I think I saw God," I said.
Back in the shop, Virgil wound the new clock and placed it on the counter, where it threatened my doom every hour on the hour, giving me flashbacks, until the day I finally silenced it by tripping a customer with a Latte Love grande mocha onto it. Virgil was angry, but it was worth it. I shivered to think what kind of customer would have come in looking for that clock. Hopefully, not a repeat of Sword Guy.
The problem was, Virgil didn't always buy the right stuff. The basement was full of creepy stuff that he had bought by accident. His failures. When he got too old and weak to haul things down the creaky stairs, Virgil started leaving his mistakes next to the dumpster in the alley.
The homeless guy who lived behind the dumpster thought Virgil was generous. But he was afraid all the time and he didn't know why.
When people brought stuff for sale, I could see with one sniff what was in those bags and boxes. Virgil, with all his looking and prodding and thinking, could really only guess. Sometimes, something Valuable or Old, but actually quite bland, distracted him from the good Stuff, lying crumpled at the bottom of the box. Other times, he bought stuff that he would regret later, and the homeless guy ended up having more panic attacks.


Virgil's Hair Wears Off
One day, a fog of evil wafted through the store as the cowbell clanked. It was furtive and damp, with hints of the man under the bridge who had tried to eat me. I struggled up from my bed and pogoed over and cut off a man with a vinyl duffel bag before he could reach the sales counter.
"Don't bother us! We're busy!" I said. Okay, maybe I barked. I was alarmed.
Virgil put his hands on his hips and leaned over the counter. "Sophie, you come back here right now! What are you doing?"
I was a little embarrassed. After all, as you know, I rarely vocalize. In spite of trying to stay calm, my Silent Rumble burst through my chest. I clamped down onto it and it turned into a whine.
Virgil stared at me, assessing, and crooked his finger at the man. "What have you got?"
The man set down his duffle on the floor and I leaned in to sniff while Virgil held me by the nape of my neck. With a sickly, sexy grin, the man slowly slid the zipper open. Out peeked a little girl's face. A naked little girl in a photograph. And behind her there were others.
Virgil's hand went limp on my neck, and his lip trembled and curled. "Get out!" he spat, and sent the man running.
After that, we vetted the new arrivals together, Virgil and I. He would paw through the boxes or bags, and I would sniff them, and I would murmur to him what to buy.
People came to trade their stories for money, which was supposed to solve their problems.
But Virgil Rosenberger had a whole drawer full of money, and more upstairs in the freezer, in old ice cream cartons. And with all this money, too much to carry, he was still sad and lonely.
So I knew that money was not the answer.
He and She hadn't had any money in their freezer, and their hearts had been full. Sometimes, I wondered what had become of He and She. Sometimes I dreamed that they came to get me.
But I wasn't sad and lonely. I was useful. And I was alive.
Virgil may have thought that he knew me. He may have thought that he was my whole life. After all, we spent most of our time together. But if he thought that, he would have been wrong. Because I had an active social life.
Sometimes, when he let me out to do my business at night, he would forget to let me back in. So I would pogo over to Zoom Burger and smile at the high school kid in the drive-thru window, and he would toss snacks out onto the tarmac, because he thought I was cute. "Sophie's got the munchies!" he would say, and the kids in their matching polo shirts would crowd into the window together to coo at me. Then they'd warn me when a car was coming, and I'd duck through the hedge by the bank and pogo home.
Down at the elementary school I had a following as well. Every couple of weeks, I'd show up around recess time and hold court. They'd coax me down the slide and snuggle me and put barrettes in my fur.
But I had to be ready to bolt as soon as the recess lady spotted me, or she'd try to lock me in the cage with the bicycles until Animal Control arrived.
And when Virgil and I walked down the street to the hardware store or the Real coffee shop ("not like that Yuppie stuff at Latte Love"), people would call my name from across the street and run to greet me. Virgil always wondered who those people were, and how did they know my name, and howcome he didn't remember any of them. Some of them talked to Virgil, too, so he wouldn't feel left out.
So, Virgil and I plugged along, feeding people stories, and gradually I took the reins of the business. I'm the one with the ideas. His job is to talk, open doors and operate the credit card machine.
Every day, every year, I could feel that my management made the world a better place. I could feel the waves ripple out from the shop on Longfellow Street, setting off a chain reaction, multiplying as one life touched another and then another.
And then it started to fall apart.
At first I didn't notice, it happened so gradually. Virgil's hair wore off, and then his color. His memory faded, and with it so did his anger. He lost his strength and he set his confidence down somewhere and never picked it up again.
I had to remind him to use the bathroom before bed, and to eat. I coaxed him down the steps to open the shop each morning while he scowled at me like he wasn't sure who I was.
He couldn't see the stories in his novels any more, so he slumped in front of a small television in the shop. The TV blotted out the world so that he could concentrate on the place inside him where old memories played like movies. And he would laugh or cry according to that interior world, and not according to anything that I could see.


My Puppet
Even though I had managed the shop and our home for a while, there were some things I could not do.
I needed an assistant. Someone with thumbs and the gift of language. Someone who could Hear me. Someone to talk to customers and take money and open the shop in the morning. And in a safe spot hidden almost even from myself, I wished for someone with Heart. Someone kind and gentle. Someone like He.
And then one day, a youngish guy with shiny hair and teeth strolled into the shop. He wore cologne to mask the smell of his fear, and damp basketball shorts. Under his arm was a yoga mat. He had obviously just come from the yoga studio across the street.
He wrinkled his nose in disgust and ran his finger over a shelf and gazed at the hunk of dust on his fingertip in wonder. But still, he didn't leave. He was looking for something but he didn't know it.
My heart sank when I realized that he might be the one. Had I had lured this cologne-soaked facade of a man here myself?
His name was Corey, and I could see right through his very careful facade, and underneath, there was not much: stuffing and a lot of empty space.
I know that it wasn't fair to compare him to He, but come on. This guy? This puppet of a man? At first I resisted, but sometimes you have to take what you can get. And besides, I rationalized, there are advantages to having a puppet.
Corey froze in front of a shelf full of toys, and stepped closer to look at a little stuffed bear. He held his breath. The memories lined up behind his eyes. Thoughts of a bear named Poo. A childhood toy, thrown out or given away after he left home.
"But I asked if you wanted anything," his mother had said.
How do I know all this? I know a lot of things you never suspected. Things about you, even. Yes, you.
Corey bent closer. The eyes were the same. The plastic brown and orange eyes. And the nose, sown on with uneven blue stitches. He lifted it out of the pile and turned it over, ran his fingers over the seam where the music box had been removed by his mother all those years ago, for reasons that were unclear, and as he did so, he caught a whiff of childhood.
"Can I help you?" I said.
Virgil Rosenberger slumped dully behind his counter, in front of a tiny black and white TV.
Corey addressed himself to Virgil. "I just realized today is my mom's birthday. Do you have anything that's not crap?"
Virgil looked up, startled.
"China figurines," I mumbled at Virgil's back.
"We have some lovely..." he began, lost his train of thought, then rallied. "Over..."
I jerked my chin toward the alcove near the back.
"Sophie will show you," he finished.
I put on my saleslady persona, led Corey over and nosed open the sliding panel on the back of the case, sniffing for just the right one. Corey reached out. I bumped his hand back a row.
"Knock it off," he whined.
But he picked up the figurine I had chosen. Her name was The Crinoline Lady.
While Corey dithered over whether to make the purchase, I trotted off, snatched the stuffed bear from the shelf and dropped it in a shopping bag.
"So," said Corey, approaching the counter. "Do women of a certain age still go for this kind of stuff?"
"Oh, yes," quavered Virgil.
I met Virgil's eye and nodded, then slumped into my bed behind the counter.
"Okay, then. What's the damage?" Corey asked.
I murmured the price at Virgil's back. Virgil glanced down at me, then turned back to Corey
uncertainly. "A hundred thirty?" he asked.
"You've got to be kidding! For this?"
I knew better, though, you see.
"One thirty-five," I growled.
Corey leaned to peer over the counter. He seemed surprised to see me.
Virgil licked his lips. "One thirty-five, then."
Corey thought about walking out just to teach us a lesson, but he didn't. With a sigh and a roll of the eyes, Corey slapped his Visa card on the counter. While Corey was distracted by a cute girl with a head-tail bouncing past the display window, I jerked my chin toward the shopping bag sitting on the floor in a mess of clutter. Virgil looked confused for a moment, then shoved the Crinoline Lady into a drawer full of tissue paper.
Corey scribbled his name on the credit card slip, snatched the shopping bag from Virgil and bounded after the girl outside.
An hour later, Corey was back.
"This is not what I paid for." He plunked the bear on the counter.
"Tell him to keep it," I mumbled to Virgil.
Corey leaned over the counter to meet my eye.
"What?" I said.
Corey glanced from me to Virgil, startled.
Virgil said, "I'm sorry. This happens more than you'd think." I'm just sohe glanced nervously around the shop. "Anyway, you can keep--"
"I don't want the stupid bear. I want the overpriced piece of crap I paid for."
"Of course. I justIt must be around here somewhere.
I sighed. Virgil seemed more and more confused. Sometimes, I think he even forgot that I could talk.
Virgil sifted through the drawers behind the counter. A pile of old magazines cascaded to the floor. Peering under the counter, he said, "Was it a plush toy?"
"In here." I nudged the tissue drawer with my nose.
Corey rocked onto his toes and peered over the counter at me again. By this point I was sure that he could Hear me.
Virgil held up the Crinoline Lady for confirmation, then rolled her in tissue.
Corey snatched her out of his grasp. "Thank you," he barked, and strode out.
"He needs the bear, too," I said.
Virgil caught up to him on the pavement and thrust the shopping bag with the plush toy into his arms. "Please accept this as a token of our apology and we hope that you will visit again," he said, avoiding Corey's sneer.
Corey didn't know it, but the bear was a test. A test for Heart. He failed, but that didn't matter in the end. And the Crinoline Lady was working for me. She would work for him, too, of course. She was a double agent.
Huh? You say.
Well, hold your horses. I'm going to explain.
Forty-five minutes late to his mother's birthday party, Corey flourishes the Crinoline Lady. Corey figures it's better than no gift at all. He figures if he makes a big deal out of how much it cost, of how he lucked upon it in an Antiques Shop, she will pretend to be more grateful. He doesn't know it will make him a hero. He doesn't know it is the figurine that Completes Grandmother's Collection.
But he rides it out like he knew all along, and tolerates the moist kisses on his cheeks, and smiles until his face aches at all the boring old people. And then it is over.
Because of the Crinoline Lady, Corey starts to think more respectfully of me. So when I need him, it makes him easier to control.
Around that time, Corey finds the limits of his cocky facade.
His corporate career ends with a write-up for absenteeism and sloppy paperwork.
"You have no balls!" Corey shouts as he slams past the HR lady and heads for the elevator, trailed by security.
For the next few weeks, Corey has a lot of time to take yoga classes and try to pick up girls in clingy workout clothes. Several times a day, he passes the shop on his way from his car to the yoga studio and to Latte Love next door.


Where's Your Owner?
Things were getting sketchy for Virgil and me. Virgil wouldn't leave the apartment, and he seemed suspicious when I reminded him that I was a dog. I used Nelson's Glare to control him. We lived on burgers from the Zoom Burger drive-thru.
I needed a personal assistant even more desperately. And Corey, unfortunately, was my only prospect.
One morning when he came out of the yoga studio I waited in the doorway of my shop, and as Corey passed on the way to his car, I twitched my tail. "Hey," I said.
Corey ignored me. I followed him past Latte Love next door. "I know you heard me."
Corey glanced down, glanced around the street.
"No one is watching," I said.
He readjusted his yoga mat under his arm and scanned the storefronts.
"I just need a quick favor. Would you open the door?" I jerked my head back toward the shop.
Corey tried to speak without moving his lips. "Where's your owner?"
"All you have to do is open the door. Key's under the mat."
Corey hesitated. "And then you'll stop talking to me?"
I didn't deign to reply. I just trotted back, put my nose to the door jamb, and waited.
Corey followed, leaned back to scan the street. Squatted and peeled up the door mat. He slid the key into the lock and pushed the door. It opened with a clatter of a cowbell.
"Yeah, that was super-stealthy," I said, pushing past him. "Just leave the key on the counter, will you? And if you could, prop the door open on your way out."
A few customers that day left cash on the counter. I buried it under my dog bed.
Just before close, a gust of wind blew the door shut, trapping me inside.
I sat in the display window, watching for a helpful face. There went Corey, from yoga to the cafe, with a girl. I could tell he liked her from the way he trailed her like a puppy. He ignored me, but I could tell he saw me from the one eye that slid my way. Yeah, he saw me. When he passed by again an hour later, the girl was gone.
"Come on, Pal, let me out," I whined.
Corey sighed and opened the door.
I pogoed out and wobbled, peeing awkwardly through the grate at the base of the tree.
"Do you want me to lock it?" he asked.
"Leave it."
He rolled his eyes.
"What?" I said.
"You could at least thank me."
"For what? For leaving me locked in while you conned some girl into buying you a Bhakti Chai?"
"I'm not your personal doorman."
"You just didn't want her to know you talk to dogs."
"I only talk to you," he said.
I sniffed him over in the glow of the street lamp. He smelled of desperation. I scratched my ear and cocked my head up at Corey. "You need a little cash, come by in the morning. I might have a job for you." Then I trotted around the building and home.
I could see clearly what happened next. I wasn't there, exactly, but I know that it went pretty much like this:
All night, Corey wrestles with his sheets. What is happening to him? Why is he suddenly talking to animals? It's very disturbing. He thought he was doing so well, riding the crests of the waves and not going too deep. Just smile like a motherfucker, no matter what. As long as he kept smiling, he was invincible, adorable, irresistible.
He gets out of bed and takes two Tylenol PM's, and in the bathroom mirror, he sees his real face, the slack one, and it scares him.
Yeah, he needs a job. And he has an offer. From a talking dog.
The facade is slipping.
When he rolls onto his side the next morning, the sun is already angling through the blinds. He can hear children playing and a lawnmower and traffic. His throat is thorny.
He reels out of bed and stumbles into silky synthetic sweatpants, turns on the TV, makes coffee and eggs. Restless and fuzzy. He can't stay still, but there is nothing he feels like doing. He has the TV on, his old company laptop out (Yeah, he kept it. Screw them.), web searching on "Why Are Dogs Talking To Me?" and "Easy Money". Sometimes, he does this, using Google as an oracle.
He leafs through a Harbor Freight catalog between screens, eyes darting from the TV to the catalog to his silent phone to the computer. Smoke billows from the stove. As he scrapes his burnt eggs onto a plate his hands tremble. He has been swept from the shallows, and the current is sucking him deep, deep, into scary waters.
So that's how he ended up being chewed out by a dog at eleven a.m.
"If you're going to work for me, you're going to show up on time. You think you can jerk me around? I was sitting out there for an hour waiting."
"Has this place ever been cleaned?" Corey wrinkled his nose.
"What for?"
The cattle bell clattered and I smelled cinnamon and flowery shampoo. I knew instantly who it was.
Corey scowled at me and mouthed, "Quiet!"
I growled, "It's just that bitch from the coffee shop. She can't Hear me."
Robyn from Latte Love marched up to the counter and said to Corey, "You work here?"
I could tell he wanted to deny it, but he was trapped.
The woman went on, "You need to keep your dog under control."
"She's not my dog," Corey blurted.
"Well, who-ever's dog it is, she needs to be leashed. She poops all over the parking strip and she's aggressive."
"Then don't try to pet me!" I barked.
Corey gave me a look. I turned my back and flopped down on my bed.
"I'll see what I can do," Corey said.
"I sure hope so, because otherwise, someone might call animal control." She flounced, yes flounced, out of the shop. I had an urge to chase her out, maybe nip her heels.
I explained the job to Corey, told him what to put in the bag, what to charge. He had a hard time comprehending the irrelevance of price tags.
Corey's job was not to sell anything. Corey's job, other than opening the door and operating the credit card machine, was to charm customers into coming back, because every time someone came into the shop, it was an opportunity for them to find meaning.
"Charm is my middle name," he said.
"Real charm, not the fakey-fakey kind."
"Charm is always fake," said Corey.
At that point, my new employee was looking worse than ever.
But I managed to get through the day without lunging for his throat, and then every day after that it got a little easier. Humans can be so hard to train.
If I could have found another person who could Hear, Corey would have been out on the street. But no other opportunities came along, and we got used to each other. And then he made his first sale.
I put him on commission. At the end of each day, I would tell him how much money to take from the till, depending not just how much he sold, but his overall value to the company. It varied. Some days, I wanted to take money from him.
Corey spent it all on yoga and chai.
He started to get the hang of the job. Started to even like it a little. His "charming" smile was getting a workout.
There were happy customers, of course there were. They were the ones who had been there before. But Corey handled the unhappy ones better than Virgil had ever been able to. Especially the women.
"Why do you do this?" Corey asked once, after a customer marched in and threatened to burn the place down.
"Why is not the right question," I said.
"That's bullshit," said Corey.


Corey Posts Bail
I was concerned about Virgil Rosenberger, upstairs all alone all day every day, but the sound of the blaring TV reassured me. It filtered through the ceiling, muted at the commercials.
On Thursday, as Corey counted his two-hundred-twenty-seven dollars out of the till, the cowbell clanked. Corey looked up as he was stuffing the wad of bills into his front pocket, and I realized that I hadn't heard the television in several minutes.
Virgil shuffled through in slippers, silver hair sticking up on the back of his head.
"Who are you?" Virgil asked Corey.
Corey froze, guiltily.
"Sophie, who's this?" Virgil asked.
I heaved myself out of my dog bed, wagging stiffly. "That's just Corey," I soothed. "You remember Corey, right?"
I cast Corey a glance to keep him from introducing himself. It would just confuse Virgil. Leaving Corey to lock up, I escorted Virgil back to his television.
The next morning, Corey met me on the sidewalk.
"So what's up with the old guy?" he asked, unlocking the door.
"He's retired," I said.
"Does he own this place?"
"Look, Corey, it doesn't matter."
Corey pressed, "But what if he knows I'm taking money from the till? I mean, you and I know the truth, but"
I pricked my ears and gave him a doleful stare. "You want me to tell him he's fired and you're taking his place? Will that make you feel better?"
"Not really."
I stared him down. "Then what do you want?"
Corey fidgeted. "I don't know," he mumbled.

The next morning, I bounced down the stairs from the apartment, left a nice sized pile of Business on the patch of dirt by the tree on the parking strip, and was prancing toward the store in satisfaction when a woman in a uniform jumped out of a van, shouted a war cry, and swooped down on me with a noose.
As she wrestled me into the van, Robyn peeked from behind the Coffees of the World display in the Latte Love window, and she met my eye, for just a moment.
And then I knew: she had sold me down the river.
Here's what happened next:
Corey spends a couple of hours in the shop, selling random crap to people and charging the prices on the price tags. Then, when he starts to feel uneasy, he goes around the corner and up the stairs to Virgil's place.
Corey bangs on the door with the blaring TV behind it, then, when no one answers, he arms himself with his smarmiest smile and lets himself in. The apartment smells of garbage, and faintly of dog poop (not my fault).
Virgil scrambles out of his chair, terrified, and tries to flee into the bedroom.
Corey shouts over the History Channel. "Wait! I'm looking for Sophie, the dog. Remember? Can I turn this down? Thanks."
"She went to work this morning." Tears rise in the old man's eyes.
"She's not there now."
Both men scan the apartment, as though expecting me to appear.
"But where else would she be?" Virgil mashes his lips together.
"Maybe you'd better sit down. Can I bring you--ah--a Kleenex?"
The bathroom has no toilet paper. Dog hairs and globs of toothpaste and dust texture everything. Torn shower curtain. Black grout. Dirty dishes and pizza cartons stacked in the kitchen.
Corey brings Virgil a stiff dishrag and a glass of water with floaters in it.
"Here, blow your nose. I'm sure she's...playing at the park or something." Corey backs toward the exit, a knuckle to his nose to filter the stale air. Without another glance, he slips out.
Back downstairs in the shop, Corey considers his options. What he really wants to do is scoop the cash out of the till, lock the door and run.
Instead, a few minutes later he is walking the neighborhood, calling "Sophie! Sophie!"
What does he care whether a sausagey three-legged dog comes back again? It's none of his business. He feels ridiculous. Plus, it's boring and he is hoarse from yelling. After half an hour, he decides to reward himself with a chai and a pita at Latte Love.
But as Corey approaches the counter, Robyn says in a rush, "I warned you, you have to control her."
Corey tucks his wallet back into his back pocket. "Where is she?"
That's how Corey ended up at the Pound to post bail. As he drove me home, he lectured me:
"The old guy is living in filth, and he's got nothing to eat," he said. "Isn't there somebody to take care of him?"
"We're doing fine," I said.
"No, you're not, actually. Doesn't he have any family?"
"They're jerks. They don't write thank-you notes," I said quickly.
He raised an eyebrow, but let it go when I didn't elaborate.
"And you've got to suck up to Robyn. This all happened because you growled at her when she tried to pet you."
"Would you want random strangers petting you? No, don't answer that."
"You're going to have to pretend to be a normal dog if you want to get along in the real world."
"What do you know about getting along in the real world? If it weren't for me, you'd be destitute."
Corey rolled his eyes.
He showed up at the apartment the next morning with coffee and lemon scones, and a leash.
I saw it right away. "No way!" I barked.
Virgil accepted the Latte Love bag with trembling hands. "Sophie doesn't like leashes," he quavered.
"I can talk to him myself," I said.
Virgil glanced down and shrugged, then shuffled back to his chair.
"I don't do collars, I don't do leashes," I said.
Corey said, "Can't we just pretend? You know, make it look like you're leashed? I can't afford to keep bailing you out. Just hold this a sec."
I sighed and took the leash in my mouth. My voice was muffled when I said, "This is idiotic."
"Humor me," he replied, as he swung open the door.
So we went down the stairs and paraded ostentatiously back and forth in front of Latte Love. I spat out the leash as soon as we got inside my store.
"You owe me."
"I'm just trying to save your ass."


Dumpster Guy
Over the next few days, we did some really good business. I could feel the future closing in, and I scrambled to wrap things up the best I could. Even Corey seemed to be trying harder. His smile had less of a hard edge. When he realized how well the new smile worked, he started cultivating Genuineness and Authenticity, so that he could manipulate people better.
The guy who lived behind the dumpster wandered in one rainy day. He lurked in the book section, looking around guiltily.
"He's stinking up the whole shop," Corey whispered. "Not that it smelled so great to start."
"Leave him," I said. I thought back to the homeless days with Nelson. Rainy days were the worst. Once you got wet, there was no way to stay warm.
I wondered whether Nelson had fought his way out and escaped back to his Calling, and where he had gone next. Did he have a new Good Luck Charm now?
When Dumpster Guy finally slipped out, with barely a tinkle of the cowbell, I lurched upright.
I sniffed among the books and pulled down the one that smelled of scalp and crotch.
Corey strolled over to look. "Fearless Loving?" he read. "I think he's got bigger problems than that."
It took a few tries to get the book in my teeth. Carrying it over to the sales counter, I stuffed it into a dusty plastic bag.
I dragged an olive drab tarp off the shelf by the surplus rack. It landed with a thud at my feet. A cloud of mouse droppings puffed into the air.
Corey held his breath when he picked it up. "So what's this? A care package?"
Corey trailed me back to the sales counter.
"I have a job for you," I said.
Corey looked wary.
"I want you to bring this stuff to Dumpster Guy."
He rolled his eyes. "Fine. It's crap anyways."
"And then I want you to take him to Latte Love and buy him anything he wants, and sit there and eat with him. My treat."
"Fuck, no! Robyn will have a shit fit! Have you smelled the guy?"
For me, that's what made it a win-win.
"What if she throws us out?" he said.
"She can't if you pretend to be Authentic and Genuine. Because then she would look bitchy, right?"
"She's gonna hate me."
"No, she'll think you have a soul. And fetch me one of her macadamia cookies."
"What if I refuse?" He had his hands on his hips.
"I could fire you. Hire Dumpster Guy to take your place."
Doubt flickered in his eyes.
"Your job's not that hard, Corey."
So, a few minute later, Corey is sitting behind the Coffees of the World display with raindrops nestled in his perfect hair, gritting his teeth through a haze of BO at Dumpster Guy.
"Anything I want?" says Dumpster Guy, for the third time.
"Yup." He can feel Robyn's eyes on him. He studiously avoids her gaze, coughs politely into his shirt sleeve when the urge to gag sneaks up on him.
"I want everything!" smiles Dumpster Guy.
Corey leaps to his feet. "You can't--" he cuts himself off. Digs deep for Genuineness.
"Just kidding," says Dumpster Guy.
Corey is relieved that the guy isn't pushing it, because if they ordered Everything, he could be trapped there all day.
"Pastrami." the guy announces. "And...the soup and a Coke and a cinnamon roll...chips?" he adds, pushing his luck.
"Excellent," says Genuine Corey. He straightens, turns on the charm.
He is invincible. He is Smile Man.
His smile blasts Robyn's tense, tight-lipped look to smithereens.
"My buddy and I are having a feast!" Corey announces. He withdraws a twenty from his wallet and slips it ostentatiously into the tip jar.
"Wonderful!" Robyn gushes, waves to Dumpster Guy. "It's good to see you again, Silas! I hope you've enjoyed the meals I've left you!" Behind her maniacal grin her eyes are flashing.
Whoa! Suddenly Robyn and Corey are in a Genuineness and Generosity contest.
A woman with a baby in a carrier bursts in from the rain, pauses, dripping, on the doormat behind "Silas", and wheels right back outside.
Corey fervently wishes he could follow.
But this is war. As another customer sneaks out, Corey places their order. He will never forgive Sophie (or Robyn) for this.
He will take an extra-long shower tonight.


The Kid
"My friend told me" said the kid whose nose barely cleared the counter, who stood on tiptoe and levered himself up by his forearms. "told me I can get stuff here."
Corey hated kids. They were immune to his charm, for reasons that were obvious to me but obscure to him. They annoyed him by telling the truth and asking uncomfortable questions and always needing, needing something that he couldn't give.
Corey was wary. "What kind of stuff? We've got some toys, but they're mostly lame."
"Take a break, Corey," I said, stood up and stretched. When I trotted out from behind the counter, the kid reared back a bit, surprised. I wagged my tail and said, "Don't be afraid. I'm cute, see? I've sniffed you at school."
I bounced around on my one rear leg, trying to keep my balance. I wobbled when my tail got going, which wasn't often, these days.
The boy kept his hands to himself. Looked doubtfully at Corey. "Can I pet your dog?"
"You bet. She loves that. And her name is Poo-bear."
"That's a stupid name," said the boy. "The kids at school call her Sophie."
"Really?" he said. "Sophie?"
I winked at Corey to put him in his place.
The boy rested his hand on my back, then pulled it away. "Why do you keep your leg bent like that?" the boy asked me.
"Because I broke it a long time ago," I said.
"Does it hurt?" he asked, kneeling to inspect it.
"Sometimes," I said. "It hurts most when I feel lonely."
Draping his arms around my neck, he whispered, "My dad is going in the hospital."
I didn't say anything, because what was there to say, and besides, he couldn't Hear me, really. Instead, I let him stroke my forehead and count my toenails and look at my underside to see if I was a Boy or a Girl.
We sprawled on the linoleum. I led him on a behind-the-scenes tour of the shop: under the racks, behind the counter and into the back room. I stuck my head into the broken doily case and showed him the macadamia chocolate chip cookie that I had buried there after receiving it from Corey the day before. The boy and I ate the cookie in awed delight while Corey stepped out for his third chai of the day.
And that night, when I drifted off to sleep with my head nestled into Virgil's bony hip, I felt clean for the first time in a long time.
I had been so wrapped up in adult concerns like getting out of the pound and putting food on the table that I had forgotten what is really important: the little things.


Rent
Since I had taken over purchasing, there was very little merchandise that needed to be hidden in the basement or left in the alley to excite Dumpster Guy's fears.
But I could feel the evil in the basement like a living thing. It breathed sickly air. It throbbed with rage. It howled to be heard.
When I had suggested to Virgil that we remove the Stuff from the basement, he clammed up and his eyes bulged, and that's how I knew: something else was hidden down there, and it was Secret.
Although I had some respect for Virgil, he was still human and therefore complicated. His secret could be anything: Theft? Murder? I never asked him outright because we didn't have that sort of relationship.
Over the years, the sales floor reached max capacity and the excess spilled into the storage room in the back of the shop. Stories in cartons and bags were stacked on shelves and heaped in corners and jumbled in the middle of the floor. By the basement stairs they were piled so high that you couldn't even see the door. And whatever evil lurked down there it would have to get past all those stories to hurt us.
The cowbell clattered while Corey was sweet-talking an angry customer, and a gust of wind from outside brought the scent of Robyn: flowery shampoo, cinnamon rolls and rage. Uh-oh.
Stepping off my bed, I peeked around the edge of the counter. In Robyn's hand was a sheaf of papers.
She saw me and her step faltered.
"What do you want?" I said.
Corey glanced my way, took in the situation. "Sophie!" he called, and gave me a meaningful look.
I groaned (Not growled. There is a difference. A slight difference.) and flopped back onto my bed, pretending to ignore them both, but really I was observing carefully.
Corey did a kind of dance toward Robyn, then back to the dissatisfied customer. Then he gave Robyn his most Genuine grin. Her smile was equally unconvincing.
And in that moment I had an insight. I realized that he wanted everyone to like him, even if they were jerks. No, especially if they were jerks. It was what he ran on. It was his fuel.
But he especially wanted Robyn to like him, not just because she was a jerk, but because she was a flowery and cinnamon jerk.
"Robyn! What can I do for you?" He clapped his hand on the angry customer's back and spun him out the door while simultaneously making it look like a welcoming gesture to Robyn. Wow, he was good.
"Did the new landlord raise your rent, too?" she said.
Corey's eyebrows shot up. The pause was a little too long. I started panting. Couldn't help it. It's something I do when I'm worried. I tried to remember whether Virgil had mentioned a Land Lord. God help us if we were behind on the rent. Since I couldn't read or write checks, I'd always left the bills to Virgil. Now that I thought about it, there was a big pile of mail on Virgil's kitchen table and another heap from the slot in the shop door that I'd shoved behind the naked mannequin next to the book section.
Corey said, "We haven't gotten anything yet."
When he returned from escorting her back to her caf, he squatted, steaming chai in hand, and helped me paw through the heap of old mail behind the mannequin. Most of it was junk, according to Corey, and he heaved it into the dumpster out back.
He set aside a handful of letters.
We went up to Virgil's apartment and sniffed over the mail stacked there.
Corey also paged through Virgil's address book and found the number for Virgil's granddaughter, Truffle. According to Corey, it was disturbing that Virgil's phone was disconnected. I set him straight. I explained how there had been a phone in the shop at one time, too, and that Virgil had liberated us from its tyranny.
Corey started to call Truffle on his cell phone, but Virgil got very angry and turned up the volume on The Shopping Network so that Corey couldn't concentrate.
Corey whipped the remote control out of Virgil's hand, powered it off and flung it into the bedroom. I almost ran to fetch it.
I didn't want Corey to call Truffle either. What if she took me back to the Pound?
Corey growled that Virgil needed to get his bills in order or the cable TV might be disconnected. That got our attention.
So we spent the rest of the afternoon making calls on Corey's cell phone and signing checks. Corey drove us to the bank to deposit several ice cream cartons of money.
Corey went down to Latte Love to get us some dinner, and Virgil and I discussed the disturbing turn of events. While we had been minding our business the world had turned against us. The rent increase was astronomical. The new landlord must be trying to force us out. Maybe they had a more lucrative tenant in the wings. A chain store, maybe. Office Depot or something.
We couldn't leave, of course, because of Virgil's secret in the basement.
Corey paid his cousin to come and clean Virgil's apartment. Her cleaning fee cleaned out the cash register.
I accused him of wasting money. He called me a farty old dog.
When she was done, the apartment reeked of bleach, the cupboards overflowed, and the carpet was damp. Virgil had a temper tantrum because the cousin ran the carpet cleaner during a documentary about mermaids. Corey had taken Virgil to Zoom Burger to get him out of the way.
I sniffed the whole place over and kept sneezing. The cousin gave me a dirty look, like I could help it.
Next thing I knew, I was in the tub and she was massaging my crotch with Head & Shoulders and dumping pitchers of urine temperature water on my head. The humiliation was indescribable.
As she was rubbing me down with a bath towel, Virgil and Corey returned. I took the opportunity to slip outside, tumble down the steps and do a Fosbury Flop into the gutter, rubbing gravel and leaves and cigarette butts into my neck fur to cover up the mortifying shampoo smell. A dog could get mauled for smelling like that.
Once I got my scent normalized and ate an apple strudel off the kitchen table I felt better, and life went on pretty much as before, until the day Robyn marched into the shop again.


Mice
Robyn marched into the shop, mouse corpse dangling from a wooden trap, and waved it in our faces.
Rage came off her in ripples. Corey and I were both trapped behind the counter. I made a mental note: build a sales counter escape hatch.
"We caught seven mice last night, and I know for a fact they're coming in through YOUR basement."
"You don't know that," said Corey.
Robyn ignored him. "This could get me put out of business, you asshole. Either poison them or get your lazy dog to catch them or whatever, but if they're not gone in a week, I'm calling the new landlord. With what I'm paying now, there's no way I should have to deal with this."
"I'm not lazy," I said, after she was gone.
"You are, kind of," Corey replied.

That afternoon, Corey started shifting boxes in the back room, to try to get down to the basement.
I lay on the floor where he kept tripping on me, and told him a lot of irrelevant stories. When he started making progress in spite of my efforts, I sent him home and went to talk to Virgil. We needed a strategy.
Otherwise, Corey would go into the basement, and he would let out all the creepy stories and he would find Virgil's Secret.
Honestly, at first, I hadn't even feared The Basement. When my retail career was just taking off, I had been more curious than afraid. But every time I tried to sniff through the gap under the door, Virgil barked at me.
And gradually, I started to fear the basement, too, because I was sure that Virgil had his reasons. Just like Virgil trusted me to certain matters, I trusted his judgment on things: deciding what's scary, handling the Mail and writing checks. It turns out, that was a mistake.
So, even though I knew that his judgment was fading, I still trusted him about the basement. Or maybe I didn't trust him. I trusted his fear, and I worried what would happen to us if the secret of the basement was uncovered.
That night, I plunked myself in Virgil's line of vision from the easy chair to the TV, and I gave him Nelson's glare until he pressed the mute button and said, "What?".
"You have to tell me what's in the basement," I said.
"Why?"
"So that I can protect us."
And then I explained about Robyn and the mice, the Land Lord, and about Corey, who was suddenly on a cleaning spree.
"But they can't do that!"
"They will. They are."
"There are things in the basement, Sophie...You can't just...just...You have to dispose of these things properly."
"Because they're dangerous?"
"It's not that simple. It's...Nothing is that simple. Life is complicated and horrible things happen, but you can't just throw things away because they--"
Suddenly, he had more energy than I'd seen in months. While I watched, he hunted around for his worn deerskin gloves and the white sneakers with the Velcro closures. He searched through drawers for keys, muttering to himself. Then he presented himself for basement duty, fully outfitted, by the hall table. I had to remind him that door opening was his responsibility.
Virgil and I went down to the shop, and we started shuffling boxes. Many of them were too heavy to carry, so we ripped them open and their stories fell out, and then we pushed the stories to the side, but that made piles and more piles that we had to wade through.
Then Virgil yelped and a pile of Stuff teetered. As I jumped out of the way, Virgil just crossed his arms over his head and cowered, and a pile cascaded down on top of him, knocking him over. He lay half-buried, crying and saying, "Sophie, old age is hell."
Well, I wasn't exactly young, either. I was ten, which is seventy in people years. But I didn't just give up any time I got buried.
I dug him out, mostly. Then I lay down by his head and he fondled my ears.
"Sophie," Virgil croaked. "You're a good girl."
A frisson of nostalgia zinged through me. He had never used those words before. Words that He and She had used. I hadn't known we had that sort of relationship.
"The mice did this once before," he said. "Otherwise I would never have checked under the stairs. Why would I? We thought she wandered away."
His eyes closed and the tears slipped from under his lids.
"When I found Helen, the mice had already started to..." he shuddered.
Who was Helen? I sniffed his scalp for clues.
"Sometimes I think you really understand me, Sophie," he said. "Sometimes I think you're the only one."
Then Virgil told himself a story, and I listened, and I filled in the gaps in my mind's eye.
I learned what was really in the basement, and how it had all begun, all those years ago.


Judith Flies
It starts with Virgil's daughter Judith on the night of her prom. The night that is supposed to be magical, but isn't.
She wears the taffeta dress as she lies on her bed, tears streaming down her face, listens to sad songs on the clock radio, and wonders why she is such a loser. Mark Powers hasn't even called. Six o'clock, her classmates are having romantic dinners. Seven o'clock, eight o'clock, dancing. Midnight, running free in the quiet streets. Parked in the dark, fumbling in the back seat. Sunrise comes, and they are all probably sitting on a grassy hillside together, holding hands and singing Kumbaya.
Judith has never been one of those belonging people. But the taffeta dress was supposed to change that. The dress brings out the green of her eyes and shows off her starved-for new figure. Because of the dress, she hoped (until now) that they would see her, really see her, and prom would be the beginning of her real life, her belonging life. Or maybe she fooled herself that for once in her life something magical would happen.
Her real life, she tells herself, the one that everyone deserves, will never happen. And she stays up until dawn weeping.
As the sun inflates outside her bedroom window, in the dirty space between the Steele's garage and the vacant house next door, she can't bear it. Can't bear to think of those empty, unmagical years ahead of her. Of continuing to trudge through life as she has done every day since she can remember. Of clambering over hurdles that others have set, only to find more hurdles and more, with no reward, no finish line in sight.
And what is the point of that?
Before her parents stir in their tiny bedroom across the hall, she creeps from her room, steps into the morning air that nips at her bare shoulders, and down the iron staircase to Longfellow Street.
What does it matter that she is cold? That will end soon enough. She wanders down the cracked sidewalk, brainstorming, and when she sees the overpass, she knows. That is where she will cross over. Or maybe it will just end: all the pain, and trudging, trudging. Or maybe as they say, she will go to hell. But she is already in hell, isn't she? She is very familiar with hell. She will take her chances.
So she kicks off the dyed-to-match satin kitten heels. The ones her mother thought so excessive, on top of the price of the magical dress that Judith begged for. And she claws her way up the chain link fence, the wires biting into her fingers and toes.
She straddles the top, timing the traffic far below on the highway, and when a tractor trailer full of metal pipes puffs out a cloud of black exhaust and surges toward her, she leaps.
At first, she thinks that she has screwed it up like everything else in her life, because the taffeta hem of her skirt catches on the scalloped wire top of the fence. She hangs for a moment, flailing, then the dress tears, tears, and she drops, and she flies, for just a moment, before the truck slams her into the next world.
Somehow the next day, Virgil's wife Helen retrieves the sash of Judith's dress, mottled with burgundy splotches of blood. She steals it when they view the body. But steal, perhaps, is not the right word, because who else would it belong to? Not Judith. Not now that she has become this mangled lump of meat, with the draping sheet meant to protect Virgil and Helen's eyes.
But how could it be more awful? Impossible.
Knowing that your child is dead, that she has probably killed herself and that you didn't even know anything was wrong? No mangled view of blood and meat can make that worse, because that pain is all about your own shortcomings, your own blindness.
And then, the revelations from the locked diary that Virgil breaks open with a kitchen knife. The diary that Virgil secretly devours, trying to figure out what went wrong. Remember, her junior year, when she got so fat, and he made all the poorly concealed remarks about her weight? How her mother cut out the Woman's Day article about the Grapefruit Diet? It wasn't about Judith's weakness for lemon creme sandwich cookies. It was about a baby. A baby born and given away while they sat in bed, Helen doing word searches, Virgil reading novels, refusing steadfastly to talk about the troubles of their hearts.
They thought they were practical. No-nonsense. They thought their daughter was visiting her pen-pal in Indiana for the summer, when in fact she went into labor at a home for unwed mothers, and gave birth to a baby that she came to believe was a punishment.
And the child, their grand-daughter, was given away.
The father? A boy who was willing to relieve Judith of the burden of her virginity for twenty dollars and the understanding that he was not her boyfriend. Because Judith was weird, he said.
How do you explain that to yourself?
Virgil can't bear to throw out the diary, to just toss it in the garbage. It is his first real glimpse of his daughter's soul. In a way, he feels like the diary is the real her, and the daughter he thought he knew was a counterfeit.
But Helen mustn't see it. It will kill her. Helen loved the fake: her good grades, her polite reserve, her high potential. Helen would be appalled at the flawed Judy. It would kill her. It would wreak havoc on her reality.
In his deepest heart, Virgil long suspected that something was off, that there was more to his daughter, but he ignored that niggling feeling. She got good grades, didn't she? So why make it complicated? Why fret about a little niggle? Why go looking for trouble?
Helen keeps the sash (Why that? Why not something without blood stains, at least?). He never understands.
She keeps it in the drawer by the bed, and sometimes she runs it through her fingers, so silky and smooth, except for the burgundy patches, which are stiff.
Does she suspect that there is more to Judy's story? If so, she never says.
But when she starts to lose her memory, she brings the sash out more often, and she cries, and is inconsolable. And once, Virgil has to call the doctor, because she has been crying for hours and he doesn't know what else to do.
So one day, while she dithers in the other room over a word search puzzle, a very easy one that she only thinks she is completing, he quietly slides open the bedside drawer and folds the sash into his fist, and slips out the apartment, down the steps to the shop they have owned together for thirty years.
He cuts straight through the shop, looking neither right nor left, then down the creaking steps to the dirt-floored basement, and tucks the sash into a gap between brick and beam, under the stairs, where he has hidden the diary.
Why not throw it out? Because he can't bear it. The sash says something important. It just hurts too much to hear the story.


Virgil Goes to the Hospital
In the morning, Corey arrived and called an ambulance that took Virgil away, howling. I tried not to compare this to the accident with Him and Her, but I was worried. I panted and paced upstairs by the television, and chewed on the remote until it finally talked to me.
I was curled up in Virgil's easy chair with the voice of the TV washing over me, trying to stay calm, when Corey finally returned.
He said that Virgil was fine, but that he'd have to stay in the hospital for Observation, because he had low Potassium and something with his heart, maybe, and a cast for his ankle. Corey said the cast was Blue, like that would cheer me up. For dogs, about half the world is blue, so Blue doesn't actually seem that special.
Then, Corey said that he'd called Truffle because she was Virgil's closest relative and she should know what's going on. What he didn't say is that he wanted Truffle to take this whole mess off his hands, to take me home with her and take over the shop so he didn't have to Stress over an old man and a sausagey old dog.
I used all my talents, then, to convince Corey that he was wrong. "We don't need Truffle's help," I said. I used the Sad Eyes and the Mesmer-eyes (two different expressions with different purposes). I wagged. I buried my face between his knees and told him I wouldn't be any trouble. He wasn't convinced.
But he needed to be convinced, because Truffle could not be trusted. She might take me back to the Pound. That would ruin everything. Ten-year-old dogs never leave the Pound.
So I brought out the big guns: "Truffle doesn't know that you take money from the till," I said.
"I don't--" He drew a deep breath and started over. "I am a legitimate employee of this..." he gestured to include the whole building, "shit show."
"Now don't get agitated, Corey."
"I'm not agitated! Where do you pick up these words, anyway?"
"All I said was, Truffle doesn't know that you work for me. She can't Hear me, and I can't explain things to her the way I could with Virgil. And if she visits Virgil in the hospital and asks him about you, Virgil might not remember that we hired you."
Corey narrowed his eyes at me. He sensed that he was being manipulated.
"I wouldn't want you to get in trouble," I said, and I yawned to let him know I didn't care that much.
"So where are you planning to live?" he asked.
"With you, of course."
He groaned and scrunched his fists into his hair. "This is such a bad idea," he said.
"I challenge you to suggest something better."
"But my apartment complex doesn't allow pets," he said.
"I am not a pet," I said. "And besides, it's only temporary."
"We took a day off to move, but when we got up to the apartment above the shop to collect my belongings, Corey realized there was nothing to take.
He gathered all the empty pizza cartons and the sticky-sweet garbage that overflowed from under the sink, and kicked it out the door and down the stairs. Corey swore when the kitchen bag burst open, spilling frozen custard cups and Little Debbie cellophane wrappers that whirled away in the breeze.
"Don't you have, like a water bowl or something?" Corey asked.
"It's better out of the toilet anyway. More flavor."
"You're disgusting. Seriously?"
I stood by as he locked up, then followed him down the stairs. I could navigate them on my own, of course, but it was nice to have a large person in front of me to cushion my fall, just in case.
He dragged the garbage around the building and threw it into the dumpster.
"If you want to live with me," he said, "you're going to drink from a bowl."
On the way home to Corey's place, we stopped at the pet store. I slouched through the aisles behind Corey and his cart. A golden retriever with shiny-sun-kissed fur tried to strike up a conversation. "Hey, Dude," he grinned.
I sat on my tail so that he'd stop trying to sniff my behind.
When we got home, I gave the place a once over and decided I could live with it. I felt bone-weary. Was it old age or just stress? I wasn't sure, but all I wanted to do was curl up on the reclining microfiber sofa and watch TV. But, oh, no, there were all these rules: no dogs on the sofa, Corey chooses the program. Dogs must drink from bowls.
I paced Corey's kitchen and kicked over the heaping bowl of kibble he had left at the base of the dishwasher.
"What the hell?" he said.
"This is crap!" I said. "I'm a successful entrepreneur and philanthropist, and you're treating me like...a..."
"Dog?" he finished for me. "Yes, you're a dog."
"Kibble is an insult to my intelligence."
"It says on the bag that it contains all the nutrients a dog needs, plus glucosamine for joint health."
"I eat Zoom Burger. That's what I eat, so live with it."
"No wonder you're built like a truck."
The next day, Virgil was still in the hospital. They had found more Problems. Corey said that was the problem with hospitals. They always found more problems, and if you went in at Virgil's age, it was hard to get out alive. This sounded a lot like the Pound to me, and I was scared for Virgil, and it made me wonder about Him and Her all those years ago. Maybe someone took them to the hospital, and they never left.
We went to work because we didn't have anything better to do, and because Corey wanted to get the Mouse Situation under control so that Robyn would like him and so we didn't have trouble with the Land Lord.
As we drove over, and I cowered on the floor in the back seat (there was a time when cars hadn't bothered me, but not any more), Corey tried to cheer me up by talking in a high voice (which was irritating), and by stopping off at the Zoom Burger drive-thru.
"Look, Sophie, it's your friends!" he coaxed.
I popped my head up long enough to nod, then dove back down. Corey said they stuck in an extra order of fries for free.


The Evil in the Basement
At the shop, Corey tried to pet me. I told him to lay off. Then he asked me what was wrong, and it all came spilling out, about the basement having an evil secret, and about how we didn't know what we'd find down there.
"No kidding," said Corey.
He explained that most basements were scary and possibly evil, and that this one was probably worse than most, but that we had to do what we had to do. And then he pulled on a dust mask and gave me one, too, to help protect me from evil.
He said I looked hilarious. I said he looked like a monkey.
He put a sign on the door that we were Closed for Inventory.
Corey grunted and sweated, clearing a corridor. His shirt turned grey with dust His hairdo smooshed flat. He shoved and heaved and carted boxes and bags and armloads of random Stuff to and fro. The crotch seam split on his fancy jeans with the embroidered pockets. I fetched a pair of army fatigues off the military rack so that he could change.
Then Corey brought a handful of keys from the cash register and tested each of them in the lock. Finally, the knob turned. He kicked the corner of a bloated plastic bag to get it out of the way.
A stack of boxes swayed but didn't fall. He wedged his thigh in the gap and wormed through.
"Holy--!"
The door creaked shut.
I sat down and waited, thankful that my truck-like figure prevented me from squeezing through behind him.
I heard thumping and cursing. A yelp. More thumping and cursing
A few minutes later, Corey burst back into the storage room. His hair stood out on his head and he was wild-eyed.
I paused in my wrist-licking. It was a new habit I'd developed to calm my nerves when I didn't have access to TV.
"You're right. The basement is evil." He shook himself like a wet dog. "And yeah, it's like, mouse-palooza."
"Is Helen there?"
"Who's Helen?"
"I don't know," I said, not sure how much of Virgil's secret I should share. "So...no bodies? Not that I smell anything. Just double-checking."
"You are a really strange dog," said Corey.
"I need to talk to Virgil," he said. He left me to mind the shop and bounded out, car keys tinkling in his hand.
While he was gone, I had a couple of customers, and since I couldn't operate the credit card machine, I made an executive decision to accept personal checks. I stashed the day's takings under my bed behind the counter. But mostly, I pictured Corey and Virgil in my mind.

"Who are you?" Virgil demands when Corey sidles into his hospital room, hands in his pockets. "Are you the one who's been calling me all the time? I told you to leave me alone."
"I'm sorry," says Corey, wondering who that other person might be. Are they a responsible next-of-kin, and can they take this mess off his hands?
Virgil gestures at the hospital phone, wrapped in its own cord on the artificial wood grain counter in the corner. "The nurse unplugged it for me. Male nurse."
Corey conveys my best wishes to Virgil (dogs aren't allowed in the hospital). He tries to comfort Virgil with the news that he will take care of the mice in the basement, although it will be a big job, and by the way, is it okay if we throw out all that junk?
"You've been to the basement, then?"
"Uh-huh," Corey says warily.
"And you would just throw it all out?" Virgil glared.
"Um," Corey says.
"All of the memories? You have that much disrespect for someone's sorrows?"
"Excuse me, but I'm not sure I--"
"Or worse yet," Virgil charges on, "you would let those things circulate again, let them pollute the world with their creepiness and whatnot? Is that what you want?"
"So you want to keep them, then? I mean, I'm not sure if you realize, but it's all moldy and covered with mouse droppings, and--"
"Want?" Virgil shouts. "No, I never wanted any of it! Who would want any of it? Who are you again?" Virgil squeaks. "Are you the Devil? What are you trying to trick me into?" Virgil scrambles for the nurses' call button and jab at it. "Make him go away! Make him go away!" he yells into the intercom.
Corey slips out and passes the nursing assistant in the corridor as she speed-walks toward Virgil's room.
Corey isn't sure what is going on with Virgil, but he figures it's the low potassium talking, or the Vicodin, or whatever.


Virgil Runs Away
The next day, Virgil surprised us by checking himself out of the hospital and coming home by cab.
Corey and I were just preparing for a basement cleaning foray when Virgil showed up, clacking his new walker on the glass window in the entry alcove.
Corey unlocked the door and pushed it open. Virgil shuffled in with the driver behind him, demanding his fare.
While Corey rung open the cash drawer and counted out seventeen-fifty, Virgil kept shuffling and clunking toward the back room, nudging me aside. His lower leg was cartoonishly large and solid.
"I thought they were doing more tests today," said Corey.
"Don't bother me, son, I'm busy," said Virgil. He gestured at the door knob and Corey pulled the basement door open for him.
"Are you sure you want to do this?" Corey said. "It's kind of steep. If you want something, I can bring it up for you," he added, as Virgil kicked his walker aside, grasped the door jamb with two gnarled hands and peered into the darkness.
"Turn on the light," I murmured to Corey.
"He's gonna get hurt," Corey said, as he reached past Virgil to flick the switch.
"You've got something to say, say it to my face," said Virgil, lowering himself one step with a wheezing exhale. He steadied himself on the bannister and took another step, and another, as Corey and I looked on nervously.
At the bottom, Virgil sank onto a rotting cardboard box to catch his breath. He passed a trembling hand over his eyes and after a minute he straightened and looked around him.
"Go away," he barked.
In that moment I saw the glisten of tears on his cheeks.
Corey and I retreated to the sales floor and loitered by the hat rack, just around the corner. Corey kept trying to catch my eye, but I pretended not to notice. I didn't know what to do, either.
For a long time it was silent, except for the occasional sniffle. Then we heard him shuffling around, shifting things.
I peered around the corner. He had disappeared from view. Corey crept up behind me. When Virgil's bent figure came back into sight, leaning heavily on a sagging sofa heaped with boxes and bags, Corey and I flinched back away.
What was he doing?
I gave up and flopped onto my bed behind the sales counter, ears alert for new developments.
Corey pretended to count the cash in the till. Neither of us suggested we open for business.
Something was happening. Something that kept us frozen with apprehension.
Corey went for a restorative chai and hurried back with it in a to-go cup. He crumbled some macadamia cookie onto the floor for me.
Across the street, a cluster of young stay-at-home moms in yoga pants spilled out of the yoga studio. Corey barely ogled them.
I licked my wrists.
It was too quiet.
I finally met Corey's eye. At the same moment, Corey and I sprang for the back room. Corey got there first. He thundered down the stairs. I saw him on his knees, bent over Virgil, who was sprawled on the dirt floor, something clutched to his chest.
Corey sprinted back toward me, taking the stairs two at a time, yanking his phone from his pants pocket mid-stride.
He dialed 9-1-1 and spoke urgently while I pogoed down the creaking stairs, panting. I nudged Virgil's face with my nose, then curled up next to him. Stones dug into my elbows.
Corey unlocked the front door and paced the sidewalk until help arrived.
The paramedics were kind. They remembered Virgil's name from before. They talked softly and pushed me aside so they could work. The last time I saw Virgil, he was on a stretcher, at a steep angle, floating up the stairs between two paramedics.
I stayed behind in the cool darkness to think.
At my feet was the thing that a paramedic had gently tugged from Virgil's fingers. I sniffed it over. It was a taffeta sash.


Ghosts
Back in the shop the next day, Corey disappeared down the stairs. Closing time came. I had Business to do, and there was no sign of Corey. I stuck my nose to the crack under the basement door and inhaled deeply. He was down there, somewhere. I scratched once, and the door drifted open.
Flinging it aside with my nose, I clicked down the stairs to the dirt floor. Mice scattered before me as I picked my way past rotting crates and disintegrating cardboard boxes. I shivered, but not from cold.
I found Corey sprawled on a disemboweled sofa. Tufts of horsehair were scattered everywhere. His hand dangled down. I nuzzled it, then clambered up and stuck my nose in his face.
"Wake up," I said. "I have to pee."
We could talk about his strange behavior later. I couldn't hold it like when I was young. Please let me not be incontinent, I thought. I may have whimpered, just a little.
He stirred slightly and groaned. "Why?" he said. "Why?"
"Because nature calls and all that." I tugged on his shirt sleeve.
"It's just so pointless," he said.
"Can we talk about this outside, Corey?"
I led him up the stairs. He stumbled after. I pogoed across the shop and waited for him to let me out.
Aaah. As I did my business, he perched on the narrow sill of the display window and rested his head in his hands.
The square of dirt beside the grate under the tree smelled particularly exquisite at that moment, so I rolled over on my back and wriggled around. Paws in the air, I craned my neck to look him over. He hadn't moved.
Under my gaze, Corey squirmed. "There's just so much to do. I don't know where to start. And what's the point, anyway? I don't want to do this. I don't want to work for a dog. I don't want to take care of some grumpy old man I don't even know. The store's going down the tubes anyway. Why am I even here?"
I tried to think of a point. I tried very hard. But the only thing I could think of was: "You can't just give up."
I could have explained about doing the right thing. Making the world a better place. But that wasn't his language.
"How about a bonus?" I said, finally.
He perked up enough to look me skeptically in the eye.
"There's another ice cream carton of money that you don't know about."
"A full one?"
I shrugged and looked away.
Mentally, he calculated how much that would be worth. How many car payments? How many chais and yoga classes? New jeans with fancy pockets?
"I'm not sure it's worth it," he sighed.
"Butthead," I muttered.
"What did you just call me? Where are you going?" he barked as I pogoed toward home. "Virgil's not there any more. You have to come with me."
Ugh. I'd forgotten already. Or I'd blocked it out. So much for the dramatic exit.
I trailed him to his car and allowed him to escort me to his apartment, but I didn't speak to him the whole way, and when we went through the drive-thru at Zoom Burger and he shoved a burger under my nose, I let it roll off the seat and onto the floor mat.
When we got home, Corey let me into the apartment while he went to collect his mail from the array of post office boxes in the traffic circle by the leasing office.
I drank some water from the toilet just to spite him and climbed up on the reclining sofa on his side.
Corey slammed back in, trailing a confetti of torn paper and cursing. The tip of my tail vibrated. I tucked it between my legs and tried not to draw attention to myself.
"Sophie!" He cast around until he spotted me.
He growled. I reluctantly moved to the other side of the couch, then tucked my tail under me.
"Fine," he said. I'll take your bonus and I'll clean out the basement. Final notice, my ass! Where was the first notice? That's what I want to know!"
He stomped around picking up the confetti of paper, then stooped over the kitchen counter, Scotch taping the pieces back together.
The next day, I made Corey walk to Ace Hardware around the corner and buy mouse traps. Sure, at one time maybe I could have caught my own mice, but I wasn't as agile as I once had been. Also, I didn't have a taste for them any more.
Corey came back with a giant 24-trap jumbo-pack and a jar of Cheez Dip. He loaded all 24. I led him on several forays downstairs and directed him in their placement. Mostly on the sofa, which had become a kind of mouse-condo.
"Do dogs believe in ghosts?" Corey asked out of the blue.
"Ghosts?" I thought about it. "Well, people only see what they want to see. And the things they want to see but can't, and the things they feel but don't want to think about, they call ghosts."
Corey shook his head. "So, in other words, yes?"
"No. Ghosts for you are like blue for me."
"I don't know why I bothered to ask."
Snap, snap, snap went the traps.
I collected them into a heap at the top of the stairs. Corey gagged while he emptied them into a garbage bag, tied a knot in the top and flung it into the dumpster. He reloaded and we distributed them again.
The slaughter of the mice was satisfying, in a way. But I had lost all perspective on the basement. I knew by then that it would not implicate us in any crime. I knew that the basement's secrets were mostly personal: A dead wife named Helen, who was fortunately no longer under the stairs. The pain of failed parenting. Confusion and loss and guilt and anger.
Those things couldn't hurt me, and really, they couldn't hurt Virgil, could they? Not any more. But there was something about the basement that I could feel. And I wondered whether strangers who knew nothing of its story could feel it too.
Corey certainly felt something down there, but he was more than just an employee. He was almost family. The self-absorbed-ass, never-wrote-a-thank-you-note kind of family.
There was still a lot to be learned.
I decided to embark on a research project.
I just needed a participant for my study.


The Research Project
There was a regular customer, Alphonso, who bought a lot of Stuff. It seemed like he would buy almost anything, without regard for its smell or story, and when I sent him home with something more appropriate, he never complained.
I started to realize that maybe he never even opened the shopping bags and unrolled his purchases from the tissue paper. Perhaps he never even saw what he'd brought home.
And I started to wonder, why did he need all those unknown stories? Did he use them to fill up his emptiness? Or were they more like a barrier? Like the cartons and bags that Virgil and I had stacked for years to barricade the basement door?
One day, Alphonso came into the shop while Corey was at his afternoon yoga class, and on a whim, I decided to try something new. I smiled. I wagged. I led him to the back room. I scratched at the basement door. He turned the knob. I nudged him in and leaned on the door until it clicked.
Then I waited. It was quiet for a while.
But by the time Corey waltzed in from yoga an hour and a half later, my research participant was screaming and I was pacing the shop from end to end, trying not to panic.
I hadn't counted on his getting trapped and making a scene. How was I to know? Corey released him and murmured soothing words and brought him facial tissue while I watched from under the army surplus rack.
After Alphonso left, still mopping tears from his mucussy face, Corey rounded on me. "You locked him in the scary basement?"
"The basement might not really be so bad," I said. I would have explained about my research project on the subjectivity of experience, but he didn't seem open to the idea. "And besides, it was an accident," I lied.
"Yeah, right."
"You know how one thing leads to another?"
"Why don't you try to explain?"
"Well, let's see. For example. Maybe he followed me into the back room, and he got curious about the basement--"
"All by himself, with no help from you?"
"Yeah. And maybe he opened the door, and when I ran to warn him not to go in, I accidentally bumped into him."
"By accident?"
"Yeah."
"Bullshit."
I lay under the rack for a while, watching customers' feet from between swaying jacket sleeves. It was peaceful. I really should do this more often, I thought. Occasionally, I stuck my nose up the sleeve of my favorite jacket.
I licked my wrists absentmindedly. The fur was coming off and they were bald and inflamed.
But once I recovered from the fear and embarrassment, I realized that Alphonso was upset. And that was a good thing, because all of my most satisfied customers are upset at first. Therefore, perhaps unpleasant stories weren't strictly to be avoided. Perhaps they could be healing.
I decided, in the end, that this phenomenon required more testing. But my next opportunity didn't come along for a while.

"Her name is not 'Truffle', it's Ashley. And she's actually really cool." Corey loomed over me in "Bad Dog" position.
He'd met her that evening, at the hospital. He claimed it was a coincidence. They had drunk hazelnut coffee and discussed Virgil (and me). Behind my back. While I waited in the car.
"And what did you and Ashley decide?" Truffle, I corrected, silently.
Corey turned his back on me to take our Marie Callender pot pies out of the microwave. "We" were suddenly on a health kick again since he'd met "Ashley".
"Shit." He dropped a pot pie on the stove top and shook his fingers. He used the tail of his shirt to remove the other one.
He was stalling.
"What?" I barked. My wrist started to itch, but I did not lick it.
"Virgil isn't doing very well." Corey took a breath. "Ashley might have to put him in a home."
I jumped up on Corey's reclining microfiber sofa, kicked off his yoga bag and knocked over the halogen lamp. Then I picked up the remote. He snatched it out of my mouth, clicked on the TV, then shoved the remote into the drawer with the Quentin Tarantino DVD's.
"If you want to watch TV, ask," he growled. "Don't just trash my stuff."
I let Telemundo wash over me and licked my wrists, and thought about what would become of me. Would I go to live with Truffle? Would they take me to the pound? Would they close the shop?
I awoke to the silence of no TV. It was daytime outside the window. Corey stood over me with the remote.
"This isn't easy for me, either, Sophie. Let's just try tochill, okay? Maybe things will work out."

Truffle/Ashley came to the shop that day. It was enough to make me sick, how she petted Corey's biceps and how he wriggled with pleasure.
He gave her a tour, as though she needed one. They ignored me.
He suggested they go next door for chai and a pita, and she said, "If you fetch something for us, I'll watch the shop."
So Corey gave me a look like, "Whatever you're thinking of doing, don't even think of it."
Truffle/Ashley said, "Sophie and I will be fine without you, really. Won't we Sophie?"
I ducked away before she could pat me on the head.
Corey slipped a twenty out of the till when he thought she wasn't looking, and left.
So there was my perfect opportunity. To test out the basement. Without interference from Corey. It was strictly scientific.
She started sniffing around, pawing through the Stuff behind the counter. She lifted up my dog bed and found the cash (and the one personal check) stashed underneath, gave me a look and let the bed drop back into place. She fiddled with the cash register and wandered around, trailing her fingers over the racks and shelves.
I yawned and flapped my ears to get her attention, then pogoed casually toward the back room.
Under the curtain I disappeared, then waited on the other side. Soon enough she peeked through.
"What are you up to?" she said.
I was licking my crotch. I struggled up and stared at the basement door. She followed my gaze.
"What's that?" she said, and took a step forward.
I pretended to lose interest. She drew closer.
The hinges creaked. She peeked inside. Her hackles rose.
I took two bounding steps and slammed into the backs of her knees. She stumbled and sprawled down the stairs.
Just then, I heard the cowbell clank, and Corey's voice, a little anxious. He must have sensed something, because after he set down the cardboard tray with the chais and the paper-wrapped pitas, he ran straight for the back room.
I thought I was going to be in big trouble. My shove had been overenthusiastic. I hadn't meant to make her fall down the stairs. But Truffle was already scrambling upright.
But the time Corey skidded into the back room and stopped with the divider curtain draped over his shoulders like a cape, there was nothing to see. Except for the cobweb dangling from Truffle's hair and her slight limp.
Her smile was bright. I smiled, too, then sneezed. I stretched my ears back so I would look innocent.
Corey looked from one to the other of us. He knew something was up, but neither of us filled him in. I couldn't figure out why she was protecting me. Maybe she didn't want him to know she'd been snooping.
"Igot lunch," he said, and turned back toward the cash counter.
Behind his back, Truffle pointed at her eye and jabbed a finger in my face. "I'm watching you," she mouthed.
I pretended not to understand.
Truffle/Ashley and Corey set out their lunch on the glass-topped sales counter while I observed from under the army surplus rack.
Ashley acted like she didn't see me there, but she talked as if, well, almost like she was trying to send me a message.
"Do you think Sophie understands you when you talk?" she asked Corey. She put a finger to her upper lip to block his view of masticated chicken salad.
He did a double-take. "Sophie? Naaaw." He totally over-played it. Usually, he was a better liar.
Ashley met my eye over the top of her paper cup. "I think she knows exactly what's going on."
I looked away, disconcerted.
"That's why I rescued her," Ashley continued. "She seemed so aware. Grandpa said once that when he was a boy, he had a dog who could talk. And when I saw Sophie, I thought to myself, well, if any dog could speak, it would be that one."
Corey ate faster so he'd have an excuse not to respond. I caught myself licking my wrist.
"She seems to want me to see the basement."
Corey narrowed his eyes in my direction. I tried to play it cute. I wagged gently: "Who me?"
Ashley whipped around, jabbed a finger at me. "Did you hear that?" she asked Corey.
Corey's expression flip-flopped between denial and excitement. "Are you saying you can hear Sophie talk?" he said at last.
Ashley turned back to him, looked him over. "Of course not. My grandfather is a nut job."


The Squeaky-toy Voice
Sometimes, I fell asleep on my dog bed behind the counter, or under the army surplus rack, and I dreamt of He and She.
I dreamt of sunny days and road trips and chasing a ball. Sometimes I woke myself laughing. Other times Corey shook me awake because I had been whimpering.
"Chasing rabbits?" he'd joke.
I never responded. I just put my head down again and tried to get back to that place before it faded away.
Life with Corey and Ashley was okay, but sometimes I would walk into a room and they would stop talking. Other times, I would make a remark and they would pause for just a moment, as though they thought they heard something in the distance, something irrelevant, like a honk or a cat fight. Then they would continue as though I'd said nothing at all.
He and She had never been like that. "Good Girl," they had said. "Good Girl." Even when I wasn't doing anything at all. And when they said those words, I felt warm inside, a warmth that couldn't be contained. And I would roll onto my back and put my paws to my face to keep the joy from spilling over.
One day, as I sat on the sidewalk waiting for Corey to lock up, a smell and a voice and a feeling came over me. A little girl toddled out of Latte Love holding a woman's hand.
Before I knew what I was doing I tore away from Corey and bobbed over to her and tasted her fat cheeks and nuzzled and sniffed her limbs and stuck my head under her princess skirt. And my tail, my tail was out of control!
The woman scooped the little girl into her arms and ran away from me, screaming. The little girl reached a hand toward me and giggled. "Good Girl!" she said in her squeaky-toy voice.
Corey tackled me and held me by a handful of neck fur.
"It's not what you think!" he panted. "Sophie loves children!"
"To eat?" squeaked the woman, half-hysterical, back against the music store's brick facade, clutching the child to her chest.
I drew in the perfume of that child on sniff after perfect sniff. Corey rolled out his TV Preacher Smile and his coaxing voice. He convinced the woman to offer her hand to me, and I made a study of it. It didn't smell quite right, but the child! The child smelled of sunny days and road trips and glorious head-tails and Heart.
And then it was all over, and Corey dragged me away by my neck fur, and the child watched me with wondering eyes from the arms of the woman.
And I wondered how she could smell so right, yet belong to the wrong person.


The Hour of Stillness
Ashley hung out at the shop a lot. She draped herself on Corey, and Corey's smile was real.
Virgil had been moved to a Hospice. Corey explained that was a Hospital You Never Leave. I wanted to see him one last time, to nuzzle his hand and tell him it was going to be okay. Corey said they didn't allow dogs, and besides, Virgil didn't recognize anybody any more.
Upstairs in the apartment, Ashley sorted Virgil's and my possessions. She never asked whether I wanted the TV. She said even Goodwill wouldn't take most of that stuff. The dumpster overflowed.
The homeless guy dug out Virgil's comforter and a copper-colored Bundt pan, which he repurposed as a hat. It would help him to tune out the voices while still allowing his crown chakra to absorb healing energy. Or so he theorized.
I came awake at the hour of stillness, when the day is still forming and could become anything. When the night creatures have finally given up their vigil and the early risers are still lost in visions of that other life, the one where time runs both forward and backward, where travel is as easy as a thought, and where identity is only a mask because we are all one.
I came awake not with a start, but with a knowing, both sad and rejoiceful: Virgil had crossed to that other side, and would not return. From now on, if I wanted to be with him, I would have to be the one to do the crossing.
I sat with this for a while. And then I wondered about He and She. So often, lately, I had thought of them. It was a pull like centrifugal force. I felt the world was spinning to bring us together again. Like I could almost smell them, just around the corner. But perhaps I was only fooling myself. Perhaps, when I thought of them, I was going to that other place, and that is why I didn't feel alone.
In my mind, I went over the day of the accident, and the days that followed, and I tried to remember whether I had felt this particular knowing. I thought that I hadn't felt it with them, but I had been young and naive and also in pain and scared.
Perhaps this is something you can only feel if your mind is very still.
I climbed down from the microfiber sofa and padded down the hall to check on Corey. I watched him sleeping peacefully, and I knew that he would not appreciate being wakened with the news. It would have a different significance for him. For him, there would be ugly thoughts that he would try to hide. He would feel inconvenienced and concerned about his Career Prospects and he would start thinking about whether he really wanted me living with him forever.
I wanted to hold onto the purity of my knowing, of the feeling that had awakened me, so I went back to the reclining sofa and curled up around the warmth of that feeling to protect it for as long as I could.


Virgil's Funeral
Corey gave me a ride to Virgil's funeral. Ashley was busy Making Arrangements and Welcoming People who Came to Pay Their Respects.
I didn't know who most of those people were. Ashley said they were Family, which is funny because I thought I was Virgil's family. They rode in a limo and sat in the Front Row and cried while I watched from the car with the windows cracked. And I was glad that Virgil was okay now, and no longer confused or lonely or scared.
Katherine was there, the exception to the Never Trust a Woman rule. The narwhal necklace dangled in the vee of her black knit dress. Katherine and Truffle hugged on the curb next to the car while Corey looked on.
"Thank you for what you did," said Truffle. "Nobody else cared enough to help me and you didn't even know me, but..."
Katherine stepped back. Her eyes darted all over Truffle, like she was reading her.
"Your grandfather cared," she said. "He's the one who called me. He paid for the program."
"Grandpa?"
"You didn't know?" Katherine was reading the horizon now. "How could you not know?"
Corey put a protective hand on Ashley's shoulder and guided her into the passenger seat.
Katherine grew smaller as we drew away.
Corey said, "You were in rehab?"
She said, "I thought he didn't want me."

I had learned something from that night spent with Virgil on the back room floor. So I knew more than Ashley, it seemed.
Here's how it goes: Ashley tracks down her birth grandparents when she is sixteen and angry and erratic. She hitch hikes all the way from Indiana on her spring break, confronts Virgil, accuses him of many things that are true, and settles right into her mother's old room, needy and defiant. It is deja-vu. Yes she looks like her mother. But more: Once again, Virgil feels that niggle. There is something more happening. More than teenaged hormones and the ache of abandonment and a desire to assert her independence.
By this time, Virgil's wife Helen is gone, and he has sworn that he will not make the same mistake as with Judith. He wants Ashley to find a little bit of life's promise, even if he cannot seem to find it for himself.
Being naturally unobservant of the female species, he needs help. And so after snooping in Ashley's backpack and days of agonizing deliberation, he picks up the dreaded telephone and he calls the counsellor at Ashley's high school so far away in Indiana.
Is this usual, he asks? Is this how teenagers behave? And is despair inheritable? And what can be done? I have my savings, the college fund we had tucked away for Judith. Can money help her?
And so Katherine, the counsellor, knows that some people care to the best of their ability, and simply lack the tools for hugs and deep conversations and warm fuzzy memory making, and knowing that the girl has grown up in a family that does not understand her, a disappointed family, a family trying to distance themselves from her problems, brokers a deal, long distance.
Ashley never sees it coming.
There is an intervention, a sort-of kidnapping, a lockdown facility with counselling. And when she turns eighteen and is released, she is wary, but lighter somehow.
Virgil sends her a get well card chosen painstakingly from the racks at Safeway, inserts a check and signs it "Your Grandpa."
He doesn't hear from her for a year, and when he does, she shows up with a dog.


Stuart the Apartment Manager
Corey said I had to watch out for Stuart the Apartment Manager. He was a wiry Vietnam vet and his mouth was like a sniper hiding in the thicket of his beard.
Corey always checked outside before hustling me to the car in the morning. And when I did my Business on the patch of lawn by the carport before bed, we had to be quick and stealthy.
One day we saw Stuart inspecting the dots of dead grass, and we ducked down behind the reclining sofa when he scanned the face of the building. It was only a matter of time before he rooted us out.
So we were startled but not surprised one night when Stuart stepped from the shadows behind the garbage enclosure while I squatted silently on the patch of lawn.
Corey muttered to me, "I do the talking."
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Stuart said.
"I'm just watching her for a friend--" Corey began.
"No dogs allowed. Ever. You see the signs there? And There? Get that dog off this property right now or I'll fucking shoot it, and I'll stuff it and put it on my mantel."
"Yes, sir. First thing--"
"Now."
"Ah. Now?" Corey danced toward the apartment, then back to me.
Stuart tailed us inside so Corey could get his car keys and then Corey put me in the car and drove me out to the street and parked me under a street lamp and left me.
"You're a dog," he said. "Think of the car as an RV. Spread out on the back seat. You'll be fine."
But I didn't feel fine. It wasn't like sleeping in a car with Nelson all those years before. I felt lonely, and I worried.


I Know About Your Tiny Truffle Heart
I moved to Ashley's house. And then, a couple of weeks later, Corey moved in, too. He said it was because Stuart was an asshole and because his lease had expired. But I knew it was because Truffle worshiped him, the way he had always craved. And also, it was free.
Ashley's house smelled of Cherry Blossom body spray and Lavender Explosion laundry detergent. The chemical combination seared the space behind my eyes. Every time I walked in, it was like getting water up my nose.
I wondered what smell she was trying so hard to conceal from us. Was it the smell of her fear? Or of her tiny truffle heart? I watched her watching me.
I watched her and I tested her.
"Hey," I would say to Ashley, just to mess with her, "I know about your tiny truffle heart." Or sometimes I'd comment on what she was thinking or wearing or what we should have for dinner.
Little stuff.
And if she Heard me, she never let on. Maybe she thought it was all in her head.
She had a crease of worry between her eyes, and her pulse throbbed in her neck like a jumpy little rabbit.
I would start up and growl at nothing. I moved her shoes and dragged her dirty underwear out of the clothes hamper and heaved myself up on the counter to lick the butter out of the butter dish.
And I would stare into her eyes and dare her, just dare her, to try to punish me.
I wanted to break her open, to see what she was really like inside. If Corey had a faade, Truffle had armor, and how can you trust someone like that?
You can't trust them until you know whether they'll go for the kill if you show them your throat.
"I do like him," Ashley said into her cell phone one day. "He seems wonderful, but I just have this feeling like there's something he's hiding from me, you know?"
Corey was at yoga class and Ashley and I had been looking at Facebook when her phone jingled. As she answered, she put me outside on the deck, which once again made me think she knew my secret. I was listening at the sliding glass door, ears pivoting for maximum sound reception. Dogs have very good hearing, you know.
"Okaythis is just between you and me, right?"
I straightened and leaned in to catch every word.
"I worry that they might be involved in something illegalI don't know! But the thing is, how could they possibly make a living with a shop like that? It could be a front for, I don't know, drug running or something?
"The customers come in. They have more customers than you would expect, but some of them are really creepy. I mean, if it were my shop I'd make them leave, and then they want to buy random, justjunk, and I'm not sure, but I think Corey sometimes switches out the merchandise while he's ringing them up."
I pressed my nose to the glass, trying to decipher the squawk on the other end of the line.
"Okay, explain this: Every time I ask about the basement, he changes the subject, and he won't let me go down there. He's got all these excuses: It's dirty or the lights don't work. There are mice. The stairs are unsafe.
"Why doesn't he trust me? What's he hiding? It could be, like, a drug smuggling tunnel and I wouldn't even know, right?"
In her voice, I heard not just worry and confusion, but...longing.
So, yes, she was concerned that Corey was involved in something illegal. But also, she felt left out. I know all this because I can see things about people. But in other ways, Ashley was a mystery. Could she Hear me talk? I wasn't sure. And what did she see in Corey? And Corey in her? From my point of view, neither had much to offer, but maybe that was why they liked each other. They were alike. Both of them so bland, so mass-produced, at least on the outside. But what was on the inside?
Corey's interior was just a scaffolding to hold up his charming facade. There wasn't much very admirable in there, but there wasn't anything terrible, either.
Truffle was another matter, though. I waited, I needed, to know what was underneath.
She glanced my way, and I tried to pretend I hadn't been listening, but there were all those tell-tale nose prints all over the glass. She narrowed her eyes at me. I pretended to focus on a squirrel traversing the top of the fence.
"And," she whispered as she turned into the hallway, "I think the dog is in on itIt's not funny!" she said, laughing.
A few days later I finally cracked Truffle's armor.
I pulled a bloody maxi-pad from the trash can in the bathroom, unwrapped it and arranged it in the middle of the off-white living room carpet while Ashley answered the door. She and Corey had invited Guests for dinner. Ashley had baked a lasagna. Corey had vacuumed.
I watched from the hallway as she air-kissed her friend Logan and Logan's boyfriend, whose name Ashley kept forgetting. Corey shook No-Name's hand and accepted a bottle of screw-top wine.
Ashley and Logan started for the kitchen arm-in-arm.
"Oh, God. Ugh. Sorry. Tim-Tom-Ted, don't look! Just stay there for a sec. Corey, I'm going to kill your dog."
I poised to flee while Ashley palmed the maxi-pad. I skittered out of the way when she charged down the hall to dispose of it in the bathroom receptacle.
Corey and Tim-Tom-Ted leaned on each other and laughed, and Logan said, "So this is Sophie the Mafia dog?"
Ashley glared at Logan and cut her eyes to Corey. "Shh."
"You're paranoid," said Logan, "but I love you anyway."
Ashley smiled weakly, and then, out of nowhere she started to cry. And then she was sobbing. And everybody stopped teasing her, and even I felt a little bit sorry for her.
And then I knew: underneath her armor she was tender.
As she left later that night, Logan whispered in Ashley's ear, "Just ask him about it. I'm sure there's a perfectly good explanation."
After the Guests went home, Corey and Ashley washed dishes together and polished off a second bottle of wine. They were both tipsy, and Corey called me into the kitchen.
"Sophie," he said. "I want you to apologize to Ashley."
I smoothed my ears back to look innocent and tried to decide what to say. Ashley twisted the dish towel in her hands, then turned away to mop down the counter.
Corey glared at me and said, "and you'd better make it good."
"Truf--" I broke off when Corey jabbed a finger at me.
"Ashley," I started again.
She paused in her wiping, but didn't turn.
Corey gently turned her to face me, and kept his arm around her shoulders.
I said, "I apologize for embarrassing you."
Corey nodded. "And?"
"And I promise I'll be a gooddoggie" I rolled my eyes, "from now on."
I flopped onto my back, paws in the air, and when Corey still didn't seem satisfied, I craned my head away to expose my throat.
"I accept your apology," Ashley said.
As I heaved myself upright and pogoed off to bed, feeling dirty, Ashley turned to Corey.
"What are you hiding in the basement?"
I paused in the hallway to listen.
"I really don't know very much about the basement," he said at last. "But have you ever noticed that people see what they want to see?..."
Funny, I thought he hadn't been paying attention.
Once I saw what was in Ashley's chocolate truffle heart, we came to an understanding.
She might still pretend she couldn't Hear me, but she treated me with more respect.
And we were united in our desire to conduct research regarding the basement.
She hired an exterminator, an electrician and a Guy Who Hauls Junk and sent them all into the basement. None of them got much work done, and each had a different excuse never to return.
We moved into the apartment above the store and Ashley sold her condo. We got new carpet and Stainless Steel appliances.
Corey and Ashley entered a new phase of Genuineness that was almost genuine. They decided to start fresh, clear out the old junk. Make Room In Their Lives For Something Positive.
It had to start with the basement. It was a fire hazard, they said, psyching themselves up.


Ashley Finds the Diary
"Look at this," said Ashley, down in the basement a few months later. She scratched her smudged nose and flourished a dusty book at Corey. "It's a diary!"
I watched from the top of the stairs as she brushed the cover reverently and squinted at the pages in the forty watt glow of the bulb dangling above her.
"Hmm," he said, jammed a stained pillow into an overflowing Hefty bag and cinched it tight.
She set the diary on the third step.
"What? You're keeping it?" he asked.
He lifted two sacks and edged up toward me.
"Why not? It could be interesting."
"I doubt it."
For the rest of the day, as they hauled loads to the dumpster and shifted broken furniture and swept, I kept my eye on that diary, sitting so innocently at the edge of the stair.
"Why don't we celebrate?" said Corey, finally, tapping out a victory tattoo on the back of the dust pan.
Ashley leaned on the broom handle. "I could use a beer," she said.
They kissed like they'd just decided something life-changing and traipsed past me in a cloud of dust.
"You stay here, Sophie," said Corey, without actually looking my way. I heard the jingle of keys and the clatter of the cowbell, and all went silent.
The basement door was still open. The diary sat on the step. I was pretty sure it was the diary Virgil had told me about, the diary that had started all of this. The receptacle for all of Judith's pain. The cause of decades of regret. I limped down the steps, one at a time, and sniffed it over, and wondered whether I still trusted Virgil's judgment after all we had been through.
Should the diary remain hidden? Was its story too painful for Ashley? Could any good come of her knowing the truth that had haunted Virgil for so long, and the angst that had caused her mother to jump off a highway overpass?
Stories can be teachers and comfort and road maps. I still believe that. But did I believe that some stories were dangerous? I sniffed that diary and I felt pain so acute, so piercing that it shot me through the heart. It was the same thing Ashley's chemical fragrance did to my brain.
I felt all of Judith's hatred for her parents, her self-loathing. The angst. The lack of perspective. The sickness. And I thought, no. It is too powerful. If Ashley cries over a maxi-pad on the carpet, this is not something she can use.
Someone else, maybe they could benefit from such a story. But not Ashley.
And then I considered where the diary could be hidden. Where could I put it that curious Ashley couldn't find it?
I nuzzled the pages open. My nostrils twitched in disgust. But really, the decision had already been made. I tore off a page with my teeth, and I ate it.
By the time Corey and Ashley reappeared, slightly tipsy, the diary was mostly devoured. Pieces of the cover were scattered through the basement. I was waiting in the display window with the stomach ache of my life, cheeks puffed out to keep from barfing, focusing on the sidewalk. Ashley and Corey swayed toward me, hand in hand. The cowbell clattered.
I recycled the diary into a neat pile on the dirt parking strip by the tree, then dry-heaved a few times. The world spun.
"We'd better get you home," Corey said, and picked me up.
As he grunted up to the old apartment with me in his arms, Ashley bent over the mess on the parking strip.
"I think she ate that diary," she said.
"Stupid dog," muttered Corey.


We Whimpered With Full Hearts
It was late autumn. Virgil had long been buried, and leaves skitter-skittered in the streets.
Corey and Ashley were laughing together. They had cleared everything from the corner that used to hold old games and toys, cut crystal bric-a-brac and war medals, and had covered the linoleum with plastic sheets.
They rolled yellow paint onto the dingy wall and took turns smudging each other's faces with paint as though it were wedding cake. They giggled and leaned on each other and they had forgotten me. I sat in the display window, the smell of interior acrylic piercing my brain, watching people come and go along the sidewalk. The shop was Closed For Renovation.
Ashley had a Business Plan and a Loan and also a Half Carat Diamond Ring that she kept adjusting under her latex glove.
Outside, it started to sleet, and a car pulled to the curb. A woman with a head-tail climbed out of the driver's side and scurried around to the sidewalk. It was the sway of that head-tail that attracted my attention. There was something familiar about it.
I stiffened and watched as she unbuckled a small child from a safety seat and lifted her out, tugging a little red hood on to protect the child from the sleet.
Now the sleet was falling slant-wise. Not so much falling as hurling. And the woman and the child were blurry behind it, struggling with a large purse and a diaper bag, then dashing for Latte Love. The child stared back my way.
And the way they dashed was oh-so-familiar. And just as they left my field of view I thought I heard the child say, "Good Girl!" in her squeaky-toy voice.
"Hey! Hey!" I barked, and jumped down from the display. I ran to the door and scratched and scratched.
"Sophie, Jesus!" Corey called. "What the hell is wrong with you?"
"Lemme out!" I yowled.
As soon as he twisted the knob I forced my way through and chased after the head-tail and the little girl, but I was too slow, and they had vanished inside Latte Love leaving nothing but a whiff of Home.
I whined and tried to peer between the Visa sticker and the Coffees of the World display. My breath fogged the window.
"It's me," I cried. "It's me! It's me! It's me! Pleeeeease!"
"Sophie, go away," came Robyn's muffled voice from behind the glass.
And then I could feel the electricity, the current of recognition.
"Sophie?" Another voice may have said. A more muffled voice.
"I'm sorry Mrs. Metcalfe, it's his stupid dog" Robyn's voice tailed off.
"We used to" the muffled response. "another dog maybe somedayLily loves dogs"
Corey had me by the neck and was hauling me backward.
"It's me," I barked as I toppled into his shins. I couldn't get any traction on the icy pavement and with only three legs.
Robyn loomed over us and Corey was apologizing, but they both stilled for a moment.
"Sophie?"
I tore my head away and craned toward the voice, and a little whimper might have bubbled through my lips. It was Her. She was older and she had more worries, but it was Her. The child on her hip strained toward me.
"Oh, Sophie," she said.

So that was how I came full-circle.
And a few Very Long days later, I was Home, with He and She and little Lily and The Nanny.
He had Wheels now, because he doesn't have spare legs like me. And when She brought me home to Him for the last time, we whimpered together, but it was a whimper, not of fear, but of love and lost years. We whimpered with full hearts.
And now I am useful again. And my job is to open doors, which is funny, don't you think? Did you know they make doors with Levers? And my other jobs are to talk to Him and to wag so that people are not afraid of us. And sometimes we go to physical therapy together.

Corey and Ashley got a guinea pig named Buster who has an excellent head for business, and they make a Good Living selling Antiques.
Antiques are different from Stuff. Antiques, it turns out, are Very Expensive Stuff that people really want that they Definitely Don't Need. And the less they need it, the more they are willing to pay.
So the customers of the Antiques Shop are always happy, and Corey and Ashley and Buster have an Audi.
###

If you've enjoyed this ebook, please consider reviewing it at your favorite online retailer.

Also by Jennifer Erickson:
What I Dreamt Last Night
Down the Throat of the Mountain
