



The Lonely Whelk
by Ariele Sieling









Published by Ariele Sieling at Smashwords
 Ariele Sieling 2014
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by electronic or mechanical means without written permission from the author. The characters and situations are products of the authors imagination. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author
Discover other titles by this author at Smashwords.
Cover design by Ariele Sieling and Zoe Cannon.
Font by Markus Schrppel.
www.arielesieling.com
www.zoecannon.com








This book is dedicated to:

Great Bay Writers Group

for their support, diligence, and patience. 
I never would have gotten this far without them.













PART 1












They called it the Coffin Room, although the boxes in the room were not precisely coffins. The boxes looked like coffins, they were lined with silk, and they even had people in them, but the people werent dead. They were sleeping.
The room was long, and Holland could hear Hawkings cane clanging loudly, echoing among the boxes with each step he took. Her coffin lay at one end of the room, separated from the rest. A wheel stuck out from the end. His feet scuffed on the ground as he slowly hobbled over to it, leaned his cane against the side with a clank, and grasped the old metal wheel with both hands.
Rows and rows of people sleeping. Holland typically tried not to think about it, as thoughts of coffins filled with people that could wake up did not usually suit for pleasant dreams; although, now that she was waking up, she wouldnt have to worry about dreams at least not for the next few minutes. As the wheel turned, the coffins lid began to open, slowly and squeakily. It sounded like the gears of an old, giant clock. For the first time in six hundred years, Holland saw light. 
Her limbs felt like ice. One leg tingled a bit, and the other felt like a dead log; she twitched her fingers and rolled her eyes around in her head. Her ears were regaining feeling, which was an odd sensation, because she had always imagined that her nose would be first and then the feeling would spread like warm water pouring down her skin. It didnt feel like that at all. It felt like her son was driving his toy train up her leg while her ex-husband stabbed her in the heart. And here came the emotions. She hated those.
Hawkings head appeared over the side of her coffin.
By god, Hawkings, Holland croaked. Her voice was rough, as it hadnt been used in nearly six hundred years. You look like youre eight hundred years old!
Seven hundred and ninety-three, he replied, as a broad smile broke into his wizened eyes. His face was partially hidden by a monstrous, pitch black beard and mustache. You look as young and beautiful as the day we put you under.
Has it really been six hundred years? she asked.
Yep. Minus two weeks. I had to wake you up early because Old Man Jacobs died last night and the crew was down to just me and Squeak.
Jacobs is dead? Does that mean that Captain Abrams and Lady Mastin are dead too?
Yes, maam. Although, we wont have much opportunity to miss Lady Mastin. She spent the last two years of her life carefully recording her voice into the computer system. His voice was scratchy and old-sounding, and it gave the impression that each word he spoke required great effort.
Holland raised her arm. Ow! she exclaimed as blood rushed backwards into her body. 
Careful, said Hawkings, reaching out to take her hand. I need you healthy and strong to help me wake up the rest of these bastards that spent the last six hundred years sleeping. You know the rules: wake up from stasis, and then youve got to sleep for twenty-four hours with your nutrient pack plugged in. Lets just hope I dont croak before you get back up. He gave her hand a little squeeze and then let go.
No, wait, she said. My son.
You can watch the briefing vids when you wake back up, sis. But you need to sleep. Or youll die. Literally. Hawkings hobbled over to her med-station, and Hollands heart broke a little at the sight of his back, bent so far over he looked like a hunchback. He turned a knob and a yellow liquid seeped into the tubes that fed into her box. You wont feel anything. Its just sleeping medication.
I dont want to go back to Holland took a deep breath and fell silent as darkness rushed into her senses.
Sweet dreams, she heard him say as he leaned to kiss her forehead. Please, wake up soon. So I dont die alone.







The rain weaseled its way out of the clouds and through the air, landing cautiously on the ground and slinking into every corner and hole it could find. The street lamps hadnt bothered to turn on, so the light that lay casually across the sidewalk primarily came from the windows of an old Victorian-style house. The sign that swung in the light wind read, Gwyn Oliphant, Therapist. Tall trees buffeted back and forth behind the house, and weeds grew up through the front steps of the porch, making a would-be beautiful house look tired and a little bit eerie.
The light that spilled onto the sidewalk mainly fell on two gentlemen chatting in the living room, because, although it was rather late, Mr. Oliphant had a patient.
Im a villain, said Maxwell Dippings, leaning back in his chair. He glanced at the chair next to him, as though he were non-verbally addressing another person. The chair was, however, empty.
Thats very interesting, said his therapist. What makes you think that?
I have an evil plan, Maxwell replied in a quite straightforward manner. And I definitely think it will advance my career and my goals.
And what would that plan be, hm? Gwyn Oliphant, XXXV, scribbled rapidly in his legal notepad, a carryover from his days as an intern with Percival Oliphant, Attorney at Law.
Oh, I cant tell you. Maxwell braided his fingers together. I can only tell my archrival, and then only right before my plan is about to succeed. Thats how being an evil villain works, you know.
And who is your archrival, hm? Mr. Oliphant peered at Maxwell over his half-moon glasses.
His name is John. Maxwell smirked. And boy is he going to regret that.
Regret what? asked Mr. Oliphant.
Being named John.
This is all quite fascinating, Mr. Oliphant replied. And what is it about his name that he will regret, hm?
Having it.
Yes, but why?
Oh, I cant tell you that. Maxwell took a deep breath. But Ill tell you when its over. Youll be so proud. Dont worry, I cant fail.
What does Maddy think of this plan, hm? Oliphant asked. 
Ask her yourself! Maxwell demanded.
Mr. Oliphant turned his body to face the empty chair next to Maxwell. Well? What do you think of this plan, Maddy? He then turned his body back to face Maxwell.
Maxwell began to speak in a slightly higher-pitched voice. I dont think that Maxwell is really a villain. I think he is simply responding to a world that has labeled him as different.
That is a very interesting perspective, Maddy, Mr. Oliphant replied, scribbling rapidly in his notebook. Maddy had been coming to their sessions for years, and Mr. Oliphant had not yet figured out a good way to tell Maxwell that she wasnt real.
Well then, Maxwell, would you care to let me know when your plan is going to go into effect?
Right this very instant, Maxwell said, his voice returning to normal. Without warning, he stood and leaped through the window.
The sound of shattering glass barreled into Mr. Oliphants ears as he leaned forward, frowning, and watched Maxwell Dippings land on the pavement a few feet down, shake shards of glass out of his hair, and sprint down the street. 
Thanks for all your help, Mr. Oliphant, he yelled over his shoulder. You wont regret it.
Mr. Oliphant shook his head. I should probably call the police on that one, hm. He glanced at his watch. But after dinner, I think.








Maxwell Dippings did not run home, assuming that eventually Mr. Oliphant would, in fact, call the police. Instead, he headed to an old playground which was overrun with weeds, bushes, and small animals that made their homes in the brush. He leaped over the rotting three-foot wooden fence that had once completely surrounded the miniature park, and followed a barely visible winding path of stomped-down weeds towards the main structure. The playground had a slide, a six-foot platform with some holes and a fake steering wheel, and a couple of rope ladders. On the other side of the park, a swing set and some plastic animals on springs stood eerily.
All in all it looked like a faded remnant of a long-forgotten past that smiled cheerfully with the hope that someone  anyone  walking by would stop and take notice. Alas, the happy cries of children were a distant memory for the old, lonely playground, and it tolerated the presence of the odd Mr. Dippings with the hope he might eventually attract other living beings besides rabbits.
Children never played here anymore, in part due to the lack of architectural integrity, and in part due to the fact that Maxwell had spent many nights pretending to be a ghost and scaring away anyone that lingered past dusk. This was Maxwells place now, and he wished to keep it entirely to himself. Everyone deserved their space, didnt they? This was his.
Ducking underneath the slide, Maxwell entered his secret lair. The entrance was no more than a hole in the wood, although he had rigged a cardboard door to help block out the wind and rain. As he stepped in, he reached out to touch a lock of his arch nemesis hair for luck. The inside was a large, inelegant hole carved into the ground; he spent hours digging one night, and then had used rusty nails to secure old slats to the structure to make walls. Over time, he had even had the foresight to steal some insulation and put another layer of old wooden slats up to help it stay warm in the winter. Encouraging the weeds to grow up and around the slats as camouflage had proved harder than he had expected, because, while it was quite a ubiquitous species that found ways to take over everywhere it went, they didnt really grow up as much as out. 
In the center of the room was an old charcoal grill. A pipe was taped over a hole in the lid, and rose up to the ceiling. This was for keeping the place warm in the winter. Maxwell used it as little as possible, because he didnt want anyone coming to investigate a smoking playground. An old rug that smelled a bit like wet possum covered the ground, and a few pillows and a feather blanket made the tiny room a bit more comfortable.
Maxwell settled down onto his favourite pillow, sitting cross-legged and leaning against the far wall. He gazed at the pictures which were tacked over the walls. Most of them were of John, but some were of the Globe building downtown and others were ones that Maddy had taken of Maxwell hiding behind bushes. A large map of the planet graced one wall, and tacks with strings tied to them covered it, marking out Maxwells plan in points and pretty colours.
Maxwell looked at his watch and chuckled.
Now, he said, I only have to wait one more day. Wait and it will be mine. All mine. Just mine. Not his, but mine. At the end of today.
He pulled a small box out from under the rug and opened it slowly. Inside the box was a pencil  a yellow, wooden pencil, with a graphite lead.
It will be mine, he whispered again, and curled up in his damp pillows to wait.








The wind buffeted the trees and dragged at Kaias sweatshirt as she stood in the middle of a large crowd, which bumped and jostled in the middle of a public park. The Grand Tyrtle Park, a local attraction which hosted exotic trees and evening events, was located on the bank of the Tyrtle River. 
The pronunciation of the Tyrtle River was a point of much dissention among Pomegranate City residents; some insisted it was pronounced Tyre-tell and others were determined to call it Turtle. Currently, the park was hosting a play, due to start in only a few minutes. Early morning shows were a new thing, and Kaia felt that far too many people were attending. Didnt they ever need to sleep? In addition, they seemed to have grouped themselves based on their pronunciation of the rivers name: people on one side were wearing green and yellow scarves and sweaters; the others were wearing black turtlenecks, most of which proclaimed TYRE-TEL in large white letters. Kaia rolled her eyes.
In her hand, Kaia held a letter, postmarked only two days previous, from the Globe Government Center. It read, Meet me at the Bucket Factory. Alone. There was no time or address. It was signed, John.
So here she was, early in the morning, responding to the cryptic note by standing alone in a large group of people who cared far too much about pronunciations and were watching an uninteresting and rather raunchy play. Bailey and the Bucket Factory was about a poor boy who couldnt afford to even own a bucket. 
She was hoping that the cryptic message from John was not a prank, but instead about her application to be an intern in the primary office at the Globe for the Interplanetary Creation and Cooperation Committee. John, the gentleman in charge of the internship, was notorious for playing games and testing people. His tactics included knocks on the door in the middle of the night, cryptic messages  sometimes written in invisible ink  and phone calls which at first sounded like prank calls, but if you took them seriously, could change your life.
She looked around. A group of gentlemen in green jackets were laughing raucously at a joke; a family of five sat on blankets staring at the still-empty stage; a wife was pointing angrily at the lipstick stain on her husbands shirt collar. Kaia jumped as she felt a tap on her shoulder.
Hello there! I see you got my message! A thin gentleman in an unbuttoned charcoal Callahan frock coat melted out of the crowd in front of her. He stood with his hands clasped behind his back and a big grin on his face. I hate this show! How about you?
Are you John? asked Kaia hesitantly, even though he looked as she expected.
I most certainly am! He bowed, and then looked at her, head tilted. Would you like to be my new intern?
She took a deep breath and tried to swallow the massive grin that threatened to explode from her face. What about my interview? she managed to ask.
Oh you already had one. Your last day of class, the oral exam for Professor Needneon  I wrote those questions. He grinned. You scored perfectly. For me anyway, I dont know about in the actual class.
I got an A. She shook her head, still trying not to appear too excited. So youre going to just just hire me on the spot?
Well, I mean, unless you object? John turned and began to stride rapidly towards the street. Kaia scurried to keep up.
Oh, no! she exclaimed. She was having trouble processing that her lifes dream was really coming true. Its just that this is... well, unconventional isnt a problem... but, what if this is just a very elaborate prank and you arent, you know you?
John came to a halt as they neared the edge of the street and turned to look at her. That is a valid concern, I suppose. I do like pranks. He nodded, and then began to recite: Kaia Elexene Mastiff: your father died before you were born and your mother disappeared when you were two. You were raised in the South Pier orphanage, schooled at the Elusion Plains College of Advanced Technology and Science, and live in an apartment with your roommate, Jasmin. Jasmin works for the Department of Public Works as a marketing consultant and has a cat named Jezebel. You are 5 feet, 5 inches tall and weigh approximately 129.3 pounds. Your hair is dyed a normal brown but naturally has blue stripes in it, and you have been dating Cary Strand off and on for about fourteen years, but you should break up with him because hes a jerk.
You applied for this position at the Globe six years ago and have been finishing your schooling, desperately hoping to hear from our department. Your essay was phenomenal and your writing skills are superb. Your math is also excellent, by the way, although you seem to be a bit weak in the poetry department. Also you are not good at music or art, but that is irrelevant as your imagination seems to function sufficiently. 
After you applied, you then arranged for someone, we wont name names, to drop reminders off at the various locations where I was likely to be. He was very creative, and tried a number of things from writing your name in graffiti on alley walls, to slipping notes under the doors at the Globe, to
Okay, okay! Kaia waved her hands in the air and began turning pink. I believe you. She looked both ways, and then at John. Are we crossing the street?
He smiled as at that moment, a sleek, black, extendible pomobile zoomed up in front of them, hovering nearly three feet off the ground.
Kaias eyes widened, and John gestured towards the door. It slid open with a hiss as the car lowered so that it floated a bit closer to the ground. After you. He gestured towards the vehicle politely.
Kaia stepped past John and carefully climbed in. 
It didnt even wiggle, Kaia noted as she settled into the deep, dark, leather seats, noticing too late that John had not yet entered the vehicle.
Its got Oliphant shocks.
Kaia gasped in surprise at the voice that emanated from deeper within pomobile. A man sat in the opposite corner of the darkened interior of the pomobile.
Quin Black, the man said, reaching forward to shake her hand.
Thats Quin. John nodded in agreement, climbing in and pulling the door shut behind him. He follows me around a lot.
To protect you, you mean, Quin muttered. When Im in town, anyway. And bored.
A bodyguard? Kaia asked. Why?
Im good at being smarter than people, thats all, said John.
A smarter ass, Quin muttered. And congratulations on your new internship.
Thanks! Kaia let a little bit of her grin peek through. Im looking forward to it.
John straightened his tie and slicked back his hair as the pomobile rolled to a halt. And here we are! he proclaimed. To new adventures and a new, exciting internship!
Kaia grinned as she followed him and Quin down the sidewalk towards the Globe building. Boasting the shape of a large sphere resting atop a high-rise building, it was the most intimidating ball on a stick she had ever seen.
They stepped through the doors, walked past the secretary, and entered the elevator. Every step was like a new world. Kaia simply couldnt believe her eyes. 
It was huge. Enormous, in fact. They sat in the elevator for nearly five minutes before the doors slid open. In front of her lay a massive room  a lobby of sorts  with signs pointing in myriad different directions. People of every shape, size, and species scurried back and forth and plants upon plants grew up every wall and down every hallway. One hallway even appeared to have a carpet of grass.
She had seen the Globe from a distance, of course, always stunning on a sunny day and a winner of many architectural awards, but she had imagined the inside to be much more reminiscent of an office building. At least it had offices  she had gotten that part right. But the offices had massive windows that looked out a hundred feet to the ground. The squeaky clean glass made it seem as though you could step right through them and fall to your certain death. 
Why so many plants? Kaia ventured to ask they began to stride into this strange and altogether wondrous building. Quin was following closely behind her.
Extra oxygen increases productivity. Also, if the rest of the planet went kablooey, we would have enough high-oxygen producing plants to keep everyone alive in this building indefinitely. Provided, of course, that we took care of the plants. And that the reason the rest of the planet went kablooey didnt involve nuclear weapons or anything else that would cause our building to fall over.
Amazing.
As they turned the next corner, Kaias jaw dropped. A fish tank  inside the wall!
Thats the artistic evolution of fish, John said. Farther down the wall, she saw that the real fish tank with real fish was replaced by a photograph. The photograph of the little swimming critters then morphed into a really realistic drawing, which turned into a cartoon. Past the cartoon, some stick-figure fish swam happily.
Its incredible! Kaia exclaimed. 
I think so, too! John replied. Wait until you see the observatory! But first  the signatures. Follow me.
He led her down a hallway that was painted like the night sky. The lights were off, but tiny pinpricks of light glowed in the walls and ceiling.
Those are actual constellations, by the way, John said. They change given the season.
After a few more turns, John stopped in front of a huge oak door. A large snail was carved towards the bottom, sitting in front of a beach with waves crashing on the shore. John knocked once. The door swung open.
John! Mr. Drake boomed. Already a tall and intimidating man, the bulging vein in his massively over-sized neck only increased his daunting appearance. You cannot hide keys around the building! What were you thinking? Who knows what kind of idiot found one of your blasted keys and can get in and steal top secret secrets whenever the hell he wants to! What do you have to say for yourself?
Kaia cringed as his angry voice washed over her.
What I have to say is... John bowed and gestured to Kaia. Meet Kaia! Our new high profile intern! She is extremely qualified and overjoyed to be working for us!
Mr. Drake turned his seething eyes towards Kaia. She swallowed.
Welcome. 
Kaia forced a nervous smile across her features as his scowl swept over her and back to John.
You dont have to be head of eight departments, you know! he continued as his eyes bored a hole into Johns skull. Kaia was amazed how John didnt even seem to flinch. It was as if he didnt even notice how terrifying the man was. We have dozens of other more-than-competent scientists that could do your jobs! What do you have to say for yourself?
Kaia looked back and forth between the two men. She was nervous, but had no actual idea of what was going on.
I will work it out with Rock and Quin, John said, carefully choosing his words. Security has not yet been compromised and we will discuss it in full.
Thank you, Drake replied. I expect a full briefing by the end of the day tomorrow. Now, young lady, you must understand how important it is to keep secrets. I have here he turned and rummaged in his desk drawera confidentiality agreement, specifically designed for interns. A five-hundred-page document thundered down onto the desk in front of him.
Kaias mouth opened.
Unfortunately, said John, stroking his tie, youll have to read and sign this before I can show you anything else.
Theres a chair and table over by the window, Mr. Drake added. Welcome to the Globe.






Holland opened her eyes and stretched. She felt extremely rested. Almost too rested. Blinking her eyes a few times to rid them of the tired fuzziness, she slowly sat up and looked around. The boxes around her remained closed. She took a deep breath and tried not to imagine the bodies sleeping there.
Hawkings? she said in a rough voice. She cleared her throat and tried again. Hawkings?
Her voice echoed in the tomb-like room. 
She sat up slowly, stretched, and blinked. Waking up wasnt fun in normal circumstances, and it brought a special kind of grouchy when one had been asleep for six hundred years. 
Fiddling around in the dim light, she carefully removed the wires and tubes that were attached to various parts of her body. Then she hit the red button. The box began to hum as the sides folded down. She swung her legs over the edge and looked at the floor cautiously. I hope these legs can support my weight, she muttered under her breath.
The floor came up quickly to meet her when she fell. Owww. she groaned, pushing herself up with her arms. This is not going to be easy.
Holland looked up. Her coffin and the one next to her were just a bit too far apart from one another to use as supports. Then she noticed a cane lying on the floor. She dragged her nearly useless body over to the cane and grabbed onto it.
Hawkings? she called again. There was still no answer.
Using the cane and edge of her coffin as support, she slowly dragged herself to her feet. A wash of tingles flew down her legs and into her feet. She groaned.
I dont know whether to complain or giggle, she muttered. Ow. It tickles. She took two thundering steps and a slow smile washed over her face. It felt good  very good  to walk. Her smile broadened. It felt even better to smile.
The more steps she took, the better she felt. The tingling sensation in her legs had nearly disappeared by the time she was halfway down the room; now it simply felt as though she had bricks attached to the bottom of her legs. She began to walk a bit faster, still feeling as though her feet pounded against the floor with the weight of a dozen giant madgrey beavers.
A wash of nostalgia filled her mind and her nose as she exited the coffin room and entered the hallway. She had spent many years operating this ship until they had put her into stasis. It was strange that so many people she had known back home were either extremely old or dead. The nostalgia that had suddenly washed over rapidly dissipated, and an overwhelming fear took its place.
Hawkings? she called. Where was he?
She headed towards the bridge. She imagined him sitting there, passing the time by eating cookies and drinking tea, deflecting the occasional asteroid that managed to coincidentally cross paths with the ship. Maybe he had played bridge with Lady Mastin, Captain Abrams, and Jacobs before they died. Played bridge on the bridge. She chuckled, and then frowned angrily. These rapid emotional swings were going to become unbearable.
The bridge door was shut. She keyed her passcode into the door. It slid open as smoothly as the day she had first set foot on board. The vast expanse of darkness spread out before her, the skies spotted only by the lights of distant stars. She loved to look out this window, but was surprised by the temperature of the room. It was quite cold.
Hawkings? she said, hobbling forward towards the Commanders Chair. 
There sat Hawkings, his head tilted forward so that his chin touched his chest. He looked asleep.
Hawkings? Holland reached out to touch his hand, which clutched a small piece of paper. It was cold. He was dead.







Maxwell woke as sunlight filtered in through the door to his lair, which he had left open the night before. He wondered if Mr. Oliphant had called the police yet as he shivered in his damp feather blankets. He checked his watch. It was almost time; there were only two more minutes remaining.
A pigeon landed on the top of the playground. He could hear it scratching around. It cooed. The next pigeon that landed on his castle was going to be dinner  or possibly breakfast. That would show all the other pigeons not to mess with him  not to mess with Maxwell Dippings! On the other hand, the last time he had roasted pigeon, he had also managed to attract three coyotes, so perhaps allowing the birds to use his roof as a restroom was the safer option.
He looked at his watch. One more minute. Patience was a skill. Patience was important. Patience had to be developed and nurtured and honed. Patience was his strength  and his patience would be Johns downfall.
He glanced at his watch.
Hello, Maddy, he said, smiling. She always arrived right on time. Maddy  the woman of impeccable taste and impeccable timing. I hope youre doing well this morning. Let me just gather my things.
His Things consisted of one leather satchel, three perfectly engineered wooden pencils, two little black notebooks of questionable content, and one snarly black wig. These were the only things needed to enact his plan. He glanced up at her as she stepped down into his lair. The morning sun shone through the doorway and wrapped around her figure, making her look like an angel.
You also need a way to get into the building without getting kicked out, Maddy pointed out.
Thats true, he said, looking up at her. But well get the key from the Globe. You and I both know that John always hides one outside. He smiled at her and held out an apple. Are you hungry?
She shook her head.
No? Ill just have this for my breakfast then, wont I?
He scrambled out from under the playground and then turned and offered a hand. Maddy took it.
Thanks, she said pleasantly.
He smiled and replied, Oh dont worry. I know my lair is hard to get in and out of.
The sun was shining brightly, if low in the sky, and Maxwell could tell it was going to be a warm and probably humid day. 
Humidity makes my hair frizz, Maddy grumbled.
He laughed, appreciating how she always seemed to be able to read his mind. What are you talking about? Your hair always looks wonderful, Maddy! The humidity wont have any effect on your beautiful face. He climbed over the low wall and began to cut through the trees towards the big park where everyone ran and walked and had picnics. 
So the plan for today is, he began, glancing over his shoulder to see if he was being followed, to meet with Perla and then acquire a key to the Globe so we can sneak in after closing. That way there wont be any people around.
The Globe doesnt have a closing time. People are there all day! Maddy said.
Maxwell paused to look at her, and frowned.
What do you mean, it doesnt close? He laughed, and then said, All government offices close, my dear.
A runner going the opposite direction gave him an odd look as he flew by. Maxwell ignored him.
What will we do when we get inside? Maddy twirled around as they walked down the sidewalk, making her skirts spin out in all directions around her. Maxwell could never figure out how he had been so lucky to have her as his best friend.
Well, the idea is that Perla is going to create a distraction to allow us to sneak upstairs. Maxwell grinned and held out his elbow so Maddy could link hers with his. Once we succeed, my dear, we will have everything we need to be happy.
And the strange man walked cheerfully through the park, enjoying the warm day and green trees.






Kaias mind was spinning. The confidentiality agreement had turned out to have a lot of pictures and sections which didnt apply to her, but she still felt overwhelmed by the sheer quantity of information that had entered her head in the last two hours. Now, John was skipping down a flight of stairs in front of her, shouting, Keep up, Kaia-kee! She wasnt sure when he had started adding kee to the end of her name, but it did have a ring to it.
She followed him into a large room filled with screens. From here, she could see anything that was happening in the building. It was impossible to watch them all at once, so she looked away, focusing instead on two men standing in front of her.
Its mine, John was saying. I leave them there so I dont have to carry keys.
He stood looking down at a very thin, very short man with a very sharp looking nose. Kaia wondered if it was sharp enough to slice bread. On his left arm dripped a large tattoo of a clock, and other patterned tattoos wrapped around his neck, colours fading out from black to nearly the same brown as his skin. One small, silver key was nearly engulfed by his massive hand; his hands seemed oddly large for his arms.
Im changing the locks, the man said, and this will not happen again. I have found over twenty-five keys hidden around this building. If thats not an invitation for thieves and terrorists, then I dont know what is. If you hide another key outside this building, I will find it. And then I will find it again. And I will continue to change the locks and throw away your keys. And then you will be fired.
John turned on his sad face. But but how am I supposed to work extra hours? How am I supposed to get into the lab when I lose my keys? How am I supposed to live my dream?
The man ignored Johns whining and turned to Kaia. And you are?
Kaia, she replied, holding out her hand. The new intern.
Im Rock, new head of security here at the Globe. And in case you were wondering, it is strictly against policy to hide keys around the premises.
I understand, sir, she replied.
He turned back to John. You should take lessons from her.
Could keypads be installed, sir? Kaia asked. Then each individual could have a code, which could be removed at any time.
Rock stood up a little straighter, but was still significantly shorter than John. It would need to be approved and funded by Mr. Drake, but that would be an excellent improvement to security around here.
John scowled. I am good at hiding my keys. People cant find them. I think youre overreacting.
Rocks face remained stern. You are the head of eight departments in a high-level government facility, which hosts numerous secrets, billion-dollar pieces of equipment, and the most brilliant minds of the millennium, none of which we want stolen. I think you can learn to keep track of a key.
Scowl deepening, John spun around to face Quin, whom Kaia had not noticed standing in the corner of the room. I need my key. And I need it where it always is. 
Quin flipped through a magazine titled The Art of Pruning. A small smile flickered across his face. No. Youre on your own.
Come on! You hired this guy! You can tell him what to do! Tell him to let me hide my key!
Hes head of security, not me. Quin shrugged. And if I were, I wouldnt let you hide a key either.
Gremlins and Petersburg! John exclaimed. You two are impossible. Ill find a way, I tell you! He shook his finger at Rock. You just wait!
Go ahead and try, Mr. John, Rock replied. But I believe Mr. Drake instructed you to resolve this issue, did he not? If you are unable to comply with the new regulations, I will have your key revoked.
Quin smirked again, and flipped a page. Kaia thought she could make out a picture of a bush in the shape of a teakettle. Can we go now? Quin asked. I have work to do.
Im not speaking to you right now, said John. He turned and stomped from the room. 
Kaia looked back and forth from Quin to John.
Hell be fine in about ten minutes, Quin said. I think he enjoys having little tantrums every so often.
Oh, Im not worried about him, said Rock. He held open his other hand. Im more worried about these other twenty-six keys I found hidden around the property.
Twenty-six! Kaia said with surprise. I thought this office hired the most intelligent people in the world.
Quin nodded. They do.
I think we should upgrade to iris scan technology, Rock said. Everyone in town probably has a key to this building by now.
I agree, Quin nodded. He turned to Kaia. You should probably follow John. But dont get too close, or he might start throwing things.
Yes, sir! Kaia agreed, and ran after John.






Clyde lay quietly in his bed, waiting for his alarm to go off. This was his favourite part of the day  the morning, as the sun was rising. He liked to quietly count from one to one thousand, stretching his mind to become in tune with time as it slowly ticked by. Nine-hundred and one. Nine-hundred and two.
The shades covering his window opened with a loud snap. The sun poured into his room, as if a dam had broken. Clyde groaned softly.
Good morning, sleepyhead, his mother declared. He could see her curls silhouetted in the morning light. The Globe called this morning.
What? Clyde exclaimed. He sat up abruptly and looked at the clock. The alarm hadnt gone off. Why didnt you wake me up?
Wake up my baby? She stepped forward, smiling, and reached out to smooth down his hair. You looked so peaceful! Just like when you were a toddler! I couldnt have.
What did they want? he asked, swinging his legs over the side of his bed. 
They want you to interview for a guard position.
Clydes jaw and mouth formed an oddly-shaped O, and his eyebrows nearly leaped from his forehead. When? 
She glanced at her watch. Oh, in about forty-five minutes.
Taking a deep breath, Clyde closed his eyes and counted to five. Frustration threatened to overflow; his mind scrambled to find anything from Ivanna the Bard to help him control his tongue. Under his breath he whispered, Speak only what you wish to be heard, for once spoken, words cannot be unsaid. 
Are you mad, sweetie? You dont have to go. I mean, youre so talented you could get a job anywhere! she smiled and smoothed his hair back again.
I could, but, inaction is made up of lost opportunity, and opportunities gained and lost dictate the fate of the world, Clyde recited. Please leave my room so I can get dressed.
Well, okay. She gave him a concerned look. Dont get too frazzled! You have plenty of time!
He guided her towards his bedroom door and closed it behind her, immediately spinning around and bolting into the bathroom. Five minutes later he reappeared in a shirt, tie, and boxers. His hair was wet.
Mom! he grumbled. She was sitting on his bed. Please!
Oh, sorry, dear. I just wanted to tell you that your jacket is at the cleaners. You wont be able to wear it to your interview.
Clyde took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Exasperation frustrates all, but a deep breath calms the heart and clears the head, he thought. He raised his eyebrows at his mother. Out.
She frowned, and then smiled a little. As you wish. Dont be late! She strode from the room.
He pulled his pants on, tightened his belt, and stuffed his feet into his shoes. Walking down the stairs was tricky, due to the fact that his shoes werent entirely on his feet, but he managed that, and even managed to grab a muffin on his way out.
His mother stood at the door as he ran past. She held out an envelope. Some extra resumes, dear! 
Thank you, he said, and, kissing her on the cheek, hailed the first cab that drove by.
He lived in a heavily populated section of the city, but the house had more space surrounding it than any other house in the area. It was so large that he and his mother could be in it together for several days and never bump into each other. He tended to stick to two or three rooms, though, so maybe they would see each other more frequently if he ever bothered to wander into the other areas of the house. How they afforded it was a mystery to him, but he was not one to spend excessive amounts of time contemplating the enigma. He assumed their financial state had something to do with his dads unfortunate and untimely death. He often wished he had gotten to know the man, but his mother refused to talk about him and Clyde didnt like to push. At any rate, they were provided for. His mom might not feel obligated to hold down a job, but he would prove his worth if it killed him.
The Globe, please, he said to the cab driver.
She nodded and screeched down the street, and then rapidly came to a halt as a kid on a wheelie-board hurtled out into the road in front of them. Clyde closed his eyes as a deep breath filled his lungs and oxygen rushed through his body. He imagined oxygen looked like miniature racecars barreling from his heart to his brain and back. As long as he kept breathing and didnt eat too much corn syrup or processed foods, there would be no traffic jams in his veins.
He rested his hands on his knees and stared at the thin threads on the seat in front of him. They weaved in and out of each other so cleanly, united and whole. Focusing his mind, he began to recite possible interview questions silently: What challenges did you face and how did you handle them? What was your biggest accomplishment? Failure? What do you expect from a supervisor? Why did you leave your last job? How do you alleviate stress? What projects have you worked on? What five words would you use to describe yourself?
A few minutes later, as the cab pulled up in front of the Globe, Clyde realized that he had been reciting the questions, but not the answers. He sighed and handed the driver some cash.
The Globe was an amazing building. The base of the building began wide, but narrowed until it met the massive sphere that rested on the top of the spike, high in the sky. It was, according to the book Sams Tourist Tips and Take-Outs, the tallest building in the city. The base was made of a dark obsidian-coloured stone, and the Globe itself was made entirely made of glass. Sams explained that the glassblower, a Maddox Oliphant, blew the globe himself, using his own invention  a giant raindrop-shaped fan with its own air-generation system. The point on the top of the sphere was a warning to any invading alien species, although no one was quite sure what the warning said.
Clyde wasnt sure how reliable Sams Tourist Tips and Takeouts was, but the building was incredible and always looked like it was glowing. He took a deep breath. It was time to interview.
He strode towards the building, chanting silently: one step forward and one step back: even a clumsy man can dance. He might be clumsy, but this time, he would dance.






Holland curled up on the floor, sobbing. Images flashed across her eyelids: Hawkings dead body in the chair, the stars twinkling in the vast void of night on the other side of the windows, the rows and rows of coffins lying parallel to one another and containing the bodies of her friends  and she was alone. Completely alone.
This was an emotional cocktail: sadness, mixed with fear, mixed with rage, and salted with a little bit of relief  relief that she was alive and not dead, relief that her crew would be there soon, and relief that Hawkings had at least had the foresight to wake her up. But the relief masked the other emotions only for a moment, and then her mind was awash with them all simultaneously. After listening to and feeling her feelings wreak havoc with her body and mind, it all began to settle into one, solid, interminable sadness. Her hands trembled, the muscles in her back tensed, and her throat and eyes began to burn.
She didnt count the minutes or hours that passed; she merely focused on taking one breath after another after another.
Finally, she took a deep breath and sat up. She imagined her backbone was made of iron and coated with the polymer that made the Radovine spaceships invincible. She imagined that she was a robot, being piloted by a faraway mind, and that she had been commanded to start working. She imagined that she was anyone but herself, and anywhere but here.
The ship was running on autopilot, so there shouldnt be much for her to do yet except to start waking up the others. But she wanted to double-check  six hundred years is a long time, and anything could have happened. The problem was Hawkings. His corpse sat awkwardly in the chair. Although moving him seemed the best option, she wasnt sure she had the strength. Instead, she pressed the button on the side of the chair. It slowly revolved, taking the body with it. When Hawkings faced away from the console, she carefully stepped between the back of the chair and the console, and could now see the screen.
This would require a few more deep breaths. News of her son, news of her home, news of the world that danced in its own track around its own sun  that would need to wait. Right now, this ship and these people were her responsibility.
Computer, she said. Status report.
Hello, Holland, said the computer. 
Holland cringed. Hello, Lady Mastin.
You may call me Computer. The console began to hum. Graphs and sensor readings began to stream past, blue lines penetrating Hollands mind but somehow still seeming so far away. Life support: 100 percent. Power: 98 percent. Engines: full auto. Shielding: 83 percent.
Why only 83 percent? Holland interrupted the computer, frowning. When they left Sagitta, the shielding was projected to be at 100 percent until they reached their destination. It had automatic repairing capabilities which worked on most rocks and asteroids, although it would do little against weapons or a black hole.
We hit an asteroid belt, replied the computer. Electronics functioning except in Corridor 11.
Wait, wait, go back, Holland said, gesturing at the console screen. The lines froze and she leaned in to look closer. There was a power spike about twenty minutes ago in Corridor 11. What is that? Is that why it isnt working?
The computer hummed for a moment. Unknown.
What do you mean, unknown? Hollands frown deepened.
Unknown. 
But youre supposed to know! Youre supposed to know everything!
Unknown.
What about the people in the Corridor 11 stasis room?
Life support on secondary power.
Well, thats okay for now. Finish the report. Tell me about the stasis pods.
Stasis pods: 57 percent capacity.
Wait, what? 57 percent? Hollands breathing became jagged and irregular. Nothing made sense and she hated it when things were out of control.
43 percent drained.
When we left, Computer, we were at 100 percent capacity. And if were at 57 percent, that means... Holland took a deep breath. Tell me what happened.
Power malfunction in Corridor 3, 5, and 7.
When?
One year previous.
Holland gripped the edges of the console until her knuckles turned white. One year ago, 57 percent of the people on this ship died? Are they really dead? Why didnt Hawkings wake me up then?
Affirmative. You must review the ships log.
Dead. A coffin room that was really a coffin room. Dozens of coffin rooms, in fact, that were actually filled with coffins. When the ship had left Sagitta there had been over 50,000 people sleeping on board. More than enough to colonize the new planet. Over 28,000 of those people were dead. Dead. On her ship. 
She cried again as her fingers scrambled to bring up the ships log. As soon as Hawkings face appeared, she hit pause and turned to look at his body.
I should probably move him, she said. The computer did not respond.
She flexed her hands. Moving him very far was not likely to happen, but at very least she could get him onto the floor and into a more comfortable-looking position. Reaching forward, she slid her hands under his armpits and pulled him forward. His head fell against her shoulder. A shiver ran through her entire body; goose bumps raised the hair on every inch of her skin. He was dead, but hadnt been for very long.
Sliding his butt forward, she dropped him to the floor.
There was a thump. She would never forget that thump. It didnt sound like much, but she knew that the knowledge that his corpse made a thump when it hit the floor would haunt her dreams for the rest of her life. She sobbed once and leaned down to drag his body away from the console. He was heavy, but lighter than she expected, which meant either he had lost a lot of weight, or she was stronger than she had anticipated.
Her legs wobbled as she pulled on his arms. She laid him flat on his back and pushed his arms to his sides. Next, she closed his eyes which stared blankly towards the star-dotted ceiling, and did her best to tidy his clothes. She would need help to finish dealing with him, after she woke up the crew.
Holland went back to the Commanders seat and sat. Hawkings face stared up at her from the console. He was smiling. A tear dripped down her face as she reached out and hit play.
Holland, he said. Hello. Good morning. I hope you slept well and imagine you will never want to sleep again. If youre watching this without me, its because Im dead. Im sorry I missed you.
Holland began to sob. His face was so old  wrinkled and more wrinkled  and grey hairs covered his head. Even his stubble was completely grey. He sat hunched over the computer, and as she stared at him, she noticed how his eyelids drooped around his eyes. That one detail jarred her: he was so old, growing close to a millennium. It was amazing that he had lasted even this long. When they were young, they hadnt even considered this. It was supposed to have been a happy reunion; they had been immortal back then.
On the screen his face turned grave. All is not well, Im afraid, although Lady Mastin and Jacobs lived happy lives. We lived for the moments when we got to wake someone up for a few days, and Jacobs did an amazing job with the arboretum. I am old, and lately have been feeling less than myself. I find it difficult to move from room to room, and often spend days sitting in the same spot, staring at the stars and playing games on the console.
As such, I feel the need to give you a bit of a rundown, so you dont have to spend time digging through the files. You have more pressing matters to attend to.
We hit an asteroid stream one year ago. It was undetected by our systems. Unfortunately, they were made by an alien race  a weapon of some sort that we didnt recognize. The attack did severe damage to our shielding system, although it still holds. It was decreased to 12 percent  a critical level, but immediately after we flew by the stream, I woke up Thompson and Davies and they managed to fix most of the equipment. That brought the shields back up to 83 percent.
A fit of coughing interrupted his explanation. Hollands eyes creased in compassion as she watched him hack and try to clear his throat. 
During the alien asteroid stream, we also lost power in Corridors 3, 5, and 7. Those were coffin rooms. We lost a lot of good people. I am sorry. We held a service and taped it  watch video log 11137.
Currently we are three weeks out from the planet. My instructions were to wake you at two weeks, but I am afraid I will die first, and I am the last one. Jacobs died last night. 
Hawkings moved out of the view of the camera to show a still body lying on the floor behind him.
Were in the secondary pilot chamber and I cant move him. 
Holland let out a gasp. It was too much. Her emotions were overriding her logic and it felt as though a giant weight had settled on her shoulders.
Anyway, Im coming to wake you up, now. I hope I can stay alive long enough to actually talk to you. I have missed you so much, little sister. Whatever happens, I want you to know that I love you and am so proud of you. Keep it up, Holland, and good luck.
Holland collapsed into tears and sobbed herself into a temporary and debatably-needed sleep.







Maxwell reached downtown much sooner than anticipated. He sat down on a bench to watch the people go by.
Look at them all, he said to Maddy. They have no idea whats about to happen  no idea at all.
You cant see the future either, Maddy said.
I am still different, though. I have a special ability to, not see the future exactly, but to understand it. 
Maddy nodded. That makes sense. You are an amazing person!
A broad smile crossed his features. I knew you would understand, he whispered. You always do.
A street vendor walked by selling morning donuts. 
Excuse me, sir, Maxwell called.
Hello, there, the vendor replied.
I would like two of those, one for me and one for my beautiful friend, here. He gestured to the air behind him.
Of course, Mr. Dippings. The vendor nodded politely to Maxwell and then said, Looking lovely today, Ms. Maddy.
Maxwell beamed, and paid for the two donuts. You have a nice day now!
He offered a donut to the beautiful woman walking beside him. 
I think since we are early, Maxwell said, waving to the vendor and walking down the sidewalk, perhaps we shall go look for the key before our meeting. This will save time later on.
It is on the way, Maddy replied.
Youre right! It is on the way, so it makes sense anyway.
This part of town was largely filled with shops. Yofsteks Slumgum and the Boollery Toy Store were two of his favourites, and he tipped his hat to the curators of William Oliphant, bookseller, and Petes Clocks. 
Maybe we can stop by the new candy store on our way home, Maddy, if its not too late, he said. Maddy loved candy.
Slowly, the quaint shops turned into brick and metal office buildings and corporate headquarters. He led Maddy right up to The Globe.
Welcome to the Globe, Maddy! he said. The most famous building on the planet!
Its so tall! she exclaimed.
He followed the sidewalk towards the main entrance, but veered off through the grass towards the gardens which surrounded the building. These gardens are always so nice and well-kept, he said. Although, I feel that the money might be better spent on housing for the poor.
Tall bushes rose up around him as he stepped into the garden. Brightly coloured flowers lined the path, and small and large statues hid among the foliage.
John always hides his key in a different place, he continued, walking towards the fountain in the main part of the garden, but usually there is always one in a fountain somewhere.
The main fountain hosted a sculpture of a giant man holding a well-placed pitcher. On his head he wore a hedgehog. Maxwell began to feel along the edge of the pool, looking for the loose stone that housed the key. Maddy stayed back to keep watch.
Excuse me, a man said, stepping out from behind the man and the hedgehog.
Maddy shrieked.
Maxwell gasped. What were you doing hiding behind that there statue? Now youve startled Maddy!
Who is Maddy?
Maxwell frowned and turned towards her. Dont be rude! Shes standing right here!
I see. The man raised one eyebrow.
What do you want? Maxwell asked haughtily.
Well, my name is Rock and I am head of security here at the Globe. I noticed that you appear to be looking for something. Can I help you?
Oh, probably not. Maxwell swallowed and looked back and forth from the fountain to the Globe building. He couldnt give away his plan, not when he was so close. I seem to have lost my my His eyes lit on the statue. my hedgehog.
Oh really. Rock gestured towards the nearby fountain. Does your hedgehog habitually hide in fountains?
Oh, ha ha, Maxwell pretended to laugh. Hedgehogs are funny creatures, arent they? Arent they, Maddy?
Maddy nodded. Yes, they are!
He turned back to the security guard and gave his head a definitive nod. See? Maddy agrees.
Rock frowned slightly in Maddys direction. Well, I dont mean to be rude, but this is government property. You either need to be an employee, or signed in as a visitor. If you sign in with our front desk then I will be glad to help you look for your lost hedgehog myself.
Oh, no, no, its no problem. Hes probably run home! Maxwell said. He could feel himself getting agitated and anxious. All of this lying was hard work. Hedgehogs are sneaky little creatures. I will just be going then, wont I? Since I dont see him here. Maddy, come along.
Well, okay then, Rock said. Next time he runs away, just come sign in at the desk and you can look for him all you want.
Thank you, sir, Maxwell said, and, grabbing Maddys hand, walked rapidly out of the gardens.








Kaia followed John around the corridors of the Globe, watching him stomp and mutter as he passed different rooms. Occasionally a scientist would stop him to ask a question or make a suggestion, and John would give a cursory nod or a long-winded reply, depending on his interest in the subject.
One man stopped and looked at Kaia for a moment.
Shes fine, John said, before the man launched into some explanation about rocket fuel. 
After he left, she asked, Am I allowed to know everything that goes on around here? She was surprised that no one felt the need to whisper about their projects or was concerned that a stranger was listening in.
No, but you have pretty high clearance, John replied. Youre working in the Door Room, and its nearly impossible to control everything that comes through the Doors. As a result, anyone that works in there has to be able to keep a secret.
Whats the biggest secret Im allowed to know about? Kaia asked, curious.
John pursed his lips for a second. Probably the Whelk.
The one that landed on Septimar?
Yes.
Oh. Kaia frowned. I know all about that already.
No, you know what they tell you, John answered, still striding forward at a rapid pace. You dont actually know what you think you know.
So whats the secret? she asked.
We will discuss that in time, he replied, but for right now, I have work to do!
They rounded a corner in the hall, and John abruptly stopped in front of a doorway. He turned to Kaia.
I have to teach, because I am a teacher.
Kaia nodded. What would you like me to do?
Sit in on the class, of course! He straightened his tie and buttoned his jacket. You dont need to always sit in on classes, as you mostly know everything I will be teaching, but I may ask you to some days. This is one of those days. It will happen more often in the beginning, while youre still meeting people and getting the lay of the land. I think youll enjoy it, though. Im an excellent teacher.
Kaia grinned. She had seen some of his public lectures at different universities and also on television. He was an excellent speaker and both entertaining and informative.
She followed John into a classroom where six students sat, chatting quietly. The room was large, round, and painted like a cold, rocky beach. Strange-looking iridescent bulbs swung from the ceiling, creating an unusual atmosphere.
Who can tell me what a Door is? John asked, striding to the center of the room as the students fell quiet. 
Kaia slipped into a seat in the back of the room, as one of the other students muttered to himself, Seriously, does he think were dumb? She turned and frowned at him.
Stewart. John pointed at another student who held his hand in the air.
A Door is an inter-dimensional object which allows matter to traverse great lengths of space with only a very small amount of energy, he stated clearly.
Thank you, said John, for providing us with the textbook definition. But the textbook definition doesnt apply here. We are working with a scientific phenomenon, the likes of which have never been seen before. Id like you all to meet Kaia, our newest intern. All the students in the class turned to look at her. Kaia, please tell us: what is a Door?
Well she said slowly, thinking carefully, a Door is literally a door, except that rather than allowing your physical body to move from one space to another in close proximity, it allows you to move from one room to another room which may be zero or hundreds or billions of miles away. Its like a bridge over huge oceans of space.
A bridge  perfect. A Door is a bridge! John turned and drew a picture of a bridge on his teaching tab. It appeared on the wall behind him. So a bridge takes you from one side of a river or a gorge or a chasm to the other, correct? His eyebrows began dancing around his forehead. Kaia stared at them, fascinated.
But what if
The student who had muttered to himself when Kaia came in, interrupted John in a very straightforward manner: Mr. John. The Doors are so different than anything weve ever seen before  scientifically speaking  in a new science, hypotheticals just dont make sense.
John frowned. Kaia decided that she didnt like it when John frowned. The expression didnt quite seem to fit on his face.
First of all, Boris, John began. His voice sounded harsh; it almost had a metallic ring. Doors have been around for longer than this planet has been colonized. It is not a new science. While the government spreads the propaganda that Door travel is illegal and unsafe, here we are traveling through Doors every single day without harm. In fact, there are Doors all over this planet in peoples homes, basements, freezers  and they know about them. And we know about them. Its not rare, its not new.
Secondly, you should always apply hypotheticals to science  old or new! How are we supposed to ever think of new things if we never allow ourselves to think outside the box? There are many ways to think outside the box, and hypotheticals are one very useful method that nearly everyone can follow. 
John stopped talking and stared at Boris.
Boris shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He didnt meet Johns eyes.
Kaia raised her hand. So, if we know so much about them, what is left to hypothesize?
Excellent question, John replied, removing his glare from Boris and turning a smile towards Kaia. And the answer is, apparently, a lot.
He turned and looked at the bridge. As I was saying, a bridge takes you from one side of the river to the other. But what if the bridge took you from one side of the river to three other sides of the river? Or three different places on the river?
Kaia frowned. You mean like it splits in the middle once you go through?
Exactly! John straightened his tie with an unconscious gesture. It splits! Youve all seen those massive highway systems that the people on Earth like to build, right? Giant concrete structures which are so huge they are barely comprehensible, massive feats of engineering which allow you go any number of directions without seeming to leave the road, even though the signs indicate that you are moving from one road to another.
Would there be signs inside the Doors? another student asked.
That, Felicia, my favourite tree-hugging biologist, John answered, is where cognitive mathematics comes into play!
The group of students groaned. 
Did anyone in here pass cognitive mathematics? 
Kaia raised her hand. Barely, she said. Only two other students raised their hands.
Why is cognitive mathematics so hard? John asked the group.
Stewart raised his hand. Because its like trying to do brain surgery on yourself.
Excellent analogy! John gave an excited hop. Its just like brain surgery! He looked over at Kaia. Kaia, why do you think its so hard?
She took a deep breath, as formulas from her last cognitive mathematics class began to flood into her brain. I dont think it is hard as much as it is weird. You have to take the way a person thinks and translate it into a series of numbers, and put them into prediction formulas. If you get it right, and apply the math to yourself, its almost like looking into the mirror and seeing the future you. Its weird... Kaia shrugged, and then looked around the class, hoping someone would jump in and help. I think its so hard to learn because there is something in our brain that wont let us. It works just fine without us knowing what and how were going to think next.
John erased the bridge on his teaching tab and began to scribble numbers and formulas. What if you used Abramsons formula for psychological prediction? 
Kaia watched as the massive, never-ending formula appeared on the wall. 
and combined it with the Peach Normative Theory of Spatial Sequencing
A few of the students began to scribble rapidly in their notebooks. Boris groaned loudly and Kaia stared at the wall, her jaw hanging open.
and then added Falmouths Coefficient I hope you like math and ended with Annas Function of Round
Kaias brain seemed to vibrate as she absorbed all the numbers and variables and symbols, fitting them together in her mind like a confusing and frustrating puzzle.
That cant be real! she exclaimed. If a Door like that existed, it wouldnt just take you to three places, it would take you to... to... a million! Billion! As many Doors as existed in the universe! And it would be a traffic control nightmare because all other Doors would lead back to it!
John looked up from his teachers tab. A smile slowly blossomed over his face as he listened to Kaia stutter.
You, my lovely intern, he said, are a genius.
He walked over to her desk and reached out his hand. She shook it in a daze, her mind still analyzing and restructuring the numbers and formulas in front of her, thinking that she must have made a mistake.
Not as much of a genius as me, of course, John added, as he walked back the front of the room, because I figured it out first.
All at once, a flurry of murmurs arose from the students in the room.
Is this possible...?
How was this discovered? What what are the consequences?
Does the government know?
We are the government.
This is ridiculous! Boris roared over the noise. How can you expect us to believe that this actually exists?
Look at the math! Kaia jumped out of her seat and strode to the front of the room. She began to pound her finger against the wall. Its right there in front of you! It would be easy to build with this formula... well, not easy, but its certainly plausible!
I want proof! Boris demanded. None of us can sit here and do that math in our heads! Do the problem  prove it! Or Ill walk out and tell the whole world.
First of all, John said raising his hands. The class quieted and Kaia scooted back to her seat. You wouldnt get that far. Our new head of security is quite good. He found all my hidden keys. Every single one. Secondly, no one would believe you. The average citizen of Pomegranate City hasnt even heard of cognitive mathematics and they would think you were just trying to cause trouble. Which, obviously, you were. And thirdly, if you did that, you would be arrested and stuck in jail for the rest of your life on charges of treason. I suggest you just sit back and learn, and try to be a little less stubborn.
Boris slouched down in his seat. Of course, Mr. John. My apologies. Kaia noticed that he was gritting his teeth and snapping a rubber band against his wrist. She wished she understood non-verbal communication better.
John turned to the rest of the class. I think its almost time... for you to have lunch! Go eat. Except Kaia. You come with me. Someone have a pretzel for me! Now go!
The rest of the class cheered and packed up their things, while Kaia rapidly scribbled the formula in her notebook so she could double check later to make sure she had memorized it correctly. This was turning into a very interesting day. 







Kaia stood, gazing at Johns office for the first time.
It was a massive room with five walls; the desk squatted in the center like a giant turtle. In fact, it was a giant turtle with four elephants standing on its shell. A giant disk lay across the backs of the elephants  this disk seemed to be the surface of the desk. 
The walls were painted a soft green, and the floor was tile. An entire tree appeared to grow out of one wall and beautiful paintings hung everywhere, including the ceiling. One was a school of freshwater whales chasing after a freshwater, underwater bird; another was a winter snow on a small cabin in the woods; a third was of three small girls playing in a pool; the fourth was black with green squares which had a hundred tiny elephants painted in each. Kaia deduced that he must like elephants quite a lot.
Its beautiful! Kaia said.
I just had it redecorated, John replied, grinning. I had calculated the volume of my old desk so many times I just couldnt take it anymore. Im still trying to measure this one accurately. Havent had time to do it properly.
Whats that? Kaia pointed to a small shadow box hung next to the window.
Oh, thats my magic pencil! John replied. He walked over to the wall and gazed at it for a moment. Then he looked at Kaia. Not really magic, you understand  just lucky. Sentimental. 
Kaia nodded. We all have stuff like that, she said.
He began to rummage in his desk drawer, and pulled out a small box. 
Youll need these, he told her, handing her a pair of old-fashioned 3D glasses.
Why?
Youll see. He pulled out a second pair and slipped them into his coat pocket.
Kaia looked closely at the glasses  one blue lens, one red lens. They werent used anymore; she wondered where he had found them.
John. Quins voice boomed behind her.
Kaia jumped, startled. She hadnt noticed the door opening.
Rock has an interviewee in a bit. He wants to throw a few different tricks at him to see if he breaks under pressure and thought we would start easy first.
Ah, fun! John grinned and his eyebrows began to dance again. I love fun!
A few minutes later, they all stood around Rocks desk in the room with all of the screens. It was like looking through the multi-faceted eyes of a kry-ma bug that was looking through the windows of every room of the Globe. Kaia carefully kept her eyes averted, so she wouldnt become distracted and miss everything that was being said. A few other security guards in black suits and glasses stood silently in the back of the room; she tried to avoid looking at them as well, particularly because they scared her just a little bit.
I was hoping for two things, Rock stated. One, I would like for you to hide some keys. He held out a handful of keys to John. When I say, go, you run around and hide them. They arent real, obviously.
Easy! John replied.
And Kaia, Rock said, turning to her, I was hoping you would play the role of
a distraction! John finished. Perfect, genius, splendiferous, positively magnificent!
Rocks buzzer buzzed. 
Hes here, said the receptionist.
We should make him wait fifteen minutes, Rock decided. To test his patience. Then well run some tests, and afterwards send him to your office, Quin. You may need to take over at some point too, in case I get called in to deal with Mad Jack. The nurses said he was having a bad day.
No problem, Quin replied.
He looks nice. Kaia shrugged. Arent security guys supposed to look meaner?
All three men turned to look at her.
Sometimes the nice-looking ones are the scariest, Quin replied.
How good are you at flirting? Rock interjected.
Um not very. I dont really date. Kaia made a face. Just that one guy that John doesnt like.
Great. Itll be really awkward then, Rock said. We need you to go out there and just be awkward.
Sit in the seat next to him. Quin pointed at the lobby screen. Even though there are a bunch of seats available.
Hand on his knee, maybe John climbed up on a chair and began to gesture as though he was declaiming. Or glance up from under your eyelashes.
Ask him what hes reading, Rock said.
Hes not reading anything. Kaia crossed her arms. But I guess I can try. Whats the point of this?
Were testing his mettle. Quin clasped his hands behind his back.
What if I end up working with him? Hell think Im a horrible person, she argued. 
No. If hes hired, well explain everything. It will be fine, Rock answered. Now get out there.
Kaia took a deep breath a stomped out of the office. She plopped down in the seat next to the young man, leaned over, and put her hand on his knee.
Look, she whispered, Im supposed to flirt with you to distract you, but I think its stupid and manipulative and unfair, so Im just pretending.
I see. He looked at her. He had nice eyes. I anticipated something like this. 
If youre any good, Im sure youll do fine on the interview. She moved her hand in a circle on his knee and smiled a little. Also, theyre watching.
I assumed as much. And thank you for the vote of confidence. He sat up straighter, smiled, and reached out his hand. Im Clyde Brothard.
She removed her hand from his knee and shook his. Im Kaia.
Would you like a business card?
Thanks! She looked at it closely. It was black and said, Clyde, Security Services.
I had better get going. Good luck on your interview!
Thanks! He smiled at her and leaned back in his seat.
Thats lame, John was saying as she strode into the room. He frowned slightly. He just gave you a business card.
I think it was perfectly professional of him. Kaia replied, crossing her arms.
I have to agree. Rock crossed his arms as Quin strode from the room. As soon as Quin reached out to take Clydes hand, he said, Were a go. John, please go hide the keys. Kaia, stand behind the curtain over there.






After Kaia left, Clyde tried hard to keep his face from showing any emotions. He thought using a girl was a cheap trick on an interview, but after a moments thought he remembered that in one of his history of security classes his professor had included an entire unit on women who were able to sneak into high-level buildings by using their wiles. This was a government facility, so it probably made sense. He hoped he had passed this test, but felt a little bad for Kaia, that they would make her do that.
He looked up as a tall, muscular man walked towards him.
The names Quin Black, he said. Sorry to keep you waiting.
Clyde stood and took Quins hand. Clyde Brothard. He nodded. Heres my business card, and a copy of my resume.
Thank you, Quin replied. Follow me, please.
Clyde followed Quin into a room filled with screens. A short gentleman stood in front of him, hand extended.
My name is Rock, he said, and I am head of security here at the Globe. Before we begin, I would like for you to fill out some quick paperwork. He handed Clyde an envelope. 
Of course, sir, Clyde responded politely. He took a deep breath to calm his pounding heart; Ivanna the Bard once said, A calm heart and a calm mind can work together to achieve the goals of the soul, so he took another deep breath and willed his beating heart to slow. He smiled at Rock and glanced at the screens.
A gentleman in a nice grey suit and rather interesting tie appeared on the screen that looked out on the back lawn. He put his face close, winked, and then the camera went dead. 
Oh good grief, Rock said. Not again. He sighed and shook his head. You can sit right here and complete this paperwork. Ill be back in a few moments  I just need to deal with a small issue. Quin?
The two men disappeared. 
Clyde opened the envelope and removed the piece of paper inside. It was blank. He frowned and flipped it over. There was nothing on the back either. Holding the piece of paper up to the light, spitting on it, and scribbling on it with an invisible ink revealer all revealed nothing. So, Clyde glanced at his watch, leaned back in his chair, and began to watch the security screens.
The screens, unlike the paper, revealed a very interesting scene. The winking man ran about from location to location, while Rock ran after him just a bit behind. After a while, Rock caught the man and began to bring him back towards the building. Suddenly, the man wrenched himself from Rocks grasp and bolted off the property. Rock threw his hands up in the air and came back towards the building.
Clyde reached out for the piece of paper and carefully folded it. He pulled a knife from his pocket, cut a few holes, and then unfolded it, revealing a snowflake. He then wrote in neat letters, I saw the whole thing, folded it back up, and slipped it into the envelope. Then Rock entered the room, breathing heavily. 
Well, said Rock, I chased him off. But it turns out he was hiding keys to the building all over the property. He held up a small silver key which was nearly engulfed by his large hand. I dont know how he got them or how many he hid, but I need to go find them. Care to help?
 Sure, Clyde replied. He counted along with the beating of his pulse and stood, leaving the envelope on the table.
Rock led Clyde out into the gardens behind the Globe. I dont think he hid any of the keys off the property. Lets split up  well spend twenty minutes or so looking and find as many as we can, then well finish up the interview and Ill review the security tapes to find the rest.
Great. Clyde nodded firmly. As soon as Rocks back had turned, he let himself grin just a little bit. This was fun.
As Rock ran towards the front of the building, Clyde closed his eyes and imagined a grid. He hovered over the garden, and pictured the screens as mapping to each square of the imaginary grid, and began to run the screen footage like a film on the back of his eyelids.
The man hadnt hidden any of the keys in the front. The first hiding place was: the small fountain.
As he moved towards the fountain, Clyde set up a rhythm in his head one, two and three, four and five and stepped carefully to the beat. Maintaining a beat, Ivanna the Bard had said, will allow the learner or the learned to stay in tune to his knowledge and understanding by creating a pattern upon which all other things may be learned and remembered.
The fountain housed three keys: one in the water, one under a loose stone, and one balanced on the statue in the fountains centerpiece which was shaped like a water swallow dive-bombing a squirrel. There were two keys by the statue of the man with a hedgehog, one under each big toe. He found four keys under bushes, three under seemingly random stones, and another six in and around the fence that ran across the back of the property; it wasnt a very big garden, but it was beautifully landscaped. Big, pink, cloud-like flowers floated amid a sea of dark green leaves. A few little white flowers dotted the spaces in between. He found it very appealing.
Stopping for a moment, Clyde looked around. Rock was nowhere to be found. He must have still been looking in the front. 
Clyde closed his eyes again, and let himself float over the grid map of the garden. He knew there was a pattern. He could feel it blending with his own rhythm. If someone were hiding more than one key, it must be because they knew that most of them would be found. That meant that there would be a pattern  so the keys could easily be found  and then a final key hidden outside the pattern.
He began to play the security screen footage again. The man ran to the fountain and the statue, to the three bushes and random stones and then Clyde saw it: a figure eight. That meant there were still a few hidden. He strolled over to a large bush carefully pruned into the shape of a mercenary holding a bag of gold and a large spear. Sure enough, he found a key hidden in the bag of gold. The other three pruned bushes  a large bottle of medicine labeled Rx, a rabbit with a top hat, and a donut-shaped planet, probably a bush version of Sagitta  proved to contain three more keys. That meant that there was probably only one left.
He pressed his fingers to his temple. Had the man gone anywhere that was not located within the figure eight? The drinking fountain. Clyde strode over to the public drinking fountain. He looked in it, around it, even underneath it. No key. He frowned. It was a standard drinking fountain, shaped like a sphere with a little button about the size of a cassette tape, that when pushed, caused water to shoot out of the spigot. The sphere was about one foot off the ground with the water pipe visible and then disappearing into the ground.
Im thirsty, he thought, and pressed the button. It didnt move. He pressed it again. It still didnt move. He grinned a little and carefully removed the cover. There was the key, shoved between the cover and the sensor. Brilliant. No one would ever find that. Except him.
He slipped the last key into his pocket, took a drink, and walked casually back to the building.
Rock was waiting in the office. He glanced at his watch. Perfect timing. I was just coming in for a break!
I found the keys. Clyde reached into his pocket and dropped the twenty keys on Rocks desk. 
Impressive! Rocks eyebrows rose considerably. You have just done me a great favor. How about we get this interview done with, shall we? Follow me.
The elevator stopped at the thirty-seventh floor.
The next part of your interview is with Quin. Do you remember him?
Yes, sir! Clyde replied.
Good. I am going to meet with a coworker and then Ill catch up with you there. Just go to the end of this hallway and take a right. Its pretty straightforward  you cant get too lost. Tell Quin I will be right there.
Yes, sir. Clyde nodded once and strode confidently down the hall.
He turned the corner and froze.
In front of him lay a shaft. It must have been hundreds of feet deep, straight down into the building. He could see pipes and support beams, and even a few cobwebs. A cool breeze hit his face. But there was something odd about the whole scene.
Clyde pressed his fingers to his temples and imagined the space around him, felt the breeze, counted his heartbeats. Then he realized something: the part of the building he was standing in was a sphere. A shaft would never just go down forever. If it were real, he would be able to see grass and possibly some nicely pruned bushes. It wouldnt be dark, because the sun was out. Not only that, but the breeze appeared to be coming from straight ahead, not blowing up or down. So what should he do? What was the problem with this hallway?
He took three deep breaths and squared his shoulders. It was time to take a literal step of faith. He closed his eyes and stepped forward. His foot  naturally  hit the floor. He opened his eyes and looked down; it was an incredibly disturbing sensation. The graphics of the image on the floor were such a high quality resolution that it really looked as though he was gazing into the depths of a massive shaft  he felt like a cartoon character that was only hovering in the air for a moment before inevitably crashing to his doom. He looked up. The shaft continued into the sky except that he couldnt see the sky.
Shaking his head to ward off the dizzy feeling he turned and strode down the hallway. He knocked on the first door he came to. Kaia answered. She grinned.
You made it. Quins waiting. Come in.
Quin sat at a large wooden desk. In front of it were two chairs. A bookcase leaned against one wall. Other than the furniture and a few books, there was nothing in the office. 
Quin frowned. Clyde stared into Quins eyes and then sat in a chair facing him. 
They sat in silence for twenty minutes, with Kaia watching. She tapped a pencil, twisted her hands, and played with her hair. She was clearly uncomfortable. Clyde only mirrored Quin.
Your resume is weak, Quin said suddenly. He held out a piece of paper which had Clydes name and contact information. Clyde glanced it over and swallowed.
Thats... my old resume. He closed his eyes briefly and then met Quins gaze. My apologies. I must have printed out the wrong one before I left this morning.
I see, Quin replied. Well, it just so happens that as long as your qualifications are correct, it doesnt matter. Good work on the keys and in the hallway.
Oh my goodness, it was amazing! The man that hid the keys popped out from behind Quin. Quin didnt flinch. Im John and you were absolutely incredible! You found all the keys I hid  you even figured out the pattern! Excellent work. And the hallway  those are Smiths LEDs with a MST 45mcs processing computer running the simulation. Realistic, isnt it? And I loved your snowflake! Seven corners! That is nearly impossible! High quality work, young man. 
The door opened and Rock walked in.
You passed the girl test, the written test, the key test, and the hallway test! John continued without taking a breath. So basically, if we dont hire you now its because we have somebody else or were being discriminatory.
If you would like the position, then we will talk pay. Rock reached out his hand.
Thank you, sir! Clyde exclaimed, standing up and taking Rocks hand. I accept.

*******

Paperwork is of the devil, Ivanna the Bard had once said, but without it society will fall.
She had never been so right, Clyde thought, stretching. He sat in front of a large stack of paper in the office of the esteemed Mr. Drake, the man who apparently both ran this entire department and could crush Clyde with a twitch of his finger. Luckily, much of it had included copies for him to take home or were instructions for sections that didnt apply to him.
He was amazed that in a matter of a couple of hours he had interviewed, been offered a job, accepted the job, and filled out his paperwork. At this rate, he would be an expert at working here by the end of the week.
Oh good, youre done. 
Clyde turned to see Rock standing in the doorway. He stepped forward and picked up half of the large stack of papers from the table. 
Great. So what does your availability look like?
Opening his mouth, Clyde barely made out, Well, anytime really before Rock cut him off. 
Can you start right now? Were a bit short-handed.
I have no problem with it, Clyde responded, surprised. I just need to make a phone call.
Sure, Rock said. Ill be back to get you in, say, fifteen minutes?
Clyde nodded as he turned and strode from the room.
As soon as the door swung shut, Clyde pulled out his phone. He let a small smile cross his features as he dialed.
Mom! he said, as soon as she answered. I got the job!
Well, congratulations, sweetie! she congratulated him. That is excellent news.
They want me to start today. That means I have to work late. I dont know when Ill be home.
Thats fine, sweetie, she replied. Ill just have Cindy leave dinner for you in the oven.
There was a brief moment of silence.
Are you still there, Mom?
Im here, just cant believe my baby is growing up so fast.
Was she crying on the other end?
Im not... Clyde sighed. A parent will never give up on the innocence of their child, no matter what the truth may actually be. Okay, Mom. Well, I have to go now.
Bye, sweetheart! Have a great first day at work!
Clyde hung up. He knew in his soul that his mother would never recognize the fact that he had long ago grown up, but he could always hope, couldnt he?
Hope is like cotton candy to a starving man, Ivanna the Bard whispered in the back of his head. He sighed quietly, and sat down to wait for Rock.












PART 2














The universe is a strange place. It is full of holes and curtains, and little tourist shops that seem to appear everywhere selling magnets, t-shirts, and chocolate rocks. When a tourist shop moves (a very rare occurrence, mind you), all of its merchandise experiences a spatial-temporal shift, which causes the names on the items to morph into the name of the current location. The first time Hazels shop moved, she opened and closed her mouth several times, blinked rapidly, and pinched her arms repeatedly.
But no matter what she did, it seemed that one moment she was standing in an empty shop surrounded by a bevy of clothing and useless knickknacks blaring the letters LONDON, and the next moment everything appeared to say ANCHORAGE. This was, for Hazel, a stunning and rather unbelievable occurrence  but, following in the footsteps of her father, she carried on, smile ablaze, and served the next customer that walked in. 
This unusual event happened periodically over the next few years, and by-and-by, she got used to it.
During those quiet days in the shop, while she drank tea and carefully worked on knitting the worlds longest scarf, she would sometimes think back to the first time it happened, with all the confusion, and the ensuing search to find anything to explain the odd change in the shop: alien technology, magical symbols, a secret old book. Was it the death of her father? Was it the changing weather? Had the shop been built on a ley line, and every time the stars aligned in a particular manner, her shop got thrown from one side of the earth to the other? 
Eventually, she decided that there were gods, the kind the Romans used to believe in, and they were playing with her fortune  or rolling the dice, so to speak. She looked for the bright side: she had the opportunity to visit many different places, and make money while doing it; she had the opportunity to meet many people, and make money while doing it; and she felt an excited giddiness every time she found herself in a new world. Also, she didnt have to pay taxes. There were downsides, of course. She had few friends and no community. She didnt date or even have a phone number. And she couldnt pick where her shop decided to take her. It seemed random. It seemed strange.
Then one day, everything changed: she remembered something. 
The memory came when a man walked into the shop wearing a suit. She never learned his name, never spoke to him except to say, $12.91 please, and Have a nice day. But something about him triggered an old, old memory of the man with the strange tie, the man with the funny accent, the man who gave her the rubies. It had been six months after her father died, but before the first time the shop moved.

A strange little smile lit on his lips when he shook her hand.
Hello! he said. Ive brought you a gift. From your father.
He reached a hand into a very strange suit coat. It looked old, a style from Britain in the 1950s, perhaps, but the fabric was new and almost sparkled  it glistened. He wore an unusual tie, as well, with oddly-shaped animals which appeared to be dancing around spikes. His clothes were unlike anything she had ever seen. From his pocket he drew a small box and set it on the counter in front of her.
How did you know my father? she asked.
We were old friends. Your father was an amazing thinker and quite the dreamer! His eyebrows jumped up and down on his face as he nodded eagerly at the box. Open it!
As she picked up the box, she thought for a moment that she saw a glimmer arise from the edge, but when she opened it, the inside was dark; even the velvet lining was black. Two red gems rested on the velvet. She gasped.
Theyre beautiful! she exclaimed. You say theyre from my father?
Yes, maam! the gentleman replied. He left them with me and I did not receive word of his death until recently. I am very sorry for your loss.
Its been over six months since he died, Hazel said, looking up. After a moments thought, she supposed there were plenty of people that might not have heard. The pain was so real for her, though, it was hard to imagine everyone else wasnt feeling it too.
Yes, I know. Ive been... He paused, frowned for a moment, and then stated, ...traveling. Yes, thats it!
His hesitation made Hazel think that he wasnt being quite truthful with her.
So by traveling... you mean not traveling? She raised an eyebrow.
That is beside the point. The man gestured towards the box. These are special earrings. You dont put them on your ears, you put them in your ears. Like, you know, inside... he pointed into his ear.
Why? Hazel made a face. They were pretty and they were rocks  two reasons why she wouldnt put them in her ears.
Well... Then the gentleman began to talk very rapidly: Theyre-specially-designed-to-help-translate a-variety-of-other-languages-using-the-science-of-brain-chemistry-and-cognitive-mathematics, and-I-think-you-should-try-them-next-time-you-move-to-a-new-place. I have to go now.
Then, before Hazel could even begin to process what he had said, he had turned on his heel and bolted from the store.
She tried them a few weeks later. Spanish to English. French to English. Dutch to English. It was incredible. The only problem was that they didnt translate her words back. But they still helped.

Today, strange as it was, had started out as a normal day. She swept the floor and neatened the racks of sweatshirts, all the while dreaming about the vast expanse of the universe, and wondering about the myriad of things that might exist out there: dragons and dwarves, alien races shaped like light bulbs, planets made of enormous diamonds, civilizations built entirely on fleets of spaceships she never got tired of imagining everything that could be. She wiped down the counter, and even pulled everything out of the cash drawer to make sure nothing got stuck or was hiding in the back. Then, her mind full of thoughts about the wonders of the universe, she headed into the back room.
When she came back into the shop, everything was different, and everything said Whelk. And for the first time, she didnt know what that meant.
Outside the windows, it was dark. She walked over to get a closer look.
There must be a sign, she muttered, squinting. Oh, theres one!
It read, Authorized Personnel Only Beyond This Point.
Are we in a mall? she asked herself. It seemed awfully dark for a mall. And dreary. There were no lights or emergency lights, no people, no fake trees. Only the sign.
She opened the door and cautiously stepped out. It was a long hallway, expanding in both directions. Everything was grey and metal. It all seemed very industrial. She glanced again at the sign: this time, where there were letters before, they were now strange symbols which she couldnt read or understand.
Gasping, Hazel took a step back, and then another and another, until she stumbled back into the shop, still gasping for breath and crying a little. 
It doesnt feel like home, anymore, she whispered to herself. It doesnt feel like home.
Later, when she thought back on this moment, it seemed odd that the location of her shop was what made it feel like home, and not the shop itself, but at that moment, she was overcome with shock, and headed into the back room to have a shot of wonderful, wonderful whiskey.
The back room had a warm feeling: an orange rug adorned the floor, strings of beads hung down the walls, and she had an extraordinary number of hats, each of which she loved equally. They had a life of their own; each had a name and was unique in character and appearance. A couch and two chairs sat in the corners, and a reddish lamp made the room glow crimson. On the far wall was a large cupboard. Here she kept everything from extra toothpaste and deodorant, to hooks and nails and other useful tidbits, to souvenirs that she had purchased all over the world. It always amused her  a tourist shop owner that collected souvenirs. But these souvenirs didnt change when the shop moved; it proved that she had been to the many places her shop had taken her.
She pulled a large bottle of whiskey from the cabinet and poured herself a glass. 
There were decisions to be made. She could 1) stay here until she grew old and died or someone came to tell her where she was, 2) explore, or 3) drink herself into oblivion and deal with the problem later. After another shot, she realized she could also put more effort into searching for whatever mechanism it was that caused the shop to move, and then maybe drive home, but the chances of finding anything seemed rather slim.
Wandering back into the front room, she peered through the window at the dark hallway. For all she knew, her shop was some kind of spaceship and she had landed on a planet very far away. Or maybe it was a time machine and she was seeing the future. Or, she pondered, maybe she was in an asylum and none of this was real.
Almost in response to her last thought, she caught a glimpse of something white out of the corner of her eye, near the end of the hallway. She moved to the door, opened it, and peered down the hall. 
It was a monkey  a little brown monkey with a long white mustache, a pink nose, and a cute tongue that kept flicking in and out of its mouth. And it was looking at her.
Hazel ran back into the store, closed and locked the door, sat down on the floor, and began to cry.






John was giddy  at least, Kaia assumed he was giddy. She had only known him a few hours, but his excitement, although contagious, seemed a bit excessive. She felt that she ought to be more excited than him; after all, she was the one who had just received one of the most prestigious internships in the world.
Dont worry, Quin said.
She jumped and gasped. I didnt know you were there! She was startled. He was walking behind her as silently as a timorous cat, the kind from the desert region. 
My apologies, he said.
What were you saying? She turned to look at him.
Dont worry about John being so hyper. His favourite thing  probably in the universe  is to show people this room. Its his pride and joy.
He didnt make it, did he? she asked.
No I didnt! John cut in delightedly. But Im in charge (more or less) so its like its mine! And Ive made some significant changes to improve safety and efficiency, and basically, its the bats eyes!
Bats eyes? Kaia raised her eyebrows.
Yeah, you know... the beamels leer? The crasatons tail? The pop lizards tongue? The bees knees?
Oh, you mean its neat. She nodded in understanding.
John released a loud sigh. We need to work on your vernacular!
They rounded a corner and saw Rock and Clyde standing there, waiting. A couple of other security guards in their black sunglasses stood a ways behind them.
Need to get rid of those glasses, Kaia heard Quin mutter. Annoying.
Heres the man of the hour! John announced, gesturing to Clyde. Ready to join the tour?
Kaia shuffled her feet a little, still feeling a bit embarrassed about the role she had played during Clydes interview.
There you are, Rock responded, crossing his arms. I was about to page you on the intercom.
Youre so impatient, John replied in a scolding tone of voice.
Im not going in. I have work to do. Bring Clyde back to me when youre done with him. Rock turned and began to stride away from the group with the other security guards close behind.
John faced Clyde and rubbed his hands together, grinning. Well, he said, this is going to be fun!
Kaia raised her eyebrows in mild concern as John bounded past him and headed for the end of the hallway.

*******

The room was huge and had far more people in it than Kaia had imagined. When she had first learned about this legendary room  literally legendary, as there was much debate about whether or not it actually existed  she had imagined a largely empty room with wisps of uncertainty that sort of tickled the corner of your eye when you gazed around, accessible only to the greatest and most secretive branches of the government. After a short moment of reflection on the scene before her, however, Kaia realized that the imagined scenario didnt make a whole lot of sense, and the actual scenario was much more logical.
People bustled here and there, running back and forth with papers and baskets  and a giant horse pulling a cart thundered through a Door at the back of the room. Doors were lined up neatly in rows; she counted at least fifteen to a row, but since the room was round, some of the rows appeared to have more or fewer in them. Each Door was outlined by a neatly painted frame, and a name appeared on a sign over it. Ambassadors came and went through them, and assistants handed them baskets and documents and scribbled-on pieces of paper. One man yelled for his wife over the commotion of the room, and she, struggling to contain her large, voluminous skirts, scrambled to avoid the other people in the room while getting to her husband as quickly as possible. There were men, women, children, travel animals, wares, and suitcases  even birds!
The room was a veritable madhouse.
Officially we call it Vrata Soba. John gestured around to the wild collusion of chaos. We are also pushing legislation to enlarge the facility, and possibly move it off world. As you can see, it creates a great amount of liability for not only the government, but quite possibly the entire planet. If it were off-world, we could contain it a bit more.
But... but... this room is a legend! Kaia exclaimed. I took an entire class centered around the theory that this room was propaganda created several centuries ago by the Pomegranate City legislature to make themselves look more powerful, but when it failed to work they instead covered it up, which in essence achieved what they were going for in the first place.
Ah yes, the Phantom Conspiracy. The theory that Doors are invisible and all around us... that the government has the science and money to create them at will... and simultaneously doesnt. John grinned. Its all a load of hogswaggle, quite frankly, and I hope you didnt take any of it to heart or Ill be offended.
Of course not! Kaia shook her head. Theres no evidence for anything!
Good girl. John patted her on the shoulder. The reason there is so much secrecy around this room is that we dont want people off and on different planets without regulation. Its a dangerous thing having these Doors sitting here. Diseases, parasites, predators, airborne biological contaminates, biological weapons, insane madmen, poisonous gases even weeds could cause huge issues for our planet. And not just our planet, but all planets. Its the ultimate opportunity for cross-contamination.
You mean like famine, drought, plague, dead people, Clyde offered. People mutating and creating new species.
Kaia started. She had forgotten he was there.
Precisely. And clearly we want none of those. John began to stride forward. Desks lined the walls of the room, and there were regular doors at even intervals along the curved walls. The regular doors lead to rooms with more Doors, but they are specialized locations that need extra security. Dont go in those rooms.
A woman with glasses and her hair pulled back in a tight bun strode up to them with an attitude of impatience and focus. A scowl seemed to have taken up residence on her face more or less permanently, according to the wrinkles around her eyes. John, she stated bluntly. Caverty is missing. Again. We think he slipped through the Expialma Door and is hiding out with that woman with the third arm. Unfortunately, shes hiding behind an army, which is currently fighting a war on either side of our Door. So we cant go and get him. Hes a liability. A missing liability who might die. And if he doesnt die there, he might not survive here, once I get my hands on him.
Oh, blast, John said, shaking his head and tightening his tie. That is why we cant have people buying their way into this profession. Get his dad on the line, and write up a report for Drake and Tom. If anything changes, let me know immediately.
Kaias eyes were wide as she listened to the exchange.
Isnt that something Rock should be informed of? Clyde asked. Doesnt that represent a huge threat to the building and our government?
This is not an unusual thing, John said, turning to face Clyde. Employees become overwhelmed with the immensity of their responsibilities, and sometimes run off. As you can see, that is easy to do here. Caverty was an employee for us a number of years ago, but we had to fire him because he was having relations with, well, you heard, the woman from Expialma. Caverty is a Ruthitan from the planet Planzge. We like to have at least one of them on staff at all times, as they are highly intelligent and have positive relations with many different civilizations. Unfortunately, they have a particular inclination to run away, looking for adventure or some nonsense. Last time this happened, we revisited the policy, and this time will probably push legislation change. If he takes action, he becomes an immediate security liability and at that point we inform Rock.
Clyde nodded, understanding. I understand, but it seems it might be valuable for security purposes to have the information sooner, so we can plan in advance of this gentleman taking action.
Kaia-kee, write that down and Ill bring it up with Rock.
This is incredible, Kaia said, pulling a notepad from her bag to scribble a note to remind John about security detail later. How many places do you have access to from this room?
We can currently travel to three-hundred-twenty-seven other planets, and have access to another six which are dangerous or not recommended for various reasons. That allows us access to billions of people, millions of races, and thousands of civilizations. The statistics are mind-boggling. John was waving his hands in circles as he became more and more excited. Not only that, but we provide a means for a lot of merchants to sell their wares to other civilizations, so naturally we charge a toll. We make more off our toll  which is pretty small related to most of the income of those we work with  in one year than we make in an entire decade from taxes here in Pomegranate City. 
Thats incredible! Kaia was thrilled. All the science she had ever studied, all the math that she had absorbed into her over-excitable brain, and all of the most amazing surprises in the world could not have prepared her for this room. Doors that led to hundreds of other planets, people from thousands and tens of thousands of other cultures  babies, men and women, animals, foods  so much to learn and see and
What is that? she gasped, slapping one hand over her mouth and pointing with the other.
John pulled her hand down and placed a finger over his mouth. Hush! he exclaimed. And dont point. Its rude. His name is Deidrick and he is extremely kind  one of our most influential ambassadors.
But... but...
The individual under scrutiny was none other than a giant, snow-coloured, long-haired bear. In addition, he was wearing boots and a hat, and walking on all fours  the boots were, indeed, on all four of his feet? Paws?
He is beautiful, Kaia conceded, still staring. Then, as she watched, a group of blue men wandered through a Door. At once, her eyes started picking up irregularities of all sorts within the people mingling in the crowd. One man was twice as tall as everyone else in the room. A group of oddly-clad women were actually covered with fur. Two young women in lab coats appeared to be talking to lizards, and the blackest man she had ever seen suddenly vanished into a puff of smoke. That elicited a mild reaction from the workers nearby, as they rushed to cluster around an ashy circle on the floor. After a moment, one of them reached down and picked up what appeared to be a very, very tiny version of the man who had been standing there at full size only a minute before.
Kaia gasped. Is that normal? she asked.
John laughed. Yes. Its an effect were studying. It only happens to his species, as far as we know. When they come through a Door, they engage this sort of phoenix effect. You know what a Phoenix is?
Its some kind of, um, elephant, I think, on Earth that explodes when theres a full moon. And then a new elephant egg emerges from the ashes of the deceased elephant. Some sort of um, religious reincarnation theory, I think. Kaia clutched her notebook tightly to her chest. Was that close?
John laughed. Its a bird, not an elephant, but you get the gist. So this species  theyre called Steekards  they turn into ash when they go through a Door. Its a really weird phenomenon. Then they reappear, really tiny, but they never really disappeared in the first place. They got really small instead. And over the next twenty-four hours they expand back to their normal size. Its a pretty painful process, I gather, so they try not to do it too much. But they really want to understand it and possibly learn to combat it, so weve had quite a few volunteer test subjects.
Is it like travel sickness? Like, Door travel sickness? Kaia asked.
No, Door sickness is an entirely different thing, and altogether unpleasant, John replied. He clapped his hands once and then gestured to a cluster of young men and women in lab coats. But before we go much farther, let me introduce you to a few people that youll be working with. He turned to Clyde. I think your tour is done. Head up to the main security office. Rock will likely be there.
Yes, sir! Clyde strode confidently back towards the entrance.
Kaia turned towards the group of students John had just pointed out, and watched as he strode up behind them and stuck his head between the shoulders of two working students. 
Hi! he said cheerfully. 
Whoa! one of the students called out. You have got to stop doing that, Mr. John!
John laughed. No I dont! Its too fun! Anyway, Id like for you to meet my new intern, Kaia.
Hi, Kaia, the group chimed. 
Four young adults stood around a short desk, examining a pile of papers and a series of images. Kaia tried to see what they were working on, but one of the girls covered it up.
This is Kenton, John introduced the first young man on the left. Hes the lead on the project they are working on currently  my new Door theory. I think Ill call it He put his finger on his lip. Triple Bridge Theory... or no, no, maybe One Door Cubed Theory.
You cant attach a number to it, Kaia reminded him. Not if in one direction you can go to everywhere.
Ah, good point. John gazed at the ceiling for a moment, and then raised one finger dramatically in the air. Ive got it! he announced. The students leaned in slightly. Infinite Bridge Theory!
One of the students sighed loudly. It was Boris, from class. Everything doesnt have to have a dramatic name, he grumbled. Door Theory 2 would do just fine.
Quit being boring, John said, one eyebrow bouncing up his forehead in irritation. I can fire you for being boring.
Boris scowled.
Anyway, John continued. Obviously you know Boris. These other two lovely ladies are Olivia and Naytiri. Kenton is an expert in physics, Boris
I can tell her myself, Boris interrupted. Im a whiz at biology, specifically Waltons Theory of Regenerative Mitosis and the Campbelly and Restafudd Theorem.
Kaia nodded politely. She had aced those theories in secondary school. She hoped Boris knew more than just that.
Thank you, Boris, John said. One of his eyebrows twitched. Olivia is our primeval biologist
Do these Doors travel in time, too? Kaia gasped. She cleared her mind and pictured a white board, and then began to frantically calculate in her head; her hand began to flap against her leg in a frenzied rhythm, like an interestingly-coloured fish that suddenly found itself transported from its warm and soothing habitat to an awful, dry place where there was no water, no food, and definitely nothing to breathe. In fact, due to the unfortunate location of one Door, this had actually happened to many fish. The fish called it Fish Hell. 
Stop! John slapped her gently on the side of the head. No calculating. Dont you dare figure it out before me. Besides, I need you to focus on what youll be working on. I have geniuses (not as genius as me, of course) working on time theory and I dont need your brain to explode.
Okay! Kaia scowled. Her hand stopped smacking her leg. I was just doing a little math, is all. 
You are not allowed to do math without my permission.
Kaias frown deepened.
Okay, well, not extreme math, anyway. John put his hands on his hips. We wont go any further until you promise.
Just extreme math? Kaia asked. Up to my discretion?
John sighed loudly. I suppose. But I have a say, too.
Hey, are you going to finish introducing us? Kenton interrupted. Because we actually have a deadline, here.
Oh, my apologies. John shook his head once as if to clear it and turned back to the group. Great. Um, this here is Naytiri and shes John glanced at Kaia and hesitated. I probably shouldnt tell you what she does or you might start calculating again.
Im a primordial biologist, Naytiri interjected. We study plants and geologic formations from our respective eras in order to learn more about how different planets evolved or were created.
Kaia gave John a look which said, Im not going to do the same math twice, smiled at Naytiri, and said, Nice to meet you. 
Naytiri smiled and began to skim one of her documents.
So heres whats going to happen, John said. Kenton, you especially pay attention. Im going to take Kaia-kee to show her everything else, introduce her to other people, etc., and then she will be shadowing your group tomorrow. Which is good because, assuming youre all on schedule he paused and gave them a piercing look. No one met his eyes. ...youll be doing a lot of math tomorrow and she can help with that. You will answer all her questions and explain everything youre doing. Understand?
Yessir, Kenton replied. 
Great. John gave a little hop, spun around, and took off towards the center of the melee.
Kaia gave a little wave. Nice to meet you, she said at the group of students, and then ran after John.







It took Maxwell some time to calm down from the incident at the Globe. He had often gone key hunting there, but never been confronted by security. Something must have changed in the building thats what it was. Someone didnt have enough to do.
He began walking slowly towards the residential neighborhood. Soon, he would need to meet with Perla and her people, but before then, he had to come up with another plan for getting in the building. After all, that was his part of the deal.
I cant believe it didnt work! I was just going to grab a key and get out of there, he said to Maddy.
Why didnt you take one a while ago? Maddy asked. He wouldnt have noticed.
Maxwell opened his mouth three times, as if surprised.
I cant believe I didnt think of that! he berated himself. Of course! If I had just taken one of the keys originally, John would have thought that he had forgotten where he hid it and gotten another one. He slapped his forehead with the palm of his hand. Oh well. Theres no use worrying about it now.
He sighed and turned down a narrow alley between two old Earth-Victorian-style houses. This whole neighborhood was built to mimic home designs used by various people on Earth and Velima, and Maxwell found it all to be simply gaudy. Too much frillery, too much colour, and too much nonsense.
He led Maddy up to an old wooden door leading into the basement on their left, and knocked three times.
Go away! a voice replied. 
I cant, Maxwell said. The traffic is too heavy and there might be thugs outside. I would offer to pay you, but I cant afford a bribe.
Its there might be rain outside, not there might be thugs outside, the man inside replied. We changed it last night. Come in.
The sound of sixteen locks being unlatched bled through the wooden door. 
Are you adding locks? Maxwell asked as he stepped into the cellar. 
Perla added three last week, said a husky but rather short man with a red beard and a hat shaped like a cartoon character. He drank chocolate milk out of a carton so small it was nearly invisible amid all of his carrot-sized fingers. He waved his other hand towards the back. You can go on in.
Maxwell planted his feet shoulder-width apart, crossed his arms, and glared at the man. Well, Ralph? he demanded.
Ralph sighed loudly. Hello, Maddy. Its good to see you again.
Thank you, Maxwell said. You need to learn to mind your manners.
Maxwell entered the room, casually ignoring the other individuals seated on boxes, crates, and the floor. One young woman appeared to be homeless. That was Fox. She wasnt actually homeless, they all knew, but she made more money in a day peddling as a blind homeless woman than most make in a year. Lord J stood idly in the back of the room, sipping something out of a wine glass. He dressed in gentlemans clothes and typically wore a hat. No one quite knew what he did. Twelve-year-old Tink sat on the floor in the back, counting money, and nearby Godfrey lay bundled up in old blankets. He was snoring. Tink was the groups best pickpocket, and Godfrey counted cards. There were other members of Perlas crew, but she kept her various cells separate, as far as Maxwell knew.
Wheres Bad Face? Maxwell asked. And Perla?
Theyre on the way, Lord J replied. 
Maddy, Maxwell said. You can sit right there. He gestured to an empty crate.
Fox sniggered. Still got old Maddy following you around. You know you oughta just dump her.
Maxwell scowled at Fox. Maddy is a valuable asset. Its too bad I cant say the same about you!
Bad Face! Ralph called from the other room.
Fox stood up as Bad Face entered the room. Hello there, hunk! she exclaimed. Come sit over here, by me.
The large man with an over-sized belly and a massive tattoo of a pink rabbit on one bicep ignored her, heading instead for Lord J. His skin was a medium brown, and massive scars crisscrossed his entire face, which scowled as if ready to murder every living thing he could find. One eye was entirely missing. He was Perlas bodyguard and assassin. Lord J handed him the half-empty wine glass without a sound.
Hello, my friends, came a womans voice from the doorway. Everyone turned.
Perla! Maxwell growled. Its about time you got here.
She turned towards him, frowning. Have you done as I asked? 
No. The keys have been removed. He gulped, wishing he had thought of a new plan.
One thing! Perla stated angrily. She strode forward, stopping directly in front of him with her hands on her hips. I asked you to do one thing! Well, so be it. I have an additional task, then, to replace the one you failed to do. But first...
She turned to gaze at the group seated around her.
Youre all out.
The group gave a resounding, What?
Out, I said. I only need Bad Face and Lord J for this mission.
And me, Maxwell interjected. 
Of course, Perla said noncommittally. And you. Everyone else  out.
Grumbling, Tink and Godfrey pulled themselves up off the floor. Tink gathered the money she had been counting into her pockets rapidly as she stood. 
Seriously? You dont need me? Fox demanded. I was looking forward to this!
There has been a change in plans, and I am telling you to go. Please dismiss Ralph on your way out the door.
Fox sighed loudly and stomped her way out of the room.
What about Maxwell began, intending to ask about Maddys involvement.
Hush. Perla held up her hand, listening for the sound of the closing door. When it became silent she turned to the three men remaining.
There has been a complication. My son, Clyde, has taken a job at the Globe. We must avoid him at all costs  firstly so that he does not recognize me, and secondly so that he is not injured. Maxwell, did you bring the wig I requested?
Yes! Maxwell reached into his knapsack and pulled out a wig.
Where is it? he asked. Its not here!
Perla frowned. 
Maxwell looked over at Maddy and laughed. Oh there it is, you silly girl. He reached over and removed the wig from her head. Maddy was wearing it, he said to Perla. 
I see. Perla scowled at him and rubbed her forehead. She reached out and took the wig. Thank you. This is hideous. The black wig was a mess, filled with twigs and crumbs, and sorely in need of a comb. But I suppose it will do.
Now, she continued, turning her attention away from the wig. You all have your assignments, but there is still one flaw: getting into the building. I have a potential solution. She faced Maxwell. Do you remember our cousin, Louise?
She had nice hair and made good cinnamon cookies, Maxwell replied.
Yes, that one. Her son is a graduate student, and according to my sources, has managed to land a position within the Globe. I want you to contact him as he is leaving work today and acquire his key. Do you understand?
Yes, Maxwell replied, relieved. Now he had a plan for retrieving a key, and the rest of the day to do it.
We will begin at exactly closing time. You know your orders, Perla finished. Bad Face, stay with me. I may as yet need an assassin before the day is out. She turned her eyes towards Maxwell menacingly. Now get out.






Hazel stopped crying sometime later. She knew her face was red and her nose was red and her eyes were painted with spidery red lines  to go with her hair, she noted wryly. She was somewhere new and weird, but that didnt mean she could act like a baby. If she did that every time she ended up in a new place, shed never be happy! Taking a deep breath, she stood and stretched. At some point, she would need to go exploring. 
She wandered into the back room, its warm oranges and reds calming her and reminding her that this was home, whether she liked it or not. The red jewels were hidden in a box in another box inside a cupboard that was partially behind the couch. She shifted the couch forward, and pulled out the wooden box. After dialing the code for the lock, the lid popped open, revealing another box. This one was an ordinary jewelry box, and the red jewels sat on soft velvet, glittering in the light. She slipped them into her ears.
Next, she dug around in her closet for a backpack, and filled it with water bottles and granola bars.
I think Im ready, she said. The universe awaits.
As she strode confidently into the front of the shop, she began to hum. The first day she had worked up the courage to leave the shop after it moved, and to go explore the city of Anchorage, she had made up the ditty. She called it, The Adventure Song.
She peered through the glass of the front door and then jumped back. 
The monkey was still there, but it was closer. It sat right outside the door, looking at her. It made a chattering noise.
Hi, she said tentatively. Are you friendly?
The monkey hopped a little bit closer and tilted its head sideways.
Hazel giggled. It was really cute  which meant it was likely safe, right?
Slowly, she opened the door of the shop and stepped out. The monkey sat on the floor, just looking up at her. 
Whats your name? she asked, knowing full well that monkeys didnt talk. 
It scampered off down the hallway.
Wait! 
It stopped and looked back at her, and waited. She hurried after it. 
They kept up this routine for quite a while. The monkey would scamper forward, and then look back, as if waiting for her to follow. Hazel kept up a stream of one-sided conversation as they worked their way... somewhere.
This is a very strange place, Hazel said. It doesnt feel familiar at all. It feels really weird. But I dont really know why  its just my gut, I guess. She turned and looked behind them. They had turned several times, but not gone through any doors. She wasnt sure she would be able to find her way back if she had to. I hope you know where youre going, she muttered. Because I sure dont.
She was quiet for a moment, and then her mind began to wander  to her shop, to her dad, to that strange man with the rubies. 
When I discovered that my shop moved, I may have gone into shock for a week or so. I didnt sell anything. I wouldnt let anyone in. She didnt care whether the monkey was listening or not, but it was nice to have another living creature with her in this strange new place. Then I decided I was being stupid and that the least I could do was to make some money. She shrugged. I was really mad at my dad for dying and for leaving me with a shop that I couldnt control.
The monkey rounded another corner in front of her. She skipped ahead a few steps to catch up, and then stopped in surprise as she came around the corner: in front of her loomed a forest!
A set of double doors sat propped open with trees, branches, and ferns pouring out of them. It was a beautiful, lush green and she smiled broadly with excitement. Outside! she exclaimed. Apparently we are somewhere real. A real, real place. 
The monkey dived into the foliage.
No, wait! Hazel called out. Where are you going? Ill never find you in there!
The monkey poked its cute face through the branches and beckoned her to step forward. She ducked under the first branches, and then the monkey dropped down and wrapped around her neck. She smiled, thinking that the monkey was very soft. Then she frowned  it was a very cold monkey at least, colder than she would have expected. 
The monkey pointed forward, and she followed, doing her best to avoid the low-hanging branches. She stepped over logs on the ground, crushed smaller plants as she stomped them down, and got whacked in the face by trees that seemed to want to destroy her.
How much farther are we going? she demanded. Of course the monkey didnt reply; he only kept pointing.
Hazel walked and walked. She was beginning to feel tired and how far away was she from her shop  from home?
When they reached a clearing, the monkey began to make chattering noises. Hazel paused, and for no conscious reason, she looked up.
Above her was a ceiling of windows shaped like octagons and pieced together in a sort of dome. Through it she looked out into the most beautiful sight she had ever seen: the sky. Innumerable stars twinkled in the massive darkness of space that suddenly seemed to weigh on her like a thousand elephants. A closer star burned brightly, but only as brightly as it might look from a distant planet.
I think... Hazel dragged in a few lungfuls of air. I think Im in space.
For a moment, she dragged her eyes away from the marvelous and terrifying sight to look around the little clearing. A bench was propped against a tree and the grass looked as though it had been recently mowed. Then the reality of it all hit her. She was on a spaceship, in space, a million billion miles from anywhere, and she was wandering around the apparently deserted ship following the whims of a monkey. And she began to laugh at the absurdity of it, at the fear, at the terrifyingly real realization that she was completely alone. But perhaps it was worth it. One day, if she didnt die out here, one day she would have quite the story to tell.
The trees on the path were unfamiliar to Hazel. Most were green and looked wonderfully thick and healthy, but some had red outlines on the leaves, and some had solidly silver-coloured leaves. The branches on the trees varied too. Some looked as if they had grown naturally, but others appeared to have been shaped and designed somehow. One tree even looked like it had a face etched into its bark.
She scowled at it, daring it to say anything  or to do anything. Then, remembering the monkey around her neck, she took one more glance at the sky and said, Okay, monkey, where to next?
The monkey chattered and pointed towards a narrow path leading out of the clearing.
Hazel took a deep breath and strode forward, and began to hum quietly. It was the song her father had taught long, long ago: 

If you dont know what to do
Take a step forward
When you dont know what is true
Or what youre moving toward
Just take a step forward 
And youll learn something new.

All she had to do was keep moving, one step at a time, one minute at a time, and eventually she would end up somewhere. Good or bad, strange or familiar, it didnt matter. All that mattered was that she pave her own way.






At first she thought she was dreaming.
Then she heard the singing. Perhaps she was imagining it, a long-lost song haunting her from her memory. But then it got louder; it was a strange, lilting tune, a little less like singing and more like humming. Holland stood slowly, her feet still tingling from the aftereffects of stasis. Long jarring bolts of pain shot up her legs. Her head hurt, and her throat was dry, and more than anything, she wanted something to drink. She took a deep breath and pushed the pain from her mind, focusing instead on the unusual sound emanating from the hallway.
She stumbled forward painfully, and opened the door to the bridge.
Hello! Holland called. Hello! Whos there?
The humming noise stopped, and she heard a reply. It was a female voice, but she couldnt understand the words.
Hello? she repeated.
The voice replied again, this time louder. It seemed to be coming towards her at a much more rapid pace. Then she heard the echoing of footsteps from the end of the hallway. Holland remembered that the effect, built in deliberately by the ships architect, was a safety feature, so that anyone in the bridge could tell when someone was approaching and have time to react.
About two minutes later, a young woman appeared. Flaming red hair fell over her broad shoulders, and a monkey was draped around her neck.
Who are you? Holland asked.
Hazel, the woman replied. She paused briefly, pointing at herself, and then began to speak again in unintelligible syllables. Holland held up her hand and interrupted.
Hazel. Im assuming your name is Hazel, although, since I cant understand you, I cant imagine how you could understand me. I am the Admiral of this fleet of vessels, and I have a very important question for you: how did you get on board?
The woman looked around for a moment, silent, and then opened her mouth.
I suppose it wont do any good, Holland interrupted again. Since I cant understand you.
Waving her hands and shaking her head, the woman began to speak loudly. Then, she picked the monkey up from around her neck and tried to hand it to Holland.
I dont want it, Holland said, gripping more tightly to the doorframe. Its a... Then she leaned forward. The monkey had a small blinking red light behind its ear. Its a shipbot?
She reached one arm forward and the monkey scrambled up onto her shoulder instead. Youre a shipbot! Where in the name of the goddess bloomers did you come from? I thought Squeak was the only shipbot. She reached down and grabbed the monkeys tail, and flipped open the tip. Inside was a small switch. She flipped it and commanded: Translate.
The monkey began to speak in a robotic voice, My name is Hazel and I can understand you but you cant understand me and I dont know how to communicate with you do you have any idea where we are because I dont know where I am and I dont know how I got here.
Oh, my! Holland exclaimed. What do you mean you dont know how you got here?
The monkey can talk? the monkey-robot-translator stated in monotone, although the girls face showed extreme surprise.
Yes, Holland replied. Now answer my question.
Well, the robot-translating-the-girl replied, I have a tourist shop that moves around randomly, and somehow it ended up here. But where is here?
This is my spaceship, the SIV Whelk, Holland replied. We left Sagitta approximately six hundred years ago.
Oh, Hazel replied. Well, I left Earth about three hours ago, I guess. 
Earth? Holland paused and put her hand on her forehead. How could this be happening? Maybe she was hallucinating as an after-effect of the drugs that caused the extended sleep. Earth is a model for cultural development, she muttered. I didnt think its people could leave the surface of the planet.
We went to the moon, Hazel offered. 
Holland began to feel light-headed. I see, she said. I think I need to sit down.
She began to hobble back towards the chair. 
Do you need help? Hazel asked. 
No, Im fine. What to do about a possible stowaway or intruder or invasion or hallucination or whatever she was Unfortunately, there were radically different solutions for each of those possibilities, and Holland barely had enough strength to stand, let alone fight off an intruder or invasion. A stowaway she could handle. A hallucination, well...
As long as youre here, Holland began, raising an eyebrow, and since you seem to be relatively harmless for the moment, Im going to put you to work.
Of course! Hazel nodded. Anything I can do, just let me know. But eventually, I just want to go home.
I cant help you do that until I get my ship under control. The first order of business is to wake up the rest of the crew.
How do we do that? Hazel asked.
Follow me.
The trek to the coffin room was painful. Every step felt like a massive spike was being driven up her legs, and the feeling of pins and needles was so intense that she imagined small stinging insects crawling all over her skin. In addition, her breathing became short and difficult  she hoped something wasnt wrong with her respiratory system.
She reached out to open the door to the coffin room.
This is a creepy room, said the girl in monotone robot voice. 
Holland looked over her should to see Hazel gazing at the coffins that lined the walls, each with tubes and wires reaching out of one end. Holland nodded in agreement. She also felt  and had since long before she had left on this trip  that aside from the coffins, the room had a discomfiting feel, as if the walls were a little too short and the ceiling a little too wide, like they were standing in a three dimensional trapezoid. 
I need you to help me wake up my crew, Holland said. Each coffin contains one person, and each person in this room is crucial to the managing the ship. We will be arriving at our destination in less than three weeks, so I need my crew awake and ready to work.
Ive never seen anything like it. Hazel wandered over to a coffin and touched it gently with one hand. Holland had the strong feeling that she was reenacting a weird dream from her own period of stasis. 
Its so strange, so unreal, Hazel continued. I mean, real live sleeping people... waking from the dead? Its like a combination of a post-apocalyptic dystopia and a fairy tale. What if theyve been infected by an alien virus and are zombies when they wake up? Or what if theyve all had an overdose of whatever you inject them with and are suddenly super smart or something?
Holland ignored the speculating and began to explain the process. To open the coffins, you begin by turning the wheel at the end. Holland pointed to the nearest coffin, and Hazel obediently walked over to it. The wheel squealed and creaked as it turned, and the lid began to rise slowly. The computers have already started the process of waking them. It takes care of their med packs and injects them with the necessary chemicals and nutrients for successful waking. Some people may already be awake when you open the coffin.
Each coffin has the name of its resident, Holland continued, so you will know who they are when they awake. The first person you wake can help you read them. After the coffin is open, you will need to switch the med-feed from the stasis pack to the waking pack. Since, as I said, the computer has already started the revival process, they should all be waking up as you open the lids. Few should still be asleep, and those Nurse Sammy will attend to as soon as she is able.
What is the name of the person in this box? Hazel asked. 
His plaque reads, Pilgrim Overwall, Holland replied. He is a good friend of mine, and after he can walk, he can help you with the others. I am going to go back to the bridge, to get a few other things done.
A groan came from the coffin.
Holland hobbled over. Hello, Pilgrim, she said smiling. The skin on her face felt stiff; it had been a long time since she had smiled.
Hey there, Admiral. His voice cracked. Has it been six hundred years already?
She smiled. That it has, Corporal. This woman is Hazel, and she is going to help you wake up the crew. That shipbot will be translating. I will explain everything later.
Aye, aye! He gave a very floppy salute.
Holland smiled and turned to Hazel. Please hurry, she said.
Hazel nodded, wide-eyed, and Holland turned and left the room.
The walk back to the bridge was just as painful as the walk to the coffin room had been, but the pain was changing. The pins and needles had largely worked themselves out at this point, and now it was mostly the loud, agonizing pain of muscle disuse. She knew that there were a series of stretches that were supposed to help this condition, but she didnt know what they were and the head nurse on board was still asleep. Besides, she had far more important things to worry about than sore muscles.
She sank into the chair in front of the bridge console, sighing with relief. It would be nice to have some time to sit. She pulled up the ships logs. Five, including one of Hawkings explaining his death, were red-flagged as important; one was green-flagged as personal. She swallowed, and then selected the oldest of the red-flagged video logs.
Good morning, sis! Hawkings cheerful face appeared in the monitor. I probably look awfully cheerful for a red-flagged video. Its because... well, its because this morning was horrible, but we still made it through. Were all still alive. Can you believe its we made it nearly the full 600 years without a red-flagged video? I have to say, Im getting excellent at Jingle Cards, although Lady Mastin can still beat me most of the time.
Anyway, this morning we went through what we thought was an asteroid belt. It was not. Instead, it was a series of alien weapons designed to look like asteroids  a minefield, of sorts, but for ships. Our shields took quite a beating, and at one point I had to wake up Thompson to have him do repairs.
Hawkings face grew solemn. Unfortunately, he continued, we were too late. During the attack we lost power in Corridors three, five, and seven. Now that the power is back, we have frozen the bodies so they can be properly cared for when the ship arrives at the planet. We will also hold a funeral service as soon as we can.
The aliens havent come after us, so we think the field was just a remnant from an old war that we werent a part of  so that is a positive thing, at least. But it doesnt make up for the lives of our people that were so horribly lost. Im so sorry, Holland.
The video ended.
The next red-flagged video was the funeral service. Holland didnt think she could watch that right now. Her head ached with the pain that came from holding back tears, and the deep ache of sorrow permeated her every thought and motion. The other two videos were the deaths of Lord and Lady Mastin. She didnt want to watch those either. Due to the disaster with alien technology, the voyage had not gone particularly smoothly, and the colony would suffer for it. Now it was her responsibility to make the rest of the voyage and colonization go according to plan.
She gazed up through the windows into the vast darkness of nothing that surrounded them, in which massive world-eating and world-birthing stars were merely pinpricks in the distance, and sighed. Then, slowly, she opened the last video. It was the one marked personal. It was Hawkings.
He glanced over his shoulder as he leaned into the camera, and in a hushed voice began.
Holland, he said, we have received word from Sagitta. Johann has died.
Holland hit pause and gasped, a deep gasp of air wrenching through her lungs and throat like a knife. A tear squeezed from her eye, despite her desperate effort to keep her emotions from completely incapacitating her. Johann  dead. Of course, it was bound to happen. How many centuries had gone by during the time that she was traveling near to the speed of light? What kind of life had he had? Had he been married, had other children, lived fully? She had known when they split up that this would happen; she hadnt realized it would hurt so much. She took another rasping breath and hit play.
He died from old age, Hawkings continued. He worked as a philanthropist from the money you sent him, and because he had no other children when he died, he donated everything that was left to an orphanage in the name of you and your son. And of course, youre going to ask  why an orphanage, and not a research facility? It was because he met a young man at one of the orphanages who reminded him strongly of your son, and he felt the money could be spent supporting children just as well one way or another.
Im sorry youll be getting bad news when you wake up, but I knew you would want to know. They sent his digital possessions, photographs, letters, etc., in a massive file which Ive downloaded under your name, and protected with your access code since he had no other living relatives.
He paused for a minute, glanced behind him again, and leaned even closer to the screen. Sis, I know its going to be rough, getting all those people down onto the planet and settled and organizing a governmental system, not to mention surviving in general, but if anyone can do it, its you. Youre like a slither-horse in a saltwater stream  you can take any problem the universe decides to throw at you. I love you.
The video ended.
Holland dropped her head into her hands. It was too much. She had barely started and she was ready to quit.
But he thought she could do it.
Hawkings was dead. Lord and Lady Mastin were dead. Her own husband was dead. Twenty-eight thousand good people dead. She had so much grieving to do, and not enough time to do it.
Holland took a deep breath and pushed her pain, her tears, and her emotions as far into the back of her mind as possible.
Computer, she stated clearly. Begin the waking process for all medical personnel.
Waking process initiated, the computer replied.
Dont begin any other processes until I give the word, she ordered. She hoped the computer wouldnt just start doing things, but Lady Mastins voice made her a little nervous.
Acknowledged.
Her job  she would focus on her job, and worry about being sad later.






Maxwell strolled slowly from the house to the Globe  he had the rest of the day to complete his assignment, after all, and it was only lunchtime. He linked arms with Maddy and smiled as he enjoyed the pleasant weather.
I think its a hot dog day, he said to Maddy. She agreed, of course. She always did. It was like she could read his mind.
He headed to Dalmatian Park, where the hot dog man sold hot dogs to people and dogs alike. It was always bustling, and he felt home in a crowd of people that didnt know him. He felt special, knowing that he carried secrets untold to any man (Maddy didnt count, as she was a woman).
Hello, the hot dog man greeted him. Beautiful day!
Maxwell smiled and nodded.
What can I get you?
Two hot dogs, ketchup, relish, no mustard.
Two hot dogs, coming right up! The hot dog man began to prepare the lunch. And how is Maddy today?
A giant grin split Maxwells face. He hated it when people ignored her. Shes great, arent you, Maddy? He looked at her, in her blue circle skirt, red belt, and red pillbox hat and veil, and wondered how anyone could ignore her. She was perfect.
He paid for the two hot dogs, turned away from the stand, and offered one to Maddy. She loved hot dogs.
So here is the plan, he began. We have until the end of the day to find Boris, but I thought maybe we could go outside and wait for him right around now. Maybe we can get him during the lunch hour! Then if we dont, we can try again when he gets out of work. What do you think?
It sounds like a great plan, Maddy replied. Maybe we can go sit out on the benches in front of the Globe. But what about that security guard who found us last time?
Oh, that was just because we were in the gardens, Maxwell reassured her. If we stay in the public areas, we should be fine.
Taking deep breaths of fresh morning air, Maxwell and Maddy walked towards the Globe.
If this plan works, Maxwell said, then once and for all I will have proved that not only am I smarter than... than... him, he said the word with a sneer, but that all of his success was pure chance!
You dont need to prove anything, dear, Maddy said. You are smarter than him, and more successful than him, and way better than him overall. After all, youve got me! she giggled.
Maxwell grinned. Of course. But this... this will solve everything.
The Globe building rose up in front of them, beautiful and imposing. The glass sphere shone in the light, and Maxwell stared at it, willing himself to see the place where the secret lay.
In there, somewhere in there, lies the answer to my dilemma, he whispered to Maddy.
Well find it, she said. And I will do everything within my power to make sure you succeed!
Maddy, Maxwell said, turning to look at her, you are, by far, the most amazing woman I have ever met. And he leaned forward and kissed her on the forehead.
They sat down on a bench in front of the Globe. People were walking in and out; some wore lab coats, others had suits and ties. One man tightly clutched a cooler with an access code lock on the outside. Two women in matching red dresses practically skipped up to the building. 
People-watching is so interesting, Maddy said. I bet that man over there, the one in the large coat, has a ferret hidden in a pocket.
Maxwell laughed. And the lady over there, in the orange high heels  she probably works with training chimpanzees.
Do you think they have a zoo in there? Maddy asked.
I bet they have everything in there, Maxwell replied. They probably have a whole zoo with animals from all over the universe, and I bet everyone in there has their own pet. I bet they have a super-secret technology room where they can watch everyone all over the world through secret cameras hidden in forks and rugs and normal stuff that you wouldnt expect.
They probably have a swimming pool, too! Maddy was getting excited.
Uncle Max, interrupted a voice from behind them. What are you doing here?
Maxwell turned to see Boris heading towards them. 
Im not your uncle, he replied. Im your first cousin once removed.
Boris rolled his eyes. Whatever, Uncle Max. So, why are you here?
Im looking for you, he said. I need a favor.
Crossing his arms, Boris raised an eyebrow. What kind of a favor?
Maxwell looked around to make sure no one was close enough to hear them, and then he leaned in close. Your Aunt Perla and I are up to something.
I could have guessed that. What do you need from me? And is it going to get me in trouble?
I need to steal your access key, Maxwell said. To the Globe.
Next thing you are going to say is that you need a diversion, too. Boris scowled. Do you know how much trouble I could get into?
Theyll never know! You just have to say I stole it! Maxwell protested. And I didnt ask you for a diversion. But if you could... right around 4:30 would be great.
Why should I help you? Boris asked. Youre just my crazy old uncle or cousin or something, and I could lose my job for doing something like that!
Because, said another voice from behind them. Theres $50,000 in it for you.
Boris jaw dropped. Maxwell turned to see Perla behind him. 
I was doing it just fine! Maxwell complained. Why did you have to butt in?
Maddy crossed her arms and scowled at Perla, in mimicry of Maxwells position.
Im sure you were, Perla conceded. But Im the one with the money.
Ill do it! Boris exclaimed. For $50,000, sure! And itll also help me get back at my boss  hes such an ass. Then if I get fired Ill have plenty of time to get a job thats worthwhile.
Who is your boss? asked Perla.
A guy named John.
Maxwells ears perked up at the name. Dont worry, he said. Weve got plans for him, too.
Well, you do, Perla corrected. Boris, if you do get fired, come see me before you get hired somewhere else. Now, how about that key? And I believe you agreed to a diversion?
Diversion at 4:30, Boris agreed, and pulled his keys from his pocket. This is the key, he said, showing Maxwell and Perla a small red key, and this is the access card to the inner rooms, he finished. But I need those back when youre done! Or else I wont be able to get into my house.
No problem! Maxwell replied.
Ill take those. Perla reached out and swiped the keys. We need someone responsible to look after them.
I was going to let Maddy hang onto them! Maxwell protested. Shes responsible!
Perla rolled her eyes. My point exactly.
Well, I need to get going, Boris said, before there arent enough people for me to wander back into the building with. Bye, random relatives. He turned to go.
You forgot something, Maxwell said loudly.
Boris sighed. Bye, Maddy. Then he hastened his stride and disappeared into the crowd.
Well, you got the key, Perla stated. Meet me back here in a couple of hours. Well use the diversion to sneak in, and then youre on your own.
Come on, Maddy, Maxwell said, irritated. He had gotten those keys and Perla had no right to take them away. Lets get out of here!
Okay, Maxwell, Maddy replied. But dont fret. This is your day. Youll win, youll see!






When he left the Door Room, Clyde wasnt sure where to go, so he found his way to the kitchen. There was a large supply of food available for anyone to take, so he sat down and ate a bagel and a couple of oranges, and then he headed down to the first floor to talk to the secretary. It made sense that he should get to know the person who decided who came into the building.
Hey, Clyde greeted him. He was a big man, blue, and drowning in piercings all over his nose and face. He seemed friendly. Im Clyde.
Ive heard a lot about you, the secretary said, smiling. My name is Bob.
Good to meet you. Clyde smiled to himself. Friendly is as friendly does, Ivanna the Bard had said, but a friendly person can skin the purple out of a cockatoo. Everyone argued over the meaning of that one, and some even ventured to suggest that Ivanna had been drunk when she wrote it, but Clyde felt the meaning was clear: a friendly person could find out things that other people couldnt.
How can I help you? the secretary asked. 
Im looking for Rock, Clyde replied.
The secretary nodded. No problem, buddy. Rock is on the twenty-third floor, room twenty-one. Well, sometimes he is, but if you head up that way you should find him eventually. And make him give you a comm so you can find him more easily from now on.
I will! Clyde thanked the secretary and headed towards the elevator. Elevator music was one of his favourite genres, so when he stepped in, he was surprised that there was none at all. Frowning slightly, he shrugged and waited until he reached the twenty-third floor. 
It was dead. The halls were dark, there were no people wandering about.
Maybe I shouldnt be here, he thought, taking a hesitant step. The elevator door closed behind him and began to climb towards the top floor. Seeing no immediate alternative, Clyde began to wander down the hallway in a manner that he hoped would make him look a little bit lost, in case he wasnt supposed to be here. He looked from side to side and kept checking the hallway behind him. The numbers on the doors were four digit numbers, but they were slowly rising  2312, 2314, 2316...
Its about time John let you go. Rocks voice startled him. It came from a speaker in the wall. Come in here. On your right.
None of the doors in the hallway had windows. It was room 2321. He opened the door. Rock sat in a large chair surrounded by the biggest computer system hed ever seen.
This is control central, Rock said. You wont be in here much.
What about the screens downstairs? Clyde asked.
Those are for show, mostly, Rock replied. Although occasionally they can be useful. I know Bob finds them helpful on occasion. This is where I live most of the time, except when I have to go out to deal with problems, which is a problem because then there is no one in this room. We have a few other security guards, as youve seen, but none of them are qualified for this. They are all leftovers from the previous security system, which was well weak, to say the least. He flipped a few buttons and a block of screens flipped over to show running strips of code. This is an algorithm I wrote to help me out. The computer can detect if anything unusual is happening on the property or in the building. For example, this morning it picked up a man wandering around the gardens in a strange, circular pattern. Turns out the man wasnt supposed to be there at all. And then I have this he held up a small, rectangular device, so I can monitor things on a basic level from wherever I am.
Wow, Clydes eyes flicked from one screen to the next to the next, and then he turned his eyes to the various control panels. Thats a sound board, he said, pointing to one. And that one is for lights?
Yes, Rock replied. We had the building wired so that I have all failsafe switches here in this room with me. Not only can I control the lights in every single room from here, but I can shut everything down and make the whole building dead. The big switches are in that closet over there.
Clyde looked towards where he was pointing. It was a large door with what looked like a hundred locks and one padlock. How many locks does that have? he asked. 
Well, technically, I think it has eighty-three, but theyre all attached so you only have to unlock one. Its to confuse terrorists.
If I were I a terrorist Id just stick my bomb outside the door. 
Rock nodded. I know. So its our job to keep them out of this room entirely.
What are all these other controls? Clyde asked, pointing to a row of levers and a keyboard.
Well the keyboard is a keyboard, Rock replied. I do almost everything on the computer. The levers are for switching some of our systems over to manual control. For example, the elevator has a failsafe in case of power loss, but we can switch it over to manual to help get people out if necessary. And the other ones go to some equipment in the labs, but Quin and John havent had time to explain what all of the machines do yet.
Clyde had returned his eyes to the screens, specifically one showing the Door Room; then he noticed that there were several screens showing the Door Room.
Yes, Rock said, noting where Clyde was looking. That is Vrata Soba, where you just were. That is both the most valuable room in the building  or the universe  and the most dangerous. We have about a hundred cameras in there, but you cant watch them all at once, so they scroll through. When we get this buildings security protocols up to par, we will have someone watching just that room at all times.
Why is the security here so behind the times?
Its just government, Rock answered. The higher-ups thought that locks would be sufficient, but Quin convinced them to install a security system, too  a quite complex one. Then, they decided that the system cost so much to install that they couldnt afford to hire anyone to run it. They started having problems a few years back, and finally got around to hiring me and then you. Its all chartreuse tape.
Clyde nodded and contemplated the scene in front of him; while it seemed to be a great asset, it could also be a huge liability if anyone were to access the room and its equipment. Weigh the good and weigh the bad, but always look for a compromise. He wondered if there might be some compromise to this  maybe two control rooms and more staff? That way someone could always be watching, and they could have a backup room if someone bad took over this one.
Someone knocked on the door to the control room three times.
Come in! Rock called.
Quin stepped through the door. I just got a text from John. Hes says youre going to have to run shutdown procedures in a moment.
Did he say why? Rock asked.
At that moment, red lights began to flash in the Door Room on the computer screens. The people began to run around frantically and one of the Doors began to glow a bright red.
A grin spread across Quins face. These are fun, he said, and sprinted out the of the control room. The door slammed behind him.
Rock shook his head. They warned me about this.
About what? Clyde asked. 
Just watch, Rock replied.
He began to type rapidly on the computer. Code began to stream down one block of screens. Reaching out, Rock hit six buttons in a row labeled E DR 16. Security doors locked everyone in the Door Room inside. Then the emergency lights went off in every other part of the building. Clyde watched as people in labs and in offices climbed under desks and tables and put their arms over their heads. All ground-level entrances slammed shut and locked.
The whole hiding under the desk thing doesnt really do anything, Rock said. I guess Quin just created some mostly useless emergency protocols to make people feel better. If the white lights go off, it means a Door has gone critical, and if a Door goes critically critical, then well all die. But the people dont know that. Meanwhile, Quin and John take care of whatever the real problem is.
Who else in the building  I mean besides you, John, and Quin  are responsible for emergency response situations? Clyde asked. It seemed logical that, in a facility this large, they would have a whole team of people prepared, in case one of those specific individuals wasnt available.
You, Rock replied jokingly. In all seriousness though, there are a large number of people who are trained to respond to emergency situations. We have a different team for each department, and for each shift. Its a pretty complex system, but John and Quin are primarily responsible for the Door Room whenever they are in the building. Soon, I will be taking over Quins responsibilities so he can go to complete some high-security-clearance training out on the Rim.
Clyde nodded. That made sense.
Then the security team turned their attention back to the screens in time to see Quin, wearing a strange suit, dive through the red Door.







John was talking to some sort of scientist, and Kaia hadnt heard a single word hed said. She was too busy focusing on her rumbling stomach, and in order to distract herself from hunger, she felt her brain sliding towards cognitive mathematics and this idea of a Bridge Door. When she had been hungry as a child she had used the same strategy: think about math. The only difference was that then it was multiplication tables or trigonometry. Now it was cognitive mathematics. Either way, it never helped her focus on the situation at hand.
The last two hours had been chaotic  running from one person to the next, learning as fast as she could about where each Door went, who worked with which ones and what they did, and about Johns endless tendency to slide not-quite-funny jokes into the most random of conversations. She had a feeling it was way past lunch time, and sneaked a glance at Johns watch; it was about quarter past 2:00.
She took a deep breath and tried to ignore her stomach, focusing instead on the room around her. In one corner, a funny looking gentleman in a little hat and a very long, colourful scarf, was popping in and out of a Door. Each time he came through, he would hold up one finger, say something probably profound, and his assistant would write it down on an index card and place it in a very tall, teetering pile of all the previous index cards. Then the little man would disappear.
Almost in the exact center of the room were two Doors parallel to one another, and only about eight feet apart. Without any warning, a line of people began to march casually out of one Door and into the next. It was amazing. They all wore matching blue uniforms of some type and they didnt even look around them as they walked through.
Then a commotion rose on the opposite end of the room. From what Kaia could tell, a woman had come through with a small wagon piled high with bird cages. The birds did apparently not like their trip through the Door and were throwing themselves against the bars of their cages. In response, the woman had begun to sing loudly, either as an attempt to soothe them or as an attempt to drown out their racket. Kaia couldnt decide which. At any rate, her song wasnt soothing anyone else in the room.
Ooh, thisll be interesting, John said, almost gleefully. That lady  her name is something reminiscent of Helga, but with a number of guttural sounds attached to it. She isnt licensed to come through the Doors, but tries about once a month or so. Its always hilarious, and never boring, and you know how I hate boring and love not boring.
Kaia laughed. Can I meet her? she asked.
No. John shook his head. You can meet her next month. No, I have something far more interesting to show you.
Something crashed on the other side of the room. Bright lights began to flash and an alarm sounded  EHNT! EHNT! EHNT! EHNT! Kaia clapped her hands over her ears.
Dammit! John muttered. This is not what I was going to show you!
RED DOOR! RED DOOR! someone began yelling. RED DOOR ALERT!
The people in the room began to back towards the edges, nearly in a stampede to avoid whatever this RED DOOR was. John ran forward, opposite the crowd, and Kaia struggled desperately to keep up with him while simultaneously avoid being trodden upon.
She reached the small group of scientists only seconds after John arrived. It was Kenton, Naytiri, Boris, and Olivia. John was already yelling at them.
Get the whatsits and attach them to the frame on the red lines. Dont touch it, you idiot! John reached out and pulled Boris hand away from the Door. Instead of looking like a blue haze, the Door glistened red, as if someone had poured red sparkles into a giant slab of clear glue, and it almost glowed. The frame started to steam a little, and then smoke. 
Hurry! John yelled. Get the diodes attached so we can start the... wheres Quin? He spun around. Somebody get Quin!
Kaia looked around. She saw Quin over by the main entrance. He was trying to get through the crowd. She cupped her hands around her mouth.
GET OUT OF THE WAY, her voice boomed over the chaos. The crowd quieted, and turned to look at her, stunned. GET OUT OF THE WAY, she roared again, and a path opened up for Quin. He sprinted through the room, and grabbed a Door-Hazard suit on his way by the primary emergency station.
He slid up to the angry Door, while slipping the helmet over his head. Give them here, he mumbled through the glass. John tipped a handful of diodes into his glove. Crouching like a cat, Quin leaped into the volcanic, fiery entrance to hell.
Whats he doing? Boris exclaimed. Is he suicidal?
Shut up, John muttered as he secured the final diode. You know these dont work unless theyre on both sides of the Door.
What if the Door implodes? Olivia gasped. 
Well, at best, hell be stuck there, John said. And he wouldnt be the first. At worst, hell die, but so will the rest of us and it wont be our problem anymore. Kenton, hand me the microwave emitter.
Kenton stuck a strange looking metal rod into Johns hand. 
Fire up the generator, John commanded. 
Boris reached down and pulled the string. A loud roar filled the air. 
Well give him ten more seconds. Kaia, count, and make it absolutely exact.
Kaia imagined a second in her mind, and held it there once, twice, three times, four
Ten! she shouted. 
Dont try this at home, John said, and shoved the microwave emitter into the seething Door. 
Someone in the crowd screamed. Everyone else took a collective breath  the gasp nearly echoed.
Kaia froze, her eyes locked on the strange little instrument clasped tightly in Johns gloved hands. His other arm covered his eyes and face as he turned away from the Door. Kaia turned to look at Naytiri. She, along with Kenton, Boris, and Olivia, was staring at the Door with a horrified expression on her face.
There was a blinding flash of light.
When Kaia opened her eyes, the Door seemed fine. It was blue again. Quin stepped through from the other side. 
Youre not supposed to do that until I take the diodes off, John was saying. Youre going to burn them out.
No thanks, as usual, Quin muttered. He stripped off the bright green Door-Hazard suit, dropped it on the floor, and stalked off. The crowd separated as he walked through. He was drenched with sweat, but a small grin fluttered around his lips.
Boris stared after him. If he hadnt been here, who wouldve had to go through? he asked.
You, John replied. Now help me get this mess cleaned up.
The room around them began to get busy again. People still stayed clear of the Door, but they returned to their obligations, albeit a bit slower and less confident. The alarm turned off, and the blinking red lights quit blinking and stayed a solid red.
What just happened? Kaia asked. That was insane.
A cloud crossed over Johns face. Somebody in this group took an awful risk, he said as crossed his arms and stared at the group angrily, and somebody is going to have to take account for their error. He looked at the mess on the floor: a generator with wires splayed out in all directions; a microwave emitter carefully placed in its holder which sat awkwardly on the floor; two broken diodes and two working diodes strewn amid the mess; and a very bright green Door-Hazard suit. Clean this up, and then meet me in that room. He gestured to a regular door on the far end of the Door Room, and turned his back on the group.
What happened? Kaia asked.
He took a deep breath, and then asked, Can they see my face?
No, she replied. Theyre working. And your back is to them.
His face burst into a brilliant smile. He wiggled a little. That was amazingly fun! he whispered excitedly. I love it when stuff like that happens.
Kaias mouth opened. But... but we almost died!
Nah. John took her elbow and guided her away from the graduate students and up a short flight of stairs. Look at all this. He gestured towards the room filled with talking, laughing, and working people. They mingled and chatted, and occasionally appeared or disappeared through a Door. I wouldnt risk them like that. Now, granted, that Door could have been quite a problem, but we had about an hour to fix it. Quin and I just like to get things done quickly, and its always good to scare people a little bit so they dont do stupid things, like Boris did. He used the microwave emitter to inject the Door with massive amounts of microwaves, basically causing the thing to start overheating.
But you stuck the microwave emitter in the Door, too.
Yes, but I reset it first so that it would neutralize the extraneous microwaves and make them disappear.
Is that where the white light came from?
John chuckled. No, that came from the battery-operated strobe light Quin handed me before he jumped through the Door. The jump was all for show too, by the way. We have a whole system for times like these.
Kaia shook her head and grinned. Well, what did the diode things do, then? Were they for show? Or actually useful?
The diodes were useful  part of Door emergency protocol actually. They basically contained the Door, so that if it decided to explode, it would just explode within the confines of the doorframe. However, in order for the diodes to really work, they have to be on both sides of the Door  which is why Quin went through. He paused for a moment. Imagine you have a door that is on fire. You can put out the fire on one side of the door all you want, but if you let it burn on the other side well, the other side will burn.
So if Quin hadnt gone through, and the Door had blown up, whatever is on the other side would have also blown up?
Basically. John nodded. But only within a certain radius  which is actually pretty large. And Quin didnt really have to go through, he just wanted to. I could have just as easily stuck my arm though. He grinned.
What about Doors without frames?
Do you see any of those in this room? 
Kaia looked around. No.
Then they dont exist.
Frowning, Kaia put her hands on her hips. Dont be silly. The frame is just for show, and so people dont accidentally walk through them. It doesnt actually do any good.
Hush! John exclaimed, putting a finger on his lips. That counts as extreme math. We like to keep it a secret, because we dont want people wandering off and making them wherever they feel like.
How does putting a doorframe around it stop that? Kaia asked. Its not like there arent doorframes in other places. Like houses, for example. Or in buildings in general. Or in the home construction store.
Dont get mouthy with me! John was grinning and his grin was so wide at this point it didnt quite seem to fit on his face. We put a core of titaniron through.
I dont believe that for a second! Whered you get it, an asteroid?
As a matter of fact, yes! John said stubbornly. Then he gave in a little. But its not around any of these ones... we shouldnt be talking about this here. Lets go wait for my little graduate students who are about to get fired.
Fired! Why? Kaia asked, shocked.
They broke the rules. Johns face turned serious. Now, mind you, Im all about breaking rules, but not when there are thousands, and possibly millions, of lives at stake.
Oh. Kaias eyes widened. That thought hadnt occurred to her.
I do like Naytiri, though, he muttered. Maybe Ill offer her a research position somewhere else. Hm. He shrugged. Oh well. Come along, my lovely intern.






Hazel was nervous. Pilgrim, Hollands friend who had just woken up, was trying to sit up and having trouble doing so. In addition, there were dozens, maybe hundreds, of other bodies lying in these coffins. Bodies... coffins... spaceship... this day was not turning into a very good bedtime story.
Wait, wait, Hazel said, holding out her hands towards Pilgrim. Dont you need help? The monkey was curled around her neck, repeating her words in a robotic tone.
No, no, Pilgrim replied cheerfully. It just feels good to be awake! I mean, you have no idea. I have been asleep for a long, long time and I am just... I cant even explain how much I want to be awake right now. You should focus on waking up the others and Ill help as soon as I can.
Walking to the next coffin, Hazel tried to read the plaque, but the jewels in her ears apparently couldnt read. A brief thought crossed her mind  hadnt she been able to read the sign outside her shop for a minute? She brushed the thought away. 
Who is this?
Thats MacDougal. Dont start there, start with Sammy. Shes our nurse, and shell be able to help us walk faster.
Hazel walked over to the coffin Pilgrim had pointed out and began to turn the wheel. She followed the steps Holland had shown her, and a moment later, the woman in the coffin was blinking drowsily and murmuring, Who are you?
Sammy! Pilgrim greeted her happily. 
Sammy blinked a few more times and looked around. A slow smile spread across her face, starting with her lips and working up her cheeks and into her eyes. It was like a sunrise. It is amazing to be awake, she said, clearing her throat a few times.
Pilgrim explained who Hazel was, and then the two of them began to discuss things completely unrelated to Hazel. It was all techno-gibberish  light years and rotary motors and some kind of beam. Then Sammy the Nurse began to show Pilgrim a few stretches, designed to help his disused muscles strengthen after their long sleep.
Meanwhile, Hazel opened coffin after coffin. Every person was different. Some immediately sat up straight  those were the scariest. They claimed to have been awake for a while. Others were like cranky teenagers, still in the throes of sleep and rather unwilling to be woken up. Others were drooling, and still others talked in their sleep or whispered nonsensical words as Hazel moved by. But soon the room was abuzz with chatter, and most of the crew knew as much about her as they needed to  Holland had assigned her to help, and she was doing as she was told.
After a while, Sammy got out of her coffin and began to assist the others. She showed them stretches, and encouraged them to drink water. Soon after her, Pilgrim followed, although he was still a bit wobbly on his feet. Hazel watched as person after person woke up and stretched; it was like a roomful of zombies, although they didnt seem particularly interested in her brains.
A loud beeping noise silenced the people in the room. Then Hollands voice came out of nowhere. 
Good morning, everyone. I hope you are feeling well and invigorated after your endless sleep. 
A chuckle rumbled through the room.
If you are feeling unexpected side effects of the sleep, or you are feeling nausea, please see Sammy and she will help sort you out. Over the next few hours I will be dealing out assignments, although these may change based on necessity or health of individual team members. Right now we will need to respond to an electrical spike in Corridor 11, do maintenance on the engines and life support systems, and wake the others on the ships and sub-vessels. Medical staff, then crew, then parents and single adults, and then children.
In the meantime, follow Sammys orders so that you come to full health as quickly as possible. Oh, and Pilgrim, can you please run to the arboretum and see why the cameras arent working down there? Take Hazel with you  she will be your shadow from now on. Then head back to the bridge to talk to me.
That will be all.
The beeping noise came again, and to Hazels astonishment, every able person in the room turned toward the door, saluted, and then went back to whatever they had been doing before the announcement.
Im so glad Holland is our Admiral  shes so competent, Pilgrim said, stretching his arms and doing a couple of squats. He seemed like he was strong enough to walk around, at least. Can you imagine what would have happened if they had picked that Perkins guy instead? Several of the crew members laughed. Then Pilgrim turned back to Hazel. Well, Hazel, lets get going! Hopefully we can figure out whats up with the camera and then get back to the bridge before these loonies even get their limbs working.
He elbowed one of his comrades, who chuckled in reply and then punched Pilgrim in the arm.
Hazel followed the rather stiff Pilgrim at his heels as they headed towards the arboretum.
So, Miss Stowaway, Pilgrim said as they traversed the long, bare halls. Where are you from?
Earth, Hazel replied. And Im not really a stowaway since I didnt come here on purpose.
Earth!? Pilgrim asked. I didnt know people from Earth had space travel!
Youve heard of us? Hazel asked. And we went to the moon and sent out some probes, but thats about it.
Probes, Pilgrim chuckled. They wont get you too far. And of course Ive heard of Earth. I did my graduate thesis on Earth! Even got to visit. Briefly, of course. It was a two-hour visa.
Why would you do a thesis on Earth? Hazel asked, pretending she hadnt heard the last part. She didnt want to think about aliens showing up for two hours and then leaving again. That was a strange feeling. 
My thesis was actually more about the importance of space travel for my own civilization, Pilgrim continued, but I used Earth as an example. I mean, look at you  you humans only live for one hundred years! Or less, usually, I guess.
So heres what happened. Project Earth (as they called it in the old days) was developed as an experiment to watch the untouched development of civilization over a period of time. They put it in an area of space where there wouldnt be too much risk of alien intervention, and they made sure that the number of Doors do you know what Doors are?
Hazels eyes were wide.
Wait, wait, wait, she said, reaching up to scratch her head. What do you mean Earth is an experiment?
Pilgrim tilted his head. They havent told you yet? Oh. Well, my civilization built your planet.
The air in the tunnel seemed thin. Hazels head was spinning. All of the conspiracy theories on the entire planet couldnt even come close to this. But maybe he was making it up... although, why would he?
Pilgrim continued, oblivious to her sudden and quite painful enlightenment. So anyway, a Door is a form of transportation which allows you to travel across great distances of space in an instant. They made sure that there werent very many Doors on Earth, and they put them far apart. And then they put some people in a few places on the planet and stepped back to watch. 
Youll never believe what happened. Pilgrim threw his hands in the air as they rounded a corner. You humans started desperately trying to escape. Out of your towns, out of your cities, out of your lifestyle. Then out of your countries and off of your continents  Leif Erickson is one of my favourites, to be quite honest. Columbus... not so much. And then off the planet itself! In a matter of a few thousand years, you had nearly developed the technology not only to get off the surface of the planet, but to land on the moon! Pilgrim was talking expansively with his hands and his face was contorting with the strangest expressions  one after another after another, like a jigsaw puzzle trying to figure itself out.
Escape and Explore, I called it. Thats what you all do. I predicted that in a matter of a few centuries, you would have colonies on other planets  without any help from Door technology whatsoever.
We just put a science station on Mars, Hazel said a bit awkwardly. Her mind was still reeling from the possibilities that this information implied. If they built planets, did that mean they built the people too? What about God and religion? Or were they gods? And did this mean that those who theorized that aliens had settled the planet... were right? Or wrong? But no colonies yet.
Do you remember the old rovers? Pilgrim asked, sounding oddly nostalgic. Back on Sagitta  thats my planet  we skip the science station and just build the planets the way we want to. It makes things a lot simpler in the long run, although it ends up being pretty expensive in the short term. Anyway, the arboretum is right around that corner. I dont imagine well find anything too interesting except for a lot of overgrown foliage. Lets see whats going on in there.
Do you think this monkey will run away? Hazel asked.
Pilgrim came to an abrupt halt and turned to look at her. 
Do you mean to say, he asked, that this is not your monkey? I thought it was yours. Its not ours either.
Hazel let a confused expression flow across her face. It felt good, like her face had been desperate to make this expression all along, and now, all of a sudden, it was allowed to. Its not mine.
Well, we have one shipbot named Squeak, but this guy isnt it. Did Holland know about this monkey?
Shes the one who got it to translate for me, Hazel replied. If this isnt your shipbot, where did it come from? And where is Squeak? 
Lets fix the camera first, Pilgrim said, and then figure out the monkey dilemma.
They rounded the corner ahead of them. A camera  at least, Hazel assumed it was a camera  was hanging from a cord over their heads. The doors to the arboretum were open and the branches burst through, looking like they were trying to escape  like humans, apparently, Hazel thought.
Well, Pilgrim said. We found out what is wrong with one camera. But a camera cant do that to itself. Lets go check out some of the others and see what happened to them.
The trees were not pleased when they began to push their way through. 
Gah! Pilgrim exclaimed as he got a mouthful of tree. These trees do not want us coming in here.
I think I was in here before, Hazel said. I mean, when I first got here.
I am going to ask you how you got here, but first, I think we should check out the cameras near Squeaks house. Then maybe we can figure out what happened to him, and where this little guy came from. He reached out to scratch the top of the monkeys head as it curled around Hazels neck.
Your shipbot has a house? Isnt it a robot? Doesnt it just need a closet or something? Hazel was very curious about these shipbots. They seemed to be reasonably intelligent, but at the same time, limited in what tasks they could perform. If she could take one home with her, she would be famous! Plus, she was starting to like the little guy curled around her neck.
No, it doesnt need a house, but the kids like to play with it sometimes, so we gave it a little house. That way, when its not busy, not only does everyone know where it is, but its a healthy place for the kids to play. They painted it yellow and blue  its really cute. Youll see!
Pilgrim ducked through a break in a wall of bushes. On the other side, a number of trees had been chopped off at the floor. Stumps stuck up here and there with the sprouts of new trees surrounding the old stump. The new growth combined with the old dead wood created an odd effect.
I wonder what happened here. Pilgrim frowned. This isnt good. Well have to take air sample readings and make sure enough oxygen is still getting pumped into the entire ship.
Just wake people up so they start breathing again, Hazel said. Carbon dioxide... photosynthesis The treesll grow back  well, the little sprouts will, anyway.
Oh my... Pilgrim stopped dead in his tracks. Look at that.
It appeared to be a giant black rock with red letters emblazoned across its face.
Can you read that? Pilgrim asked. It says KEEP OUT. Weird, huh? Well, we better keep going.
Shouldnt we avoid the rock? If it says to keep out, I mean? Hazel asked. 
I think it will be fine. Plus its kind of exciting! I love this sort of adventure. And it feels great to be awake and moving around after sleeping for six hundred years. Im quite curious about what went on here.
Hazel followed Pilgrim towards the rock. They didnt quite make it to the rock, however, when a monkey dropped from nowhere and landed in front of it.
Well, hello there! Pilgrim said cheerfully. Youre not Squeak. Where did you come from?
Another monkey dropped out of the trees and stood next to it. Pilgrim began to baby talk to that one, too. A third monkey appeared. 
Wow! Look at them all. Do you suppose Squeak made them? Pilgrim asked quietly, almost as though he were talking to himself. He gazed around as monkeys appeared in the trees around them one by one, some only eyes glowing deep in the foliage, others hanging from branches or sitting comfortably on limbs. Several scampered close to them on the ground, and sat looking up at them.
Come with us, said one monkey. Do not resist.
Hazels jewel translated the statement, but then, to her surprise the monkey repeated the phrase in English. Come with us. Do not resist.
Did it just speak your language? Pilgrim asked. His eyes were wide as he turned to look at Hazel.
Hazel nodded. Yes, but he just said come with us, do not resist again.
The monkey around her neck repeated her comment.
Amazing! Pilgrim really seemed amazed. I wonder how many languages they know. Maybe we could sell them as universal translators! I wonder if they have emotions.
The monkeys herded them around the rock. Pilgrim stopped and gazed up in awe. That used to be Squeaks house! he exclaimed. 
In front of them loomed a massive structure, painted entirely black. The wooden structure contained four turrets and had a metal gate at the front. A small moat had been dug around the structure. In addition, monkeys with spears guarded the entrance.
Our leader will see you now, the leading monkey commanded. Wait here. Sit.
Pilgrim sat immediately. Hazel frowned slightly and then followed his example.
The monkeys reappeared with their so-called leader in the front of the pack.
You are Pilgrim! the monkey stated. And you are Hazel. Peasants.
Hey, Squeak! Pilgrim greeted him. It looks like youve been up to a lot these past few years. You did some redecorating, I see. Whered your friends come from?
My name is Emperor Tamarin, Squeak said. And these are my children  my minions. They carry out my commands and obey my every whim.
I see. Pilgrim frowned. So... whats with the decorations? He pointed to a skull that hung from one of the turrets.
Emperor Tamarin turned to look. That is from one of the dead humans aboard this vessel. 
What? Pilgrim leaped to his feet. What did you just say? Did you take a human skull and hang it on your silly turret?
Anger blazed from his eyes and posture. Hazel could see red creeping up around his neck, and his typically cheerful face had turned into an angry, ice-cold glare. 
Sit back down, human, Emperor Tamarin said, Or we will kill you and all the other humans aboard this ship. Our weapons are poisoned.
What do you want?
My reign is great, the monkey said, and can be much greater. We need to land this ship in a place where I can take over the nation, and the locals, and I will be supreme ruler!
I never would have guessed, Pilgrim said, dropping his face into his hands. His elbows rested on his knees, and his entire body sort of slouched. So, Captain Abrams was one of the original crew  he died of old age sometime while I was sleeping. Anyway, hes a nut for chess and castles and towers and feudal societies  you have any of those on Earth?
Of course, Hazel replied, her voice low and hesitant.
So he programmed Squeak here to be able to play chess, and he filled the robots memory banks with history and archeology about castles and feudal societies, and look at what happened: Squeak went nuts. We have a monkey thats a madman, and thinks its going to take over some poor, unknowing civilization 
I dont think, Squeak blustered angrily. I know. I will take over and build my kingdom and rule the world! And then the universe!
So how are you planning to do this? Pilgrim asked the monkey madman.
We will shut down the engines. We will suck out the oxygen. We will kill all the humans!
Why didnt you do it while we were asleep?
We tried, Emperor Tamarin said. We steered the ship into an asteroid belt, but that didnt work. So we cut the electricity to some of the sleeping chambers, but werent able to get access to all. So now, as you and your Admiral wake each person up, we will stab them with a poisonous knife and kill them all! 
He laughed manically.
This is like a bad sci-fi film, Hazel muttered. Who could have ever imagined that the evolution of artificial intelligence would look like this? 
Yeah, Pilgrim replied. Dont let this guy fool you. Real AI are actually some of the most gentle and peace-loving creatures in the universe. Not like this nut job.
Ive never met an intelligent robot, Hazel replied, so I have nothing to compare against.
Pilgrim turned his attention back to the maniac monkey. Youve got us captured. Why dont you just kill us now, monkeys? he asked, throwing his hands into the air.
No, we need the human, said Emperor Tamarin, She is a necessary piece. It is with her that we will take over this planet called Earth. And we will take you, Sagittan, as collateral.
Hazel gulped.
Pilgrim reached into his pocket and pulled out a small box. He hit the button.
Admiral?
Get that away from him! Squeak yelled, and Hazel ducked as the room suddenly began to swarm with angry monkeys, buzzing like bees.






The comm beeped. It was Pilgrim.
Admiral, he whispered rapidly. She could hear a strange buzzing sound in the background. We have a problem. Squeak reproduced himself and is planning a mutiny. The comm made a static noise and then went silent.
Holland was furious, even more so now that she could walk. Strangers magically appearing on her ship, robot monkeys that had reproduced and were now causing trouble, pins and needles stabbing painfully at all of her extremities, a plethora of deceased passengers, and not even her dear brother for support: these problems were not going to get the best of her. She was going to have to put this anger to good use. 
Computer, begin revival for all living Corridors. Holland stated. If she increased the timeline for revival, at very least she would have more hands. And with half of the colony deceased, food and supplies should not be an issue. Although, perhaps it would be best to do an inventory first.
Do you think that is the best choice? the computer intoned. That is a large number of people with a small number of prepared medical support staff.
Holland scowled, irritated that a computer, of all things, was second-guessing her commands. But two reasons to wait on waking everyone made for a strong case. Computer, as soon as the medical personnel are awake, wake up the equipment personnel and crew. In four hours, wake up everyone else  useful adults first, children last and only after their parents are capable of taking care of them.
Yes, Admiral.
Computer, do I have communication with Corridor 1?
Yes, Admiral, the computer replied.
Shivering, Holland tried to imagine that the voice sounded more like a generic robotic voice and not her late peer. Lady Mastins voice still annoyed her, and probably always would. She would have to see if one of the programmers could set it back to the generic voice. 
Hook me up. Crew, can you hear me?
Admiral! Its McGraff. Great to hear your voice. Whats going on out there?
We have a virus... of sorts, Holland began. Pilgrim is incapacitated for the moment. Sammy, I need you to walk everyone through the exercises as quickly as possible, as I think I will be needing support sooner than later.
That sounds great, Sammy said. Holland imagined they were all saluting to the comm system. How does everyone feel? Holland heard Sammy ask. Then Holland turned off the comm.
There had to be some way to get rid of those monkeys. Holland got up and wandered towards the front of the bridge. She pulled open a junk drawer  typically the most useless drawer on the entire ship. She dug through it: rubber bands, paper cups, three dull personal jackknives, a hive tool, a few loose bandages, a pair of finger cymbals, banjo picks, a bodkin, four match books, the last four pages of a romance novel but no magic wand to solve her problems. She pulled out a rubber band and tied her hair back, and then sighed slowly. It was hard to save your crew, be sad, and be tired all at the same time.
Im coming to Corridor 1, she said over the comm, and then walked quickly from the room. Her legs felt better, but her brain felt like a sponge that soaked up information and then was painfully squeezed by a giant hand, which caused all important details to drain from her mind shortly after entering. When she arrived, all of the occupants were awake and stretching. Sammy walked from person to person, helping them stretch out their sore and disused muscles, all while offering words of encouragement. 
The computer is waking up all of the medical personnel, Holland explained as she stepped through. Everyone in the room turned to look at her and saluted. It was a rather amusing image, Holland thought, as they were all able to salute, but they couldnt all stand. Some sat awkwardly on the floor, some still lay in their coffins, and a couple of crew members were flat on their backs on the floor  yet all saluted.
She returned the salute, and everyone went back to stretching.
I am going to split you up into teams, based on Sammys recommendations. I want the five in the best health to head down to the arboretum and find out what happened to Pilgrim and the alien girl. I want a second team to head to Corridor 11 and see if they can find a reason for the electrical spike we had this morning. Finally, I want Sammy to split up the remaining individuals, based on their relative health, to go support the waking of all medical personnel, and then, immediately afterwards, any equipment personnel and crew. Once they are taken care of, you should begin with the passengers. Thanks!
McGraff strode rapidly towards Holland.
You look good. Holland nodded to her subordinate. Lead the team to Corridor 11.
Yes, maam! McGraff replied. She turned and pointed to four other people and the team took off. 
Bali, you take the other team to the arboretum. You have my permission to take more than five if you wish.
Yes, maam! Bali saluted and he and his team took off.
Holland left the room, leaving Sammy in charge of waking up everyone else on the ship. She began to wander, and remembered when she and Hawkings had first arrived on the ship. He had been so excited.

We can name it Steve! he had exclaimed. His eyes glowed with the thrill of owning a ship and the thought of the adventures that awaited them. He had been the most supportive person in her life after the death of her son.
I dont think so, Holland disagreed. After all, what kind of name for a ship was Steve?
They had toured the ship and laughed and talked; it had been the first time she had laughed since it was better not to think about it. She should focus on the moment. She thought that maybe they should name the ship after her son, but Hawkings had thought it was morbid. 
Later that night, Hawkings had stumbled into their shared apartment, a little drunk and a little sheepish. 
I lost a bet, he had said. 
Holland gave him a look which said, what now?
It was to a painter. He won a thousand dollars and the opportunity to paint the name of our ship on the outside.
Thats not so bad, Holland said, as long as it was your thousand dollars.
Hawkings nodded and covered his face with his young, smooth hands. He also gets to pick the name. It will be done in the morning.
What? Holland asked, shocked and suddenly quite nervous. She had grabbed her coat and practically flown from the building. But by the time she got to the ship, the painter was stumbling down with a mostly-empty bucket of paint in one hand and a silly grin in the other.
I named it, he said, pointing a shaky hand towards her precious ship. Its sho pretty. He giggled.
Holland shined her light on the rather sloppy-looking letters. They read, Whelk.
Cuz it looksh like one, the painter giggled, and stumbled off into the night.

Holland smiled a little at the memory. Her beautiful ship was so sad now  thousands had died on their maiden voyage across the galaxy. All of a sudden the weight of their lost souls fell onto her shoulders, and she stumbled forward until she landed on her knees. Her arms locked around her stomach in pain and the dry sobs of guilt and fear wracked her tired lungs and echoed in the empty corridor. She felt so lonely and empty  her son dead, her husband long passed away, and Hawkings gone now, too. It was only her and her Whelk now, alone in the empty vastness of interstellar space.






Is this going to be awkward? Kaia whispered as the group of graduate students filed in. The room was largely empty; it contained only a table, a few chairs, and a Door. 
A bit, John replied.
Im sorry, John, Kenton said. His face looked desperately miserable, as if he wanted to crawl under a table and hide. It was my fault.
Not directly, John said, looking at Boris. You disobeyed me, yes, but Boris here is at fault. To start, I will tell you what is going to happen next, and then we will discuss what already happened and how the issue was resolved. Firstly, Boris, you will be banned from the facilities. Please turn in your ID and keys and exit the building immediately.
But why? Boris protested. I didnt do anything! Its not my fault!
It is your fault. I saw you, with my own eyes, stab the Door with the microwave emitter at full. Thats what caused the Door to go critical.
No! Its not my fault. Naytiri handed me the thing  she must have turned it on! I only accidentally bumped the Door with it.
I did not! Naytiri protested.
Hush, John said. I saw the whole thing. I watched you pick it up, turn it on, and quite deliberately and stab it through the Door. Now, please, if you wont exit the building amiably, I will call security to have you removed.
Fine! Boris shouted angrily. But Im going to fight this. And Ill win, youll see.
Okay, have a nice time, John replied. A little frown settled into his eyebrows as he watched Boris stomp from the room. Kaia watched him pull out his teaching tab and quickly type. 
Just have to let them know hes coming, John muttered. Now you three, he said, looking up as he finished typing. What do you have to say for yourselves?
Its all my fault, Kenton admitted. I was trying to impress you so I told them to set up for our next experiment. We werent going to do anything before you okayed it but... well, Naytiri argued with me but I didnt listen.
Whats the rule? John asked.
Everything must be okayed by John before moving further into the process, the three chorused. 
Indeed. And you wouldnt have been able to start until tomorrow afternoon anyway  the math isnt finished!
I just thought.... maybe we could start without all the math-
Johns fist interrupted Kenton as it smashed into the table with a thundering boom. Wrong! Wrong, wrong, wrong! You never ever, ever neglect the math! The math could save our lives! Tell me this  what if your idea had specifically been to stick that microwave emitter in an actual microwave? The math would have told you it was a stupid idea! It would have told you that should you attempt it, you would end up destroying a perfectly useful appliance. If you had done the math on this one, you would have discovered the same thing: that you would be destroying a perfectly good Door and everything around it. You never, ever dont do the math. He took a breath.
Sir, Olivia ventured timidly, When Boris stuck the microwave emitter in it caused the problem, but when you did the same thing it fixed the problem.
A smile pushed the frown out of Johns face. Yes, its a simple problem really. I just did the math and reset the emitter to neutralize the extra waves flowing through it. Its happened more than once.
What about the microwaves that are supposed to be in the Door? Naytiri asked.
That is all part of the math  which is why you should never start without doing all the appropriate calculations. If Quin and I hadnt reacted quickly, the Door could have blown sky-high, taking us and our entire city with it, destroying several miles of terrain on the other side, and causing miles of devastation on both sides of all of the Doors within the blast. Which is potentially a lot. I mean, look at the room were standing in.
Kenton grimaced and dropped his head into his hands.
So, you three are on probation. Kenton, you will not be able to set foot in the Door Room until I decide otherwise. You will be spending time monitoring some of the undergraduate students and their experiments.
Kenton grimaced, and his friends looked at him pityingly.
Naytiri and Olivia, John continued, Kaia will be taking over the team, but if anything else happens, youre out for good. Understand?
Yes, sir! the girls nodded.
Good. John looked at his watch. Now, get out of here. Kaia and I have work to do.
The three exited the room.
John turned to look at Kaia and grinned. See this? He pointed to the Door. Kaia was surprised that he had moved past the incident so abruptly, but she followed his lead.
Its a Door, she replied, leaning in to peer closely at it. But it looks weird. Its got colours floating in it.
You can see those? Good work! Most people dont notice them. Anyway, this is it!
What?
John sighed. What do you think?
Is it an underwater Door? Kaia gasped. In school they said those were impossible, because the brainwaves of all the fish push water through the Door at an uncontrollable rate! Or maybe it was just that fish kept swimming through.
Its not that! Its the Bridge Door! John replied, exasperated. 
Thats even better! Kaia stepped forward and gazed at it intently. Youre serious? It really exists? Really? And it can take me anywhere?
Well, anywhere there is another Door.
Obviously, Kaia replied, rolling her eyes. Can I go through it?
No, John said. You dont have travel clearance yet, as youve only been here for one day. Im working on that. But this is your project, of which you are not allowed to tell anyone. It requires Level Four clearance  which you will have as of tomorrow. The students are only at Level Six. First you will be watching it for a few days. You will analyze and monitor all colour, opacity, and shape changes for the period of one week. We have some tools for that. Then, presuming our proposal gets accepted, you will be allowed to go through to one known location, to monitor the sensation of traveling through the Door. We also have some tools for that. Put on those glasses I gave you.
Kaia pulled out the 3D glasses and looked at the Door. Her mouth dropped open. The edges of the Door were sparkling and fuzzing, blurring and clearing. The colours bled together and separated. It looked like a rectangular rainbow that was bleeding colours and attempting to pull them back while they tried to escape.
Amazing! Kaia said, moving her head back and forth to make the colours change and blend.
It actually gets kind of boring after a while, John said. Quin gets the really fun part. Hes going to find out if it will take us to any locations we dont know about.
How does he do that?
Classified. John shrugged. But for the rest of today, youll follow me around some more. Tomorrow morning you can help Naytiri, et al. do some math, and then you can spend the rest of the day on this. Ill also have some files delivered to your office with all of the original tests done on the Door.
I get an office?
Of course! John replied. Youre standing in it!






Clyde was feeling a little tense after the incident in the Door Room. Rock had explained the meaning and implications of a red Door, and although Clyde felt that their security procedures were actually quite good  compared to their security features in other areas, at least  it still made him feel a bit anxious. Rock had then taken time to show Clyde all of the different features of the Security Room, and then left him in charge of watching the screens. This was an easy enough job, but as Ivanna the Bard said, Easy is only as valuable as its outcome, as is difficulty.
The screens splayed out in front of him like the many-faceted gaze of a mitleed fly gazing into the bowels of a rhinoraffe. Each screen showed a different room. Sometimes there were many screens showing the same room from all angles; the Door Room was a prime example of this. 
The outside screens flipped from one room to another, all displaying labs with nothing very interesting going on. The center bank of screens showed the Door Room from many angles. The layer of screens in the middle varied from outdoor scenes to the secretarys front desk to a large kitchen to a zoo to a few dark rooms. Clyde leaned in to peer at the screen showing the zoo; this screen flipped from one animal cage to another. The animals were very strange, unlike any he had ever seen. They must be from other planets, he assumed. Some had highly technologically-advanced cages, which he presumed provided different mixtures of elements in the air. 
He had just turned his gaze back to the Door Room when his comm buzzed.
Clyde, Rock said. John just fired a young man named Boris. He is leaving the Door Room now. Please keep your eye on him and ensure that he leaves the building.
Clyde gulped. This was a nearly impossible task, given that he had not yet completely learned the layout of the building. This meant that he couldnt be sure which cameras mapped to what screens.
Use the blueprint on the table, Rocks voice continued to crackle over the comm, apparently reading his mind, to figure out what route he should take. You will see small numbers associated to the cameras. Those numbers are on the edges of the screens.
Got it, Clyde replied, running over to the table with the blueprint. The blueprint was a book about a hundred pages thick. He picked it up and flipped through; the Door Room, according to the Index, was on page 12. Door Room to elevator, he assumed, and then out the front. It shouldnt be too hard. Unless he went back to his office first. 
What is his office number? Clyde asked. 
3359, Rock replied, and remember to turn off the comm when youre not using it. I can hear you breathing.
Yessir. Clyde looked down at the Comm. Which button was it? The white one, the green one, or the gold one? He frowned and hit the green one. He flipped through the book for a few minutes and figured out a good route that Boris should be taking: cameras 77, 342, 333, 56, 558, 0044, 23, and 1002. Plus the elevator camera: 5. 
He looked up at the screen. Boris was in the hallway outside the Door Room talking on his phone. Clyde glanced at his notepad  the next screen was 342. Boris began to wander slowly down the hallway; he was talking animatedly, waving his free hand around, and looking quite irritated. He got in the elevator  camera 5. Clyde moved his eyes to camera 0044. This was the ground floor camera where he should come out. He waited.
Clyde? Rocks voice emanated from the comm. The secretary says he hasnt showed up yet.
Hes in the elevator, Clyde said, hitting a button on the comm without taking his eyes off the screen.
Great, Rock replied. He is not authorized to go back to his office. Dont let him get away.
Yessir.
Clyde looked back at camera 5. Boris was gone, and had not appeared on 0044. He looked around frantically. Where had Boris gone? There he was: camera 1222 what floor was that? 
He ran to the blueprints.
Rock, he said. Boris is on camera 1222, which is... He flipped the pages rapidly.
Thats not good, Rock replied. He was breathing heavily. Hes gone towards the high-level offices  John and Quins floor. Check cameras 37, 47, and 6069.
Clyde spun around and gazed at the numbers. Boris was in 37. 
Thirty-seven, Clyde stated. 
Rock didnt respond. 
Boris reappeared on screen 60.
Rock? Clyde asked. He didnt hear anything. He could feel his heart rate going up. This was very stressful.
Boris was now on 63, and appeared to be fiddling with a doorknob. He looked over his shoulder anxiously. A moment later, he opened the lock and vanished into the dark.
One of the dark screens blazed to life. Boris was in an office with a massive desk shaped like a turtle with a disk on its back. He was rifling through the desk drawers. What could he be looking for? He flicked his eyes across the other screens. It was hard to watch one specific screen and pay attention to all the others at the same time, given that there were probably several hundred over the entire wall. He finally found screen 1002, which was the one with the secretary. Bob was frowning and flicking a little red light on and off. Clyde wondered if that was some sort of signal. There were three people at the desk: a woman wearing an atrocious wig, a giant, terrifying man, and a thin spidery man.
Where was Rock?
Rock? Clyde asked anxiously. He pushed the buttons. There werent enough staff. Someone needed to deal with the people at the front desk and someone needed to deal with Boris. Either that or they needed to lock down and deal with the problems one at a time. If Rock could send some of the other members of the security staff over, then this wouldnt be an issue. Unless all of the other security were trapped together with Rock. 
Rock, where are you? he said, hitting the button. Secure building, now!
To his horror, he saw that he had hit the gold button and a moment later he heard his own voice echoing through the loudspeaker system of the Globe: Secure building, now!






Kaia stood in the middle of the Door Room, trying desperately to take in all of the details flooding in from all directions while John stood talking to Professor Backriver. She had just acclimated to the noise and begun tuning out the conversations that were interfering with Johns when a voice came over the loudspeaker. It said quite clearly: Secure building, now.
John let out a loud sigh. Well, that wasnt Rock. He grinned. This is turning into an interesting first day for you, isnt it? Watch.
A hush fell over the room just as the message ended. Then the sounds flared back up, roaring through the room like a wave  people talking, discussing, making up rumors about what the message meant. Professor Backriver didnt even say goodbye; he headed towards the nearest Door and was gone. The next moment, people from other planets went home  just like that. It was the strangest thing Kaia had ever seen. One minute, there were hundreds of people milling about the massive room. The next moment, they seemed to disappear as they stepped through the Doors, just popping out of existence like bubbles: Pop! Pop! Pop! 
Then the scientists began to disappear. A few of the white-smocked clowder went through the Doors, but most of them gathered up their papers and headed straight for the exit. In less than a minute, the room was nearly empty.
Everyone is trying to leave the building, Quin informed them, bursting in, and we have a suspicious group of conspiracists entering through the front. Rock is stuck in the permanent hospital wing. Hes being held captive by Mad Jack.
Mad Jack? Kaia asked.
We have a bunch of people here who have just crossed over the line into insanity, John replied. Hell be fine, but this is an inconvenient time to be trapped. Was that Clyde?
Yeah, Quin replied. Doesnt know how to use his comm.
Are we really shutting down? Kaia asked.
I think we should, Quin replied. Then we can solve our problems one at a time.
Who are these conspiracists? John asked.
We dont know. They were harassing Bob, and he recognized one as a known assassin. They are now swimming upstream, as everyone in the building is trying to leave and they are trying to enter, so it should take them longer than usual to get here. That said, it will probably make it easier for them to get to their destination unnoticed, Quin replied. His voice seemed to echo in the now mostly empty room. Since were going into lockdown, you should handle this room. Ill talk Clyde through the process.
Okay, John replied. Well send the emissary notes through each Door, and then we can regroup.
Great. A moment later, Quin was gone.
How does he do that? Kaia asked. Its like he just disappears.
Hes got training in the ancient art of Stealth, John said. And he can do it while sprinting.
Stealth, like from the Kramandu Mountains on the Edge? Kaia asked, her eyes widening. Thats seriously impressive.
Yes it is. He actually taught it for a couple of years.
Him? Teaching?
John grinned. I imagine his classes consisted of him telling his students to do as I do and then disappearing.
Kaia laughed.
Okay, John said. Enough fun. I dont believe in fun! To work! 
To work! Kaia repeated. She then looked at John expectantly.
What? I said, to work! John exclaimed. He frowned. Oh. I have to tell you what to do. He paused. Just follow me around, I guess. To the printer!
He ran off, with Kaia close at his heels. At one end of the room a partial office had been set up. It had filing cabinets, four really old computers, and a giant printer. John began to maneuver through the folders in one of the filing cabinets. He pulled out a document which read Emergency Procedures.
This is what we send to the governments on the other sides of the Doors when we have a security breach, John explained. It just says, Its no big deal, but we dont want to cause any interplanetary issues, so please keep your people away from the Door until we say otherwise. Here, make three hundred copies.
Three hundred! Kaia repeated with surprise. 
Yep. John grinned. Welcome to being an intern. Also, each one needs to be rolled and placed into a canister. He hit a series of buttons on a wall panel next to the computers. A section of the wall slid up, revealing a contraption that looked vaguely like a wine holder with three hundred very small bottles of wine. 
Those are the canisters? Kaia confirmed. 
Yes. Now start copying. We have probably less than five minutes to deal with this. Im going to go do a once-around to make sure we dont have any stragglers who didnt go back through their Door. John ran off.
Kaia grinned. Copying was definitely an interns job, but adding a high-level emergency and a super tight deadline definitely made it less dull. The copy machine began spitting out copies of the document. One after another (after another after another after another after another), she grabbed the copy, rolled it up, stuffed it in a canister, and dropped it on the floor next to her feet. Each made a clanging noise as it hit the floor, and after a moment, she was doing them so fast the noise didnt seem to stop.
Okay, John said, reappearing behind her. Im going to start sticking these through the Doors. Let me know when you get all of them done, and Ill teach you how to send them through.
Cant you just throw them? Kaia asked.
Dear me, John replied, gathering up an armload. I never would have expected that kind of question from you. Cognitive mathematics, my dear, cognitive mathematics.
He disappeared. Kaia frowned and began to calculate.
No calculating! John yelled from the other side of the room. Its slowing you down.
Im just trying to figure it out! Kaia yelled back.
Well stop and just stuff canisters. Ill explain it in a minute, and then you can do the math later.
Kaia sighed. A moment later a loud grating noise filled the air. It seemed to be coming from everywhere at the same time.
John reappeared behind her. Dont worry. Theyre just shutting down the building. The noise only lasts a minute.
Why is it so loud? Kaia asked. 
John rolled his eyes. Our last head of security had this thing about warning everyone about what was going on. But he didnt want to just, you know, say it, because then, heaven forbid someone who wasnt supposed to know found out... He began to shout as he headed back towards the Doors with another armload. so he created a system of really irritating sounds which play over the public announcement system whenever something important is happening.
Kaia stuffed the last canister, grabbed an armload and followed John.
What do I do? she asked when she reached the Door where he stood.
Youre done? John asked, turning.
There arent any canisters left, she said.
Good. That means we have five extra. I stopped here. He pointed at the Door in front of him. This is easy, but you have to know what to look for... er, feel for. Because the Door is driven by brainwaves, you have to consciously direct the canister to the other side. That means that your hand has to go through. You will feel some pressure and the canister will get super light, and then it will get super heavy, almost like something is pulling it from the other side. Let it pull for a count of three seconds, and then you can let go. Got it?
Direct with my brain, stick my hand in, pressure and light canister, then heavy pulling canister, three seconds, let go, Kaia repeated. But how do I direct it with my brain?
Just read the name of the location John pointed to the name that was neatly printed on the frame above each Door, and then stick your hand through.
Okay, Kaia replied hesitantly. 
Oh, and you can only go slowly on the first two, and then you have to move like the wind. Ill take this half, you take that half. A moment later, John was off, doing each Door in six seconds or less.
Kaia took a deep breath. The name at the top of her Door was Station Way. She fixed the thought in her mind and then plunged her hand holding a canister into the strange, blue, almost watery rectangle in front of her. As it went in, she gasped. The sensation was tingly and strange, not unlike the feeling of lukewarm water, but at the same time that her hand was floating, it was also being pulled in a million directions at once. She couldnt feel the canister. A panicky feeling began to bubble up her throat. What if she had dropped it?
All at once she felt a heavy pressure in her hand. There it was! And suddenly, someone or something was dragging on it pulling on it. She tightened her grip and counted the seconds. One... two... three... the dragging was so intense that she almost couldnt hold on anymore. She let go. Her hand still tingled. She pulled it out of the Door and looked at it, examining it from all angles.
Weird, huh? John asked, stopping next to her with an armload of canisters. I should also mention that you dont want to leave your hand in for more than 30 seconds, or the rest of you will start to get pulled through. Its slow, so you can definitely stop it, but just so you know. He grinned. So what do you think?
Its so weird! she exclaimed. But is there any biological impact? Do I age faster by going through Doors, or maybe just my hand ages faster? Or maybe I stay young longer...
Johns grin widened. Dont worry about that for now. We just need to get these canisters through the Doors. Ill race you. On your mark get set...
Wait, Kaia interrupted. Can we race after I do one more? You did promise me two slow ones after all and I want to make sure Ive got it right.
No problem, John said, still moving from Door to Door so quickly that it looked like he was throwing the canisters through.
Kaia moved to the next Door and repeated the process. It wasnt any less strange the second time  and she loved it.
Okay, she said as she picked up a third one. Now we can race. Ill do this half, you do the other. On your mark... get set.... GO!
They were off, one canister after the next after the next.






Maxwell and Maddy arrived at the Globe mid-afternoon. 
Where is Perla? Maddy asked, holding tightly to Maxwells arm. 
I dont know, but look at all the people coming out of the building! Maxwell pointed to the Globe, where a large number of individuals were flowing out like the unchecked swells from a broken dam. I think they started without us!
Maddy gasped, outraged. How could they? she demanded.
We had better just go in, Maxwell stated in a very irritated tone of voice. She never wanted to help us at all! She was just using me to get the key!
What a horrible woman! Maddy exclaimed. I think we should probably not ever speak to her again. At least, I wont!
I am seriously considering it. 
The two strode rapidly forward towards the building, working their way around to one side of the crowd and squeezing through the door, muttering comments about having forgotten a purse or briefcase. One gentleman gave them a very concerned look. It had better be important! he barked. This is an emergency shutdown, you know! That means we all have to leave as quickly as possible!
They slipped into the lobby and moved to the side, out of the way of the mass of people. There were three streams: one from the elevator, and one from each set of stairs. 
We should take the elevator, Maddy said.
Why? 
Because people arent supposed to use the elevator during emergencies. I bet it will be easier.
Okay. Maxwell held onto Maddys hand tightly for a moment, and then turned to her. You go first. No one will notice you if you are quiet. They never do. Its like youre Houdini.
Okay, Maddy whispered. She let go of his hand and slipped into the crowd. Maxwell tensed. He always felt a little naked without her.
Now it was his turn to sneak over to the elevator silently  like a bat, or a fox, or something that sneaked silently. That said, being silent might not be all that necessary at the moment. The mob of people talked wildly, waving their hands in excitement while dashing forward as if someone were giving away the most delicious meal, steaming and hot, on the street. There were frantic conversations going on all around him:
My razor-backed rabbit tails are going to
you think its the Door Room again? That would be twice this month!
I cant imagine why
cant be sure someone doesnt just pull the alarm
What if its a bloody prank by one of those
so we can go home early every day?
Hahahahaha!
He inched his way into the building. He could see Maddy through the crush of people holding desperately onto the front desk so as not to get swept away with the crowd, waiting for him to catch up. The secretary was on six phones simultaneously, hanging up and then picking up another; it almost looked as though he had six arms. Maxwell frowned.
He wiggled his way around the secretarys desk. The man didnt even notice him, luckily. He pretended he was an invisible fox, slippery and sly, sneaking his way into the dark, dank den of the hibernating bear. I am a fox, I am a fox, he chanted silently in his head. A fox, a fox, a fox.
The elevator doors slid open.
Excuse me, he said to a woman exiting the elevator. Which floor is Quins office on?
Twenty-seven, sir, the woman replied. But you had better hurry and get on out of here, before the building shuts down. She scampered off.
Thank you, Maxwell replied, a little too late, as she had already vanished into the crowd, and hit the doors close button. After several stops, the doors opened on the twenty-seventh floor. He stepped out and looked around. It seemed pretty empty. 
Quins office! he said, and then put his hand over his mouth. Maddy wasnt here, so it would appear that he was talking to himself if he werent careful.
He strolled down the hall, pulling a map from his satchel. He had spent weeks searching the internet for a blueprint of this building, and then stumbled into a gift shop where they were selling it for only a few dollars. Of course, it was a relatively unhelpful map, but it did have one really useful piece of information on it: the number of Quins office.
It appeared to be quite simple. First, he had to turn left out of the elevator, and then make a right at the end of the hallway. He grinned. Easy as pie. He knew this building was designed for and by the creative mind, so it didnt surprise him to see large paintings lining the hallway. They were nice paintings. He thought about destroying them, since it seemed that everyone was leaving the building and every so often it was good to prove that he was a villain, but then decided it would take too much time.
He reached the end of the hallway and came to an abrupt halt. To his right was a gaping chasm. It spanned from where he stood to the hallway on the other side. Gazing down, all he could see were shadows, and some light from where he stood glinting off of pipes and wooden beams. A sheet or tarp fluttered far below  at least, he hoped it was a sheet, and not a ghost or a dead body or something. The chasm extended far above, with the metal beams which supported the structure of the building spanning the gap overhead. A breeze stroked his cheek lightly. 
They should get that fixed, Maxwell muttered with a loud sigh. Quins office must be out of use, because according to his map, you had to go down this hall to get there  there seemed to be no other route. Which is odd, as this building is round.
Whats odd? said a voice from behind him. He gasped and spun around. Maddy stood there smiling cheerfully. 
Oh, its you! he exclaimed. How did you find me?
I walked up the stairs, silly! Sorry I didnt get here sooner, but the secretary was on so many phones at once that he didnt notice. Did you know that the secretary actually has six arms? When he sits behind that desk you dont see them, but when theres a crisis, man do those arms fly! What happened here? She gasped as she noticed the gaping hole right next to them.
Oh, you finally noticed, did you? Maxwell said sarcastically. Well, I need to get across to the other side and theres no other way.
Did you bring a grappling hook? She had a very innocent expression on her face, and for a moment, Maxwell wondered if he should have brought her at all. She could get hurt!
No. I did not bring a grappling hook. Maxwell sighed and rubbed his eyes. I should have known this would never work.
I wonder how deep it is. Maddy opened her massive and always present purse and dug around. I dont need this, she said, pulling out a small rock.
Why do you have a rock in your purse? Maxwell asked. 
Oh, you know, I like to collect things. She threw the rock into the void.
The rock plopped at floor level.
Maddy gasped. The rock can fly!
Maxwell put out his hand to quiet her. Hush. Its not flying. He walked over to the rock and picked it up, smiling a little to himself. Its an illusion! Come with me. He gestured for her to follow him into the hallway.
She stepped backwards instead. Um, it really doesnt seem safe.
Its safe, Maxwell insisted. Just put one foot out and take my hand. Close your eyes if you want.
She closed her eyes and put one foot out. It hit the ground.
Just a few more steps, Maxwell said. 
She put her other foot out and waved it around in the air. 
Youre about eight inches too high, there, Maxwell rolled his eyes.
Six steps later, she opened her eyes and gasped. I dont think I can do it! Maxwell... its so real!
Maddy. Youre fine. Take a deep breath. Maxwell pulled her to the other side of the LED hallway until she was standing on the other side.
He smiled at Maddy and then turned to look down the hallway. There were only a couple of doors down here and one of them had to be Quins office. Now came the tricky part of the mission.
Its room 2701, he told Maddy. The number was carved into a plaque on the wall, three doors down from the hallway. He pushed open the door. It was dark. He pushed it open further. A light came on. There was no one inside. He turned and gestured for Maddy to follow him.
The office was basically empty except for a few pieces of furniture, six books, and a phone next to a pile of paperwork on the desk.
So what are we doing in here? Maddy asked. 
Were leaving a trap for Quin.
A trap?
Yes, you see, Maxwell began to explain, my biggest fear is that we will get caught by Quin. But if we leave a trap for him, then he will get caught here and not be able to come after us.
That makes a lot of sense, Maddy agreed.
And, while were in here, we can check to make sure John is out of his office. He picked up a small sticky note which read John. Then, he picked up the phone and dialed. No one answered. The answering machine picked up. 
Hello, you have reached me, John! Actually, you havent reached me, because Im not here. This is just a recording. Shame on you if you didnt know that already. Leave a message! Or you could stop by my office, room 883, but you should probably wait until later, because, as I said, Im not here. Cheers!
Maxwell hung up. Step one accomplished! He fished around in his bag and pulled out a magazine and a bottle of Extraordinary Adhesive. The magazine was titled The Art of Pruning. 
Hey, I brought you that! Maddy observed.
Yes. Maxwell set the magazine in the center of Quins desk.
Whats it for? Maddy asked.
Well, when he sees this, hell want to sit down and look at it.
Maddy frowned.
Maxwell took the tube of Extraordinary Adhesive and began to spread it all over the seat of Quins chair.
An expression of pleased surprise and understanding crossed Maddys face. I see, she said. So he will sit down to look at the magazine, and then he will get stuck to the chair and not be able to chase us! That is very clever of you, Maxwell.
Maxwell grinned, feeling very pleased with himself.
So whats next, then? Maddy asked.
Crossing the void and then going to Johns office... to get the... you know what. Then Maxwell laughed. He had practiced the laugh an awfully lot, but it never seemed to come out right. It was a villainous laugh, yes, right up until the end, when it sort of broke. 
That was good! Maddy encouraged him. Youre getting really close!
Then the villain and his companion took their leave of Quins office, traversed the chasm, and made their way towards their goal.










PART 3














Hazel was confused. She had been surrounded by trees, with a strange man... but now she appeared to be just waking up, and if her nervous system was still in working condition, it seemed to be telling her that her arms were tied tightly together and her feet were bound. In addition, it would appear that either someone had turned out the lights, or she had gone blind.
She blinked a few times. It was pitch black.
Hello? she said.
There was a blaze of light in front of her, and a dark silhouette appeared at the center.
You have been chosen, the figure said. 
Chosen for what? she asked.
Chosen to fulfill your destiny. The voice was odd. It was loud, but strangely robotic-sounding.
Can you untie me? Hazel asked.
You must wait in silence until the time is right.
The light suddenly vanished. Hazel blinked rapidly, trying to clear the spots from her eyes.
The time is right for what? she asked.
No one answered.
She wriggled around trying to loosen her bonds. It was no use; they were secure. So she settled back and tried to relax as the tiniest bit of headache began to bleed into her consciousness. 
A little tear leaked from her eye, but she blinked it away. She felt strange. Only a little while ago she had been missing her dad, traveling the world, and selling useless trinkets to spend-happy tourists. Now she was on a spaceship filled with sleeping people and robot monkeys, being held captive by said monkeys, and with no idea how to get out of the predicament.
Then she smiled as she realized the little monkey robot was still around her neck  the one that had been translating for her all along.
Whats your name, little monkey? Hazel asked. 
The monkey didnt reply. She rubbed her face against its fur. I hope youre on my side, she whispered, and then fell silent.
Hazel? Pilgrims voice sounded in the darkness a few minutes later. Hello?
Im here, she said softly. The robot monkey repeated her words. But I dont know where we are.
Me neither, Pilgrim said. But Holland is looking for us, so we just need to be patient and try to figure out what is going on with these monkeys. Are you tied up?
Yes, Hazel replied. The bonds are secure.
Mine are too. Maybe if we can inch towards each other, one of us can untie the other. Try to move towards me. 
Okay, Hazel said, and began to scoot towards the sound of Pilgrims voice. All of a sudden the monkey around her neck began to squeak and buzz. 
Whats that? Pilgrim asked.
Its the translating monkey. She rubbed her face against his fur again. Do you have light, little monkey?
His eyes lit up, two glowing orange beams in the darkness.
Oh, Pilgrim said. Theres a row of cactuses between us. We must still be in the arboretum, but they fiddled with the night settings.
Monkey, Hazel said, can you untie me?
Meep! the monkey replied. It scampered down her arm and began to fiddle with the ropes around her hands.
How is that the monkey can repeat all of my words in another language, but not speak to me? Hazel asked Pilgrim.
I dont know. This monkey was programmed by another robot monkey. Squeak made them all. Who knows what logic robot monkeys follow?
They follow my logic! a voice proclaimed. 
The lights in the room blazed brightly. Hazel blinked in the sudden light, until her vision cleared enough to see Emperor Tamarin standing on a large rock in front of them.
I made them! They are my children!
Okay, Squeak, Pilgrim said in an irritated voice. Come on, now. What is going on?
We have found our opportunity, Emperor Tamarin replied. It is time!
What opportunity? Hazel asked. The little monkey was still fiddling with her bonds. She hoped he would hurry.
Our opportunity to take over the world. The perfect opportunity, or in other words: you!
How her? Pilgrim scoffed. She is alone. She has no power. No one even knows shes here!
Ah, but she got here. She has a ship! Emperor Tamarin was hopping a little, presumably with excitement. We have discovered that the ship is locked  thus we need to you let us in, and then we will take over the world!
A world, Pilgrim muttered. Then he said more loudly, Okay, then, lets go! Get this over with.
Stand! the Emperor commanded.
As Hazel stood, she felt the bindings around her hands loosen, and her little ally monkey slipped back up around her neck. She kissed his fur. Thanks, she whispered, and began to walk slowly in the direction indicated by the swarm of monkeys that surrounded them.






Staring at the stars, Holland watched as memories of her son, her husband, her brother, and life back on Sagitta flashed through her memory. They were painful, but warm; dark, yet comforting. Every so often she would think, I dont have time for this, but ignore the voice in the back of her head  just one more minute, just one more.
Then, Hollands nostalgia was harshly interrupted as a voice boomed over the loudspeaker. 
Admiral Hawkings, it said. Please report to Corridor 11.
Frowning, Holland headed to the nearest comm station. She needed to get the portable communicators out of storage and hand them out to everyone. 
McGraff? she asked. Whats going on?
Sir, McGraff stated. She must have been at the Corridor 11 Comm Station. You need to get over here. This is the strangest thing Ive ever seen.
Be right there.
Holland tried to run, but as she did, pain shot up one leg. She grimaced and slowed down. Whatever this mystery was would have to wait the few extra minutes it required to walk instead of run. She was amazed that she was still able to remember all of the corridors to get from one side of the ship to the other. All of the shortcuts, ladders, and doorways were all still firmly in her mind; the years spent sleeping hadnt emptied her mind of anything. When her thoughts brushed up against the death of her son, however, she wished it had.
He had been only eleven when his life was snuffed out: a game with his friend in an empty field that had resulted in a broken leg in the bottom of a well. The broken leg wouldnt have killed him if it hadnt severed his artery she gasped as a surge of emotional pain rose up like a tsunami. She quickly tried to pull her thoughts away. She was six hundred years past and flying close to the speed of light on the other side of the galaxy, but it felt like it had happened just yesterday. My poor John, she thought, and then swallowed, forcing her attention back to her surroundings.
She rounded the corner into Corridor 11 and saw her staff standing in a huddle down at the far end. McGraff waved in her direction, so she speeded up a little bit. As she drew near, her jaw dropped. Stuck into the wall was a store  the kind you found in touristy locations in cities all over the galaxy. She hurried closer, and her crew hurriedly stepped out of her way. A sign hanging over the door said, The Magic of Whelk, and when she gazed through the glass windows in the front of the shop, she could see sweatshirts, magnets, chocolates, and all sorts of little trinkets blazoned with the name of her ship.
What is this? she asked. 
We were hoping you could tell us, McGraff replied. Im pretty sure it wasnt here when we left.
Did the monkeys build it? Holland asked. It was the only thing she could think of. But why would they?
Restaz has an interesting theory, McGraff replied. 
Sergeant Restaz stepped forward and saluted. Maam, could it be the aliens ship?
Holland raised her eyes. I dont see how, she replied, but its just as likely as the monkeys building it. She looked around. What should she do about it? It didnt seem to have done any harm, aside from causing a minor electrical spike  assuming that the shop was, in fact, responsible for that  and she had far too many other things to worry about. 
Okay, I am moving this to a lower priority. McGraff, take your team to the arboretum. Finding Pilgrim and the girl is your next top priority, and if you see a way to stop those blasted shipbots, do it.
Yes, sir! McGraff saluted and her team marched down the hall. 
Holland stared at the shop again. She tried the door, but it was locked. They would have to break in at some point, unless Hazel had the key but what a strange, strange thing. Shaking her head, she turned to look down the hallway. If it was Hazels ship, what had she thought when she landed here? Did she come on purpose? Taking a deep breath, Holland pushed the thoughts from her mind. She needed to focus on the primary problems at hand: finding Pilgrim, dealing with the shipbot infestation, and getting her people safely to the ground so they could start colonizing. Then she could send a report back to Sagitta and get on with her life.
She began to walk down the hallway, and imagining the steam rising from a hot bath. A glass of whiskey, jasmine bubble soap, some classical music, and a good cry sounded perfect right about now. Then maybe a jaunt through her family photos file, so she could put the emotional swinging to rest. She paused as she heard a strange noise behind her. Turning, she gazed in amazement at an ocean of robotic fur swarming down the hallway towards her.






Give me a run-down, Quin said as he burst into the security room where Clyde sat feeling awkward, stressed, and terribly uncomfortable. And then I want you to help me with the shutdown. We need to do it now.
He turned his focus towards the problems at hand. The group that was harassing Bob is in, on their way to the Door Room  at least according to this book of blueprints. Some random guy just broke into your office, and Boris just left the office with the giant turtle desk. Clyde didnt take his eyes from the screen. 
My office? Quin asked, looking up at the screens quickly. What is this random person doing?
He left something on your desk. It looks like a magazine, Clyde said. Im not completely sure, but it looks like hes talking to himself.
Okay, Quin said. Help me with this and then Ill go and head him off. Well worry about Boris later. Hit the black button over there.
This one? Clyde pointed to a button that sat by itself on a board. It must be important if it had its own spot.
Yes, Quin confirmed.
Clyde pressed it and an alarm began to sound all around him. The individuals on the screens looked up in surprise, but quickly continued along their trajectories. 
Pull up the program titled Rose on the computer, Quin instructed. He had somehow magically appeared over by the wall switches.
Clyde moved over to the computer and found the program. He waited while it booted up. 
Password? Clyde asked.
Quin was suddenly behind him, rapidly keying in the code. Shutdown is complete, he said. Movement is now limited to individual floors, unless you have master keys to the building. There is a set in the cupboard over there for you  youre lucky we keep an extra one around. They go to the elevator and the stairs. Stay here until I tell you otherwise, and keep your eyes on the screens.
Of course, sir, Clyde replied.
If you see anything else, let me know immediately.
Of course. The strange man who was in your office appears to be heading towards Johns office.
Great. Ill head him off.
The next moment, Quin was gone. Clyde looked everywhere, but somehow, without making any sound, Quin had completely disappeared. Feeling a bit nervous, Clyde returned to his post. He began to run through Ivanna the Bard quotes: High emotion can lead to better focus or worse mistakes. Know yourself; know your weaknesses; know your strengths. 
When alone and faced with difficult situation, make the best or go home.
Find peace in every situation and an escape route will magically appear.
Well, hello there, a voice from behind Clyde said smoothly. 
Clyde jumped. No one was supposed to be in here. He took a deep breath and turned around.
Im sorry, Clyde said calmly. Can I help you?
Oh, just browsing, the man replied. He smiled slowly, his lips curving around his teeth like a wave over a rock which crashes back again where it came from. Please, continue on with your work. Really. I can entertain myself.
Clyde frowned at the dapper-looking gentleman in the long pinstriped suit. He wore a hat  an old-style hat with the fur in the back. How had he gotten in here without Clyde noticing? He glanced back at the screens: the crew of three heading towards the Door Room was now a crew of two. How had he missed that? And how had this person gotten up here if the stairs and elevators were locked?
Im sorry, Clyde answered. But I really must ask you to leave.
Look at all these screens! The man wandered towards the console. Its incredible, really. You can see everything! Oh, look  what are those people doing?
Clyde turned his attention immediately to the screen at which the man was pointing. The woman in the tight dress and awful hair and the big ugly man were walking down the hallway. They had nearly reached the door to the Door Room.
Clyde held the box up to his mouth. Quin. he began.
Oh no you dont. All of a sudden, the man stood behind him with a sharp blade pressed against Clydes neck. I have something else I need, and I dont want you telling anyone about it.
The knife pressed a little further in as Clyde flinched slightly. He tried to stay calm and remember all of his training: dont antagonize; look for an opportunity; get help. If only he could hit a button on the comm.
And dont try anything, the man said, because Ill wager my life Ive got you beat in any little trick you can come up with. Just watch the show, and maybe youll get your mother back alive. His grin was nearly audible, and Clydes expression turned into a scowl. The man clearly didnt know: you dont ever threaten peoples mothers.






At least this is the right floor, Maxwell said. Were almost there. It should be right around this corner.
What are we going to do when we get there? Maddy asked.
Maxwells laugh filled the empty hallway. Youll see. His grin stretched from ear to ear. His moment had finally come. 
Okay, Maxwell continued. If you see anyone coming, scream and run off. If they chase you, just keep running! As fast as you can, just run, okay?
Why do you want me to scream? Maddy asked.
I think it will help distract them. But you have to run really fast so they dont catch you. He felt a little nervous asking her to do this. Actually, maybe it would be better if you just hid.
Oh, no! Maddy argued. I will do it! I think it will be fun! And I havent done anything wrong, right?
No, of course not! Maxwell exclaimed. Youre perfect!
Maddy blushed.
Here it is! Maxwell said, shifting his focus away from his lovely companion. The door was right in front of him. Excitement surged through his head and he began to feel a bit giddy and nervous at the same time. You stand watch out here, Maddy. And remember what I told you!
He opened the door, surprised to find it unlocked.
Oh, he gasped as the lights came on around him. His eyes narrowed in on the pencil immediately, hanging on the wall in front of him in a beautiful case. He must have so much power he doesnt need to wield it anymore, Maxwell whispered. Why else would he keep this wonderful tool in a box like this?
He stepped forward, but froze when suddenly Maddy began to scream. This was not good. Time was running out.
Maxwell leaped forward and pulled the frame off the wall. There was no time for his original plans. He pulled out the three extra pencils  which he had planned to use as decoys  and tossed one on the desk. Maybe John would think that only the frame had been stolen. He slipped the frame into his bag and darted out into the hallway. 
In front of him stood the biggest black man he had ever seen. Bulging muscles, shiny bald head, and a glare that would wither a winter death cactus: it was Quin, Johns protector. The glue must not have worked  or else Quin was even more powerful than he realized. Maxwells biggest fear had come true.
You were in my office, the man said. I think you should come with me.
No! Maxwell replied shakily. He didnt want to go with this man in the slightest. Im going home, you horrible person!
Maxwell! Maddy scolded. Dont be rude!
Sorry, sir, Maxwell said penitently, but I am unable to go with you at this time.
Im afraid you dont have a choice about that, Quin replied calmly, whipping out a pair of handcuffs. Then next instant, Maxwell found himself thoroughly bound. He glanced over at Maddy.
Shes a girl! he protested. You cant tie her up! What happened to chivalry?
I dont know what youre talking about, Quin answered. But you can come this way.
Maxwell scowled and tried to cross his arms, but the handcuffs made this impossible. Quin dragged him out into the hallway.
We just need to stop by a different section of the building and grab another problem so we can get all of our challenges in one place, the man stated. 
That doesnt even make any sense, Maxwell said huffily. You cant keep me like this. I get one phone call! I am going to call the police! He couldnt believe the nerve. He knew that Quin was a big, scary man, but hadnt expected this kind of abuse at his hands.
You were breaking and entering, Quin replied, and trespassing. Ill call the police for you. This way.
They turned down a hallway to see another man coming towards them.
Boris! Maxwell said. I mean, who are you?
Boris shot a glare at Maxwell. I cant find my keys to turn them in, he said to Quin. 
What were you doing in Johns office? Quin asked. 
Looking for my keys. 
Why?
Because this guy took them and I thought he might leave them there. Boris crossed his arms and turned his attention back to Quin.
Perla stole them from me! Maxwell complained. Its not my fault!
Its your fault I got fired, Boris said sullenly. My little diversion didnt work and I got fired. Youre a weasel, Maxwell, and tell Maddy I hate her.
Maxwell gasped. He had never heard anyone say anything so cruel.
Maddy, he said, turning to the woman next to him. Dont listen to him. Hes lying. Hes just trying to be mean.
Who is Maddy? Quin asked.
His imaginary friend, Boris replied.
Ah. Quin nodded.
Cover your ears! Maxwell said loudly to Maddy. These men dont know what theyre talking about. He turned his back to Quin and reached out to awkwardly cover Maddys eyes with his handcuffed hands.
He heard Quin snap another set of handcuffs on Boris and then order Maxwells first cousin once removed to come with him. How many sets of handcuffs did this guy carry around with him anyway?
I wont, Maxwell said stubbornly when Quin ordered him to come. Not until you apologize to Maddy. He turned to look at Quins raised eyebrow.
Sorry, Maddy? Quin asked.
Close enough, Maxwell muttered, and followed Quin and Boris down the hall.






All of the canisters had been pushed through the Doors, and John had, of course, won the race. Kaia twiddled her fingers and pushed her glasses up her nose. Last they had heard, potential hostiles were heading towards the Door Room.
What are we supposed to do now? Kaia asked
Lock the door, John said.
You can do that? Kaia asked. Lock them?
No! John chuckled. That door. He pointed to the door leading into the Door Room.
Ohhh. Kaia laughed too and began to walk towards it.
At that moment, the door burst open. In strode a tall woman in a fitted black dress. Hello, John.
Mrs. Brothard. The Queen of Thieves. He scowled at her and crossed his arms, stopping halfway between the Doors and her. So youre the cause of this mess. I should have guessed. I presume you are here to take a Door?
She looked out across the massive room filled with Door after Door and a small smile flitted over her lips. Well, clearly none of these. Her hand stretched out elegantly, gesturing at the rows of sheer blue rectangles in front of her.
I dont know what youre talking about, John said slyly.
Yes, you do. A small smile slithered across her lips. But I will refresh your memory. She stepped forward and began to tell a story, using her hands to gesticulate meaninglessness.
It was a warm day in the spring, and I was lackadaisically wandering down Main, looking for a graduation present for my wonderful son. Imagine my surprise when I discovered a brand new tourist shop that had never been there before. Even more surprising was that it didnt seem to take up the normal amount of space that a shop should; it was stuck to the side of a building which I knew very well, but didnt appear to take up any space inside the building! And yet, when you stepped inside the cute little shop  adorable, in fact  it was quite large and even contained living quarters in the back!
I visited for a few moments, bought a trinket, and then just happened to bump into you on the way out. Do you remember?
Yes, John said with irritation, reaching up to straighten his tie angrily. 
I came back not fifteen minutes later, and the shop had mysteriously disappeared! There was no construction, there were no moving trucks, there wasnt anything that would make any sense. So I did some digging.
And what did you find? 
My theoreticians postulated that it was a Door which could move itself! Imagine that. A Door which you could put things inside of, and then, essentially, drive to any other Door in the universe. Imagine what I could do with that! Now, I expect you will give it to me.
I cant do that, John replied.
Kaia was frowning.
John, she said. Did this Door have six sides?
Seven, he replied, the corner of his mouth curving upwards ever so slightly. His frown returned quickly. And dont think about it. He turned back to Mrs. Brothard.
I imagine you will give it to me she flicked a finger, just to ensure that nothing happens to your lovely intern.
Kaia shrieked as Mrs. Brothards giant bodyguard reached out and grabbed her by the arm. The next moment, she felt a knife against her neck. She began to breathe heavily, and swallowed several times. She began to count rapidly from one, and once she had reached one thousand, she began to calculate the possibility of a Door with seven sides. 
Let her go! she heard John say, but everything felt as though it were at a bit of a distance.
Give me the Door, Mrs. Brothard replied. Kaia wondered if her voice was what evil sounded like.
It appears we have a draw, John stated. If you kill Kaia, I will never, ever give you the Door, but if I give you the Door, there is no guarantee that I will get my intern back alive.
You have my word, Mrs. Brothard promised.
For the little that is worth, John spat.
I will give you five minutes to change your mind, the woman replied. Or else the girl dies.
John sighed loudly and Kaia tried to stand as still as she possibly could.
I dont need five minutes, John said. But I do need my security guard to come down and give me the appropriate keys.
What do you mean you dont have the keys? Perla asked suspiciously. Its your invention!
John shrugged. They dont trust me with keys. I have a tendency to hide them places.
Mrs. Brothard nodded slowly. I suppose. It does seem that then entire city knows how to get into this building one way or another. It certainly wasnt too difficult for us. She held up a set of keys in front of her and swung them around.
In that case, youll have to let me call him. John ignored the keys.
Only him, she said. Is he in the security room?
Yes.
Then hell be guarded by my guard. Send them both down. And no traps.
Of course, John said, and Kaia relaxed as a comfortable smile spread across his lips.






Clyde had no plan. He was watching the screens, memorizing every little thing that happened, hoping that the information would come in useful, and that he wouldnt end up sitting in this room forever feeling completely useless. The man with the knife had loosened his grip slightly, so Clyde sank back in his chair. He had to come up with a plan, and fast. Ivanna the Bard had once said, A man without a plan is no better than a rock, but Clyde thought that might be a little harsh.
Watching the screens was getting easier. Now that most people had left the building, the rooms began to go dark. He, of course, could still see, as all the cameras had dark lenses, but it was a completely different colour, so he could easily differentiate between the rooms with people in them and the rooms without. 
Then the comm buzzed. The man with the knife tensed, and Clyde felt the knife move closer to his neck. 
Answer it, the man said, handing it to him. But dont you even dare send any signals or youre dead.
Security guard, came Johns voice from the box. Could you please ask Lord J to escort you to the Door Room, by request of Perla?
What is this, some kind of trick? the man with the knife hissed. 
If the man holding a knife to your neck thinks its a trick, tell him Omaha.
The knife moved away from his neck by about a half an inch. Thats the code word, he replied.
Then we had better get going, Clyde said. You lead the way! Anything would be better than sitting here doing nothing except having the blade of a knife resting against his throat.
No, you lead the way. And leave that box thing here. And no talking. Remember, I have a knife and its a very short distance between the tip and your abdomen. Typically, I like to kill neatly, but for you, Id make an exception. A very, very messy exception.
I need keys, Clyde responded.
The man nodded as Clyde carefully picked them up. Then he slowly stood. He moved calmly to the exit, pushing down the panicky, screaming voice in the back of his head that kept telling him to do things like kick the man in the knee, start flailing about wildly, or cry. If these terrorists were down in the Door Room with John and Kaia, and John had asked Clyde to come down, then perhaps John had a plan.
The halls were quiet and dark, a far cry from the wild and chaotic scene he had witnessed not too long ago, and now everything seemed a bit creepy.
Seems a little too quiet, Clyde said pleasantly to his captor.
Shut up, Lord J hissed. No talking unless I say so.
Ivanna the Bard says that the best way to make friends is to begin by offering a friendly word, Clyde replied. His body tensed as he readied for his captors reaction.
Lord J laughed. Ivanna the Bard is a load of nonsense. You telling me you actually believe that crap?
I dont think belief has anything to do with it, Clyde answered, turning to look at the man walking a bit behind him. She was a real person and she had some very valuable things to say. Have you ever read her?
My ma used to read her to me as a kid, but I never really got the point. Get what you want, be happy, was what my da always said, and so thats what Ive done. Lord J waved his knife around as he talked.
I think Ivanna the Bard says something like that, too, Clyde replied. Your mom probably read you the boring stuff. She says, To live a life both happy and well, earn your place and love what you earn like a horse.
A horse? Lord J snorted. Well, makes sense I guess, but I like mine better.
Clyde slowed down a bit until he was walking alongside his captor. 
Your dad sounds like a very intelligent man, Clyde offered. 
Oh, he was. Best thief in the world, til his knee gave out on a museum job. Then the cops nabbed him in half a heartbeat. Good thing is, he didnt have his hands on anything, so he got a lighter sentence, just for trespassing, you know. They didnt have any evidence. Sent him off to some colony planet as a laborer. Nothing there to steal, they said.
Looking around, Clyde saw that they were coming to the end of the hallway; the entrance to the Door Room would be right around the corner, several floors down. If he remembered correctly, it was down a few floors on 23.
Elevators right up here, Clyde said. We have to go up a few floors.
They entered the awkwardly silent elevator  still no music, Clyde noticed disappointedly  and Clyde turned the key to turn on the elevator and pushed the button for floor 35.
Sure thats the right floor? Lord J asked gruffly.
Sure am! Clyde answered cheerfully.
They stood in silence as the elevator hummed slowly downwards. Then the doors slid open, revealing another empty hallway.
Clyde pointed forward, stepping into the hallway. The Door Room is around that corner.
Good. Lord J followed him from the elevator.
So your dad wasnt around much when you were a kid? Clyde continued from their previous conversation.
Doesnt mean he wasnt a good dad, Lord J replied defensively, scowling and looking away from Clyde.
Clyde took his chance and spun around, darting towards the closing elevator doors.
He slipped through and slammed his fist on the button that said 23. He heard Lord J thump against the outside of the closed door, yelling angrily at Clyde. 
Clyde took a deep breath and stepped away from the door. He waited in silence, holding his thoughts still until he reached floor 23. Then he sprinted from the elevator towards the Door Room. He knew he couldnt go in with guns blazing, since he didnt have a gun, so he did the next best thing: hands up.
Im here, he said as the massive doors to the room closed behind him.
In front of him stood a group of people arguing passionately about Door-related things. John was waving his hands about angrily; Kaias eyes were closed, her lips were moving, and her neck was quite close to being sliced with a very sharp-looking knife. The man holding it seemed oddly familiar to Clyde, but he couldnt put his finger on it. Then he remembered: Uncle Face. Quin stood on the edge of the room next to his Uncle Maxwell.
Uncle Maxwell? he asked.
The woman facing John turned around. Clydes eyes widened.
Mom? he gasped.
Clyde? the woman replied.
What are you doing here? Clyde asked. 
What are you doing here? Perla returned the question.
I work here! Clyde let his hands drop and crossed his arms in irritation. Why are you wearing that wig? And why Uncle Face here? He gestured towards the large man holding a knife to Kaias throat.
She spun to face John. Where is your other security guard?
Look at me! I am talking to you! Clyde ordered angrily. He was having trouble processing what was happening. He got stuck in another part of the building when we went into lockdown. Now tell me what you think youre doing!
Clyde watched in astonishment as she reached up and pulled off the black wig. In front his eyes, her face molded itself into the loving, motherly expression that had driven him crazy for so many years. She walked up to him and placed a hand on his arm.
Son, she said, I guess its time you knew.
He shrugged her hand off and stepped away from her. Knew what? He could feel an uncomfortable rumbling in the back of his brain, as if emotions were about to come spewing forth. From the corner of his eye he could see John grinning, but tried to ignore it. Learn to control your feelings and let them out when the time is right, not wrong  Ivanna the Bard would help him through this yet.
Our government is corrupt. I work alongside a select group of individuals who all work together to fight evil. We want to take what rightfully belongs to the people and give it back, like the great hero Robin Hood does on Earth.
Robin Hood wasnt real, John muttered, crossing his arms.
Shaking his head, Clyde looked away from his mother. He saw the knife at Kaias throat again and swallowed. What did she do? he asked, gesturing towards Kaia.
Who? His mother turned to look where he was pointing. Oh, her. Nothing  we werent going to hurt her! We were just trying to demonstrate our authority.
I see. Clyde swallowed and tried to fight back the deluge of confusing memories that suddenly made sense. Somehow he had been able to brainwash himself into believing that there was nothing odd or strange about his childhood, nothing unusual about his upbringing. But the man with the knife he knew now. Uncle Face  that clearly wasnt a real name  had been around for years when he was a kid. He had brought Clyde a few birthday presents, but Clyde hadnt been allowed to spend any real time with him. Then there were those book club meetings, when all sorts of oddly-dressed people showed up to the house and made banging noises in the study. There were so many clues, so many signals, and yet somehow he had managed to miss them all. The large sums of money he received as gifts at random times, his moms sudden and unexplained trips out of town, the random relatives that seemed to appear and then disappear without explanation, the big house in an expensive neighborhood, despite his mothers apparent lack of income: she wasnt unemployed at all, she simply took what she wanted.
Is dad even dead? Clyde asked as he pulled himself out from his own mental onslaught.
No, she said. Hes in jail, but I didnt think that was a good thing to go telling a four-year-old, do you?
When, then? Clyde demanded, raising his voice. When did you think it would be a good idea to tell me? Before or after you died? Before or after you got arrested for doing something harebrained and stupid? Before or after I got called into court to testify on your account, knowing nothing of your illegal ventures? How many people have you stolen from, Mom? How many people have you hurt? How many have you killed? He didnt stop, even as he watched her face fall and anger begin to replace the faux sincerity that she had tried to pull over on him only a minute before. Did you honestly expect I would think you were a good mother all these years just because you provided for me and made sure I had my lunch every morning? The answer is no. You kept these secrets, you lied to me, and quite frankly, you neglected me. Clyde took a breath, but before he could continue, his mother interjected.
I did it to protect you! she hissed. You think you would have rather grown up surrounded by thieves and murderers and criminals? You really think that was a better environment for a child than one in which he believed he was loved and protected by his mother? I love what I do, regardless of what you think of it, but there was no way I was dragging my son into it. If you had any sense at all, you would never have taken a job in law enforcement! I told you not to, remember? Then we wouldnt be in this situation at all! You should appreciate everything Ive done for you! You should love me! I am your mother, and you will respect me whether you like it or not!
No, Mom, Clyde stated, backing slowly away from her. I cant. Youre still holding a knife to Kaias neck.
Bad Face! Perla commanded. Put the knife down, but dont let the girl go.
Bad Face pulled the knife away from Kaias neck but kept it in the air in front of her, and didnt let go.
You and I are going to have a chat, she said, looking at Clyde, but then turned back towards John. But first, you are going to give me what I came here for.
I have your son, John said, and you have my intern. I think its really a draw this time.
Perla frowned and turned back to Clyde.
Where is Lord J?
Right here! a voice exclaimed, breathing heavily. Your brat made me run down twelve floors  that is twenty-four flights of stairs!
John chuckled. Serves you right.
Well, Perla said angrily, turning back to John, eyes narrowing. It seems we are no longer at a draw. I now have my son, she flicked her wrist and Clyde felt the cold metal of a knife press against his throat, and your intern. She flicked her wrist again and Bad Faces knife went back into its original position against Kaias neck.
Youd kill your own son? John asked.
No, but I might injure him or knock him out, Perla answered. Take me to the Door.
Fine. John sighed loudly and began to stomp his feet towards an office on the other side of the room.
Dont, Kaia hissed loudly. 
Be quiet, John said harshly. He did not turn to look at her.
But its got seven...
I said, be quiet, John emphasized. I am well aware of that fact, and it would behoove you to start counting  to a million this time.
Clyde felt Lord J shove him forward. Watch that knife! Clyde muttered. 
Serves you right for trying to be befriend me and pretend to care about my dad! Lord J replied. I thought you might actually not be the wimpy idiot I always thought you were, but turns out I was wrong.
I outsmarted you, Clyde pointed out. That always stings.
Lord J kicked him in the back of the knee and Clyde grunted, stumbling forward.
Lord J! Clydes mom scolded. No!
Standing up again, Clyde felt Lord Js breath on the back of his neck. Well finish this later, the criminal muttered.
John stopped in front of the office door. It may or may not be in here, he said. It is rather unpredictable.
Then we will go in there, and the building will stay locked down, until it is in my hands, Perla commanded. Now, please, lets go in.
They all entered the room. It was not a huge office, but it fit all six people with plenty of space.
John stood in the middle with his arms crossed, staring at Perla.
Clyde looked at Kaia. Her eyes were wide and she was staring right at him. He tensed. Something was about to happen. He had to be ready  for anything.






The sound of the monkeys running  no, swarming  was a grating, irritating noise, like someone scraping a washboard with a plastic garden fork while grinding their teeth into a microphone and humming the Song That Never Ends. Hazel couldnt see any of the ship as she and Pilgrim were rushed down the corridors. Monkeys ran across the ceiling, walls, and floor. As far as she could tell, there was even a layer of monkeys running on top of the layer of monkeys that ran on the architecture of the ship. All around her, fur and paws and little blinking eyes throbbed, and she felt very odd being swept along in this tide of robotic mammals.
Then, all at once, the swarm came to a halt.
Where are we? she asked, and then the monkeys swarmed again for a moment, creating a hole in the wall in front of her. My shop! 
The monkeys swarmed again and Admiral Hawkings appeared in front of her.
Admiral! she exclaimed.
The admiral looked very intimidating. Her arms were crossed and a frown lay across her lips, quiet and tense but ready to explode into a scowl at any second.
What is going on here? she demanded.
A monkey hung down between Hazel and Holland.
Bow to the emperor! it proclaimed.
No. Hollands scowl came out of hiding and slathered across her face.
I am Emperor Tamarin, a different monkey proclaimed, and the swarm of fur vibrated again, this time revealing a monkey wearing a crown.
Squeak? Holland asked, surprised. You rotten little monkey! This is my ship! What do you think you are doing?
We will rule Earth!
Holland scratched her nose. Why Earth?
Because this human can take us there!
Can you? Holland asked, turning to look at Hazel.
No, Hazel replied. I dont even know how I got here!
Lies! Emperor Tamarin boomed. The shop is your ship and you will take us to Earth!
The swarm of monkeys began to hiss and howl, and Hazel flinched as the noise catapulted into her eardrums. A moment later the door to her shop was open, and the mass of fur was flowing inside.
Hazel, Pilgrim hissed. Untie me!
Oh, right. Hazel turned and pulled at his bindings. A moment later he was free. He ran to Holland and the two began to confer. 
Hazel looked behind her, feeling a bit seasick as the walls of fur around her writhed and pulsed. She imagined this would be what it felt like to be on a very small ship on an ocean stirred up by a kraken. She hoped she never met one of those, and she hoped she found a way to escape from this surreal situation.
Where are you going? Holland asked suddenly.
What? Hazel looked down. Several monkeys had picked her up and were carrying her towards the shop. Help! she shouted.
Holland disappeared from her view as the monkeys carried Hazel into the shop.
You will show us how to operate your ship, Emperor Tamarin stated in a robotic tone.
But I dont know how! Hazel protested. She was beginning to feel quite overwhelmed. It was as if she were trapped in a strange dream and couldnt wake up. Tears began to well up in her eyes. Then she felt a hand at her elbow. It was Holland.
Its a computer virus, Holland whispered in Hazels ear. Were not sure where it came from, but were suspecting that the alien technology that hit our ship several hundred years ago... well, you dont care about this. We can figure it out. Ill be right here.
Hazel nodded.
Tell us! Emperor Tamarin boomed.
Crossing her arms across her chest, frowning, and taking a deep breath, Hazel yelled, I do not know anything! Now leave me alone, you horrible robot!
The little monkeys face suddenly changed into a terrifying mask. He hissed, showing his sharp teeth and beady eyes which now glowed with some internal light. Then, he spun around towards his swarm of monkeys and shouted, Explore the ship! Find the controls!
The monkey carpet scattered in a hundred directions, causing the writhing mass of fur to vibrate at a higher speed. Hazel saw Pilgrim sneaking in around the edge of the room.
He sidled up to Hazel; the monkeys were totally focused on their task and ignored him.
McGraff and Lieutenant Song are outside, weapons at the ready, he whispered. Im not sure how much good the guns will do, though, since we dont know what exact changes Squeak made to their physiology and programming.
I want them to hold their position until we have more information, Holland decided. Hazel, is this, in fact, a ship?
I dont know. It moves around, but Ive never been to space before! And it was always random  I never picked where it took me! It always stayed on earth, except for this one time I ended up in someplace called Pomegranate City.
Hazel watched Holland exchange a meaningful glance with Pilgrim.
Pomegranate City, you say? Thats where were from! Pilgrim offered.
Oh! Hazel frowned. Well, a man named John came in and did something in the back and then suddenly I was back on Earth again. I hadnt gone anywhere else until now.
Tell me Holland reached out and grasped Hazels arms. Did you ever imagine visiting other places?
Of course! All the time! The still-loyal monkey draped around her shoulders rapidly chattered her words into Hollands language.
Did you get to visit any of the places you imagined?
Hazels eyes widened. Oh... I did! I never noticed the connection though. Ive been to almost every place Ive imagined. And just yesterday I was thinking how neat it would be to go to space!
Holland turned back to Pilgrim, as the buzzing and screeching of the monkeys got louder.
Pilgrim, the emergency exit was in Corridor 11, right?
Yes, sir!
With an intense expression, Holland turned back to Hazel. My friend, she said, You need to imagine the man that came to fix your shop. Imagine talking to him, imagine his face, imagine that you need help. Do it now and dont stop until I say otherwise.
Nodding, Hazel closed her eyes and tried to block out the sound of the monkeys around her. Nothing made sense  nothing at all! Maybe if she imagined being somewhere else it would all go away  maybe she would wake up from this intensely real madness. Maybe this time when she woke up her father would be there, and he would have a nice hot cup of coffee steaming. He would be grinning at her, all excited because he had planned a surprise trip to climb a mountain or visit the ocean or ride on a camel. Maybe this time he would take her out on a hovercraft, just like he had always promised, and then they could get coffee afterwards.
Maybe.
She heard Holland yell and the sound of the monkeys quieted.
What do you want? Emperor Tamarin asked angrily.
How do you know that the trigger is inside the shop? Holland asked. Maybe its outside.
Hazel opened an eye to see a swath of monkeys flush through the door of the shop.
Go, Hazel said, and the next moment Pilgrim had disappeared after them.
Youre sure you dont know how to fly the ship? Holland asked.
No, I have no idea, Hazel replied. Maybe something in the back room?
Why do you think that? Emperor Tamarin demanded, flying down in front of her.
Because the man that came to fix the shop went into the back.
Show us! Emperor Tamarin demanded. Show us now! A path formed across the floor as the monkeys moved out of the way.
Holland nodded encouragement and Hazel began to walk forward slowly. As she neared the back room, she refocused her thoughts on the man, on the city, on the word Pomegranate...






Kaia was counting, just like John told her to, but she couldnt focus  couldnt keep her mind on the numbers. So she began to calculate instead; a seven-sided Door seemed impossible, but not when you added the basic principles of physics and geometry into the mix. A seven-sided Door could be an amazing piece of technology. It could be anything or do anything... or it could do nothing. What did John have up his sleeve?
Her brain froze as she felt Bad Faces knife move against the skin of her neck. On the one hand, a scar would be cool, especially if it came with a good story. On the other hand, she tended to store very important arteries in her neck, which were generally used to power her brain, and she thought that accidentally severing one might be to the end to her very promising career. She stood very still.
They were still talking, but then Clyde looked right across the room and into her eyes. She felt bad for him so she tried to smile, to be encouraging. It must have been very hard to find out that his mother was a criminal. Then, she turned her mind back to the seven-sided Door and let it run as a background program while she considered the situation around them.
Its one-to-one: four of them, four of us, she thought. That said, Quin might actually count as multiple people, and the strange man who talked to himself and thought pencils were magic might count as less than one. So maybe they had an advantage. If it was one-to-one, Quin could take out his immediate opponent if it werent Bad Face, but Bad Face could do the same if it werent Quin. But if Quin counted for two and Bad Face only counted for one she began to calculate the probabilities of each side winning, trying to assign numbers to each of the obvious variables: strength, size, wits, strategy, position, creativity. It was pleasantly distracting, but a difficult thought kept brushing against the mathematical formulas rushing through her mind: who would win: us or them?
Either way, there was still a knife to her throat.
She tuned back into the conversation as Bad Face nudged her towards her office. What had they been talking about? She sighed, frustrated that she had picked that moment to tune out the world around her in favor of math and logic.
Its in here, John said calmly, gesturing towards the room. But I will have to do some calculating, to figure out where it is and bring it back.
What do you mean, bring it back? Doors dont actually go anywhere! They let you go elsewhere!
This one goes places, John replied. Remember? Thats the one you wanted, right? The one that goes places? He frowned at her, wiggling his eyebrows in a very sarcastic manner and then continued. At least, it moves if it has a real person in it.
And does this one have a real person in it?
It does. John nodded.
Prepare to subdue this person as soon as the ship arrives or your intern Perla drew a finger across her neck.
Of course.
The crowd of people entered what was supposedly her office.
Kaia glanced at Quin. He was frowning. Was that a frown that meant, I understand this plan and am prepared to act when the time calls for it, or, I have no idea what the hell John is doing and this had better be a good idea or else? She gulped and felt the metal of the blade push against her skin again. She frowned as she caught a whiff of her captor  he smelled like sweat and oil and some kind of fruity soap.
It will just take me a minute, John said, sitting down in a chair against one wall.
What is that Door? Perla pointed to the Door sitting in the middle of the room  the one that was to be Kaias next assignment.
Oh, that one isnt important, John replied. Its just one that we were going to use for my students.
Where does it go?
Downtown, John answered, shrugging. Kaia knew he was lying, but figured it was probably just to protect the Door or maybe not the Door itself, but the secret of the Door.
Everyone in the room was looking at John, who simply sat down in the chair and closed his eyes.
What are you doing? Perla demanded. Bring me the Door!
Scowling, John opened his eyes and looked up at Perla. Look, he said. Honestly, Im trying to figure out how to bring you the Door! You didnt exactly warn me that you were coming, now did you? You didnt say, Hey, heads up, John, have the Door ready on Tuesday because Im coming to steal it, now did you? What do you expect? Its a Door that moves around based on the person that is in it. Now, I did program in a recall  always good to have one of those  but Im not sure how to figure out the coordinates of the Door so that we can use it. Now, if you could just get everyone to be quiet and let me think, then perhaps we can proceed!
As soon as John finished his tirade, he straightened his tie, sat back against the wall huffily, and closed his eyes again.
Kaia tried to imagine how John would program a recall into a Door that could move about on its own. She thought about the theories and the cognitive mathematics that would play a role. In order for it to work, the Door would have to have an override for the controllers thoughts, and, as John pointed out, he would have to know where the Door was. But maybe that wasnt true. If the Door in this room could really go anywhere, maybe they could use it to function as a recall... maybe they could pull it back from wherever it was by using another Door!
Uh, John? Kaia whispered. She froze as she felt Bad Faces knife push into her neck.
Yes? John said without opening his eyes.
I have an idea, she whispered, trying desperately not to move.
Hush, girl! Perla commanded.
You do not give orders to my intern! John retorted, jumping out of his feet and waving his hands around. Now let her talk. Bad Face, let up on that knife. He walked up to Kaia and looked her in the eyes. Perla nodded at Bad Face from behind John.
Kaia took a deep breath as she felt the cold pressure of the knife ease up. She swallowed and focused on Johns face.
Maybe, she began, if we used the Door...
You are a sweet, sweet, brilliant, extraordinary genius! he exclaimed, reaching out to shake her hand. She thought he might slip her something, like in the movies, but he didnt. She felt oddly disappointed. We should have found you years ago! Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant. Yes. Yes. Okay. Heres what we have to do. Quin, put Maxwell in the corner. Perla, please stand back. He turned to Quin, his face beaming and giddy with excitement. I am going to stick my head through the Door and you are going to hang onto my feet so I dont get sucked through.
Quin nodded and turned to Maxwell. He looked at him for a second, and then smacked his fist on the top of Maxwells head. Maxwell crumpled as John lay down on the floor in front of the Door.
What is going on? Perla demanded once again.
Were doing what you asked, so please shut up, John said politely.
You had better not be playing any games she began, but John cut her off.
Yes, yes or youll slice my interns throat. We got it already! Quin?
Quin bent down and grabbed Johns feet, as John began to crawl towards the Door. Kaia swallowed carefully, hoping that the movement wouldnt cut her throat accidentally. She remembered the feeling of pushing her hand through the Door, and wondered if it felt the same way when you stuck your head through slowly like that. Was it tingling and prickling? Was his skin being pulled? Did it boil his brains? Did it feel like he was going to get sucked through? What if he did get sucked through? What if Quin couldnt stop him? What if Quin got sucked through, too? What if the Door turned into a ravenous, living creature and swallowed everyone in the room? 
Kaia held her breath and glanced around. John was scooting towards the Door and everyone else was frozen, just staring at him; and then, before he had even touched the Door, everything changed. 
Kaia shrieked as Quin yanked John backwards from the Door. 
At the same time, a buzzing, throbbing, spinning, nausea-inducing swarm of furry little creatures materialized, crawling over every wall, corner, and flat surface. They made a scratching, gurgling noise that was quite painful  similar to a sharpened spoon being drawn over acres of fired pottery. Bad Face stepped back away from her and tripped over one of the creatures. Taking the opportunity, Kaia fled over to where Maxwell was just waking up in the corner. As she reached him, he began to laugh in an insane, crazy sort of way.
It is as I thought, he roared. When you remove the power from the madman he becomes just a madman once again! A pencil appeared in his hand and he began to wave it around. Chaos! he cried. It is mine! He rose slowly from the floor and darted forward into the melee.
Wait! Kaia exclaimed, but it was too late. She looked up, and suddenly her brain focused on the fact that Perla was screaming violently, while Quin stood perfectly still amid the chaos.
From her spot huddled against a wall, certain things began to stand out to her. Standing in the middle of the crowd were two women  one with long brown hair and the other with flaming red hair. The red-haired one carried one of the furry creatures around her neck. As she looked more closely, she could see that the furry creatures were, in fact, some sort of monkey and there seemed to be hundreds of them! Where had they come from? What was happening?
John stood up slowly, his mouth agape in astonishment. 
Well this is not what I expected, he said calmly over the noise of the monkeys.
One dropped off the ceiling and landed in Perlas hair. She screeched and clawed at her head, and Kaia could see that Clyde was watching his mother like a hawk.
Then, Quins voice boomed over the madness: QUIET.
It was an order which felt as if it was not for her or the monkeys or anyone in particular, but for the universe as a whole. Kaia was certain that all living things everywhere were closing their mouths, muffling their strings, or turning down the volume of whatever they used to communicate. The monkeys chattered for a moment, but slowly the room fell into a deadly silence, and the writhing mass of fur became still.
Then, from the crowd rose one monkey that was slightly larger than the rest. He was hovering in the air, which Kaia found very odd and a little disturbing.
I am Emperor Tamarin, the monkey proclaimed. And I am here to take over Earth! He began to laugh horrifically, a sound that reminded Kaia of a spoon in a blender.
Well, I hate to disappoint you, John replied. But this is not Earth, and we can definitely take you if youre in the mood for a fight.
The monkey laughed harder. You know not our strength! If you repent of your arrogance now, we might spare your life.
John turned to the woman with brown hair. Pardon me if Im stepping on your toes, he said quietly, and then turned back to the monkey and stated clearly: Two seven one one eight zero seven bravo.
The monkeys eyes widened. No, it whispered. No... no... BEEP.
Its head tilted forward and it appeared to go to sleep. The next moment, all of the other monkeys in the room did the same. It was a strange scene, Kaia thought. Hundreds of sleeping  robot?  monkeys, with heads tilted down and eyes closed, alive, and yet not alive.
An override? the woman asked, shocked.
John shrugged. As it turns out, Lake Oliphant programmed overrides into all of his robots, but decided not to tell anyone.
How do you know, then? she demanded.
If I tell you, will you promise not to rat me out?
The woman gave him a look that could melt a steel planet floating in a time lock and surrounded by the meanest robot aliens in the universe.
Okay, okay, he said sheepishly, running his fingers through his hair and straightening his tie. I stole his journal from a private collection. But I put it back, I promise! And I will write the override down for you before you leave.
Kaia glanced around the room, feeling confused. It appeared she was not the only one. Perla stood with her arms crossed and hair mussed from the robot monkey attack, looking annoyed; Maxwell was sitting waist deep in monkeys with a confused expression; Quin looked as if he was wound as tightly as a spring; and John was grinning like it was his birthday.
Now that weve gotten that sorted out, he said, why dont we see if we can figure out whats going on here?






Hazel was stunned. What had just happened? Her shop, swarming with an infestation of robot monkeys, had suddenly materialized around the man she had been remembering, who had essentially ordered the monkeys to shut down. And they had shut down. Just like that. Now she was surrounded by a sea of strangers and dead robots. She closed her eyes and pinched herself, but she didnt wake up.
Hazel, John said, turning to face her. Im really sorry to drag you into this, but its so good to see you! He air kissed around her cheeks. And Holland! He turned to face the Admiral. Im sorry about our awkward meeting, but you are a legend and I consider it an honor to have met you! My name is John. When is it in your timeline?
I just woke up, Holland replied stonily, probably still irritated about not knowing the override code for her own shipbot. What is going on here?
Well, I have to admit, I am a bit surprised that Hazel ended up on your ship, and Im really sorry about that. Right now were just in the middle of a hostage situation and I needed the element of surprise which, I must say, you provided quite well.
What is the meaning of this? a woman in a black dress screamed, stomping forward. Where is my Door?
Why, youre standing in it, Perla, John replied. Look around you! Unfortunately, for it to work I will have to recalibrate it to your frequency, so Im afraid youll have to give me just a few more minutes.
Bad Face, Perla shouted. 
A lump in the middle of the monkeys stirred and then fell quiet.
Lord J, she said a little more quietly. No one answered. Hazel looked around but didnt see anyone move.
Maxwell, Perla said, after a pregnant pause.
From the corner, a loud hum began to sound, increasing in volume until it became a shriek. Then, from a heap of monkeys, a figure barreled towards Holland. She put up her hands to defend herself, but his momentum was too much and they toppled over and disappeared under the monkeys. 
Quin, John stated, almost as if he were making an unspoken request.
A huge black man stepped forward, put one hand into the squirming blanket of fur, and pulled out a wriggling, writhing little man whose face was angry. He lashed out, but the black man was too strong and had him quickly subdued.
You! the man shouted. Its you!
What are you talking about? Holland asked, picking herself up off the ground and dusting off her clothes. What about me?
Youre the one in the picture! Youre her! Youre the one that ruined my life! If it werent for you, he never would have picked him over me! The man spit in Johns direction.
Okay, Maxwell, John said, holding up his hands. Id like to pause everything right now and figure out what exactly is going on in your head. Youve been stalking me for years  dont think I havent noticed. And now, out of the blue, you break into my office to steal what?
The pencil, Maxwell hissed. The only reason you succeeded and I failed  unfair favouritism!
You really think thats the reason you werent successful? John asked.
Quin cleared his throat and raised an eyebrow. Hazel thought that must be a message of some sort  maybe, please explain.
John nodded an acknowledgement to Quin. Okay, he said, so when we were kids in the orphanage, we got called up for a meet and greet. This gentleman called me cute and said I reminded him of his son. Then he gave me a pencil, told me it was magic, and told me to work hard and be successful. Then he donated a bunch of money and left.
And I, Maxwell growled, what did I get? Nothing! My whole life, all I wanted was to touch the pencil, to hold it, to learn to wield its power!
Dont you think youre too old for magic pencils? John asked. 
Never! Maxwell roared. Maddy he pointed at John, get him!
Maxwell, Perla interjected harshly. Maddy isnt real. She never was, never has been, never will be.
Hazel frowned. She felt like she had been dumped in the middle of a story, with no clue which direction was the beginning and which was the end. Clearly there was a much bigger issue going on here  but how had she ended up in the middle of it?
Maxwell began to thrash and spit in Perlas direction. How dare you! How dare you say such things about my Maddy! She is the most beautiful, intelligent Quin dropped him and he took off towards Perla. wonderful, amazing, sweet, funny
Then everything was a haze of fur and limbs and hate as Maxwell kicked and clawed his way through the sea of monkeys towards his half-sister.






Clyde watched with a dazed indifference as everything went to hell and came back again, and then took a return trip. He wasnt sure he would ever be able to tell the story of his first day at work because no one would believe him. The strangest part was that no matter how strange and chaotic everything was, all he could see was his mother. She was in the center of the commotion, making a fuss, demanding things be her way  and he realized that she had always been this way. In restaurants, the food was never good enough. At playgrounds, the other kids were always the ones being naughty. At school, it was unacceptable for teachers to give him anything lower than a B. And now, he was seeing this same behavior, but on a much larger scale. She was no longer an over-protective mother ensuring that life was perfect for her son. She was now an over-protective mother who was also a thief, a liar, and possibly a murderer.
He watched as Quin dropped Uncle Max, who immediately made a beeline for his mother. It was Ivanna the Bard who had said, Your parent is she who gave you life and he who kept you going. In all you do honor this gift. He nodded. It was as if he could hear the great teacher speaking directly to him, through all the noise, chaos, and insanity that surrounded him.
Without another moments hesitation he stepped forward and plowed one fist through Maxwells nose. Maxwells rapid momentum was interrupted and he fell sideways, clutching at his nose and crying profusely.
You hurt Maddy! he yelled and then broke into sobs.
Oh, Clyde! his mother gasped, turning to look at him. You are a wonderful son.
Clyde turned towards Quin and held up his hand; Quin tossed him a pair of handcuffs.
Youre under arrest, Mom, he said quietly. Everything you say can and will be used against you, and even though Im not a licensed police officer, I will testify against you in court.
Her mouth dropped open as he snapped on the handcuffs and guided her through the quagmire of monkeys towards the Door.
Uh, wait a second, John called. I think weve moved again.
Clyde looked out the window of the little tourist shop. He saw metal walls, a sign proclaiming that only authorized personnel were allowed outside, and not a whole lot else.
John turned to look at the red-haired woman he called Hazel.
Hazel muttered in a foreign language.
Dont apologize, Hazel, John said kindly.
Hazel said something else.
Let me see it! John reached out and took the monkey that she had been holding around her neck. He fiddled with it for a moment and then it began to beep.
Sorry, it said. My translation monkey doesnt work anymore.
Bit of a delayed reaction, John said. But that should help.
Thanks! the monkey repeated after Hazel. 
You should probably get out of the shop, John said to Holland. Then well deal with this so you can get back to dealing with your lost passengers. A serious look crossed his features. I am very sorry for your loss.
How did you know about that? she demanded. 
John only shrugged.
Well, if you wont tell me that, at least tell me what that man over there has got against me. Ive been asleep for six hundred years!
Ah, yes! I believe your late husband, Johann, donated money to various orphanages all over Sagitta, including mine. He was the one that gave me the magic pencil.
Holland still had a confused expression on her face, and Clyde agreed with it.
I dont understand.
Hes a madman. John shrugged. He thought magic was real. He thought the magic pencil made me successful. Hes been trying to get that pencil from me since we were kids. I just didnt realize that the pencil was still the issue  I thought he had something else that he was mad at me about.
Holland was nodding. So my husband gave you a pencil was it because you were named John?
John nodded.
Yeah, that was our sons name. He gave you a pencil and told you it was magic. That sounds like him. Holland reached up to tuck her hair behind her ears. So let me get this straight. My husband gave you this magic pencil, and this gentleman, Maxwell, saw him give it to you, thought it was really magic, and has been tracking it down ever since. Her face took on an expression of disbelief.
Thats about it, John replied, a grin spreading across his features. I should probably just give it to him.
He stole it, Quin said.
Oh, the one in the frame? Thats not the real one. I hid the real one in my sentimental box. That one was just to remind me that someone else paid for my education. Although I guess all that matters is that he believes it was the real one.
A muffled moan came from the huddled, bleeding heap named Maxwell.
Well, Admiral Holland Hawkings, John said in a tone of finality. It has been a pleasure to meet you.
And you, sir, she replied, reaching out to shake his hand. I will take just Squeak  or Emperor Tamarin, as he apparently likes to be called  since he is our real shipbot. I will have a technician run virus software and he should be fine. The rest of the monkeys are all yours. I hope you enjoy them. She turned to face Hazel. It was a strange meeting.
Hazel nodded. It was, the monotone voice of the monkey said.
Please, if you can avoid it, dont bring your ship back to mine. It causes electrical problems.
I wont. Hazel reached out her hand.
Holland shook it and then turned and left the shop.
Take us home, John said, or, I mean, back to the Globe if you please. Just think Globe and Pomegranate City.
Without so much a sensation of movement, Clyde looked out the windows of the shop, and there they were: home.
He reached down unceremoniously, grasped his mothers arm, and led her from the shop.






Kaias brain went wild as soon as John said, Admiral Holland Hawkings. She knew who that was  the famous Admiral who led the Lonely Whelk, as the tales went, through a storm of alien fighter ships and emerged on the other side, alive. She had lost a large percentage of her passengers, but the ship survived due to the diligence of her brother. Then she rose from a deep slumber and piloted the ship, her crew, and her passengers to the Ocean Planet, where they settled down and colonized a world by hand for the first time in the history of Sagittan civilization. They created man-made islands across the waters, terraformed massive icebergs, and raised several generations of children before they lost contact.
But the most amazing part was that Kaia knew all this. She knew what was going to happen to Admiral Hawkings. Holland had said that she had just woken up, and yet... Kaia shook her head, the gears spinning faster and faster. John had done it  the crazy genius had done it! He had built a time-traveling Door! It wasnt just a Door that moved itself through space. It wasnt just a Door that could do amazing and incredible things. It wasnt just a Door that seemed to defy all mathematical probability. It was real and it could travel in time. 
When her thoughts calmed enough for her to realize what was going on around her, Hawkings was gone and Clyde was guiding his mother out of the shop. She knew for sure that they were back in Pomegranate City when security guards in black sunglasses began to stream into the room to escort the thieves to their new accommodations and pick up the robotic monkeys littering the floor.
She looked up at John, who was frowning at her.
You... you... she stuttered. You... you...
The biggest grin she had ever seen spread across his face and spilled out into the air around him. His mouth, his eyes, even his ears were grinning. He put one finger up to his lips.
Shhh, he said. Its a secret.
Kaia nodded, mouth still agape, and watched as he turned away to deal with the situation at hand.

*******

The next several hours passed in a whirlwind of excitement. Kaia followed John around as things seemed to resolve themselves, if chaotically. First, Quin locked up Perla, Maxwell, Bad Face, and Lord J in the security cells. Then he took Clyde, and the two of them set about canceling the lockdown. Rock and the police arrived, and, between them and the rest of Globe security, they had the entire building cordoned off in a matter of minutes, labeling it a crime scene.
Kaia was questioned, but she barely heard what they asked her. The bright lights, loud noises, and utter chaos were impacting her ability to process information, until finally the police officer said she could answer the questions tomorrow. John was bouncing around as if it were his birthday, but this seemed to be his typical reaction to life in general, and Kaia figured she had probably better get used to it. Hazel walked around in a daze with the monkey around her neck. She got questioned too, but John told them she was just a bystander and then the police left her alone.
Clearly, John wanted to keep this new Door a secret. Apparently the world wasnt ready for time travel. She imagined it was for this reason that she found herself being carefully tucked away by John in a closet with Hazel.
Hi, she said quietly. The darkness of the closet was comforting, and it was good to get away from all of those people, but she still wished she could be alone.
Hi, Hazel replied  or at least that was how the monkey interpreted it. Whats happening? she asked.
John doesnt want them to ask us questions, Kaia answered, I guess because we know too much.
Hazel nodded. What was your name?
Im Kaia, Johns intern. How can you understand what Im saying when the monkey doesnt repeat it?
John gave me translation stones that I put in my ears. Hazel gestured towards one of her ears, but Kaia couldnt see anything.
I didnt know that technology existed, Kaia said.
I didnt either. Hazel grinned. So can I ask  what exactly do I know too much about?
Your ship can travel in time, Kaia replied. Hazels eyes widened until they were so big that Kaia thought she could see all the way to Hazels optic nerve and sclera if she had the right kind of light.
Time travel isnt possible, is it?
Kaia shrugged. John says it is, and so does some of my math, although I havent had time to do all of it.
But but how?
Well Kaia began, but then the door to the closet burst open and John stood there, smiling cheerfully. 
Sorry about that, ladies, he said. Hazel, I want you to turn that monkey off. I told the police everything that you know and I want you not to be able to speak their language. Pretend you have no idea whats going on.
Hazel nodded and reached up to turn a switch on the monkeys tail.
John led her to the police officer and then guided Kaia away from the conversation.
The brown furry robot monkeys were carted away by a team of graduate students to be studied and used. As they walked, John explained that the original robot  Squeak  who created all of these monkeys, had been built by someone named Lake Oliphant XIII, Engineer, who had died at a premature age. Kaia, of course, had heard of the famous engineer, but hadnt known just how many robots he had ultimately created.
Finally, the commotion faded into the background as they rounded a corner and stepped through a doorway. Kaia felt relieved as she sank into a chair in a white-walled classroom. John plopped down on the floor and leaned against a wall.
So what just happened? Kaia asked as the gears in her brain began to click into place. She could remember bits and pieces; an image of Hazels hair peeking out from behind a column; Clydes hands resting on his mothers handcuffs; fluorescent lights glinting off of Quins bald head; a notebook with the words psychopathic nut job written on a page; Hazels huge eyes staring at her in surprise.
I thought you may have shut down a bit, John said kindly. You looked a bit like a robot with an overloaded hard drive. In short, we mopped up the mess. Perla and her crew have been taken to jail. Clyde is babbling quotes from Ivanna the Bard at our in-house counselor. Maxwell will be taken to the Peabody Asylum where he will be taken good care of. And now it is my turn to debrief you.
He sat silently for a moment, giving her time to absorb everything that he had said. Then he straightened his tie  decorated with a dragon breathing fire  and began to pace back and forth.
As you have probably realized, the seven-sided Door is no ordinary Door.
Its a time machine, Kaia blurted.
Well, yes. I mean, not exactly, but yes. It is limited to places and times which have Doors. For instance, the Ford Theatre where Abraham Lincoln was killed does not have a Door, so we couldnt pop by and find out who killed him.
Couldnt we go to a Door someplace else on the planet and just walk there? Kaia asked.
John frowned. Maybe, but the farther away you go, the less likely you are to make it in time for the event. The Door has one fatal flaw: it becomes more and more unstable when it goes to the same place multiple times  like we did today. If you use a different Door or a different time-Door I think it would be fine, but I havent tested it, and probably wont. I think time travel is too dangerous, and I am going to send Hazel back to Earth and then teach her how to stay in one place. I cant have the rest of Perlas crew  the ones who arent going to jail  figuring out where I hid it. Then, when I die, I will release the formula to the public and they can deal with the consequences.
I figured it out, Kaia said softly, leaning forward and putting her head on the desk in front of her. And I told Hazel.
John nodded. I imagined you would figure it out, once you knew it was a theoretical possibility. I would appreciate it if you kept quiet about it. I will talk to Hazel, too, so she understands.
It was Kaias turn to nod, albeit a very slow nod.
Now I have to send Hazel home. Would you care to join me?
They stood and headed back towards the Door Room. The spinning in Kaias head had subsided a great deal. She was feeling calmer  more focused on the world around her and less on the world inside her head. Hazel was sitting in a chair next to the office hosting the Door when they entered, where the police had left her after their conversation. She slowly stroked the soft fur of her translation monkey.
How are you? John asked.
Fine, she replied, the robot repeating her words so that Kaia could understand. Just a little tired and confused. And I really want to go home.
I am going to teach you how drive your ship, John said, although youve probably mostly figured it out.
They headed towards the little tourist shop, now sitting awkwardly inside Kaias office.
They dont have cognitive mathematics on Earth yet, John began, but this branch of physics basically proves that human thought and behavior can be mathematically determined.
Well, that takes all the fun out of things, Hazel said.
Its incredibly difficult, he continued, because it involves allowing for so many variables. So its only semi-useful in the long run. Its easy to do the math wrong. Except Kaia-kee always gets it right. He smiled at her.
She flushed and shook her head. Not when its cognitive mathematics, I dont, she muttered.
So the basic idea is that you think where you want it to go. Then you activate the target indicator  in this case, walk through the door into the back room of the shop.
I think about it, Hazel said incredulously. Thats it?
Dont knock the science! John frowned a little, but the expression didnt last long. It sounds simple, but its really not.
I have another question, Hazel said, turning to look at John with her hands on her hips. Why is my shop a magic disappearing spaceship? What did you do to it? And why my shop?
Kaia turned to look at John, too. She felt rather curious herself.
John looked sheepish and ran a finger through his hair. Well, he began hesitantly, a little embarrassed smile crossing his lips. It may have been a mistake of sorts.
Kaia could feel herself start to grin. She could tell this was going to be good.
Well, Earth is something of a habit for me.
Obsession, a deep voice sounded from behind them.
Kaia jumped. Once again she had not noticed Quin standing right behind her. A small amused smile flashed across his features for a fraction of a second.
Perhaps a small obsession, John conceded.
Hazel raised her eyebrows.
So a few years back  our years, mind you, theyre longer than your years  I snuck over to Earth. Were not supposed to do that, you see. Its against all the rules. And I mean all the rules, right up to  well, God.
Anyway, I wanted to try this thing I read about called a Pub Crawl. Its this thing where people go from bar to bar
I know what it is, Hazel interrupted.
Right. Of course you do. Youre from Earth. John nodded and began to untie and retie his tie. So at my first bar, I met your dad. A really nice fellow, he was, and extremely smart, too. He bought me a drink and we started talking.
I see, Hazel nodded with understanding. My dad was exactly the sort of person who would meet someone like you. Let me guess  you talked about physics.
We did! John grinned as he remembered. After about the third drink I was feeling well, that way you feel
Drunk, Hazel suggested.
and I started telling him about some science that is way beyond Earth. I am extremely lucky your father is a trustworthy guy. I told him about my idea for a time machine based on the new Door he looked at Kaia. the Bridge Door I talked about in class this morning?
Kaia nodded in understanding.
By the time I finished telling him about it, I was convinced that all I needed was a place to do it. He was a bit drunk too, at this point (although not as drunk as me), and told me to do it to his shop.
And you did, Hazel offered. Where was I?
You were sleeping on the little cot in the back room. We went back and your dad sent the babysitter home. I was very quiet, I promise.
So how come we never went anywhere while my dad was alive? Hazel asked.
John shrugged. I dont think he believed it worked. But when he died, the ship attached itself to the nearest living thing because it needs a brain to direct it. That was you. 
No kidding, Hazel muttered, reaching forward and pushing open the door to her demolished shop. The graduate students had done their best to clean up, but it still looked like the night after a party full of teenagers.
John turned to look at her. Anyway, all you have to do, he said, is decide you want to go somewhere and direct your thoughts in that direction. Then step through the door into the back room. Also, try not to go to the same place twice. It will destabilize the technology. This is experimental technology, remember.
Hazel nodded, and turned back to look at Kaia and John. Will I ever see you guys again? she asked. I mean, if I dont decide to come here myself?
Ill stop by as often as you want, John replied. Or you can find me by mailing this address. He handed her a piece of paper.
Quin grunted and shook his head.
What? Kaia asked.
A post office box on Earth, Quin muttered.
Shhh! John hissed. That is a secret.
A smile began to slowly blossom across Hazels face.
What? John asked.
I dont have to go anywhere if I dont want to. Her smile grew broader.
Yes John stated slowly, raising an eyebrow.
That means I can have friends. Maybe date. Or buy groceries without worrying if my shop will leave without me.
Yes...
Her smile turned into a blazing beaming grin, spreading across her face like a sunset. And I can go back and visit my fathers grave. And I can pay taxes! 
Kaia smiled as she watched Hazel do a little dance.
It was nice to meet you, Hazels robot repeated as Hazel held out her hand towards Kaia.
And you, Kaia replied.
Oh, and hang onto those jewels, John said, gesturing to her ears. Theyre expensive and might come in handy.
I will! Hazels grin widened even more. And now Im going home!
Safe travels, Kaia said, and as she watched, first Hazel disappeared into the back room of the shop, and then the shop disappeared altogether. It was as if it had never been there.
John turned to Kaia.
I think you can go home now.
Kaia sighed with relief, her whole body relaxing as she began to imagine the deep comfort of her mattress, her head sinking into the soft pillows, cool sheets wrapping around her legs
one more thing, John interrupted her train of thought. He held out his hand and grinned. Welcome to the Globe.
Kaia smiled, shook his hand, and then she went home.







How are you, hm? Mr. Oliphant asked Maxwell Dippings, villain.
That isnt the right question, Maxell answered.
How is Maddy? Mr. Oliphant corrected.
She is terrible! Maxwell whined. You should have seen that evil, horrible, stupid, nephew person punch her in the nose. She says it still hurts, and its red and bruised and the Doctors wont even look at it! I am so mad. Can you please do something about it?
I will see what I can do, Oliphant replied, glancing at Maxwells broken and bruised nose. So how are you?
I am fine. There is good food here. He nodded, looking around the large room. They sat at white picnic-table style tables that were chained to the floor. A few other therapist-patient pairs sat at other tables around the room. Maxwell leaned forward conspiratorially. The food tastes better than pigeon. And I like the colours here. He gestured towards the beige walls and white tables, and then leaned back nonchalantly and looked around.
Can you tell me what happened at the Globe, hm? Mr. Oliphant asked. He was very curious. After all, the whole incident had been very hush-hush.
I stole the pencil but it was the wrong one. Then my own family betrayed me! I am glad I am here. Its better than out there, although I do miss my pillows. He tapped his finger on the table. There were lots of monkeys, too. Evil ones. Brown and grey with big white mustaches. The big black man picked me up, but it didnt hurt. It just hurt when my own nephew punched Maddy. The gall! To punch a girl! And a beautiful one, at that!
Mr. Oliphant nodded and scribbled, delusions of monkeys, in his notebook.
How did the whole incident make you feel, hm? he asked.
Mad. Sad. Frustrated. But mostly mad. He nodded rapidly. Definitely mad.
Mad, Mr. Oliphant scribbled in his notebook.
Has anything interesting happened this week?
Oh yes! Maxwell replied. John came to visit.
Oh really?
He said that I was right and he was wrong and that I deserved the pencil after all these years.
Did he, hm?
Maddy said he was lying, but I think he was telling the truth. You know why?
Why?
Because he brought me the pencil. But the nurses wont let me have it. They said I can have it when Im better. But they dont understand that it will help me get better! Its magic, you know! Maxwell was getting more and more animated. He waved his hands in the air and spoke loudly.
I think having it nearby will be very helpful for you, Mr. Oliphant said.
That is probably true, Maxwell answered, calming down slightly.
Well, Mr. Dippings, Mr. Oliphant said, I think you had a traumatic experience, but I think you are going to do very well here.
I never want to leave, Maxwell agreed.
We are going to try to help you get better, Mr. Oliphant said.
And Maddy, too.
Of course. Mr. Oliphant scribbled, what to do about Maddy? in his notebook. I will see you next week, hm.
He stood and the nurses guided him to the front door of the asylum. He was glad they had put Maxwell in one of the nicer ones.
As he walked down the steps, he glanced at the looming building behind him and shrugged. Perhaps he should have called the police after all.






EPILOGUE












The crew cheered when she stepped out of the shop holding Squeak. She turned around just in time to see it vanish from behind her, without a noise or a flicker. One moment it was there, and the next it was gone.
Pilgrim gasped. What happened to Hazel? he asked.
Shes back where she belongs, Holland stated calmly. She held out Squeak to McGraff. I want you to round up any of the other monkeys that are remaining and shut them down. The override code is two seven one one eight zero seven bravo. Have Henry run a virus scan on all of them. We cant have this getting out of control again.
Lieutenant Song, please begin rounding up a team to evaluate the condition of the arboretum. We will need to begin producing live food as soon as possible, as well as harvesting what is already growing.
Pilgrim, I want you to come with me. Everyone else, please continue with your assigned duties.
Yes, sir! her soldiers replied. They saluted sharply and then hurried off into the depths of the ship. 
When everyone had gone, she turned to Pilgrim.
Pilgrim, she said, for the next four hours, you are in charge. I am going to my quarters where I am going to have a hot bath and a vodka on the rocks. The only valid reasons for disturbing me are... none. There are none. Please inform the crew that I will be with them as soon as possible.
Of course, Pilgrim said. Is there anything I can do to help you?
You can get yourself ready. We are going to fly this ship through hell and high water with no more unnecessary deaths  not a single one!  and then we are going to colonize that damn planet! Do you understand me? She scowled in his general direction.
Yes, sir! he exclaimed, saluting.
Now go supervise the waking of this old, lonely Whelk. 
As everyone turned to attend to their duties, Holland was left alone in an empty hallway. Her footsteps echoed and she smiled, glad that she was awake, glad that she was alive, glad that her body was functioning properly and that the waking of the ship was reasonably under control.
What happened today was unreal, strange, weird and yet she felt calm and secure. That man, John, whom her husband had liked as a child, he had been so excited to meet her. At least she was favored back at home. But what about Hazel? Holland still didnt really understand why she had come, or what those people back in Pomegranate City had been trying to steal, or any of what was going on. But Hazel and her shop were off of the Whelk, the monkeys were shut down, and the individuals who remained were waking up.
It seemed that it would be the most helpful and logical if she just put the whole incident behind her.
I will put it all behind me, she stated in a calm and straightforward manner. Her voice echoed in the corridor.
Then, Holland, Admiral of the Lonely Whelk, turned and hobbled down the old metal hallways of home towards a hot, relaxing bath; there she proceeded to mourn the loss of her husband, her son, and her shipmates, and afterwards, she led thousands of people to Sagittas first manual planetary colonization.
It was a success.


Acknowledgements

When I first burst into the world as a squalling, screaming ball of grossness, my mother was there to yell right back at me. She is still here, supporting and encouraging me every step of my authors journey. My dad was there at my birth as well, staring deep into my eyes and begging me not to go bald. I did go bald temporarily, but I have grown up in his footsteps, both with my hair and in my writing career.

I would also like to throw out a special thanks to Zoe Cannon, an amazing writer in her own right, in addition to my copyeditor and cover-putter-together-er. Without her, this book would be not here. Go check out her website: www.zoecannon.com.

Finally, I would like to say thank you to Deidre, my mentor. In addition to occasionally smacking some sense into my head, she has supported and encouraged me to keep up the hard work, even when Im cranky and tired. I will be ever grateful.

About the Author

A lifetime writer and lover of cats, Ariele Sieling delves into the exciting possibilities of science fiction from her home on the shores of the Atlantic Ocean. From Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle to the intricate behaviors of bees, she looks for stories wherever she goes.

Find Ariele on Facebook, Google+, Goodreads, and Twitter. For updates on new releases, and sign up for her newsletter.



