The Adventures of Tinchi

Wong Hing Yip
	
Copyright 2014 by Wong Hing Yip
	
Smashwords Edition 

Tinchi brought backpacks, marching bicycle ,  but had no idea about the adventure, danger in the future marching !

Farewell years in Hong Kong , but also determined the memory area of the brain as soon as possible all the helplessness, humiliation , hardship to wash off !

Yes, thirteen years old later , he was almost nothing a good day at all, only to had a happy day , and this was a scene with her : this way abandoned to their own quietly support , or left alone to face again and again on the marriage vision wore the wedding dress was postponed lost angels . Tinchi that it was time to let go of her, so she did not become a so-called left women , as well as conditions of choice, at least to find a normal family environment , normal life style  man or dating or married off , did not need to worry about money,be a normal life in Hong Kong .

His written off in what's app marked : I go, forget me !

Thirteen years old, his  parents divorced , had begun to tighten their belts for four walls , he hoped to use the knowledge to change the fate , pure filled-duck eighties education system , so his teen life had no hobbies, no sports  , only hard studying  !

Nerd behind, was not without interest , singing along with his growth , so it should be added one : In addition to food warm to sleep , that was songs to sing !

The days of living in cubicles, singing , study , sitting parks, became his sustenance !

His greatest achievement in school , was the One to three full- stage second , and third consecutive school solo singing contest champion !

To a certain extent , so he could get good grades , and stay upon his diligent than other students , and memory was better, however, this advantage in high school , began to fade away !

Understanding of the cost of re- memorize light gradually emerge , to the examinations , but losing only pick one B two C. This results, in fact, could also enroll in six secondary  schools , but the mother's sudden illness , and the quarrel of a joke , so Tinchi all of a sudden could only choose to day work of the road.

Coming back to his mother , grumpy woman, to a certain extent forced to find her husband embarked on the road of Affair  . A man walked domestic work , met a gentle continent woman in Hong Kong almost every day of the story , and his wife went to his company selected hysterical shouting matches , could not get the last room for maneuver !

And her relationship with family members was also appalling . Tinchi  remember childhood to visit grandmother , whateverf New Year or birthday, always broke every time , after mother always loved to say to himself how bad grandmother was, uncle and aunt how preferences , which made this family  , creating a sense of fear and resist !

Thus, even if two mother & son living together, quarrel or dispute was commonplace !

In Shennan Road cycling slowly along the way !

Broadband grew flat expanse of road, the level of scattered glass curtain wall commercial, Tinchi  little confused lost .

"Anyway, there is endless time , as in Shenzhen walked circles, a closer look at the attitudes of life here ."

Phone rang constantly, he knew was her call, was concerning his safety . However, he was afraid he would relented , returned to Hong Kong , so the phone shut , thinking on emergency treatment and then open the way to save power !

Shennan Avenue in the left-hand side you can see Hong Kong's Tin Shui Wai , Tinchi deliberately not looking left , for fear of being brought back all sorts of unpleasant in Hong Kong , and marching north toward the car .

Do not know how long after , he started a little thirsty , so went to Fu Tian District, a convenience store to buy drinks , and camping needed supplies . At the same time , a promotion of food sales representatives , was eloquent introducing new products to the shopkeeper .

Tinchi  not help but think a little bit to run the business in Hong Kong ......

Was forced to drop out of school Tinchi , had no idea for his career path  , scattershot clue. Look after the newspaper , found a salesperson to sell the cash register . Began his business career , however, he was most impressed , and the most nostalgia , was later a sales representative selling household goods .

This company was operating all types of household goods wholesale , the target market was a small congregation home goods stores, grocery stores , drugstores and even pharmacies . Boss was more than 30- year-old youth , initially in this company was also a salesperson , and because he was quite strenuous industrious reason , it was very please the old boss favor, handover the whole company to him .

Boss was a great emphasis on employee loyalty , he would prefer to employ a staff with common but honest staff performance , instead of employing a salesperson who had outstanding performance but tricky .

"Oh ! Coke  ! 'd Like some bottled LPG and travel size toothpaste, toothbrush. "

"Welcome, we have "

" Young people , you seem come from Hong Kong , holding so many things , and marching bicycle to get where ? " The owner looked up and down on him  , can not help heart curiosity.

"What's on where to place it ! Anyway, is to stray! "

"OMG! You come to the mainland stray ? Very dangerous, not road rage is ruthless , you suffer any stimulation ? Hong Kong? Can buy everything! Everyone wants to visit" Shopkeeper widened focus .

" The problem is not good or bad , but in Hong Kong I was unhappy, I felt my character should be suitable for other countries, so I have to seek for a place more suitable for development of my career , coupled with the fundamental neither visited many places , wants to enlighten me on the outside world ."

"Ha ha, you left your wife ? "

" Ah ... " Tinchi  began to reveal an angry color , the shopkeeper asked some repeated ad nauseam .

"Sorry , but just hope you will be careful on the way  ,thanks sixty-seven dollar ,"  , immediately called rounders .

"Thank you"

After the departure of Tinchi  , thinking there was a Lotus Hill Park nearby ,  could try his skills learned in Hong Kong , could earn living , so speed up the pace, marching toward the park !

Like other parks in China , there were a lot of street singers .  where  Tinchi  thought about singing , and later thought and thought , too many people doing the same thing , the competition was too great ,maybe playing musical instruments was better. However, many instruments, such as guitar or keyboard   , too bulky for him , so he picked the most lightweight, can be placed in a pocket harmonica , not only performing a living, but also  amused in the long and lonely road. 

Dusk Lotus Hill Park Great Lawn , numerous singing and music lovers , trying all their best,hoped to win a little bit of an opportunity to be appreciated , though to the last and perhaps futile ! Tinchi slowly picked up the harmonica , gently on the lips , to evoke the melody softly !

He first played Hong Kong singer several songs , initially responded in general, only one or two passing , and looked him over , he let some small change , without deliberately stopped to enjoy. Later, he began to play Jacky Cheung, Andy Lau, some of the old songs eighties and nineties , passers-by heard a familiar note , attention began to pay attention to , and stopped.

Surrounded by a growing number of listeners , Tinchi of simply seized the opportunity to push up the atmosphere , he first row playing several domestic singers like Li Yuchun , Zhang Liang Ying and other songs, and began to sing some listeners , while on the ground in red small plastic pots , more and more abundance up !

Understanding why we often see some of musicians in streets or tunnel , could not earn a dime . Originally they were familiar and loved to hear his own songs , but only give you a little reward !

Atmosphere gradually became rampant , and some even began to dance , Tinchi , as well as the audience were immersed in the beautiful melody when a middle-aged man seemed drunk , suddenly vociferous up !

" What the hell song, sucks, fuck Knock it off ! " With a strong Sichuan accent.

Maybe it really drunk , or a problem with the spirit of it, decided not to bother   , waiting his knocked away.

Still whole-heartedly Tinchi  interpretation of songs on the occasion , a punch suddenly galloped to .........

" Yo ! ! ! Bang ! ! ! Hey Ye ! ! ! "

Tinchi had been learning Wing Chun martial arts for many years , in addition to fellow comrades skill rivalry , never any actual combat experience. This time could eventually practice  !

Tinchi holding of harmonica ,  unloaded the attack  , the same time with a mind, " snapped at hand" and then " straight foot " vital impartial kicked drunk , get his loud screams !

The guy then escaped, Tinchi glimpsed except for that drunk , there were three men on the run , he immediately look at the small plastic tray , which had been empty !  the crowd saw something happened , immediately quitting en masse !

"What the fuck ! Alas, how the first day wandering this way ? Am I leaving Hong Kong but also in case of bad luck , why not give me a way out ? If so might as well kill me frankly , past life I really do not want to repay the debt ! " Tinchi in Hong Kong in the past and nagging pessimism had been aroused to !

Sky gradually settle down , slowly push the Tinchi  of cycling , sour feelings made his faltering footsteps to become dull !

Another grass place for kite , a few luminous kite hung upside down , and had eagle type, or cat type, very eye-catching red and blue . Tinchi felt attractive  , the memories it would seem like a shock fountain poured forth .

" Yeah, you put so high , you see, others are not so high , it is holding it ! " Early autumn Sai Kung Tai Au Mun , a pair of young lovers , the kite was too high , young lady happy clapped her  hands.

"I think this height should at least half an hour to put it away , and the last kite , made arm pain all day ! "

Moment for you massage it wants ! Hee hee ! " Girl did not forget to fiddle with fingers under the armpit , which made him laugh Kaka , almost out of balance !

Evening light leaning on the foot of the Clearwater Beach also had a round face against a young man  's chest .

" If someone asked me to marry is great  ! " Woman shy up .

" Soon, I plan to do a small business , when making money , and get a lavish wedding , be sure not to lose your face."

" When buy our little house , you decide whether  have children or not  ." Girl could not help looking forward to it.

"I want to open a small shop in a market where rent is cheap , I think possible  ."

"But you have to quit your job ? It is very risky  ! "

"I like adventure thing ! Sound you like , we can support each other  "  both of them cannot help but kiss for a long time ......

"Bang ! ! ! ! " Bang destruction broke his process of ignorance and self- review and regret complaining  of the past ! ! !

A young girl marching bicycle accidentally fell on the ground and look serious  , face also bleed together .........

Tinchi  shocked !

"Go to hell  , the culprits had just met , and now ...... is certainly right that the ghosts Group ! I will not be fooled this time , I still get out of here quickly , the avoidance of  trouble ! The God really do not like the original me, forcing me come across bad things again and again " Tinchi complained  .

He  immediately rode bicycles  speed intent to leave , but did not dare to look at that girl , fear was really out there were other accomplices Park , then it would be difficult to cope.

"You are not a man to , how did this style ! You obviously see me fall ,"  did  not know whether the girl knew superior ability , or used to work in menial jobs in the rural , the sound was still there an echo !

Tinchi overawed  , actually seemed to like acupuncture , could not move ! Mood became tense .

Wow ...... " The girl began to cry , Tinchi deceived deaf ears , hurried hand masking with .

He motioned the girl a gesture I will come , the girl immediately stopped crying .

"You're afraid I have accomplices, will say you hurt me, and then blackmail you sum is not? "

"Yes , you're right ."

"You are very frank , but not all of them have so be it , Do you feel like I can be deceiving you ? "

"A lot of people have no integrity, did not easily to be seen , however, should not you wanna see it, my instincts told me ."

"You're a man very hard now ! "

Better than his own hurt it," Tinchi red syrup from the bag and took out a tape , handed to her. "

This fine girl , about 18 -year-old , round cheeks , and some freckles. Although not so outstanding, but quite pure and beautiful.

"You seem not from the mainland , but why do you take with so many things like me  you want to travel around the country , right ? "

"It is not important for which place, the most important thing is to find a suitable place to live , live happier in the rest of my life ! "

"Ha ha ha ............... " girl suddenly laughed , laughter decibel times more powerful than just cry !

Tinchi was nearly hurt by the crazy sound  !

"Haha, fit, ha ha ...... " girl up a little out of control .

Tinchi got a little rage , face became reddened bulging, wanted to immediately drove away , but did not care to go up cycling hit !

"I'm sorry , I , I do not want to laugh at you, I ... I ... Please relax ! "

The girl's face began to flush up. Tinchi peek at her, saw her red cheeks look, very cute , like a big red apple, and she look back at him , and saw her eyes a little apologetic  . Tinchi rage totally disappeared !

"Anyway, you and I are wandering around , as I told you to compare, at least have a care is good , as is the reward you willing to stop and give me heal it ! " Girl suddenly made such a proposal .

Tinchi looking at her piercing , watery eyed, suddenly stunned, thrown a little more mind waves !

"Actually, I really want to circle around China , want to see more customs, broaden their horizons , I came all the way from  Guangxi to Shenzhen,and begin to feel a little lonely, looking for someone to talk and share. Moreover, I can be your guide , you no need to find the way , you know you are only one to travel around would be very dangerous. Unruly you afraid I'll do ? afraid to be afraid of all my right, a girl against a big man, I cannot resist you doing ! ha ha ha ! "girl giggle , laugh fought !

"Dont say such joke, you have a tent ! I will not ! " Tinchi suffered a little confusion  !

"I believe you are a good person, you just gave me only the drugs , and keep gentle. Actually, I dont mind you touch me , anyway, are just right cheek , but so can see you are a gentleman, not will be a position of vulnerability ! "the girl suddenly  decent .

" ...... "

"So Hungry ,  lets have dinner , and then find a suitable place to camp , sleep well , then plan our trip tomorrow morning ! "

"OK, having a partner is good , not so bored ! "

Girl led Tinchi to a restaurant for hot pot , which had very small shop area , with room only five small units, was a little baking pro , so many guests preferred to sit outside .

" Like hot pot  ? " The girl asked

"Beloved "

"Hee hee, I always ah ! Although we meet by chance, but feel your gentle and friendly! Knowing you are a great thing! Little girl showing her  white teeth , quite off maiden innocence !

Hurry up, almost full ! "

They clicked on a drunken chicken pot, then ordered half a dozen beers, slightly tipsy feeling under the two hit it off really became , Tinchi had gradually put down his guard to the girl and talked many things in Hong Kong, including disappointments and hardships , and wandering why. The girl also told her she did not like going to  University , walked out on her freshman year wandering away from home , made her parents nearly mad!

Little girl getting exposed tipsy, dangling head down , sleeping and waking , and the cheeks was flushed up.  Because of some tipsy  , his eyes began to boldly up and looked at the girl's delicate face , and then more slowly to the line of sight down !

Tinchi sense of smell unique Magic of girls in wine nurtured under exceptionally strong ! The round face, upon closer scrutiny , as much a bit like actress Tang Wei -like qualities .

He started some deeper level of fantasy ......

Wow ... "

Distance of about ten paces from them , a middle-aged man who drunk, vomit , sour while drifting over , made some Tinchi of nausea , wanted to immediately wake up girl checkout leave.

The man spat , and watched  the girl, the face did reveal some very obvious obscene , hands open like swoop over !

"Do I have to sell ? " ...............

Bang ............ " not know that middle-aged man was unintentional , or deliberately, as body suddenly fell forward , left and right with the time filed , as if looking for individuals bear hug like. Then if no one stop him , then this girl would become a wolf 's prey. Tinchi brought his right hand , ready to use " Biuzhi  hand" unto men bombardment in the past . Flash of light , drunken girls actually a stepping left hand gently moved  , wolf hunting failed, but was gently pushed by the girl , head impartial rammed pot shop entrance .

This shop owner nor good class, he immediately raged, drunk handedly pulled hair, dragged a dozen meters , but also all the way to using foul language , then kicked his face more than a dozen times , the drunkard soon confused face bloody , collapsed to the ground !

"Not want to eat , let's go ! " Girl suddenly returned situation as never drunk intoxicating, high spirits stood up, confused Tinchi too baffling.

Active checkout girl , Tinchi illusion asked her how much money altogether , but the girl declined , smiled and said:

"This meal I host it, treat as the reward you are willing to back me stop and heal it ! "

"No, in fact, should I ask , I brought the bad luck , which made you almost give the advantage ! "

"Ha ha ha ............... "

What are you laughing ? "

"I laugh at you even such trivial things as if it was your own responsibility . Hahaha ............... I had two days saw a woman knocked down by a car , done by you my friend ...... ha ha ............... she soon lost control  ........................  laughed almost two minutes , which made Tinchi enough to create misunderstandings , embarrassment exception !

Girl brought Tinchi  to a small valley , along a river to a small plain .

"Tonight camp here ! Last night, I came to this place , the environment is very comfortable. We have been riding for almost two hours ,I see your silence , you mind  my jokes ? Actually I'm joking , not serious , sorry about that! handle Young girl in front forehead , like a soldier to the general salute.

"I am easy.

"Then you must be very confused now ! Looked like drunk, but can avoid that pervert . Haha, I pretend drunk and want to observe whether you will protect me or not ! Hum ! Still be on my own ! " The girl made a funny face .

"I want to sell, but you too fast ! Overnight porridge do you eat? "

"What is night porridge? " The girl muddle up .

" Knowing Kung Fu"

"Yes ! My father knows Bagua , my mother taught tai chi , as well as my uncle learn  Choy Lee Fut and I have learned a little of each , but not fine , ha ha ! "

"No wonder, but you are really too naughty , no reason to mock me !  You really have great acting talent , I'm totally give you deceived ! " Tinchi  straight face .

"You said so much things when you ate ,then complaint that such resentment , so I wanted to make you happy and stop boarding the face. Really scary you know ? Haha, you just look silly, too cute my friend ... ... ha ha ha ...... "the little girl laughed again .

Tinchi stayed at the little girl stiff , brain stopped  !

"I build the camp near the river , you locate in front of me  ! " The girl promptly took off her backpack and tent , ready to start camp.

Tinchi  went to the river , took a deep breath , looked at both sides of the deep black was straight chilling mountains, and heard the surging declared noisy but pentium running water , as well as felt that  had been a little slightly cold whistling wind , pouring his heart and he could not help feeling a sense of bleak and loneliness , and a desire wanton crying impulse .........

Tinchi orbital getting moist up , tears to the winds blowing, scattered face.

"I went to take a bath there , dont voyeur ! You'd better standing here ." The girl hit  tinchis  head , making him in confusion , too late to wipe away tears, only uncomfortably behind her back nodded.

"My name is Xiao Lian Yeah, we know for so long but you have no intention to ask my name, do not want to be my friend? "

Maybe not immediately claimed down, Tinchi just shook his head and looked away to avoid being seen his look.

"That is, you had got me as a friend, a moment later chat with you again , remember not peeping me , or you will have to be responsible! Ha ha ha ...... "

Think these words tinchi really had a little funny, not help amused laughed at her, suddenly calmed mood up .

"Take responsibility? Mean Married you, okay ? " Tinchi gave her first joke, Xian Lian did not understand a reaction time, only knew how to grab the first giggle.

Tinchi saw the appearance of the silly girl, again followed her laughing , this could be said that the first time in almost a year he laughed ! And this laugh, obviously a lot closer to the two distances.

Hurry up, I would also like to wash , very tired , and wanted to immediately fell asleep ."

"Well, talk with me first, I would like to know more your thing "  Xians head led in front of Tinchi, winking and made a face ! Then jumped of holding a bag of toiletries and the like, went to the river a large banyan tree behind.

Tinchi slowly down luggage, tents erected, just wanted to take up sleeping bags and other supplies from the pack , the phone suddenly  rang,  that was SMS received .

"I forgot to shut down the phone? Or I reopened it? Really annoying! " chi infatuation cursed himself.

Despite being disturbed endless, but he decided to open the message.

what happened today ? Have an accident? Or are you really going to stray? If so , why not officially informed me first . Dont you know? Must then often quarrel with you, but whatever you do, my heart will quietly support you, you're just lacking a bit of luck. actually, you're better than a lot of ignorant , opportunistic people only rely on speculation , you prefer to do business and refuse to buy stock, you feel that earning this money will be for a long run , is real wealth . I very much agree with this view and I know you're strong self-esteem, and now I pray thee, do not turn off the phone, so that I can send a message to you! I promise you, , I will not take the initiative to call you before you call me , I just want to know you are still alive. "

Tinchi had been crazy tears welling in full, he leaned roll volts up sobbing ......... concealed.

Mess up his thoughts again , bit by bit with her again filled his head . At this moment, suddenly a kind of impulse to want to return to Hong Kong .

"Buzz ............ " a familiar voice , but chilling cried too tired to fall asleep awakened  !

Wildly , without the direction to slide , but still clearly heard the impatient tone of these insects  .Tinchi immediately picked up the torch  , a full dozen just like a circle the size of mosquito flying indiscriminately , Tinchi scared out of the camp Dash shelter .

Xian Lian had not slept , she was showing her Kung Fu skill.  .

Tinchi infatuation born curious, so light step came delve into the back of a large banyan tree .

"Hey ...ha ...... " Xiao Lian trained so concentrated that did not pay attention to Tinchi behind the tree , but also motivation to commence operation . Her palms blow strong, the ground seemed to wind blowing like grass , issued big  sound. Then she filed a right foot , stared toward the direction of the river , the water ripple immediately , issued a stone throw to the past like a plop sound !

"I am dreaming? This girl so powerful ?Am I watching martial art movie ? Slightly   galloped to the front of a shadow.

Tinchi turned around instinctively then shed a sense of urgency stepping fresh.

"Well! You peeping me, you want to responsibly ah! "

"You are wearing clothes now ! I only see you practice ." Tinchi look silly.

" Hee hee, kidding ! I actually spy on you again, this time count evened! "

Ah ... " Tinchi had felt, immediately wiped away his tears residual contamination .

"Here only me and you, no one see you, I do not put your phone filmed." Xiao Lian open phone album and video files, and then placed in Tinchi eyes, let him check.

Tinchi bow his head in silence.

"In fact, never called it, and now is not what man is not allowed to cry era, just feel free to do it! But cry over, forget everything, understand ? "

"Things are not so easy to be forgotten .You are too young to understand, please, please do not mention again  ."

"Well, well , if in the future you want to talk to me , then, my door 's always open ,  welcome anytime  , hee hee ."

Tinchi began to find this young lady, also quite considerate side.

Tinchi smiled to Xiao Lian , but accidentally made her laugh , the laughter came more so mountain echo , resounding .

"No wonder you speak so loud, that you would be so powerful within the interior kung fu How did you do? " For a strong interest in martial arts in Hong Kong that temporarily obscures her mixed feelings.

" Hee hee , maybe right from primary school , or do I have extraordinary talent ! " Xiao Lian suddenly seemed a bit young and ignorant .

You had to shy ."

"Of course my friend, I am a girl ah! Moreover, there is a handsome guy in front of me , hee hee ... "

"Tinchi , you all seem to understand the point of effort, you can release my interior strength . Hee hee, you have learned martial arts? "

"Just a little bit chi looked serious .

"Oh ! Never called you, you are so seriously , no wonder so many nonsense ! So much trouble! Now we all ran away from home , take it easy now ! Do not say, I'm hungry and want to eat! "

"I have meat" Tinchi  wishful thinking back to camp pick .

Ah , I also have is my home-made bread, want to try a little bit? Eat well," Xiao Lian suddenly become a hard salesman.

"Since it is your product, I am also some hungry, the pilot, seeing how you craft ."

"Thank patronage, anyway, we are not sleepy , as a moment to continue our journey after eating it, I thought of morning tea in Guangzhou , the way to buy some skin care products. you see, I have become more freckles, acne has become more difficult to behold " Girl stretched it out a little tongue , Tinchi  are seen laughing, almost vomit  !

Very nice ! But this taste , I really never eaten , saying that it does not look like butter flavor , but smelled a bit like sweet-scented osmanthus fragrance, then chew it realized that some mango flavor , it is difficult to describe this what is . "

"You call it Qiwei pack! "

" Japanese have Qiwei powder , you have Qiwei bread, ha ha , funny, but you have not told me what the material , I just ask you how well trained in martial arts such strength , and tear your topic ."

"Hee hee ... I did not actually made ??, my mother gave me . Martial arts aspect and then later tell you ! Maybe you will like me in the future too! " Girl seemed a bit shy.

"Better sleep a little more! I was a little tired, just to wake those big bucks, now go back, sleep a sleep ! About six o'clock up , grooming good adjourned stroke it ! "

"Well ...... Well, this time to listen to you, that they had better sleep at eight oclock, anyway, have trained a little tired." Xiao Lian tone seemed unhappy, to tone down low .

See you tomorrow morning.

"Good"

Tinchi camp back , group mosquito had departed . Recall that earlier his mind always some strange, like something to hide, and ask his things, and a little upset. But all of a sudden not be able to generalize their own what kind of thing.

Paved the sleeping bag, ready to step into the Tinchi of sleep.

Inside his stomach suddenly somehow, pouring warmth , which shared a moment like warm all over the body, breathing became rapid up and suddenly , in a flash , Tinchi suddenly became more clearly feel the heartbeat surging , puff sound. Brain more time to produce a life time with never had , could not use any speech or words to describe the strange mood ............

The first night wandering, Tinchi deeply slept and abnormalities sweet!

Wake up? Nice weather outside, the sun hanging, hurry to eat something and get going! " Xiao Lian excitedly rattled Tinchi of the camp, making Tinchi to indulge in sweet dream reluctantly waking.

"Now I dont know what time ......... last night whether to eat your bread, deep sleep very comfortable, really resistant not tried so full, it feels hard to describe, but loved ......... "

"Then make breakfast and then eat it again, this gives you another bread, there are six different flavors! Xiao Lian led her tongue.

Wake up to this bread confused, loved it, eating one after another!

Similarly there was a body of power influx, after his state of mind was as actually drank 10 cups of coffee like.

He appeared in an unprecedented excitement feelings, not even before all unpleasant, seems all been destroyed, and how it seemed to remember.

After breakfast, Tinchi delighted to follow Xiao Lian, and their speed was also faster and faster, Needless to two hours to Guangzhou TV tower, where described as waistline.

"Somehow I stepped up so fast for so long but still not feel tired what these things to come?

"Love it? You eat over ten! Accompany me to buy something for compensation! "

To the crowd of people local shopping area, Xian Lian walked into a fashion shop.

Help me choose, I want to buy a dress, not wearing a long time, I want to wear, I love wearing skirt!

It is not convenience for you to stray!

" Hee hee, I only wear tonight , give you enjoy  ! , Feel lucky ? Do you appreciate my wearing skirts , hee hee ......

"Those mosquitoes will bite your legs! "

Ah " Xiao Lian slapped his head gently  .

"You two really so sweet  " saleswoman could not put a mouth.

Xian Lian instantly smiled and eyes became narrowed line, while in the same time Tinchi infatuation produced a sense of warmth.

After eating the bread, in addition to his wonderful physical changes, there was a sudden intimacy for Xian Lian and unable to extricated him extremely kind to her trust.

This of course was different from the usual thing, but these breads really like cocaine, there was a thing people could not resist the magic of a trial addictive!

Of course, the coming days, he would slowly know the reason for eating it, would realize the changes in his body . And would know the aim of this young lady meeting him, and her important mission.

Xian Lian went to buy a three -piece Floral, a lake blue dress, as well as two miniskirt.

Suddenly having impulse to pay for her, he quickly to foot the bill for salespersons .

I gave you," Xiao Lian took money from her pocket, into Tinchis  palms .

"No, I somehow wanted to buy for you as gift .you paid last night hot pot, these skirts are your gift."

"No! You still need money, I know a little bit your history, later you have money, you should send some goodies to repay me ,OK ? " Xiao Lian pulling Tinchis hands  , said with a very genuine and sincere eyes and gazing Tinchi  delusion.

Tinchi too tempting to stare Xian Lian  .

Both sides could not be stopped , looking up with each other , this moment, if one of the parties tentatively tilting his or her head , I believe that was very likely , the other party will also meet to put his or her head in front , and then hugged kiss up .

Tinchi remembered his lover in Hong Kong , also thought of last night SMS .

Maybe this mind, which made Tinchi eyes , revealing a little flinch. Intuition also sensitive to the girls eyes for this information , both at the same time stepped back , deliberately avoided each other sight .........

Two silent bikes one after marching toward Qingyuan mountain .

Gradually away from the hustle and bustle of the city, into the eye shadow was full of boundless , green vegetable , small but exquisite villages , and the burning soil of smoke rising .

Tinchi infatuation that came an unprecedented ease impressionistic feeling that he was shocked to find himself imprisoned in a way past seemingly unrestrained, in essence, was filled with all kinds of invisible chains tied up with concrete prison without even realizing it. At this moment, the real release , and freedom !

In Hong Kong, but also very fond of hiking. A time , up to the Lion Rock symbolizes the spirit of Hong Kong , seeing the bustling little mountain , looking back , that he was just a passing , did not belong to this was supposed to be the root of their own place !

Tried entrepreneurship bitter, far from others working hard in the stock or property market!

Until today, right or wrong was no longer important, anyway, now regarded as escape, perhaps one day , really found a place where match him, then he could be the final  winner!

And the golden autumn wind, along with the unique rustic atmosphere, blowing him and her face.

Xian Lian gently stir to soft ruffled black hair , sometimes with fine taste in Guangzhou since he desired drip.

Met just a short day, and she was appointed by the central system for an important but secret mission. But after meeting him, there was such a feeling of the heart? Despite she had 98% of the Earth human gene , but she was actually  Scorpio A12 practical person , complete the mision, after all, to conduct gene transplant , changed back to A12 ordinary people ,would enjoy living arrangements from the central system and get a new life.

Central system received her brain waves and sent back a reply:

"You are now same to the lives of people on earth, and temporarily have their genes, and is no different from ordinary girls in the earth, having their emotions is normal , the most important is that you can accompany him all the way until the mission is completed , and try to give him to eat more bread and the process is , perhaps you have feelings in him ,but thats ok, just continue  !

"But I met him after some really strange feeling, the same time he also seems to me that some ............ Or is it me suspicious , or I really want ............ This will affect the job? " Xian waves once again responded to the system.

"Never mind, this is a normal Earth girl feeling , you may taste it, just send back you feelings to the central system and we will treat it an experiment for so-called love  ! Find out your emotional changes and also physical changes, is also a contribution to the A12 ."

"Hee ...... " Xiao Lian could not help laughing !

It began to drizzle ..................

Passing numerous criss-cross roads, many many uneven, dotted, but difficult to ascend steep hills fade- eyes!

A drizzle penetrating into the clothes inside. They also exuded unbridled little cold, so they were a little shiver, the sun more unsympathetic to hide in the clouds, dont know where to go .

"Find a place to shelter from the rain , my body cold, want to eat bread, I think you also belly drumming it ! "

"Hee hee , I want to eat for a long time , but not want to stop you , since I see your eyes confused , so do not bother you ."

They come to a pavilion, and stopped.

"This is beautiful, a lot of different forms of peaks, where is it? "

Xiao Lian picked up the phone, started the Google Maps.

We are supposed to Yingde peaks western zone.

"This is beautiful, I thought to Guilin ." Could not help bursting from Tinchi of smiles.

The first time I saw you this smile, it seems you really loved the mountains and rivers?

"Yes, and in Hong Kong also loved hiking, beautiful scene gave me a feeling of comfort and relaxation , but also through the mountains, rare human habitation , gave me a clean slate spiritual moment ." Tinchi could not help but raised a little tones.

"Yes, I also feel that they are not suitable for living in the city, a lot of people very noisy, unrestrained nature , if someone who I loved could join together and even more ......... hee hee ... " Xiao Lian flushed from the face , the eyes did not consciously look to the nearby small peaks.

Tinchi subconsciously picked up the phone and found that had no power , repeatedly attempted also not boot.

Want to recharge your batteries ? To the city to find a phone shop now ! "

"No, forget it! "

"In fact, do you have girlfriend ......... ? " Xiao Lian hearts filled with a sudden impulse could not be made, and could not stop the mouth spitting this question.

Ah ! I did not tell you before, but you was so interested to know, is it me  .........I am tall and mighty ? "

"Crazy! Were you last night just tell your underappreciated, then gave that goat nuisance, I am just curious! "

"Ha , you said I crazy , that you guess by yourself, I keep it secret ! "

"I ............... "

Kidding, you often fool me, this time to me ! Hey, really want to eat your bread, I love to eat , in fact, really want to know what ingredients you are so mysterious ."

"Not adding morphine cocaine right ? Made me addicted.

Is stronger than those who do ! Eat! " Xiao Lian said .

Tinchi said as he gobbled a full ten Qiwei package !

Rain began harder and harder, mingled with whistling wind ! Surrounding hills gradually to compel hidden!

"It seems to borrow house for staying tonight, by the way I can test my skills! "

"Haha, you play the harmonica to them as reward? "

One of them , and I also know foot reflexology and let them choose. I do not like to live and eat for free ."

Ah , why dont you serve me , I exhausted . Well , anyway, it was raining , right now , right !

Gradually turned torrential rain, overshadowed the voice of Xian Lian !

"Come on! martial arts master , I believe you are not afraid of the pain , put your legs  on my lap and let me practice ! "

"OK! " Xiao Lian suddenly soft.

A small amount of grease painted, and gave the calf to do some advance soothing massage, followed by a finger pressed down mercilessly on the soles of the feet.

Her face began to twist into a leg to shrink back involuntarily.

"You're actually afraid of the pain, you look bad stomach, which is the reflex zones.

"Hee ... "

"You can still smile!! Knowing whether gastrointestinal very troublesome, you're really a little girl.

"Hee ... May I ask you ......... is my leg beautiful? " Xiao Lian naturally expressed child -like smile.

"Joking! " Tinchi unconsciously looked at her legs , found her slender legs really count , and very white, could not help watching more  !

Ah ! You are bad , if I ask you my chest beautiful or not, you'll ............too bad  ! "

"No ......... " Tinchi overwhelmed  .

"Hee ...... Originally, I quite attractive. You did not answer my question ............... Ah ......... you watch" Xiao Lian suddenly stunned.

What ? " Tinchi followed by a look back, but also shocked.

There were six gray green , estimated up to six to seven meters of Serpens inroads , they all head tongue , head triangular in shape, but also opened their bloody mouth , advancing step by step over .................. ...

Pattering rain, but still clearly heard the roar of snake!

One had a pair of fluorescent with big eyes green snake, flash of light toward the two. They immediately turned two somersaults, despite a slight danger. But the rest of the snake rushed immediately and soar over together, vowing to crack eat them hiss like!

Xiao Lian immediately used her body internal force, which blew open a short beat small . Same time Tinchi stepping and turned body direction, hiding the snake attack earlier after stared and put it kicked .

Another relatively stout , watching Xian Lian dealing with the small snake  , suddenly attacked  , Xiao Lian was tightened  .

Wow ... " Xian Lian cries alerted Tinchi . Just a little distracted, another one took the opportunity to put forward Tinchi   .

Tinchi could not breathe, but vaguely heard his bones cracked beneath his feet, this blood plate big mouth like a black hole, ready to put everything swallowed.

A superior internal force surging wave from the body, and began to spread to the skin surface, and gradually the whole body was surrounded   .

It turned into a blue flash.

"Bang ......... Suddenly there was an explosion , tilting moment that the two parts Serpens blown score , blood and guts strewn all over the floor !

Xiao Lian same explosion also took place, the snake was even more fragmented, Flesh!

The remaining Serpent seemingly afraid, immediately retreated to the side of the road which still under heavy rain attacked.

Xian Lian played a wink and motioned immediately drove away.

An ungrateful snake intent once again the attack, Xian used Bagua footwork suddenly walked behind the snake, beat it smacked of the road .

But the snake seemed quite tenacious, it actually turned around again, opened the mouth , a group of dark liquids like lightning lasing out from the throat .

Although Xiao Lian immediately turned body unloading it , but some still splashed on her black liquor .

Screams after Xiao Lian body crashed down, it seemed that the black liquor was quite toxic.

"Xiao Lian ............... ah .................. " Tinchi also unfortunate attacked by another one from venom injection attacked, also followed fainting past.

They felt to the ground one by one , snakes was busted again , cruising over, ready for a sumptuous dinner ..................

Genial sunshine embracing this amazing place .

Feeling faint face some humid. Tinchi subconsciously wanted to wipe the water , but accidentally hit a group warm creatures had long hair .

Tinchi opened his eyes and stared, eyes saw there a cute cat !

The cat also used its blue eyes staring at him , meow twice .

Tinchi loved cat very much. He immediately sat up, wanted to fondle about this long with tiger stripes, fat body and rounded , looked no different from ordinary house cat little baby .

Cat excited entrenched in his legs!

Tinchi began cool down , thinking almost by a group of snake swallowed , in shock, his face sweat pouring down nor controlled manner .

Suddenly remembered the girls safety.

"Well, you do not bother my safety, only to play cat, heartless! " Xiao Lian took a Tinchi  from the back of the head bit  , a little discontent  .

"I was looking for you, ah, you okay? "

"Humph! you wake up but not intend to find me, no darling ! "

" I had in vain to erase blood for you, you see how your clothes cleaner ! " Xiao Lian little naughty.

"You took off my clothes? ......... you see ............ " Tinchi clutching head .

"You went wrong ! Neuropathy......... I give you change clothes, did not see your private thing ......... ah ! " And took his head about.

"We are actually still alive, really incredible! Who saved us? "

"This I dont know! I wake up early than you just little, we waited a coma for five days! " Xiao Lian  handed her mobile phone which  was still ample power , the time display 6p.m. five days evening after  .

Xiao naturally knew who saved them , and knew these snake came from, of course, was temporarily unable to let Tinchi  know the truth , or it might scare him, no good to complete the mission , and most importantly , was her heart had been accounted for most of his position ! Dont want to lose any chance of development .

"Meow ..................... " another cat appeared , which was brown yellow head , the same little obese. It went that a tiger pattern, gently bite, tiger paw pattern immediately retaliated. Two cats play wrapped up.

"Eat bread? Xiao Lian took the bread from her backpack, shaken several times.

"You really careless, you do not pay attention to me what the difference? Well, you should have a test, not allow you to eat in case you fail to answer.

"Girls love to ask such questions, really interesting. Oh, you replace the dress." Tinchi looked carefully replaced the dress Xiao Lian , she smiled with bowed her head.

"Bingo!! What else? Xiao Lian continued.

"Ha ha , you put up glasses , much like office lady ah , but no high heels and stockings, huh ... coma for long time but still has feelings for so long dress , you such a  ...... " Tinchi little sarcastic .

Girl was a bit embarrassed to mockery.

Tinchi look in her eyes, poured feel pretty. Again a closer look, in fact, she was wearing a skirt was also quite nice, especially when she kept silence, with a little Sentimental delicate. Plus she was also considered balanced, slender legs were also considered, inadvertently Tinchi fascinated.

To be honest, you're wearing a skirt actually looks good and you have a model for the potential in the near future you try volunteered, or someone will appreciate!" Tinchi thumbs-up.

Xiao to the confused elated, excited to put her hands on cheeks care, but also excited to pick up the bread and put into Tinchi s hands.

"Well, you remember my purpose for wearing skirts? Xiao Lian asked.

"Ha ha , you want to show me ?

"If that is the case. Then ...... on behalf of what? "

"I do not remember! "

I was in Guangzhou said when I bought the skirt! " Xiao Lian seemed a tight, hurried to the prompt and would like to immediately hear the hope that was the answer.

"Really do not remember, fainted so long, the mind a little bit chaotic. Later verses tell you ! "

forget it , no need to tell me , bad guy! " Xiao Lian tone suddenly became serious, the atmosphere suddenly heavy.

Tinchi confused, trying to find the reason for her moody.

Xiao Lian carried away, turning around and going out on the grass behind the pavilion, deliberately carrying Tinchi  .

Tinchi glimpsed her body began to twitch .

"What happened? Her crying? Have also hey??, I said something wrong ?" He was puzzled...............

"Those Serpent has been identified as remnants of the original C13 CancerThey intended to undermine our mission on earth, I have sent someone to Earth to protect you , including these two civet , but you have to be careful, make sure to complete the mission . " Xiao Lian received a reply from the central system .

"They do not pledge alliance? " Xiao Lian postback brain waves.

Only sporadically traitor.

"Understand ."

Another point is that by profiling, your brainwaves presents a special case, this indicate a symbol of falling in love with a human men  , really unexpected , because there has never been experienced such circumstances  , and yet so strong . "

"I'm sorry, I really cannot control, I see him, there is a strong urge to love him, need to stop the action?

It does not matter, we are studying the possibility of introducing such of love, so that the universe Unions people who, in addition to breed the next generation, but also a little more fun and you may continue and treat as experiment  ! Which is the task of Earth culture a part of. "

"Know, then, you know, whether he also in love with me or not, I want to know ......... ...... " Xiao Lian brain waves somewhat intermittent .

" In fact, he has been in Hong Kong for a decade with a girlfriend , but because of his career in Hong Kong was not ideal, and discover he was incompatible with the mainstream of Hong Kong people , together with no money, so he could not fulfill his marriage commitment , so the last reluctant to leave, starting to stray so also in his heart all the time thinking about his lover , so you need more patience, give him a little time to accept your love ,I thing he would slowly understand your kindness . "

"Now the first thing is you have to pick up the pace, because of fear of temporal energy shortage, do you know the location of spaceship? Central system asked .

" 24.5 degrees north latitude , 113.8 degrees east longitude, located in a cave , some blue pony will lead the way , right ? "

Right, arrive within a week as soon as possible, okay? "

Yes, sir! "

Another point, I detected the eternal God of the Earth has begun planting, while civet will lead you to a small village , where you spend tonight  to observe their behavior  ."

"Eternal Church, what is it ?

"You need not care about this being that you are solely responsible for intelligence gathering, and finally when you come back to planet, you will gradually understand.

"Understand

It must also remind you that we discovered the Earth semen , would produce abnormal cells which attack our body cells , so in the future if you and he fall in love , they must be prevented from having sex , or you Earth will be like as people suffering from leukemia , have the opportunity to die . "

Ah ! ......... I want to try, and if he wants, what should I do? ......... "

"He is a gentleman, in case you refuse, he will forgive you.

"Well ............but Im afraid he will be disappointed ......... ......... "

"Mission is the most important thing, okay? You fail to finish it then I only replace the messenger and you understand that this will have serious consequences and punishment to you! "

"I'm sorry ," Xiao Lian did not dare to refute.

"Xiao Lian , are you okay , I will soon remember , do not cry ! " Tin pat on her shoulder .

Xiao Lian turned, startled to see his intense stunned look, also followed silly laughed ..................

Two cute cat played and turn around, wanted to leave here schematically.

"Well, no nervous, I'll give you time." Xiao Lian 's eyes with a soft , staring Tinchi  , he began to hear his own heartbeat seemed more coming faster.

"I would like to go to village and sleep tonight, by the way really good grooming tidy." Xiao Lian made this intention .

"Okay, so many days without a bath, very untidy, but those people will accept?

" I have tried several times , they are very hospitable , more people they will be more happy and they are mostly pure and simple , no any tricky  ." Xiao Lian gently holding his hand.

"Then get going! These two little cute, how to dispose of? I like cats, if you do not mind, I want to adopt them.

"Yes ! Actually, I like cats too." Xiao Lian like a child receiving a candy, jumping up with excitement.

"It's a little girl ! " Tinchi heart suddenly welled up some warm feeling.

Two cats could not wait to cross the road. They also acted as human beings, could bring their bicycles to roadside, got ready to go .

A bright moon slowly climbed, two little cute leading the way, sometimes chasing each other.

Tinchi and Xiao Lian experienced the edge of life and death, the two cycling one after another not silent, but to move forward side by side , talking and laughing .

Less than two hours, they reached a small village. Two cats stopped and constantly meow, seemed like to stay here.

Tiger pattern ran into the village and meow loudly , brown yellow replied and followed him  .

"Just right here ! " Tinchi first proposed , it seemed he also loved here . "

"Well, listen to you! " Xiao Lian 's voice became docile up .

Tinchi was fascinated with her gentle voice , staring at Xiao Lian for ten seconds , making her stroking hair.

They were marching along the path, although turned into night gradually, but still vaguely saw lined kinds of tea .

Gradually saw some light, also heard some playing mahjong sound.

There were a total of twelve people in three villages in the forecourts bamboo war.

"It seems that is not the right time for it, it is better to find another place ." Tinchi  asked with very small voice.

Two cats actually spearheading , two of which went to an awkward underneath.

They looked at a middle-aged man and meow whine.

"Win, ha ha ." The man shrieking with excitement up and dancing.

"Haha, that there are unsolicited Lucky Cat. Cats, you come to me on a winning, bit to pay ." Others reluctantly took wallets come complaining.

" Ah ! These two cats from where  , it seems not seen ." Another question up a middle-aged woman.

"I'm sorry, we are traveler and want to spend the night here, I wonder if it be convenient ? " Xiao Lian politely nod toward them.

"That's two cats are yours? Come, come, anyway, eat dinner yet? now call my wife to cook more, come to me right here ." Uncle promised , for feared it would grab a few Lucky leaving .

"Thank you, tonight bother you." Xiao Lian repeated thanks.

"Never mind, lets be friend, our favorite hilarious, most hospitable! " Uncle started bragging.

Tinchi and Xiao Lian pair to smile.

Villagers stopped Bamboo war and began to prepare dinner. They followed the uncle to a brand new house, and then put on their bicycle outside a small open space, belongings on captive to the house .

"Dont worry, here is very peaceful, and no bandits, we use to open door to sleep! " Uncle making the walls came the reply!

"Wife, have guests tonight Yeah, cook more! " Uncle shouted in the kitchen and toward the house . Then helped Xiao and Tinchi , put luggage onto the sleeping loft which divided into two small rooms.

Rice soon ready, his rough skin with black wife, took Dishes, Xiao actively helped her preparation.

"You are the guest, sit down. Wife will deal with." Uncle seemed powerful.

Four people sit together , ready to eat , uncle picked up the remote , watching  a brand new Samsung large flat -screen TV.

"You wait, we pray before dinner." Uncle suddenly became devout.

"You believers? " Tinchi curious asked.

"Yes, but not the Christian, but the fear of the Eternal God ."

"Eternal God ? " Xiao Lian could not help shuddering ..................


" Almighty eternal God , thank you for giving us wealth and food , thank you for giving us the courage to fight , to fight a glorious battle back from the greedy selfish plutocrats ..................... we deserve ."

Uncle Wong and Aunt read aloud prayers, at the same time, the other village residents invariably prayed. In the rural quiet night, this collective prayer, so terrible.

"Come , enjoy to eat ! " Uncle Wong seemed extra pride.

In fact, this dinner was really very rich with fish chicken and duck. Far more than the weight of four servings. Makes nearly a week just to eat bread and Xiao Tinchi salivate.

"You all believe Eternal God? I have seen them in the streets of Hong Kong to promote." Tinchi  devoured  side edges curious inquiry .

"Yes ! Entirely believe it, we can be rich, be considered to do to live a little dignity! Church provide quality seeds to grow high quality vegetables, also give us tractors, imported fertilizers. be our underwriting ......... "

"Yes, the church has done a matchmaker and introduced him to me so that I can get married ...... ." Silent Mrs Wong interrupted when her husband's speech, became eloquent, dancing, ecstatic.

Tinchi and Xiao looked at each other.

"Eternal God knows our plight of these farmers , sent its envoy to help us ,  we need not pay ,  regenerate as  our parents . Haha , do not know where you come from , I have just heard you seen our missionary work in Hong Kong , Hong Kong people do you ? Uncle Wong asked  .

" Right" Tinchi replied .

"Then why get here? She is your wife  ? " Uncle pointed  Xiao Lian .

Xiao suddenly containing shyly and lowered her head, face revealing an extremely giggle like a childs innocence .

Tinchi too late to respond , Wong said: " newlyweds , still shy ! "

"My husband stop making our guest embarrassed! I'll look to the room tidy up, so you sleep comfortably tonight ...... "

"Haha , they will not go to sleep ! Assured you both upstairs sound good , and you can put a little play , ha ha ," Uncle smiled and seemed somewhat obscene .

Tinchi and Xiao embarrassing! Same time speechless.

Uncle took two bottles of beer from refrigerator, and then mercilessly Tinchi and Xiao glass filling .

Warmed with wine, Tinchi began talkative, not consciously spoke his bitterness.

Uncle Wong , in fact, living in Hong Kong have begun to suffer ."

"Why? My uncle came to Hong Kong and worked hard before , telling us where could earn money easily and had many opportunities to develop career , making our heart itch ! Think about migrate to Hong Kong. Is not that true?"

" 30 years ago was indeed the case. Those years in Hong Kong had industry, there were a lot like your uncle immigrants came with skill of entrepreneurship. Began development of financial markets , the Government actively explore the land , mass development of satellite cities together with creativity and social atmosphere inclusiveness , blossom , so regardless of industry and commerce , construction , even to have a significant growth in the creative industries , I like to watch old -hour domestic comics, but now this is really non- pity than . "

"And now, everyone is simply speculation, fight differentiation without a break. Many of the younger generation spoiled by their parents, become fragile and unambitious. Mall flooded with large chain stores , small  shops unable to cope with high rents , cannot survive . Housing too expensive which a normal person can afford , the government has only siding large business group, like railway companies earn billions every year are approved fare rise ......... " Tinchi more discontented  , gradually incoherent up .

He also picked up an empty bottle, threw on the ground , immediately broken .....................

"I'm sorry, let me help him, then clean for you ! " Xiao Lian embarrassed.

"It doesn't matter. I understand the circumstances and helpless of poverty, so my mom went as we could not afford medical fee." Uncles  mood suddenly sharp turned ,  tears fell out.

Tinchi drunk sleepy but revolted again: " very unfair , no sympathy in the world , the rich will not be kind to poverty because of his excellent environment, but no intention to feed back to the community ,and not willing to spend just a little time to think about how to make the world better   .  "

"Eternal God can save us, eternal God, long live Wong cried  .

Mrs Wong took the broom from the kitchen and garbage shovel out and ready to clean, Xiao wanted to help her, but she called wink, hint Xiao upstairs with Tinchi to rest.

Xiao Lian took Tinchi , gingerly climbed the attic , into the room , he began to vomit , Xiao Lian immediately open the bag, in a timely manner and got those filth .

"Xiao Lian , you know I used to live very painful , what are housed in mind , I dont want people to know I am poor , and friends can have the ability to buy car, house or get married , it is shame to me and I am useless  ."

"I see you like this ...... I am upset ..... " Xiao Lian anxious cried , overwhelmed.

Tinchi suddenly stopped indignation, stared at tearful Xiao Lian , with the finger wiped her tears .

"I'm sorry to scare you, I did not mean it, I ..... " Tinchi clasped her hand.

Xiao shaking her head, gently nestled in his chest.

"I'm just very sad that so many days and coma before, you still have to take things  hard feelings , I dont want to see you like this ." Xiao Lian slightly raised her head , gently responded.

"Thank you, I began to find that you are really a nice girl . Well is that you're wearing a skirt, beautiful and cute, you know your smile is so warm. Dont worry, I will not mention my past again in the future . "

Xiao Lian nodded and began to redden up the face.

"I certainly do believe that be your boyfriend is a happy thing, if you get married your man is an extremely lucky guy.

Unexpected praised , making little girl could not control breathing and heartbeat so fast , attentive gaze did not know to get where  to see .

Tinchi suddenly hugged Xiao, kissed her more presumptuous .....

"Goo goo ............... chicken hooves almost extinct in urban areas broke the silence , also woke up Tinchi of intense desire headache .

There was still a little bit of heart palpitations, reluctantly opened his eyes, found Xiao sleep in his arms; it seemed like a very sweet.

In order not to disturb her sweet dream, Tinchi again shut his eyes, preventing from moving the body, took the opportunity to re- take a nap.

Xiaos body moved a bit, then drill down to his chest, making Tinchi feel difficult to breathe. Reluctantly moved her away gently.

Painful but very exciting ......... ......... " Xiao Lian spitted out some balderdash .

"She is dreaming! " Seeing her reddish cheeks, vaguely saw her mouth filled with somewhat similar to the saliva of the water points .

Xiao s  fragrance drift to his nasal  , he gently suck this body fragrance .  Headaches seemed to be relieved, did her body fragrance has a magical spell? Or panacea?

What did I do last night ? Like a drink with that Uncle Wong continuous sixty to seven beer, should be big sticks . What else ......... and uncle poured a lot of minds, everyone seems to get drunk, Xiao  seems to put me backs attic , then it .................. "He looked Xiao .

"Why do we sleep together? I should be drunk unconscious............ Did I do some bad behavior? " Tinchi looked himself and Xiao 's body were all the clothes , helped feeling relieved.

She slowly woke up, with narrowed eyes looked at him .

"When is it? I ............... " Xiao Lian a yawn .

Tinchi looked wall clock,  the needle showed half past six , the early dawn just faint , called Xiao  to sleep for a while .

" Throw it ! " Xiao Lian caught leg several times. Tinchi saw  Xiao Lians legs mosquito coveted , the construction of more than a dozen red towers.

"So she mess mosquitoes than I , no wonder I can sleep deeply through the whole night  ." Tinchi chuckle.

She suddenly sat up, and grabbed the itch, which made legs appear a few bloodstains.

"Youll catch  inflamed , rub with soap  for a while, it'll be better ."

"Well, not yet awake Yeah ! I have some cream, as for my massage ." Xiao Lian pointed to the calf , some sleepy .

"Well ............ Or you do it by yourself is better ......... " Tinchi little uncomfortable .

"No  ......... Come ............ " Xiao Lian  shaking Tinchi .

" She seems a little different , she treat me like lover. Went back to sleep next to me and so charming. Do we really intimate, and she really loves me?" Tinchi full of doubts .

Downstairs heard some buzz, Uncle and Aunt should be awake.

"They get so early, Want to see them ? " Xiao Lian seemed want to know about.

"It seems not right ! "

"Could get breakfast to us now  ! You drink a lot of wine last night , and then threw many glass bottles on the ground  , the broken glass spread over the floor ,but you disregarded it " Xiao Lian pinch Tinchis arms .

They pace slowly , slowly climbed down the little wooden ladder .

WONGs sitting in the dining room , they moved a similar statue objects, which did not know from where. Respectfully picked cloth to clean that statue. Upon completed, pushed it up together, so that statues could stand up.

Uncle Wong picked up a book from the dining table , opened the home page , and then they began to sang some songs that  did not know their dialect , or other languages.

And last night, read aloud too.

 About two minutes later , then suddenly white light came from the flashing eyes statues . After dazzling bouquet of orange light, and since all sides to lasing statues out of the body .

Tinchi and Xiao covered their eyes to avoid being light burned ...........................

"My dear people, thanks for your support gods even knew speaking, and then pushed the right hand up  , as president of state leaders quite demeanor .

WONGs head in awe volts to ground, the scriptures read more read aloud .

Statues eyebrows appeared blue light.

"They are new believers? " Statues hand pointing to the direction of the ladder, Blu-ray exposure to Tinchi and Xiaos body.

Uncle looked back, immediately signaled them to come.

"kneel, worship the eternal God has given us food ," Uncle  had repeatedly bow down significantly .

They faced these incredible things, could not react.

" How should I deal with ? " Xiao Lian brain waves transmitted to the central system, requesting instruction.

Just follow their instructions! " System response.

Xiao pulled Tinchi hands, along with two bow down to idols.

I have prepared your diet. Our war begins soon. Soon after, you will regain your wealth and dignity should have. Those who put you into corners officials or nobles will be punished severely , should be some of retribution . Those habits do not make efforts and is, speculation, and I give them of toil , be your servant slaves . god spoke highly deterrent .

"Those who force you to work for themselves restless and low pay but in turn results superiors managers getting owed reward will go to hell." Statue added.

Helicopter circled with the rumbling voice suddenly sounded, followed by tapering noise, seemed to have landed on the ground.

Uncle skillfully opened the door, the door really parked a helicopter.

There were several men dressed in similar robes, carrying crates of things under the machine, and then one with one moved them to the house .

Aunt commanded Tinchi and Xiao continued to stand respectfully until they had moved all the boxes chanting to the house.

" What are they organize ? What is stored inside? " Tinchis brain full of question mark.

" Xiao Lian , until those people and gods gone, out of here as soon as possible with Tinchi , do not let him stay ." Issued by the central system to Xiao Lian .

"Eternal God, thanks to give us food, money and weapons, we swear to follow you forever ...... " Uncle spoke a scripture .

Two boxes to be opened, and inside there was rice, wrapped fresh beef. juice and  seeds .  the other  boxes on the pile of  notes , a conservative estimated of at least more than RMB50,000.

Another three cases not be opened. Tinchi infatuation borne curious to explore over what , then slowly moved to next box .

It was originally the statues glittering apparitions, suddenly motionless, and no longer sermons, original light gradually dimmed. And those whom responsible for transporting were leaving one by one .

WONGs also busy in five -body cast to chanting.

Tinchi illusion secretly opened the lid to see the inside of events, but that was a very tight lid blocked, could not open.

"What are you doing? Fuck off ! " Somehow Uncle knew Tinchi trying to open the box , turned and with extremely harsh tone and look forward to rebuke them ............

"You are hiding and peek , if offended God , I dont know what punishment ! Good sleep is not the best to you ? I gave you room and board but you destroyed my event ......... " Uncle inclusion foul shelling .

Forget it ! God did not condemn us, this situation, who will attract attention, they are still young ! " Wong Aunt stroking Uncle s back, uncle immediately calmed a lot.

Aunt and then pointed to the attic, motioning Tinchi and Xiao going up.

They only returned to the attic bedroom.

"We better leave now ...... it's horrible ," Xiao Lian took Tinchis hand , her face showing a rare fear.

"Ha , I cannot think of this wandering journey , just a few days there are so many incredible strange, Serpent and statues, Could I have done Wesley ? Ah ,  you will be his wife ? Later will encounter aliens? or take a weird elevator to hell ? "

"Who is Wesley? "

"If I have opportunity then will borrow the series of science fiction for you to see.

"Well ? "

"Haha , Wesley also knows  kung fu ! "

"Hee hee "

"It seems a long time without eating, have it now ."

"Yes , we hurry to leave after eating it, here too weird ."

"We are all dead anyway, had turned raw, Serpent could not kill us , it is better to stay here, explore the eternal God is what ! This religion is so special, the real manifestation of God, give me five senses to . too fascinating ! Besides his every word , every sentence is like really piling etched deeply into my heart  , we may be civilized enough, submissive enough, to those who often dressed as a surface love social public-spirited , but actually doing their utmost to employees and countless grassroots means of exploitation and oppression for so-called business , much more than ten hours a day's work , even around the clock ,influence their health, their couples and children and complain but in the end most of the company's profits , distributed  to a handful of sitting in air-conditioned meeting room who open unnecessarily meeting and always lazy to see the stock price as well as the so-called leadership . what company bonuses, housing allowances medical tourism numerous, too much ! so unfair ! "

Xiao silent but anxiously listening Tinchi theories, all of a sudden could not say anything.

"Actually ... maybe I ... still a student, I do not quite understand what you say ." Xiao Lian tried to respond.

"Yes , and I dont want a cold backward to you . Usually your age should be very simple and naive! There is little vision of the world , thinking that as long as diligent , you can have a bright future , but in fact , If the world is really simple , it does not appear unfair things I just said . looked like a lot of companies who often appeared on television soap opera 's plot , and there is no end of intrigue , a lot of hard work , but nobody knows scheming honest , if encounter the villain, will suffer a great deal at any time , promotion pay over to people . Forget it Forget it , I do not want to scare you and make you afraid to join the society . "

She shaked a few nod.

"You are interested in this eternal God, really want to join? But just uncles anger , seems not want us to stay here and I see a little better than to leave quickly , the fact that we still do not know the religions  background , He then said to be the truth may make you resonate , but you hear Him say to fight , there is a cost. opportunity to get injured , you should carefully consider whether it is worth to join  , especially in off life , do not impulse so big bet . and most importantly, I do not want ...... you something ............ " Xiao Lian getting a little choked .

Her tearful eyes staring straight Tinchi of barking , making him feel slow down, but a little afraid she would cry  ! Hearts and uneasy!

"I just vent,  , do not be so serious ...... " Tinchi did not understand why more and more attention to her own joy in grief.

She nodded, a small string of tears from the eyes slide down.

"I still love you laugh, you cry I'll confused. Please stop it! "

"Then you promise not to do anything worries me and say bad lucks Speech again. I really afraid that you will join that organization, that time will be ...... if dispatched police to suppress, open fire, when you at there ...... ... " Xiao Lian seemed to cry again.

"Thank you so concerned about me ......... we start to eat." Tinchi  moved his hands carefully, then teared the bread flap half , put into the mouth of  Xiao Lian .

Xiao Lian tasted , not consciously looked at him lovingly , body warmth pouring out the same time  . Mind could not help pondering the situation last night ...

"Someone is knocking the door.

Aunt Wong ? "

"Open to look

Xiao Lian opened the door and saw uncle filled with smiling faces .

"I just offended you, I am sorry. Come down now, we fight together ." uncle  then turned his tune to extremely sincere.

Tinchi and Xiao shocked ............

"We are going to tidy up valuables to continue our journey, sorry to bother you." Xiao Lian intent farewell.

"No!!!!!"

"You saw our ceremony, must follow and obey the Eternal God, to share our diets and wealth, vow to take up arms to fight. If the non-compliance, then we are only to take you to the Eternal God for punishment, and ye with me down. "Uncle Fade commanded Them.

"Wong, peek your ceremony is our mistake, but not the reason to be forced to join your religion!"

"You saw the manifestation of God, is His special arrangements. Failure to comply, then it is equal to offend Eternal God and also tantamount to our enemies and we have a full one hundred young men in the village, you should understand what will revolt consequences of it! "Wong loud intimidates.

"What, want to fight?" Tinchi impulse to swing Wing Chun hand, Xiao Lian immediately pressing his hands.

"I'm sorry, we really unintentional glimpse of secret, you give me bottles and let me drink for apology, I promise we will not say a word to anyone." Xiao Lian intentions ease.

"Fuck! You are too ignorant, guess we're afraid you missed the tone right, one day all mankind will be the eternal religious followers. His highly of you that are so arranged to give you But if you are such impolite, these backcountry, take your dead body to feed the dog, nobody will know. "Uncle raised his fist and punched the wooden door heavily.

"Don't say any nonsense!" Tinchi had been tempted, ready to fight.

"Calm down, they should have a lot of people, and then think about how to get out of here!" Xiao Lian gently stopped him.

"Ah!!!" Uncle sudden attacked Xiao Lian, Xiao Lian heavy blow fell on the back.

"You hit a girl!" Tinchi not to be outdone, with Staring spells left leg toward Uncle Nakedness back.

Uncle obviously knew martial arts, an instant moving the body , unloaded Tinchi of the offensive.

Then he cast a similar whistle Choy Lay Fut fist, like a gale interior rotation of a fan, fresh and fierce urgency.

Tinchi immediately defense with high Tanshou caught offensive, with time became a Lie hand a pull, Uncle immediately lost the balance. This was transit fanatic wants.

Tinchi immediately took uncle down. Then dozen of punches fell rapidly on uncle's face.

Although being attacked , but he also no pushovers. He suddenly pulled Tinchi down beside him.

Injured Uncle Wong intent to kick the head and face of Tinchi . But suddenly the back pushed by an internal air bombardment. Air boomed from outside to inside.

"Ah!!!" Wong screamed, tearing pain from his organs, and then spit blood.

He surged and limped downstairs.

"You okay?" Xiao Lian condolences.

"Alright, your fist so powerful."

"Go! That he should look for reinforcements."

They picked up everything quickly and escaped .

Unsurprisingly, after opening the door, more than thirty young men taking sticks or knife, mighty rushing over.........

They immediately jumped into their bicycles, to speed fled the village.

Terrible sound getting weak, they invariably called up a long breath.

"Shit ! We have forgotten them." Xiao Lian shouted.

"They ? You say that two cats? " Tinchi sense her mind also .

Xiao Lian halted, looking around anxiously.

"Its dangerous to go back and find them, right ? We cannot cope with so many people.

"They are very important for you.  You Stay here, I go back to look for them.

"Are you crazy?  This is extremely frightening to deal with the villagers have all been brainwashed, they are willing to do anything to defend their faith, including loss of life and you go back and hard to get out, life bear "

Xiao paralyzed on the ground, helpless looked to be small villages.

"Come on! Leave now! . He pulled her  .

Xiao Lian knitted brows furrowed, reluctantly and then on the bike.

Tinchi stroking her hair, for comfort.

They continued to go with high-speed parallel, in front of the higher peaks denser road was getting narrower.

Do not know how many hours of riding. Day one black, two talents shocked stepper night.

Tired, I want to stop." Xiao Lian speed slow down significantly.

Find a place to camp it up! Seems that we have not eaten anything, I also feel some dizziness, find a break from the camp ground now.

They quickly to a small meadow, ready to start camp.

Xiao Lian suddenly dizzy, the body fell forward. Fortunately, he agile and gave her a help to avoid injury.

"You okay? I think you're hungry, I give you to eat some bread and drink water " Tinchi thought she was just hungry, just a small problem .

Immediately Xiao lost consciousness again and fell to Tinchis arms.

"Xiao Lian , don't scare me, you hurt by that bastard  ? Xiao...... " Tinchi noticed unusual circumstances , hurry up and confused  .

Xiao was still coma, he touched her forehead and found abnormal cold.

At that time the place wasI mainly full of silence, but sharp, strong and cold wind blown occasionally. Tinchi felt helpless and began to break down.

"It is very cold ......... " Xiao Lian breathless .

feel better ? Dont scare me, I take you to hospital now.

Its useless ............ I ......... know what it was, to go to the hospital ...... no use...... " Xiao Lian situation deteriorated sharply in the dark , the face was pale .

"What is it to get your way, you tell me.

"I want to take a sleeping ......... Rest assured, I can live more than a moment, set up camp first  ............ ......... cold......... "

Tinchi had been anxiety and body sweating, couldnt make any decision but only followed her instruction.

After the camp built, Tinchi helped Xiao to drink some water, she began a little improvement, but still face no color.

"Xiao Lian , I try reflexology for you to see if there is any help ,"  Tinchi suggested with worries  .

"In fact, useless ......... ......... but ...... I want you to do for me one more time......... very comfortable, thank you.

"Dont be silly, I'm afraid you have serious trouble, please tell me what the problem is, if you keep it secret, I dont know how to help you." Tinchi with a very gentle gesture for her massage.

Thank you ...... "

"Tell me please, I am now very upset. Now ......... " his eyes beginning to water .

"By this time, I dont want to hide you anymore, I should confess to you earlier, but you have to promise me, do not be sad about it, because all that I volunteered, and even if I leave, I definitely do not regret it. " Xiao Lian out her little finger, not waiting his response, on snare to the little finger on, shaked a couple .

"You say ! , You are important need you ......... "

Xiao exposed sweet smile.

Are you serious ? Very happy ......... you say......... " Xiao Lian suddenly put away the smile.

"Tinchi , in fact, I ...... I am not a people on earth......... "

Whatre you talking about ? What is not earth? " Tinchis brain stopped down , palms sweat fly ...............

I come from ........ A12 Scorpio " Xiao Lian said with serious of  cough.

Xiao Lian , what are you talking ? Disclosure of confidential mission is guilty to be death, your body has been hit by those proteins, you want to die? " Central system transmitted warning waves, but she had no intention to respond .

Tinchis body twitching up.

"Dont be afraid, in fact, we have an important mission, is looking for somebody in the earth who suitable for our requirement, bring him or her to our planet and help us to introduce earth culture and entertainment to enrich the lives of our people.

Tinchi watching Xiao Alzheimer, unable to respond.

"In Shenzhen , the central system told me the target person in the vicinity , so assigned the task to me ."

Tinchis eyes still full of doubts, showing not understand her explanation.

"Or simply, you are our target ,  I am responsible to lead you the way  to our planet , and then give you three weeks time , let you know more about our lifestyle, method of allocation of wealth, occupation, even marriage system. If you are willing to stay, we will base on your ability and interest to appoint a suitable job and place to live for you. We have developed such perfect systems many years ago, compared with the earth, much fair and reasonable allocation of resources, we guarantee you will earn a reasonable income and reward, in case you are willing to work hard and proved contributing to our planet  ...... cough ...... " Xiao Lian began to breath.

Why choose me? There are so many talented people in the Earth, I have no any special skills, extremely clumsy and stupid, otherwise would not get this worse situation." his inferiority mischief.

"We actually have a lot of equipment scattered in every corner of the earth, for your seven billion people worldwide conducting sophisticated and careful study, though having a lot of talented people in the world   , not everyone will be selected. The actual selection criteria I do not know, I only know that I was placed in the earth life, waiting for assignments. "

"It is confusing, after I began wandering, too many weird things happen, now you're saying you're an alien, take me to your original planet. I am really confused, you let me digest okay? " he began to lose control  .

"For ......... sorry ... I dont want to deceive you , can you help me to take the plastic bag ......... , I have to vomit ... " Xiao seemed  unwell .

Tinchi immediately opened the bag to let her spit, but she still only violently snit, could not spit it out.

" Xiao Lian , what made you such bad situation?  if you are really aliens , can come to Earth , no any way to deal with it ? "

"Tinchi , don't force me to tell you ."

" Why ? " he began aggressive.

"No!...... I dont want to say ... no .. " Xiao Lian started crying .

"I just want to find a way to help you, whether you are a human or an alien . Seeing your body becomes so groove is very sad . Beg you to tell me , the way you are torturing me ."

"Well ............ I'm afraid you will blame...... I ...... " Xiao Lian carried away , still hand over her face, sobbing .

" I promise you , I will not blame , okay ? You can have ability to know my everything  , you should know that my character, afraid to reveal to me a little thing, and do not tell me the rest,  I will be day-to-night non-stop to think about the truth , cannot not sleep ,cannot want to eat something , exhausted , dont you want me to be mad ? If you still keep secret, I will not eat, sleep, till I die! "

"Ok. I tell you ......... " Xiao Lian said like  a dying elderly , turned back her head ...............

"Last night you drunk stumbled , then you said a lot of sweet words and praise which made me sweet  , I also indulged , so ...... just like some drama The way ......... dedicated my first time ... I gave you and no longer a virgin.I know that I had to pay for   , but ......... I was willing . "

" Xiao Lian ......... I'm too bad, I'm sorry ...... I ......... " he tightened his head in , being pushed more emotional chaos. "

"Ah ...... " Xiao Lian suddenly unable to speak , could not move.

"Please dont freeze me ! Let me tell him all the truth , I'm sure he will visit our planet after he knows the truth  , I beg you to let me reach this last one wishes okay ? " Xiao Lian sent probably the last wave of her life to the central system .

Central system did not respond , but Xiao s body gradually resumed performance , could move the limbs .

Xiao gently swept Tinchis head.

"Why did not resist? I know you can stop me , but you chose to contribute your most important thing  ...... whatever you are not human beings ...... This should give to your favorite man, why were you so stupid ? "he could not help Cuddle with Xiao .

" You're quite right, I really can easily put you down , but do you realize ? , my body indeed dedicated my darling ." Haggard, she was very effortlessly raised her head fondly and stared at him .

"You know me just ... just more than a week, ............ You'll love a human living in the Earth ? " Tinchi fondle Xiao s  suddenly dry hair, heart thrown a question mark .

" Maybe like your human kind said  , love at first sight ! Actually I have 95 per cent of the Earth's human gene, so I have the opportunity to try love between  ...... cough...... " Xiao Lians asthma like a cattle .

" Xiao Lian , I'm not so worthy of love , my ability is far below average, compared with other men, I cannot get rich, cannot afford to buy a house, cannot afford to get marriage, only can get a low salary. Dont you know ? On Earth, only those men have such things can have a love marriage qualification. Ye are so magical wand should know how I was down and out , maybe your planet have different concept , but ...... oh ... " he carried away , escaped Xiaos sight.

She twitched her body again  , the situation seemed worse than the previous .

" Xiao Lian , I immediately rushed to city , call a doctor to come here, since you say you have 95 per cent of the Earth's human gene , I think there is a glimmer of hope ."

"Thichi  , it is ...... useless, because this is not a medical ...... ......... earth common sense and I believe ...... do not give a ... Earth woman ...... semen ... confused danger of hanging ... " Xiao was slurred .

Tinchi  fell into a completely  bottomless abyss .........

"My love , I am ...... ...... willing, willing to dedicate everything ...... ...... ......... definitely worthy of my devotion to the best guy ...... love ...... you have no money ... is .. insignificant ...... I just want to together ...... you ...... even if I can not go back to my planet ...... are ...... totally worth it and I also know of other ...... earth man, but ...... no one can make me have such a strong ...... ...... feeling. thank ...... you make me taste ...... so ...... ah ...... painful " Xiao Lian held him tightly  , eyes lost sight and situation got worse .

" Walk up Xiao Lian , I'm afraid , I lose my way , I do not know ......... " he only stiffly choked .

"I should ... it's time to pass away  ...... ...... ......... please hear me ...... " Xiao Lians voice had been weak, almost could not hear .

Fortunately, the extremely silence could make him hear .

He nodded , pasted his ear near Xiao Lians mouth , so she could speak effortlessly .

"Tinchi , I was angry ...... not ... fail to complete the task , I beg you ...... Anyway, must visit my planet once ...... help me complete my mission ... okay? "

He nodded .

"Also, I want you to swipe for me ...... body ...... clean ...... "

" Xiao Lian ... me."

"I gave you ...... but ...... you drunk ...... could not see my everything which only for you to enjoy  ...... I want you to see again then lets make love with you again, maybe the last time, till I die ...... "

" Last night, I have been very wrong, there is , I want to find out that you have done for me and after the trigger you got worse , was not it ? "

Xiao got severe cough a few times, unable to speak anymore.

She also opened her collar .

Tinchi infatuation divine will , had been answered . Yes, he was now the only , or must do, was absolutely obey her , even to his death as compensation , it must be done. Because he had committed a mortal sin !

He slowly took off her clothes, wiped with a wet towel had fallen into semi- coma Xiao  .

" Xiao Lian ,  last time we were attacked , that would end our lives , and ultimately we are still alive . more than one hundred people kill us , but also run out . Xiao , there will be a miracle .

Her eyes slightly opened, and then struggling to smile and shook her head.

Her good - shape body was demonstrated to him again  .

"I think ...... that day I bought the skirt ...... ...... ...... yet through all ...... I want to wear once and let you see ...... ...... wanna be with you ... then pictured ...... " Xiao Lian still spoke very stammer .

"You need not to speak, I do listen to you , now help you one by one to wear " he  kissed her , then turned to  Xiao Lians backpack , picked up multiple sets skirt which bought in Guangzhou .

Tinchi carefully helped her to wear , then picked Xiaos cell phone and took photos  .

Gradually Xiao Lian s body turned icy , revealing a satisfied smile . And then point to backpack and motioned him to take it over.

Xiao put her hand into the bag , struggling to pick up a small green box .

Pressed the round red button on the box  , less than ten seconds , the lid edges actually emerged to smoke .

She asked him to lift the lid schematically.

After opening the cover, the more incense aroma , full-bodied flavor dissipate after,Tinchi shocked .

That's his favorite Qiwei bread ............

Xiao Lian inability to speak , trying to softened eyes, looked at this little machine manufacturing Qiwei bread .

By this time , an invisible bridge had been connected to each other 's heart  . Tinchi realized she wanted to, maybe her last time to taste the bread. He put the bread broke on the instant , and then one by one put into her mouth  .

Xiao ate very taste, eyes narrowed in line with smile, liked very satisfied.

Eaten bread , she held out her hands , Tinchi understood  , that he hugged her in his arms . Sweet laughing Xiao raised her right hand ring finger , left hand with the index finger and thumb and put it surrounded, she turned and looked at him lovingly , it seemed to schematically him to follow the same way.

He did not hesitate to put his index finger and thumb set up, Xiao Lian deeply moved , tears started up , while exposing deeply grateful smile .

She wrote some word on his palms meant something : "Thank you for giving me the love and become your blessings. "

Her body was getting cold , and stiff up . Slowly, her body to the emergence of white smoke .

Smoke more intense , but also exuded some similar Osman fragrance , filled the tent . Smoke scattered, leaving behind only a few minutes Xiao Liao disappeared and only left transparent liquid and her belongings .

The next day, lonely Tinchi just transfixed , resisted to eat or drink , his  mind only filled with a myriad of remorse  :

" Xiao Lian , I'm stupid, I could not know how to go into your planet  , and ...... "

"I am so poor and useless. I  ...... "

" My whole life , no money, no career , no women no luck , rubbish ...... "

He began to fall into semi-conscious state, consciousness was also increasingly confused .

"Dont be sad , I'm still around you ...... "

" Xiao Lian , dont leave me alone ."

"Help ...... " He dreamed of ten Serpent and being hunted  , including Xiao was being eaten by one of  them  !

Suddenly there appeared a familiar feeling , and his face was like giving some animals licking .

He broke away surprised eyes. Yes, just like last time it was the same snake attacked coma .

Two cats appeared in front ............

Tinchis face got wet by cat's saliva !

It was so amazing that the cats could find him , Xiao Led them the way ?

Anyway , after seeing them, gently smoothed his soul, the desire to live a little more .

One cat jumped on the surface of the small green box  , called meow whine .

Frail body reminded himself not eat and drink for a long time  , he limped and took two steps , ask about this cat , cats played  gooseberry to jump, and then kissed each other !

Tinchi  crazily ate more than six breads, his body became warm immediately  , consciousness gradually recovered.

He turned a closer look, they had really a male and a female , no wonder so intimate.

"Let's give them a name  !  which name is good ? "

 Sour feeling suddenly influx , this gave  him ideas of  the names  .

" Boy called Wesley , the girl called white snow ! It was so decided.

Two cats went up to him, and warm roll wrapped around each other.

Saw two little cute , Tinchis infatuation obviously much better, and then went out of the camp to see the sights , deeply stretched .

That day was sunny, blue sky, occasionally drifting some thin cloud, one has a round, a bit like Xiaos face. Breeze in his face, gave him one kind of comfort missing long time, he took a deep breath, vaguely smell some fragrance . This is really sweet-scented osmanthus fragrance , or the illusion of constitute a miss ? Eluded him at once .

Surrounded by mountains, but significantly higher, estimated at more than 1,000 meters above sea level , some white clouds  covered the peak . Surrounding the beaten track, but higher than a man covered with brightly-colored mushrooms, red and green .

Sunk in the ideal world like here , such as this environment, he had an urge to settle here .

" Maybe Xiao Lian will come back ! " He suddenly had this unrealistic .

Two cats ran over , meow barking , biting his trousers  !

" What are you doing ? "

Wesley went ahead out the paths, looking back and looking hard to him  ,  like motioned him into action .

"You want to leave ? "

Two cute nodded .........

"Go, but I don't know where to go  ? Even if I go to the ends of the earth  , but  still in a certain latitude and longitude on Earth , I owe Xiao Lian a life, but I cannot fulfill her dream.Go ? It is meaningless "Tinchi watching two kittens tempted to move , really mixed feelings .

White snow naughty walked into the camp, and then piece by piece thrown out all personal belongings of Tinchi and Xiao Liao.

Wesley at the same time  pulled his pants and bite , vowing him out of the road .

" What are your two kid stir ?  I just want to stay and live here , should you approve it ? " Tinchi had some angry , as if to fight them.

Two immediate dejected.

Tinchi ignored them , then put a mess of things back  the camp .

He accidentally let Xiao s phone fall to the ground . He picked it  at once  , curiously opened the file stored inside.

 Deathbed photo shoot together appeared again one by one. He saw Xiao s head lightly sleep on his shoulder , looked pale ,but reveling in her eyes betrayed a sincere satisfaction. At this moment, he could not pull deeply breath .

Tears fell onto the phone screen, may be no power left  , or damaged  , coincidental silently turned off.

He crazily  looked for the charger everywhere , but after searching through all the corners could not be found.

Wesley and White snow sneaky came into the camp .

They stood on either side of  Tinchi again, coincidentally tearfully .

"I'm sorry , tone too heavy to hurt you " Tinchi calmed down, stroking their head .

He knew they were so significantly. Xiaos lifetime always tighten them , must be some reason .

Could it be that they are also from Scorpio planet ? " Tinchi realized .

Respectfully squatted in front of  Tinchi, two cats  suddenly surge of self- inflated. Yes, they liked a balloon pumped  , the figure became as an adult tiger.

Used to see a lot of weird things before  , Tinchi obviously had been accustomed to . So what was happening now  , and could have been a really astonishing thing, it seemed to have become commonplace things like.

But Tinchi still concealed his joy , because of the immediate things that proved just inference was correct , that they might have possibility to bring him to Xiao s hometown.

He was so excitement that want to hug them , but forgot their size was so giant  , he  lost his balance and fell to the ground !

Two seemed to make fun of him like a kid , when he fell,they returned  to original size.

"You This two naughty ghosts, you know how to return to your planet ? "

Two kid crashed while nodding .

"Great, as we immediately start ! "

Cats meow constantly excited also significantly ............

" Ah ! Xiao Liaos belongings ... I want them back to her hometown , but how can I do it ? "

Two kid seemed to have brain waves connecting  himself , then shrewdly body swell . Wesley even jumped on  Xiao Lians bicycle  , skillfully ran quickly stepped out of the street.

"This planet cat really have skills and intelligence there will be like those science fiction or movies  , there 's Mysterious File ? Or look like Iron Man ? " Tinchi wishful thinking a little blood boiling !

White snow sensible to assist him tidying up . This moment, except they could not talk like humans and had a human appearance , then , the acted as ordinary people on earth ! Called them catman was not an exaggeration!

Tinchi started his journey again , but this time accompanied him, was no longer Xiao Lian , replaced by two catman !

Heavy tread mountains and canyons, into a jungle like  as Amazon , Giant trees , the sun came increasingly difficult transmission .

Forest unusually wet , Tinchi  felt those annoying mosquitoes and aggressively into the attack .

"Little devil, you will eat mosquitoes  ? "

 Two kid also confused by this group of Air Force. busy to paw against these invaders.

Suddenly, there was a monster in the eyes quickly over, Tinchi scared and almost hit a tree.

Closer scrutiny, who had turned out to be a giant lizard colorful pattern classes , body weas very close to those Colorado Long living in Indonesia  . It stopped the pace after meeting Tinchi .

This Giants originally had remnants , there was another three more huge bodies , ran out from nowhere , surrounded by clouds of them , and they looked like , it seemed like hungry and wanted to have meal . One extended of its red tongue and ready for action !

"Little devil , what the hell , whether confused astray ? " Even after wrestling with the snake experience, but encounter these uninvited guests, still had some panic.

Two kid again resorted to special skill, the body swelled to three times bigger than these monitor lizards , and the same Victim, was breathtaking !

After a four eyes first met ,  three monitor lizards shocked by two cats arrogance awe , became a lost dog , intent to escape . But two kid nor had mercy, of which two were captured .

 Lizards killed with claws ripped skin , internal organs became two catsdelicious dish !

Tinchis heart gall bladder cold, but suddenly realized that being Hydra attacked , in the end who saved himself and Xiao Liao  .

Perhaps too bloody disgusting scenes, Tinchi could not dare to see  ! But those crunch also tought his hair straight pipe bristling !

After a hearty meal , two cats changed back to the original size and character , wrapped around Tinchis legs !

"You're both very powerful kid , seems I did not dare to offend you ! "

To avoid delay of trip , two cats with one person drove forward, after about fifteen minutes later ,  a very familiar voice transmitted to Tinchis ears .

It was wooden dummy sound, someone knew Wing Tsun martial arts and under practice  ............

This familiar voice attracted Tinchi , so he could not help stopping and took a look  .

Dark environment, yet there were a lighted tree house , the house vaguely heard radio sound. Around the house was a wire nor could the house had their own generators, or just using electrical batteries inside  !

 Under the old banyan tree house , it put a wooden dummy  . A similar age skinny man was practicing Wing Chun.

Tinchi carefully observated and studied his style  , compared with Learned before,was very different. But obviously , from the sounds he scored the dummy and the degree of swing after being hit , no doubt well- honed .

"The brother , this forest has many wild beasts, rashly insist forcing come will be very dangerous , or taking advantage of daylight quickly go back, there are many tigers , should not stay long ."this guy wearing an expert hobble glasses, seemed to be  very gentle  , soft-spoken . If not seeing him practicing wooden dummy expertly, really thought he was only a coward,or those only knew online games or nerd.

"The Master, I actually just passing by, but even in this dark forest to see people playing wooden dummy, and this exquisite Treehouse , curiously stopped appreciate ."

"I am just a junior learner, only have little skill , trespass now ! Only makes a laughing stock! " This expert was very modest, however, to saw him finish the one hundred and eight rear of leisurely, it was not hard to believe that he was a master !

Tinchi thought, each time practicing dummy would cause himself tired  , but this guy was so calm,no any sweat !

"Brother, you look so young and so have the skill , it should be under a lot of hard work ." Tinchi little bluntly.

"You're too prize, it seems you are also hidden master, otherwise normal people refuse to come here  ,but you just together  with two cats broke into a place like this, no any weapons brought ."

"It is joking  ! What kind of expert, but wandering everywhere, luckily not give tigers eat ! " Tinchi pretending free and easy.

"There are friends from afar, please  wait, I'll give you some kung fu tea ." He finished with a great agility Supreme Needless five seconds to climbed on his small world .

Tinchi suddenly felt really ambitious , nor be asked the guy ,started to play the dummy .

Two naughty kid bugging his legs , which made him unable to exert one type bracing legs.

" What you also stir ? Hungry  ? You seem to just eat a meal rich.

Two cute walked away, chasing each other.

"Just played good, but also with point brute force, able to relax a little better Come on , sit down and drink tea."

His delusion initiate really worked .........

Common interest, similar past lifetime made two hit it off .

This guy also a tea expert , named Ho, a native of Chaozhou . He had learnt Wing Tsun since childhood , had dreamed he could spanned . But because the character was too honest , didn't  know how to properly package himself . So even if this master was really a both academic and kung fu master  , he could not be success .

Perhaps resonate with a sense of the relationship , and intuitively felt that he was a trustworthy man. Tinchi  not reserved his own past story  and wandering reasons totally disclosed.

However, the adventure happened before and all the abnormal things concerned still kept secret , was afraid to give birth to minor .

A mutual spit mind , the two men up feeling really ambitious , learnt a whole night . This night A ho unreservedly taught and corrected Tinchis kung fu skill  , making him a lot of sophisticated in martial arts .

"I understand why you cannot be based on the martial arts ." Tinchi discovered Hos problem .

"You mean me so frankly , teaching everything I know,as the last night ."

"Yes ! I learned a full two years for Chum Kiu , then started to practice with other students have paid over ten thousand  ! Master often said Wing Chun is a very careful effort to be a step by step to lay a good foundation, but after all, need to pay tuition fees , other master within a year , finish teaching. My old style master really need a change. "

"In fact, your master not wrong , not just Wing Chun , even if other kind of kung fu , if you really have a certain skill, have to spend more than eight or ten years  ."

"My concept is to teach students as soon as possible  , then it is up to apprentice their own efforts ,let them practice. But I don't  know why , a lot of disciples learn, after three routines , always give the other master abetting or cheaper tuition to attract in the past, this is not confined to those who master more often nonsense , either said  that I have a problem , or criticized my teachings sloppy, the greatest irony is that they are all defeated by me . kung fu skill is not good to play these tricky means alas ... " ho sigh .

"Don't be sad! Our Hong Kong too, before I went to a number of practice gathering , these gatherings naturally varies greatly. Among them, a young man claimed to have only read the online demonstration video on Youtube , then boast that he  had realized the essence of Wing Chun , unbridled enrollment in these exchanges. I ran out of patience , and when he passed through his hands with boxing mercilessly knocked him to the ground , and since then have never seen him, but I really despise these are not learning without surgery of the believers . " Tinchi complained  .

"There are now people who really love Wing Chun is too rare and many are watching the movie concerning Wing Chun  , followed the boom to learn , but  after the boom cooling down , they  will automatically absent . and have no intention to notice the master  , I think it's a waste of time and money and very rude. Why do not think about whether  is really like to learn Wing Chun first ? I really do not understand . "

"Ha ha, you complain more than I  ! But I have noticed the same thing, that is a lot of foreigners have passion on Chinese martial arts bigger than many Chinese people. I have ever received an American as an apprentice , although he only come once a year learning , but each time come , would have sleepless nights  into learning , he can practice a pool most of the day dog day , bladder hand can continue to do more than a thousand times , quite perseverance . Unfortunately, he is temporarily unable to come because of economic reasons , or I absolutely I believe he has the ability to become masters . " Ah Ho put enraptured .

"I think that one day , all of a good master in Chinese kung fu come from western world. Too many Chinese  people struggle needlessly . Finish online gathering  every time I go , there are people in the online message saying that poor practices , that a no testimonies, obnoxious repulsiveness. really do not understand why cannot broad-minded that absorb other people's strengths, its evil that Chinese people really cannot be removed ?

" Chinese people have always been good internal struggles of the nation, I take the initiative to invite the American apprentice at first I tried to hand him the original is black belt in karate Kudan , also took the championship , backing a lot , but with my hand quickly beat him , apart from anything else afterwards worship me as a teacher , and later promote my kung fu skill  everywhere actively,  unabashedly say that I beat him. later,  a lot of his friends came to me and started  learning  , however ,the financial tsunami made them upset ,unlucky two of them further bankrupt , so only temporarily withdraw . "  Ho long exhaled .

" And they get along , deeply feel their enthusiasm and simple , but you see our Chinese  ...... "

"Yes, we are also in Hong Kong , we have a so-called education a One Art plus one sport regime. Simply means that every student needs to learn a sport and an art, however, the purpose of this concept but insisted athletic training or artist but to be admitted to a good school and some parents on the children who accompanied him  , but obviously they do not really want to learn martial arts deeply , the main purpose is to socialize this game now ! " Tinchi angry  .

" Master Ho, you live in this tree house  for a long time , have heard of the Eternal God? " Tinchi suddenly remembered this heretical religion , and immediately turned his topic.

A ho face suddenly became livid , became very frightened but unfortunately lost ............

Atmosphere suddenly became unusual quiet !

 Nervous Ho lighted a cigarette, smoke rings built a thick wall between the two men .

"I have to rest,  go towards the direction of my left hand side , about forty minutes to leave the forest, it is too late , I wont accompany you, till we meet again ." still very gentle tone , but Tinchis heart had a heavy blow ,  this was simply an eviction notice .

Ho went straight to climb to his dwelling, and then adjust the radio volume deafening .

Wesley and White snow returned back from nowhere, belly obviously swelled some type of  beast which unfortunately became their food !

life must go on , fulfilling  Xiao Lian 's last  wishes was his significant mission , just forgot Ho . it was not big deal .

Quickly out of the forest, and then also seen numerous hills, reached an endless prairie .

Cycling through a small hill , wind-swept pastures of cows and sheep , they invariably paid attention to this human and  two cats uninvited guest curiously, a few buffalo also sent Wuwu sounds.

Originally the batch busy grazing and monitoring of their herds , somehow seemed flustered , began to flee together .

Dive over a crowd of horses , cattle and sheep obviously afraid horses , horses soon occupied this piece of lawn.

Tinchi had never seen this horse species, their body had a very special fluorescent blue ,  also exuded a rich atmosphere fragrant smell.

This tastes very quickly touched to the depths of the soul of Tinchi  , because it was  precisely Xiao often distributed Osman thus fragrance.

Two kid saw blue horse excited, but obviously this kind of excitement and emotion not concerning food , but similar re-encountering a familiar and important friend in general. Meow constantly  , White snow jumped on  a head horned ponies, as valiant as jockeys , riding the horse freely .

"Two little devil  stir what ? Really never seen this type of horse  , is it not the Earth's species ? "

Wesley went to pick up the belongings, and then put them on horseback.

Another horse was larger , no horned , lovingly came to Tinchis side, spiritually kneeling down , as if to indicate he rode out.

Tinchi had never ridden a horse before ,had little timidity ,  also hesitant of whether should go ride .

Wesley suddenly walked in front of his body with the head pushed it.

Tinchi was sense to prompt him to ride this horse, it was very likely to take him to that place which  Xiao Lian was borne  , so he  directly asked Wesley :

"It can take me to Xiaos planet ? "

Wesley nodded, Tinchi jumped at once .

Horses mighty way , a man and  two cats riding three different blue horse separately  , the other three  responsible for transporting two bicycles and other belongings .

Horses through a waterfalls , huge sound of the water completely overshadowed hoofs . saw it draw up a spray of small rainbow road .

Every time seeing rainbow , Tinchi infatuated in totally produce an indescribable impression . This time really made his blood Pentium , a long absence, a sense of hope deeply translucent up .

Galloped over the imposing excited waterfall, horses walked into a giant cave.

Increasingly faint light, Tinchi grasp this rag time and looked back , eager  to enjoy small rainbow once again . Fortunately, they were still small rainbow grace to continue to expose their beauty , so before leaving the Earth, he could see the beauty at the last time .

Horses suddenly stopped, a dazzling purple appeared  .

Light diminished , a double-decker bus -sized purple circular UFO arrived  ............

Two cats schematically Tinchi stepping UFO cabin .

He got into the cabin , and that pure purple cabin , like jumping into a virtual world  . This type without any windows unknown alien machine could really bring him to outer space ?

Any pilot operate it ? Look like humans ? He went to the end of the cabin , could not see any similar hatch objects.

Wesley and White snow did not step cabins, invariably used a reluctantly looked at himself.

"Both of You promise to accompany me.But now what's going on  ? " Tinchi surprised.

Coincidentally, two kid hanging his head, avoiding his questions.

However, the answer was very obvious.

"You do not accompany me, and abandoned me ! " Tinchi choked.

Two cats moved into the cabin of the accompanying article , then turned round and round his feet , reluctantly stared at him , sitting motionless .

Tinchi pushed up his hands , but the two had no intention to leave .

"Your task is completed , go to the next one now ! Do not bother me, I used to , and destined to a loner ! "

Two ghosts response was a bit like a baby cry .

Tinchi squatting down, affectionately kissed them , then they were picked up stroking .

" Hee hee ... " White snow pretended Xiao Lians grinning !

"You little devil ! " Tinchi had been tearfully .

Aircraft issued a similar train line to open a continuous bell . seemed to be ready to take off. Two cats immediately stepped out.

The door closed immediately,Tinchi had no chance to say goodbye to the two cats.

One kind of sudden urge to stop the aircraft, wanted to return to Hong Kong to say goodbye to his best friends , mother . Of course including his ex-girlfriend .

But fleeting thoughts , he did not know how to return to Hong Kong . Not to mention his short time wandering , had done some things wrong .

For that she and Xiao Lian , he was indebted to them  !

" Please forgive me and treat me as dead , goodbye ! " He told silly in this last time in the earth  .

Engine noise sounded slowly , a very familiar female voice sounded in the side .

"Welcome Tinchi  , please sit down and fasten seat belts. Spaceship coming out , then leave from the Earth by a million times the speed of light . Eat Qiwei immediately , otherwise your body will be immediately disbanded. Spacecraft wont fly before you finish eating . "

"You are Xiao Liao ? Xiao ... " But no response.

"Please eat immediately ." Girl mechanically reminded.

He immediately turned on the machine  , and he realized why Xiao Liao always reminded  him to eat the bread , but why so early to eat it ?

"Xiao Liao reborn?" He still could not tell himself whether it was an illusion caused by excessive thoughts, or simply another person .

Quickly eaten the bread , engine re-launched . He followed the instructions, sit down and fasten the seat belt.

Aircraft started, an extremely powerful centrifugal force hit from all sides .  fast feel like tearing his limbs , head spinning.

Splitting pain finally made him faint.........

A slight breeze blowing gently , inadvertently woke up the guy who fainted for a long time  .

Eyelids not opened yet , he could  not help but had a deep breath , that sweet air infiltrated his body organs, seemed like a wash .

" Red Sky will do ? Here would be Avatar -like appearance ? Or say ET phone home understand that of a large head but small body ? " Curious consciousness filled with the brain.

He was now the mood , like the Chinese traditional wedding, going to uncover the red clothes of the bride, imaging their appearance.

He then took a deep breath , savoring and found that really was a little touch of sweet-scented osmanthus fragrance.

His heart was look a gift horse, and immediately opened his eyes, but at last his ultimate hope dashed , the fact was unable to meet Xiao Liao again  !

Exactly the same to the earth  , the sky was also blue, occasionally there were a few pieces of patterns charming wafting clouds .

Slowly stood up, and then stretched it out a lazy stretch waist, admired the surrounding scenery.

Round full size patterns vary, but the colorful fungi plants. Closer scrutiny, some had stretched it out a shrink 's crawling around .

He touched a short plant, wanted a taste of alien plants texture. That plant instinctively, quickly dodge, others had invariably fell.

Remember before riding in the spaceship, he had seen these plants . And then looked at the sky , was  still blue sky . A look ahead in the line of sight , vaguely saw a snowy mountains .

Tinchi were suddenly to wonder , because of the  surroundings ,  seemed like the European steppes , more than fantasy outer space.

Of course, the vastness of the universe, the human exploration of space to the farthest distance from the Earth , it is said more than ten billion light-years. Said to have similar planets Earth's environment , will not be excessive .

Estimated approximately 20 degree Celsius temperature ,  quite comfortable .

He try to jump, found out the difference of gravity between the Earth and this unknown planet  . Results jumped on a full ten storeys high , but fortunately landing speed was quite slow , otherwise would cause seriously injured or dead .

He was scared almost fainted! But it had proved this place really not Earth.

Shino still no one , he started a little anxious fear . So back to the spacecraft cabin , though not hungry ,  ate some Qiwei package to stand by any unexpected things , which made unable to eat !

He also curious to touch the cabin wall , but touched immediately be scaled back , and the heat generated by friction with the atmosphere of the Earth had not receded yet, his palm felt pain and got red.

It took almost half an hour.

"No one welcome me? " Getting a little impatient.

He came out of extravehicular, bouncing a few times afterwards. Simply and practice Wing Tsun  , so easy to pass the time .

Distant horizon suddenly appeared three black spots , these black spots from far to near , rushing to here ............

Black spots closer and closer  , slowly landing in front of Tinchi.

He looked at them  , no need to use any flight instrument assistance. They just liked Earth -like birds , flying just an innate instinct.

They estimated at least seven feet tall, wearing a neat silver uniforms. At a glance, similar to human in the Earth. Golden straight body hair, covered with white skin. Gender was also very easy to distinguish, two men and a woman . Woman standing behind the men , seemed  quite plump shapely figure .

"Excuse me, belated." surprised that they were literate in Chinese.

Many science fiction or movies always depicted three pointed star anise aliens, quite eagerly awaited . So after seeing their real appearance  , felt a little sense of disappointed .

He politely said hello, the trio waved stiff response.

Welcome to our planet , your board is ready ." Alien girl spoke softly but cool .

Tinchi tempting to stared at the girl carefully, she had a pretty face , facial Peugeot, watery eyes with a little green, can be regarded as an absolute beauty, but the expression was very stiff.

Although Tinchi fascinated watched her , but she was still expressionless , neither shy nor any nuisance , trance fans of this little impolite sight to her was not significance.

This cold response made Tinchi blushed , he turned his face , to see the remaining two men . Similarly, they had refined silhouette, seemed to be a bit like Korean idol , but also no expression .

One of them had a long beard, suddenly acted like the Iron man , a bunch of blue light emitted from the palm of his hand , Tinchi soon be surrounded by that light 

Needless to one minute , he even being in a luxury hotel suite .

The messenger left the woman to accompany him .

This really was an extremely luxurious suites. The living room had a set estimated at least sixty -inch flat-panel TVs , while the central hall there was a large round table , the table installed with a spotlights objects. And then went into the bathroom , turned out to have a large Jacuzzi , all shower cap , bath salts and other equipment readily available, but also hang TV set on the wall .

"These devices are specially designed for you.Lets have a good rest first. Tomorrow will show you around our mode of life ." still cold tone .

Girl went to the round table , fingers toward the air and then pressed, a computer screen appeared.

"I'm really in the middle of Iron man 's workshop ? " There will be robots installed in my body  ? Then I can fly?" thought with  little excited .

" What would you like to order?Just touch the screen  , let's try ."

He went to the front of the screen , written in Chinese cuisine , had his favorite Marinated Goose , lemon chicken , bean curd spinach . He clicked all , less than one minute , hot and delicious food  "Print " out.

" Very advanced, your planet is very caring ! " said with a little  mood .

However, she still showed no emotion , exactly like a nun as Buddha -like . Abandoned all emotions, she was no difference from a robot .

" See you tomorrow! blue surrounded her and disappeared within a second  .

" Why do their attitude so bad ? " Tinchi wondering .........

Tinchi discovered this computer screen containing a small square .

He wanted to test this computer in addition to create dishes , whether be able to produce other things.

He wrote a word of wooden dummy on the screen  , amazingly printed out a real one .

He also wrote a word of diamond , but this time nothing happened.

After playing a round  , he wanted to come outside to see the scenery of this planet . But worried that this room was different from the earth , required special access method  .He was not familiar with those " instant transfer" tactics .

Trying to come on the occasion , the door suddenly opened , the pretty girl standing outside who made him shocked , nervously steped back .

"You can go out , I can accompany you ."

"How can you know my mind? It's too amazing " Tinchi wondered .

Herald was still cool  , only shaked the hands  , Blu-ray brought them to a small street .

This place was full of ranch house, a small town at first glance mimicking Europe . Compared with countless science fiction describing hundreds of towering giant -storey building , it was  a world of difference .

The house should be residential. having a certain distance between each house, could give people a sense of comfortable  space , Tinchi deeply appreciated this design .

They quickly stood on a convenience store , pretty girl brought him to enter  .

This shop had assortment of goods , sold a number of unknown things. However  , it was unbelievable that the shop had potato chips,peanuts, crackers and other foods , as well as soy milk and other beverages which always seen in the Earth.

"So Surprising, no wonder you will know how to come up with my favorite dishes up.

"Yes, you gulp? " Girl rarely smiled .

" I want the soy milk! Eager to compare the taste of soy milk with the Earth .

Girl took two boxes of milk that package printed with the text of this planet , but exactly the same packaging style to soy milk of the Earth 's products , and then directly left the shop without pay .

"There need not pay anything ? " Tinchi infatuation borne curious .

" Sure , but the procedure is quite different from your planet , our money is inserted in our body , you see shop door installed a scanner , if we buy something , just pass the scanner to complete the transaction automatically ."

" You mean to put money into the body , isn't it ? "

"Exactly, every citizen has a chipset stored in our body  , this chipset record all of our information, including wealth , course of every days life , as well as our brain waves ,own minds  etc. is transmitted to the central system ."

Tinchi remembered  Xiao Lian had told him she always communicated to the central system . Of course, he did not know the details.

"The method of  the earth's wealth allocation of resources was too far behind ." She suddenly stunned to criticize the Earth .

"Though your planet have virtual currency , electronic wallet , NFC and so you thought that the most advanced trading patterns , but the most important concepts and regulations such as security , fairness , were not emphasized. Just only improvement of hardware but not software is not enough!"

" Not quite understand ."

"You try to analysis, what is the advantage to put money inside the body ? "

"This is ......... "

"Suppose you are a thief , you will use a variety of methods such as force , fraud , etc. to steal others property  , after then only reachable through the law enforcement agencies to help victims to recover lost property , and the suspect is wasted manpower and resources to conduct a series of judicial process to secure a conviction in your planet, but we won't do such stupid and inefficient thing  . " still icy tone .

"First of all , you cannot arbitrarily steal our money, because it is hidden in our bodies ." She added.

"If I kill you , and then cut open your body to remove those chips, can I take it  ? " Maybe hearing her unsparing critique of the earth , Tinchi unconsciously raised this question . He was also a bit confused , scared any punishment that he wanted against her . "

"Dont be afraid to ask this question. if you really do, you only obtain a waste ."

Tinchi began to admire this planet  ............

"This is impossible to kill me , even if you can really make it , you only  take out just an empty chipset   , all data will be erased and reverted to the central system , you've got just a useless square object , a waste . "

"Oh ! " In fact , Tinchi was not too clear .

Envoy back to the hotel , the girl told him not to run around and better had a good rest . She also told him to wake up tomorrow, ten o'clock , after freshen up and had breakfast,she would lead him to visit everywhere .

Messenger also told that he could take a look at television for entertainment, or training kung fu . Said that this TV could receive all the channels in the  earth , then she turned to leave.

He was really too tired , he quickly  jumped into the bathtub , immersed enjoying this outer space SPA.

At first thought this planet would be very different from the Earth , But actually there were  so many similarities , even the water was just like the earth , colorless, tasteless and odorless .

Feel a little disappointed on the occasion , but their method of storing money  , seemed very interesting and wisdom !

More than five thousand years of human evolution , the development of currency from ancient to modern coins virtualization, the surface seems to be improved a lot, but so far we still have to face the money will be stolen , being deceived , as well as global countless murder events. The greatest irony is that no one intends to have the reform of the way of money , to avoid such things to continue happening .

Conversely, as the angel said, storing money in chipset and insert into the inner body ,then  coupled with the central system to monitor the planets all citizen , seemed that these problems could be solved.

Messenger only introduced roughly about this scientific transaction method , made Tinchi had boundless curiosity .

"Must study their lifestyle carefully. However  , why cannot be able to kill them? "

Perhaps eating too much, and immersed in water for too long time , he began to feel a little like vomiting , inevitably forced to stop this one hundred percent comfortable spa .

Lying in bed for a while, felt a little better . Remembered that could see the Earth 's television stations, so went to front of the TV .

However, this TV did not have any button , and no any remote control. So how could turn on?

He thought it was a normal touch screen, then try to touch it , but no any response.

"Try to concentrate your mind,and then tell the TV set which station you  want to see. It will immediately serve you and follow your instruction  ." Ears actually heard the voice of female angel , but she did not appear in the eyes .

"They could know what I think ," Tinchi shocked .

He stared at the TV screen, concentrated his mind and try to order the set for the news station in Hong Kong  , it really turned on automatically and transferred to news stations  .

After the familiar news reports intro music, news caster gettin up to .

Accident, demonstrations , theft and the like platitudes . He initially had  a little puzzled.

But a toon news touched his nerves.

"The recent worldwide appears  a special sect , they use a luminous and talking statues attract followers. This incredible event cause large crowd of people become followers ,their numbers geometrically increase , including a large number of original Catholic, Christian and other orthodox religious believers , they begin to challenge their original religion and think that is the true manifestation of God . Britain, USA, and other governments have begun to pay close attention to their activities , while the Government is also highly concerned about their activities in Hong Kong , if necessary, to send police to investigate whether criminal elements ...... "

"Eternal God ? ? ? " .........

"It's really not simple .Whence they ? Are terrorists , or scheming bad guys  ? " Tinchi intentionally put these questions again and again thinking , intentions guiding A12 star could answer his doubt .

Unfortunately, did not get any response.

Instead ears heard a broadcast :

" Please prepare: eleven o'clock will begin to rain till 12:00am ,  total rainfall fifty millimeters ."

"Oh ! That they have already mastered the technology to control the weather, they can random preset time and amount of  rainfall, it is too great ! Earth has often been plagued by drought, floods , still think of solutions, too ashamed ! However, they still use our planet units of measurement , it seems that there is a little bit  thing of earth drawn to the alien , finally gain back some face . "

11pm rain turned up on time . Tinchi went to the window looked the rain scene , very dense rain , beating constantly window glass , the streets deserted.

He continued to practice Wing Tsun , the rain miraculously stopped completely one hour later  !

Began to feel very tired , he fell down immediately then slept deeply  .

It was really a very deep and nonstop sleep through the whole night , perhaps the fresh air in the planet gave him completely rest  !

Woke up, and after grooming , came to the meal order screen  , then ordered a set of pineapple ham macaroni Hong Kong-style breakfast, of course, his beloved milk tea !

Not inferior to tea in Hong Kong, both fragrant and slippery !  He could not help to ask two more  .

Looked out the window, and came to the same as yesterday , a blue sky .

Girl appeared punctually ten o'clock , today she changed into a tight purple dress , was still frosty .

Her dress was really nice and fit her. Tinchi wanted to compliment her. But after seeing her face , chose to forget it!

" Hee hee ... " she gave a rare sweet smile .

"You ......... "

Tinchi suddenly alerted the people in here could know what he was thinking , hands and feet began to panic .

" Thank you for the compliment ! " She was bent over like the Japanese ninety degrees .

Tinchi got speechless !

"I thought you really had no emotions , your smile so sweet and prove it wrong ." He reacted slowly .

She replied by an indifferent smile .

The remaining two men came here at the same time .

"Morning ," They actually knew people on earth polite word .

Tinchi answered with a hello.

They dressed in white shirt, blue jeans off . Also exposed the coat-tails . Seeing this circumstance  , it was  difficult to believe that this was in a star of Scorpio.

The vastness of space , of which there are some habits and even patterns similar extraterrestrial civilizations , absolutely possible . We have many imagination in science fiction or  movie depicting the image of aliens , when one day have the opportunity to meet other alien civilization might completely disappointed .

Messenger and Tinchi soon " instant transfer " up.

They came to a factory.Yes,really liked the Earth's plant  .........

The plant , with an estimated more than one hundred thousand square feet , about twenty employees were working , they were busy handling a machine which seemed the same to that one in hotel  , but did not  know what was  in production .

"It is so excited to visit their factory , is really an eye-opener ." Tinchi  nonsense flattery .

"The aim is to let you know our way of life and working style. Surface hardware, compared with those in the earth, not be much difference , but our wealth allocation and salary system is much fair and progressive than your home ." both of them without unsparing criticism of the Earth .

Appreciate further details ." Tinchi  really wanted to know more details about their operations .

"You have noticed that one is the manager of this factory? " girl asked him .

At first he did not pay attention to this point , the only way to remedy the situation .

One instrument stood a slightly portly man , was guiding the work of a woman . Obvious was the unit leader .

"I guess he is ! "

" Right , but do you know that the woman was originally his supervisor ? "

"Oh ! "Tinchi thought that  countless similar cases happening in the Earth  , that woman was just one of the losers in the event of struggle , could not escape the fate of being demoted and denounced , so he answered with a bit perfunctory , casual.

"It's not what you think. Initially, the young man was assigned as a junior operator  , and woman to be appointed as a supervisor, but later the central system noticed that man, not only work hard, but also constantly study hard in new knowledge . relatively speaking, the woman was lazy and not actively enhanced her management skills  , so the system put their job swap , while salaries , at first man only got a half of the woman , but now it is her three times . "

"Oh ! The earth also have a similar mobilization. "Tinchi had doubt .

" But your upsize , the management perception to the staff is a main factor .For example , many organizations will do appraisal report as a reference for salary advancement , but these reports are often lacking objectivity, In case the relationship between  reviewers and employee is not good ,or the reviewer has a subjective perception to the employee, it will have a great possibility to join a subjective element , lowered his rating , making him unable to receive proper and reasonable salary and also a suitable position  ,to our point of view, is a waste of resources  , the central system will not allow it happen . "

"Yes , we really have too much such unfair cases, many of low ability guy , using clever language with kind words confused their boss, or to portray themselves as able guy , as a result got a well-paid job . Instead those working industrious and full of integrity,only be assigned extreme heavy workload which harmful to their health and family relationships, or  be framed bullied.  this kind of thing certainly inevitable , unless, as your planet by a third party governance . " Tinchi s past experience made him  begin to feel silly together .

 All of our work assignments, salary , are determined by the central system which base on our  contribution to the planet and  will be reflected in our salary , so there is absolute objectivity ."

" Still not understand ."

"Do you know who is the highest salary in here ? "

" The manager  ? "

"No, you look at that cleaners ." Girl pointing to a male workers who were  working hard in cleaning .

" Is he ? "

"He is not only hard work , but also often willing to take on other jobs , he made the whole working environment spotless and dustless , has greatly improved all staffs  health, so he is the highest-paying employee,  his boss has only 80% of him  ."

"He can  ... pay higher than his boss is miracle  " Perhaps too incredible, his tongue began to knot .

"Your planet 's boss and managers often occupy a large part of the profits , the reason is for compensation to their risk taking and contribute capital.However,we discover most of them diversify this so-called risk to their employees,and unfairly refuse to take responsibility for their faults.For example,if the company faces financial problems due to wrong decision made by the management level ,they usually use redundancy as major method to solve the problem,but those employees fried are always innocent,they should not be treated as such thing.In addition,these employeess returns are far below to their efforts, and cannot reflect their contributions.In our planet, the central system will base on the degree of contribution to whole society as rules for salary decision making  . You see this cleaner, he make the entire production space sterile virus-free. other employees do not need to take sick leave because of suffering illness. The productivity will thus significantly improved, so that to the profits of  this  factory, this cleaner has a great contribution . "

"The central system is a superior computer ,its speed is much faster than your earth 's most advanced supercomputers, around  100,000 times  , and have more than one back-up computer for backup purpose  , located in different districts.So the system can accurately calculate and monitor the entire planet  one hundred million people in all correctly . " male messenger supplement.

" As you have said , basically all your life behavior is controlled by the central control system ,isn't it ?"

"Yes, in fact, a thousand years ago, our way of life , was exactly the same to your planet  , also so-called laissez-faire capitalist market economy as a mainstream model. Yet human greed and selfishness made all the material and wealth of the planet  fell into the hand of  very small group of people, this situation was very similar to the Earth. Poor people chose to tolerate and kept in silence at first , and later found that this small group of people lost all control and sympathies and began to swallow the povertys  residual  wealth So the majority of people who suffered from these minoritys behaviour felt discontented and could not tolerate no more. In order to teach them a lesson and get back their own wealth, they united to declare war .At first because of poor and inferior equipment, the poor were  defeated unfortunately  , a lot of people lost their lives in vain , but later re-engineering tactics, and getting other planets supported weapons, they started comeback , however , the war had no winner , eight years of the war not only made the Star civilization doomed , but also the total population left less than a thousand , and later the people still survived found that if  this battle continued, all people would perish , so started ceasefire . "

" After the ceasefire , they perceived their lifestyle must carried out a revolutionary change, otherwise in the future people might make the same mistakes, after a fine research, they eventually got out of the conclusion was : We need to abandon our own right to rule our planet, and give it to a third party , after several years , the central system was built . "

"something should be mentioned  , in order to coped with this vast program, our ancestors also undergone a large GM plans.You try to  imagine if there was a careerist , knowing  there is such a super- computer , he will make use of any fraudulent means to obtain it , possess it . When he successfully steal and operate  this computer, he can fulfill his ambitions and fully control everyone in the planet. In order to prevent such thing happen  , they ordered each one who was still alive , must be carried out this genetic changed operation .The aim was to get rid of those self- worst instincts such as greed , selfishness, ambition , etc. eradicated them.  Applying your earths word, turned them to a fool and lost all ability to carry out any fraud behavior.

Another advantage to this scheme  , for example , suppose a manager delegate some work to a staff  , but he cannot complete the task for some reason , and then the staff  complained about the results arising from unclear instructions  , thus the two sides had an argument . If this happens, they just send a brain wave to consult the central system, the system will play back the video for their previous communication course, all the truth will be disclosed,then who has to be responsible for the mistake will be verified .For your  Earth ,people are wasting too much time in such senseless fight depression , not only dragged the work efficiency, but also greatly hindered the pace of your  people evolution , serious waste of your potential . "

"But you will lose all the privacy and human rights, is it worth  ? "

"Its a good question . Said a truth, initially planned implemented, no one agreed and accepted such ridiculous thing. They were afraid of losing all freedom and privacy. Some of them immediately chose to emigrate to other planets. but then , they  gradually realized that , compared with the consequences of whole human race extinction ,  paying the cost of this rag was  simply insignificant , and gradually began to accept this change and continue to multiply readily generation , while this concept began to spread to other planets , a total of five hundred planets currently implemented the same project , we and the universe of these planets formed a coalition to support each other . "

"Very interesting, very meaningful! "

"We are all experienced the Holocaust as result of  this way of life , but one thing I want to remind you that, according to our result of research , your Earth  will have seventy percent chance of suffering  such disaster , because the growing gap of wealth between rich and poverty , at the same time, a new and huge organizations are absorbing these poor people for jihad counterattack. soon after, the Earth will face a serious threat to security . "

Tinchi  pores bristling , body unconsciously twitch up .

He certainly knew what he said ............

A factory unit in Lai Chi Kok of Hong Kong , inside was packed. They all abnormally high mood , some even danced in place , began to sing crazily.

"Harry , Harry, your Redeemer , fills me with thy mercy , let me get out of poverty . Ask you to please you, let me return the favor. Ask you to please you, let me jihad ......... " These lyrics accompanied by strong discos beat, everyone liked a drug abuse.  Some of them even took off clothes among them, men and women, most of them on the spot kiss caress.

"Leave now! I'm so scared, here a full of madness ." Office lady Candy dragged her friend Karens hand , wanted  to pull her away.

" Afraid what  ? Such a big backer. They helped me to settle all the outstanding balance of credit cards and helped me to fight for paying rises . Believed him you will have many advantages. Let men to fight jihad ! Then find a handsome guy , just wide our legs to give him sexual comfortable , we will only gain , won't it ? "Karen looked intoxicated , but also constantly looked around , looking for prey.

"Dont be so lewd okay ? There is no free lunch in this world, you will have to pay for it  ."

"Pay for what ? AIDS ? VD ? Don't be silly  , our Eternal God will heal me ."

Candy decided to leave, but found everywhere filled believers and could not squeeze out.

Looking back , Karen had dated a six feet tall handsome and well-built guy  , to some extent looked like Brad Pitt, kissing and then her hand gripped the guy  nakedness , rocking to and fro .

Candy looked helpless on the occasion , a middle-aged fat man, rushed to her place, and seemed to do some impolite behavior. .

Her boyfriend had taught her some anti-wolf tactics . She moved quickly with a horizontal brace legs, just fell the fat man s leg joints , he lost his balance , and fell down.

Suddenly, a few bundles of purple glare twinkling and enhanced the feelings of the masses, more to go to the summit.

"Eternal God , Eternal God , Eternal God ......... " loud shouting , jumping and jumping believers coincidentally , that was vaguely heard the screams from the fat guy , it seemed that he was stepped by many followers  .

"Ladies and gentlemen good brothers and sisters , today is the anniversary day of The Eternal Church established in Hong Kong. During this short period of one year , our number of believers from the initial ten people , increased to more than 100,000 followers today,  of course depends on your selfless ground , whole-heartedly to all your friends and relatives know Evangel , so that they can enjoy with my thanks . " an extremely imposing and stately male voice , suddenly stopped the madness inside .

"In the merit respect, this week , I grant our brothers Zhang , his mother had acute liver cirrhosis, requires a large amount of medical expenses for a liver transplant , I grant him one million dollars to settle it , and now his mother had surgery, also can cope with the cost of living for a long time ......... "This male had not completed the speech , the scene of applause already impatient , outsize , and lasted a full two minutes .

" All my good believers  , most have been baptized , but there are still a handful , have not firmed decisionism yet, we now help them to determine .

"Well , well, well ......... votary great efforts had been exhausted shouting .

"Now , my Emmanuel, will exposure to those still pending, when he or she being irradiated, all of  you must help him or her  ,Here is a dipping pool , you will get them here  ! "

"Good, good ............ "

Bouquet of blue light , which was emitted from the podium .

This beam was impartial , the first one to shine Candys body ..................

Four men and four women surrounded  Candy .

" Baptized baptized baptized ............ "

Candy felt the first time of terrible power of the masses , these people kept repeating slogan , pointing to her very rude . It seemed only choose to be baptized .

Still hesitant on the occasion , they even went ahead lifted her up . she scared and quickly hid her skirt .

Intent to resist, but she had been thrown into the pool , soaked to the skin .

She did not know how to response , only to weep !

That beam of light then turned to hit another young boy .

" It's unreasonable to force me to believe a religion , you are clearly a cult , I have to denounce you ...... " That boy was very brave to express himself sober.

Several men without any explanation punched and kicked him  , a minute later , that boy lying on the ground moaning and bleeding .

 Two men then picked him up , took him to an unknown place, no one knew his final result  .

Beam also took another two girls and a boy . Of course , they were obediently jumped into the pool, regardless of whether they  were willing to be baptized  , because there was no room for resistance !

Light was finally over , and then the male voice began to chant .

Candy secretly looked to the podium, only saw a statue. But her most surprising , was his mouth could open and speak .

He walked towards her, other believers followed Him chanting .

Statue stood in front of her, looked at her with extremely deterrence .

A magic wave  pulled out her rational character . She felt the urge and desire to rely on , awe, and even  dedicate her body to him , then actively untie her collar button .

But the statue  stopped her  , and then walked to another girl , repeating the same wave .

Candy completely conquered by this magic.

The party ended in the midnight  .

Karen and Candy went to the taxi stop, ready to split and go home  .Wet Candy told Karen with surprised  :

"Don't be selfish and for your own personal benefit ! Obey and well serve the Eternal God  ! Must listen to what He commanded Any brother who decides to fight jihad , I will dedicate myself to him.Bye bye!  "

Familiar with her extremely sensible and conservative character ,Karen was confused with her sudden change ............

"Such an irrational behavior .Why? You abandon him ? Eternal God confused you ?" Karen sent a What's, app message to pray to understand.

"Actually is he abandon me , it is time for a break  ." Candy calmly replied .

"You initially resist them and pull me away, even after baptism become another person ? "

" Earlier sleep ! I got home ,  see you next party  "

"You know I must know the truth  ."

Candy was  no longer responding.

In fact , Candy recently encountered many unpleasant things that might really need some spiritual sustenance and lean .

Since Tinchi left , Candy had already depressed  . Coupled with the company was rumored layoff , an economic burden fallen on her, house had not be redeemed yet and still had significant outstanding amount . In addition, her  brother just graduated, only could be a part time worker , income was instability, and he was not too homely . In case of really be cut , it definitely would be  a big problem .

Candy arrived home at 1:30am , her mother still sitting on sofa , strange yet asleep , eyes simply staring at the TV , more vaguely saw some tears in her eyes .

"Mom , what happened ? "

"You ask your father ."

Candy went into the bedroom , saw her  father exactly had the same look, half- leaning against the bed.

"What happened ? "

" Your dad cheating us  , dared to invest the future stocks but greatly lost, now face the possibility of bankruptcy, need to sell our  flats, you ask how much he lost ." Mom on the outside racket .

"Alas ! Someway to cut interest rates until end of the month , the market turned soared ,but I bought put  ! " Dad with a wry smile .

"My boyfriend  has warned that stock market is no different from casinos  , especially you play such future stocks , but but you did not bear in mind and  chose to participate such gambling  ?" Candy was irritated.

"Nonsense ,  your boyfriend not involve in stock market,but so what ? Only depends on his salary  ? How much? could he get rich? Could he marry you? Where is he now  ? he is qualified to teach me? Say these fucking matter ? "

" Oh no! ........." Candy vigorously closed the door .

While the other side of the door locked up at the same time  ,  her mother rushed to the street .

"Bang , bang ! " Dad kicked the walls with madness 

"Both of you treat me as a sinner , do you think I am really so greedy  ? I dont want to be honest and hard working  ? I spend a whole life to run a small grocery, but in the end?  renovate and increase rent frequently, then pushed me to a silent corner with rare visitors  ,and not allowed me to place goods out the door and , you know the shop space is not enough for placing goods .But the landlord only focus on profit maximization and have no compassion. The turnover for one day just around one hundred , how can I deal with this situation  ! "

Candy did not want to hear her  father 's roar, covered her ears.

"Tinchi, please call me , I am helpless  " unconscious humming .

The phone buzzed on the table .

" Candy,are you alright  ? " One seemed not so long ago entrenched in her eardrum with deep male voice .

"Yes ...... "

"Dont be afraid, I know you're just some inverse scene. Specially called you  ."

" Eternal God? ...... ......... dreams do not ? "

"You are baptised , and represents you have absolute  right to enjoy my alms. Don't be afraid,  one million enough ?Need more? " Eternal God, tone suddenly filled with magnetic , with a kind of  charm which people difficult to resist  , liked a mini black hole.

"I ......... I'll deal with and overcome, do not take the trouble to you, " Candy shy .

"I know you are very filial , work is also very conscientious and you just met a ridiculous boss unfortunately  , preferring to  promote a behavior among mediocrity ,  not promoted so hard as you have committed employees , which I will not allow this happen  , later he will be taught and have to pay for it  ! "

"Thank you, no need." she was some scruples.

"Well ! If you need help, just call me,I will stand by.Have a good rest ." His tone was as soft as affectionate phrase considerate husband .

" I'll take your attendants ," she again appeared psychedelic, behavior liked in the factory building .

"Good night. Think positive!"  Eternal God was more like a romantic lover, displaying a breathtaking magic !

Candy confused , but calmed down quickly , she suddenly opened the door ,  staring toward father and said:

"I will solve your debt ." Her voice was even as confident.

" Solve ? I have to repay almost eight hundred thousand  ." Dad thought she was scared silly.

" I have a way ,  call mother now , ask her to come back  ! "

Right, mother was an optimistic woman, she just went to street for relaxation , after calmed down . When she received the call from Candy , she asked them whether had to buy supper.

"Do not comfort us , my daughter. knowing you behaved, want to comfort us now ! I have many experiences of facing storms ! " Mom said to Candy with smiley face .

"Absolutely not comforting , wait and see ! We will overcome it, and will have better days soon ." She never had such confidence .

Both parents worried about her personality variation!

Back to her company , the atmosphere seemed quite solemn , everyone was worrying !

 Colleagues were called into the conference room , everyone was  more restless , and some even closed their eyes, hoping to escape the bad luck. Everyone left the room was expressionless or long face!

Candy always been timid anxiety, but now incredibly leisurely !

"Candy Chan come in " ultimate judge had finally arrived .

She stepped into the room ............ swagger

"Sit Sit down ! " General manager surprising respectful .

Candy sat without hesitation , performing a kind of dependent objects with sufficient confidence, indifference received a redundancy letter as being executed !

"Candy, you are not simple, can have the ability to find the eternal God backing ." Manager did not dared to look at her directly .

"My dear manager, dont pretend! Straight to the point please? " She was a little impatient.

"With eternal God to rely on, words are powerful ! Never seen you have this confidence,  before you are often shrinking ......... sorry, I say more " manager then suddenly swallowed back.

"You want to say I am coward  ! Mr.Huang , used to scold me before ,but  what's going on today? ......... Oh, because you want to fire me , conscience ? " She surprised herself courage remark .

You are misunderstanding, of course, is not to fire you ! You will be promoted as an assistant accountant next month , company also decided to add you thirty percent salary . Actually you are very competent, and hard work , plus there are the eternal God auxiliary you , you are our important asset, must not give up such a good talent as you.  I just want to inform you this matter only , together with the artificial promotion confirmation letter , if you're satisfied, please sign it ! " Mr. Huang was very polite .

She opened the letter, in addition to salary advancement mentioned , also adjusted annual holiday count to thirty days . Even more surprising was that she could get profit bonus !

She did not completely believe that, she gently pat her cheek, awakening to really not wrong .

"Please forgive me and forget all misunderstandings before  " He rarely apologized  .

Candy could not help laughing , she was acutely aware that this was done by the eternal God, really amazing  .

At this moment, she was no doubt on the Eternal God , determined to be a permanent  follower .

Eternal God then helped her father to settle all outstanding debt including home mortgage . Her career also began a meteoric rise, a few months later was promoted to accountant and chief decision maker for the entire accounting department.

Now her whole family and eternal religion were inseparable.

At the same time , the eternal religion had become an extremely large forces , while a number of followers around the world began their jihad.

In New York, Wall Street occupied by their believers , requiring all financial institutions to return all money to investors since they thought the money was stolen by these financial institutions, they used all means to cheat their client to invest money in very high risk products  ,but they did not tell their clients how high was the risk, just informed them the nature was similar to bonds only, obviously fraud, they also  protested hegemonic behavior of these institutions , Eternal religion  soon paralyzed the entire financial market.

Tokyo , London, Paris , demonstrations broke out at the same time , the local police deployed water cannons, pepper spray to drive away , but the believer had some unknown secret weapon for protection , police obviously incompetent force.

Candy dedicated to the religion wholly, sometimes forgot to eat dinner, and also own personal life!

Her friend Karen, compared with Candy herself, was more sober. She found that this religion launched a massive protest and bloodshed  movement. Continue to remain in the church , sooner or later will damage her own interests , and even life-threatening , so chose long fade . Yes, she thought that suddenly quit may cause unpredictable punishment, so she decided not attend their activities step by step ,  luckily she was not an active follower ,so the church  was no particular got the idea for her , for she left ignored.

However Candy was hypnotized, she began irrational and unconditionally dedicated all time to the religion. When she knew   Karen quit, she immediately broke off their relations and treated Karen as traitor!

This evening, the same in this industrial building , the focus of this evening 's meeting was the deployment of  jihad operations in Hong Kong . They decided to take action on Reunification Day holiday , taking advantage of the annual parade to launch an attack . But the action form was different from other cities  .

They intended to target the city 's richest man, Mr.Xu............

Eternal God, ready to elect two leaders, led Mujahideen operations.

"Who want  to be pioneer ............ that " voice hardly ever, people had been rushed to raise Scream .

"You really make me very impressed ...... "

"Eternal God , let me repay it ! Without you, I've been dead , pick me ......... "

"We want to fight to regain our wealth, pick me ! God............ " mass after another yell.

Eternal God could not control these believers completely brainwashed by him  .

"Please be quiet, Eternal God knows both of you are very loyalty , eager to have unconditional devotion , but since you are all brothers and sisters to serve the eternal God , that as these sacred mission better entrusted to him arrange ! " One spoke intonation highly active deterrent, with tall and handsome man took the podium ,  dared to snatch the microphone used by Eternal God , the darkness vaguely saw his  big eyes sparkle , shine .

All believers actually possessed, stopped, looked attentively the boy dared to interrupt the speech of God  .

Another girl also came to the stage .

She looked at the boy , bit her head , the guy understood her hint, then the microphone was given to her.

" Hello everyone , I have something to say ......... live instant applause, it seemed that female follower was popular affection.

"This is the first time in my life took the stage to speak, brothers and sisters who know me know that I used to be coward, I always protect myself ,keep myself in a safe environment, and refuse to take any adventure  . Not laughed at,  I stay at home in all times in case of tropical cyclone  , fear that I will encounter unexpected fallen trees and the like , but now I can have the courage to stand on the stage presentations, can boldly face many challenges , because of the God gives me strength , like many brothers and sisters , have to face a variety of life -term pressures, especially economic. Same as many Hong Kong people , I took the spare time and applied government loans for my degree,and finally took it  . " girl a pause , a sip of water .

"I was wishful thinking that will make the company took a degree views ,have then I could have opportunity for promotion and pay rise , but later found  I was wrong , maybe my previous character was restrained, did not like to attend after work socializing , drinking satiation drunk , but we understand that there will be some colleagues  echoed these activities , the price they paid a gastroenterologist to booze , the return is to get the boss's love and pay a substantial upward adjustment. If they are competent hardworking , I will accept and no complaints  , but these are just working loose, tattle the villain , but instead I was forced to be their subordinates , I think both of you have a lot of unfair things or encountered similar experiences , and I will not elaborate , but up to now , we have be saved . our god is leading us , and give us the strength to set things right , to re-establish a fair and just world , our only leader is the eternal god , let Him for our decisions, and choose a sage for Pioneer now !

"Well ...... good" and the audience booing loudly , intense clapped their hands.

"The two speaking very well , remember our purpose for  jihad ? Now say the slogan " Eternal God, without the use of microphones , noise had overshadowed them.

"Building a fair society , fair distribution of wealth , carry forward the peace and fraternity, chanting pass everlasting gospel ." All believers are brothers.

"In stage two brothers and sisters are very brave , let's this noble task entrusted to them  ! " Eternal God immediately made the final decision.

All believers cheered  ...............

They stared at each other on stage  , Sympathetic, nod and smile .

kept the audience cheer .

One of the Poets dance , and the atmosphere went to new heights . Men and women had started to embrace love, there were a few more steps on the toilet and made love .

The very gentleman on the stage called Jacky , and even an aura of shyness , simply dancing and chating with Candy , shared  their past and planed about the coming jihad.

Instead, wearing tight denim mini skirt Candy, facing him with very active and began gestures , Jacky gave sort of a bit overwhelmed.

"I have the feeling that you're very nice  ,  resonate , I trust and like you, I believe we will cooperate well, tomorrow have to fight tonight let's laissez-faire about it ! " Candy slept on his chest .

Jacky gently rejected her.

"Oh!No ! I am not pretty.You dislike me " Candy discontented.

"Not ............ but you should not ...... Although your boyfriend left  ." Jacky some knot .

" I want you.You make me hot !" Candy now behaved no different from her best friend Karen !

Jacky actually was a normal man . Although the age of  Candy though over 30, but still very delicate skin whitening , maintained as eighteen -year-old , along with sexy clothes , such a fondle , really could not control himself  !

Full of fresh music and crazy atmosphere, both of them became high, leap into the male toilets for sex  . Candy was very wild , exposed her desire for sex ! Absolutely could not believe she only gave a man before.

Where there were multiple pairs screamed wildly, crawling around , and some had become exhausted . Candy and Jacky done again and again , or more than entirely !

Wild time  particularly short , and soon entered new morning ......

July-one Victoria Park soccer pitch , a number of teams  ready to go , ready to carry out their dreams and aspirations of the concept . Temperature over 30 degrees , almost everyone was sweating. But they still kept on and no impact to their team spirit !

The media focused on an emerging force. Although there were still two hours left from the departure time, but surprisingly there were over a million followers sit in the stadium , waiting for the launch of their jihad !

Jacky and Candy picked up the flag that the eternal god printed on, shouted hoarse and invited  others to join their army  .

Some reporters approached for interview, they invariably lived in front of the camera shouting  such as Long live the Eternal God , refund our wealth and other similar slogans .

 In a very distant outer space, Tinchi watching live broadcasting, could not believe his eyes , that girl accompanied his past years , now went to the streets  , raised the name of the eternal religion banner , walked the forefront of society .

Her dressing style was already a different person. Sexy short mini skirt. And eloquent, eloquent , hard-edged .

Memory, she always just short haircut , skirts must be longer than the knee . With him for many years before they agreed to gingerly put the first dedication, she still had to wear clothes !

Of course, her own love was pure and unconditional dedication !

These days, introduced by the three messengers , Tinchi had a lot more understanding about the planet . In addition to the original centralized system to monitor each individual , he could also prevent crimes from happening. As an example, if someone picked up the knife and wanted to kill or hurt another person, his brainwave mind would automatically spread to the Central system . The System , after that, would immediately send a special electrical current,  then the current would freeze him. This meant he could not move his body  , law enforcement officers would come with time and arrest him, then immediately put him in jail sentence  ! 

Tinchi realized why the girl said he would be  impossible to hurt her.

Although people 's living and career was absolutely arranged by the system , but the main principle was based on the person's strengths and interests , the system would arrange those who had similar interests and personalities ,  living together  in the same community , the system would automatically calculate the equilibrium demand and supply before allocation.

Central system intended to introduce the Earth's culture , to their own people for entertainment . And one of the projects including  the Earth's popular culture such as music and movies, which needed to recruit Earth's " foreign workers " for training their citizen . As the system appreciated Tinchi s singing technique and his personality. so he wanted him to take this role .As a result,Tinchi was transferredto the outer space!

The angel promised to give him more time for in-depth understanding and consideration, and let him think about he could adapt to live here . If Tinchi rejected the offer  , then , the spacecraft would freely carry him back to the Earth .

But Tinchi was very satisfied with the way of life here ,and eager to stay for the future . He thought that, relative to the earth , citizens in here could really find the career which easily to meet their own interests and expertise work , salary arrangement was also more reasonable and fair , his initial impression to this planet was quite impressive .

However, the TV screens, again gave him endless memories and pain. Especially to see his former love, somehow, linked to a very mysterious and powerful organization abnormalities . Tinchi thought there might be consequences of his own making , If not his gone and at least she could still have a  spiritual sustenance , could still be an innocent but cheer girl . His usual remorse sick again attacked.

He wanted to return to Earth immediately and found her, and took her away from this heresy.

TV screen appeared again Candy looks.

" Twice failed to learn from the financial crisis , we still condone greed, conniving financial institutions, large chain becomes unreasonable huge devour our hard earned wealth a little bit and we go in the name of God, eternal Bong order out of chaos , to re-establish a fair and just society . " she responded to questions from reporters.

Tinchi worried about the situation and urged to pick her arrival this planet , however, the system seemed to reject his ideas and no response !

The over-crowded Victoria Park  , thousands of believers began to sing and dance !

They kept shouting slogans and collective chanting, very neat .

"It is time starting up , Fight" Jacky extremely rich, stopped their excitement .

They mighty departure ............

Eternal team just journeyed shortly, encounter a group of Christians blocked.

"Get out  ! You are Satan, cult, evil ! " A suspected leader of the post-90s girl, picked up the speaker cried .

With what reason you say that we are a cult ? "  a male Eternal believer retorted .

"We don't know where you get a robot glowing statue knowing speech to confuse people, say what kind of nonsense regain wealth, and said not a cult ? " A short girl less than five feet, but spoke full of energy .

Male followers obviously running out of patience, silent on clenched fist toward the girl , but fortunately Jacky agile , stopped him .

Calm down !" Candy intented to ease each other's emotions, to avoid a more serious conflict.

She also indicated a slight change in the direction of the parade marching .

What ? Indefensible ? Scare? Girl continued provocation.

Candy came back and picked up speaker.

"We are not afraid of you , we have no means cult . Just do not want any conflict , because our mission is the world order out of chaos , need to correct human error ."

"Error ? Ye judge by you ? What qualifications do you have? Trial is handled by Almighty God ,  Satan , get out ."

" Has your so-called god appeared on your sight  ? You see? Our Eternal God , verily appeared in front of us , as well as his concern practically lead every one of us to overcome our problems  , but your God created human beings and only push the responsibility of so-called sin to all human beings  , he also ignore and disregard  full of holes in the world , so much injustice  , extreme poverty gap , no intention to fix improvements. Since it is He created human beings, He should have full responsibility to improve this world! If we are sinful,  because a lot of us have to earn living, to cater for the reality , is forced to do something we don't want to do. little girl  , maybe you are only student , no experience to  see the reality of the world ............ "Jacky pulling her hand and motioned her to stop immediately.

In fact, these words really touched the mind of many Christians . They kept shouting devil, Satan . Also began besieged Eternal believers , and eternal Hindus called them back to be outdone , the two sides into deadly antagonists , mutual confrontation.

"What is going on ?  Come forward ." One police officer was feeding , cooling arrogance of both sides to avoid heating up the situation .

Both sides of the dispute temporarily subsided. Respective journeyed forward again .

Managed to squeeze in Yee Wo Street, the teams faced obstacle again.

"You want to disrupt Hong Kong  ! Recapture what wealth, what fight jihad , want to rebel ! " One seemed in his seventies but spirited old man , blocking their movement .

"The older generation, too many people , you stand here is very dangerous, give people walked on, quickly return to the pavement ! " Jacky actively opened mouth to speak .

"Nothing worth of scarring.  Japanese used machine gun to shoot me but still alive. Hong Kong gives you everything. What you still struggle? hold revolution? No way ! " The old man seemed quite upset .

"The older generation , you misunderstand our aims ! We are not going to rebel , and no any political purpose , we just Bong our Gods  to save Hong Kong and the whole world  ."

Jacky suddenly kneeling on the ground ............

Old man stepped back immediately!

"Uncle , do you remember the past life in Hong Kong ? "

" Young boy ,  I opened garment factory while  you were still not in the world, dare to ask me? " The old man said with a little rude .

"Actually, I want to say I appreciate your down to earth that era . Uncle , have you buy any stock?,have you try to invest property or foreign currency ? "

" Bah ! These things, gambling only , now people forget hard work, which was really the spirit and successful factor of Hong Kong, become lazy and only focus on stock market, it is absurd, financial market is cheating everyone, swallows all of their wealth without any sympathy. The broker tricks you to buy many many fucking rubbish stock, treats you as a fool! I only spent limited money to buy some HSBC seven years ago for long term investment  , I got the certificate of shares and only put it in a safe. I run business  , don't want to lose this hard-earned money! Don't you know running a factory was very hard, tired and exhausted ! I had no any holiday, slept four hours per night average ,I had to bear all expenditures in my family, it was too high risk for me to participate these gambling , fortunately my children also agreed and followed my principles  , liked hard working, one became a barrister after graduation, another is a famous consultant doctor now. They are filial piety, always give me some pocket money  . " Old man talking about his children , became friendly . Compared with People relative to those years and now , is really much simpler and honest  .

"I always taught my children to be practical, not to touch the stock exchange, which is simply a group of crooks in the casino. today some so-called analysts say that because of the economic crisis, the stock index would crashed down. However, over two or three days , they would completely overthrow their analysis , they think they can earn money from share price fluctuations , bargain hunting , I won't let my hard-earned money absorbed by these cheaters , We could still be rich through hard work in our years  , let's tell you that I was the most beautiful in the early eighties , when I asked the workers to work overtime almost every evening , too many orders not be able to cope. after a few years I could buy a house without mortgage. I then bought another one for rental income. My best friend opened a grocery store in a new town  , always complained about no time to eat even go to the bathroom due to rapid growth of business, he frequently urged the supplier for replenishment. this old guy soon got rich , much faster than me! . those years , we had many many ways, we could open garment factory , electronics factory, getting high education could easily be a doctor or lawyer  , and had satisfied income. Those who had less educated could also choose to be a cooker, plastic mold master, metal mold makeretc. "

" We have same idea. This is our mission " Jacky broke the old man s endless speech!

He told the old man the philosophy and mission of the religion . His words made the old man kept nodding earnestly . Later tried to convince him to join the eternal religion, but he said he had appointment with his grandson . Jacky did not force him , looked at him helplessly and only watched him slowly disappeared.

"You are great! " Candy could not help but appreciate him, and could not help the body to endure to Jacky, so he was forced to put the body rightist.

"Do not be so strange , last night we ......... you're fresh.I was filled  !" Candy sweet smile , but Jacky seemed a bit embarrassed .

"In fact, be sincere, said from my bottomheart ." Jacky random digression .

" I have listened carefully to your words , I think of my ex-boyfriend  , your idea is really very similar to him. He thought the disadvantages of  excessive financialization of Hong Kong. He also quite dissatisfied with Hong Kong people, felt that this would have been hard -working spirit peculiar to while away , long-term future will lose competitiveness, economic , and political will by the mainland full control . "

"He was right !" Jacky tone suddenly weak , carried away .

Candy sense to him a little jealousy, it seemed that he also liked her . Heart full of sweet, active held his arm ,this time Jacky did not resist.

Parade border row singing along came unexpectedly enthusiastic applause.

They continued to discuss the subsequent deployment , when they reached Causeway bay . Jacky suddenly stopped , then took several male devotees turned toward the racecourse .

Candy realized, kept going to lead the rest to Central district  ............

Candys parade walked along Hennessy Road , toward Central slowly , there were a lot of people joining the team, including many elderly people , or a size , the common point was mainly from the grassroots . Some were living in cubicles, or unemployed , eager to be helped.

They walked through Queensway , finally came to Edinburgh Place . Candy handed up , motioning believers to stop .

"Now we stop, stationed here , it was said to occupy Central , we had been a vanguard of it."

Occupy Central touched believers nerve . They started to talk about it , because they did not intend to fight for universal suffrage .

"Calm down yourself , now is a part of our strategy of jihad ." Candy tried to comfort believers .

"The  love of Eternal God for each one faithful , if you have felt embarrassed , and now you can exit, God promise to forgive you and will not blame your decision  ." Her speech seemed to succeed , the scene became silent .

Some people clapped their hands in response , along with other people and beat up .

She also declared a hunger strike for twenty-four hours .

Start erected tents, not long after , a team of police surrounded the square storm troopers .

"You have not applied any permit  , so it's illegal for your action. Please evacuate Square ." Seemingly executive officer used loudspeaker to require the believers to leave politely .

But they did not respond,  continued their unfinished work . Believers who completed the work started to circle around together with ten people, then sat down on the ground . Some also took up guitar and began to sing .

Police lobbying again, but no avail.

Other parade saw  the eternals act , entrenched in the vicinity of the old Legislative Council Building .

Collected and the growing number of mixed different demands , some fought for universal suffrage , requested some senior officials to step down , many of them had similar concept to eternal religion , requiring the Government to address the disadvantaged , down financial hegemony . They simply joined the camp of the eternal religion , in order to strengthen the momentum .

Officer warned and urged them to leave  but still no reaction , only facing intercom , requiring reinforcements.

But the number of people raised geometrically , perhaps hidden reality of discontent within the heart really oppressed for too long , some demonstrators started some irrational , constantly using foul language and intent of violence .

A policeman suddenly fell to the ground, seemed very painful . Other colleagues immediately shout stopped and put their hands on baton bag, pulled out batons intent .

Another policeman was kicked , other officers immediately surrounded a middle-aged , one come up with a baton, There was also a hand-held transmitter similar to pepper spray .

The middle-aged seemed unafraid , shouting police beatings .

Television cameras photographed the scene .

Many people watched via phone or tablet , when they saw the police surrounding the middle-aged man . Online discussion forums , message boards newspaper pages were being washed. Remarks almost exclusively to condemn the police , a lot more cries of solidarity .

As the situation began to deteriorate, and the requirements of some officials , the police decided to deploy additional police from other districts to Central district for support, while, the majority of Hong Kong Island police were concentrated in Central .

At the same time , Jacky, together with some believers, nearly arrived Repulse Bay

It began to rain in Southern district , mingled with intense thunder and high winds .

Jacky s team just arrived Repulse Bay Beach. They all body with backpack , with a consistent look.

In fact, all eternal believers , including Jacky and Candy, all had the same look. Coincidentally, this look a bit dull , very like the legendary so-called ghost -like appearance  .

The so-called bystander , whether one thousand light-years away like Tinchi , or just over ten kilometers away Candys parents and brother , had seen loved ones strange look.

Meanwhile , Tinchi received brain waves from Central system which informed him the story behind the eternal religion , and also warned him it was not an appropriate time and dangerous to return to Earth ,  the planet weas not going to send vessels to pick up .

He could only stare at the screen every minute, and hoped Candy could alert.

At the same time,Candys parents also concentrated on TV, kept at home, to and fro , irritability, and tried to call her , but still no one answered. Her brother, send a message to her in what's app, but also did not palindrome.

They found that after she believed in the Eternal religion , her  personality changed rapidly . Now saw her standing in the forefront. Both   deeply worried about her .

" If I did not lose money , everything would remain alright, and would not involve in such mysterious sect , but now we really got bills , all of a sudden we cannot pay back the money to them. Alas ! , You see , makeup, short skirt piece to the incredible, she becomes stranger . "

"Dad, it's useless to say it , look, her eyes lose focus, obviously been taken by the soul of eternal God  ! "  .

"Do not talk nonsense , sister support for your academic  , but you often contradict her, you naturally point of it ! " Mom angry .

" I have said many times I have no interest in accounting , I want to study drama, but both of  you said it wasted time. Accounting was stable and easy to find a job, forcing me to obey you, totally ignored my feelings and interest , I know you two eccentric thing ! sister just went marching but you are so nervous, afraid she will give up her job and cannot make money for you to enjoy, isnt  it ?"

" Pam, Pam ...... " Daddy gave a slap in his  face .

"Popping" unexpected brother dared to fight back, two men shuffled in the living room  .

"Stop it , whether neuropathy ... " Mom tried to stop , but was pushed against the ground.

" Ming ............ "  she could do , just cry !

Father and son were exhausted , automatically stop fighting .

Little brother  wiped his bloodstained face , but the sentiment was still very excited. He suddenly stood up , the screen of flat-panel TV still stayed in the scene of Edinburgh Place, but he punched and shattered the screen , and then sweetened the surrounding objects , and went straight to open the door and rushed out , the ground was left down the red trail , so shocking.

Two old sat silently and hugged on the ground ............

They came to a multiple security guards guarding and huge white house .

This was one of luxury houses of the richest man in Hong Kong, Mr. Xu, overlooking the entire Bay , and a black Rolls-Royce was parked in front of the main door, sitting a dark-skinned drivers.

Several Eternal believers hiding in the jungle hut .

"According to my investigation , Xu should go out after about 15 minutes , we start with a good time ." A bearded face guy, confidently told Jacky.

 He took out a small blue instrument from backpack, then clicked a button on the back .

" CCTV has failed in the vicinity ! " It was interfering CCTV equipment.

They paid attention to look around, waiting for an opportunity to start .

It took about twenty minutes , Xu turned slowly stepped out of house , was accompanied by two wearing black suit with well -built body  , a great possibility to be his close bodyguard.

Jacky himself also well prepared   , the bearded face guy was actually a black belt karate expert ,  opening a famous apprentices . The other two were also proficient in Muay Thai and Taekwondo, in addition of  Eternal God gave them some special weapons. In theory there should be some certainty, to fulfill what they called orchestrated tasks.

They intended to rush forward, knocked out the  two bodyguards ,then used a  previously scheduled MPV car,  abducted Xu immediately  .

This was actually their strategy  , Candy deliberately occupied Central to create disturbances , so that the majority of Hong Kong Island police deployed police force to deal with the event . In fact , after extensive media coverage of the so-called police beating incident, people had continued influx of solidarity with all sides , of which there were more radical , more clashes with the police . There throwing water bottles , there 's stoning , forced the police exhausted , dispatched cavalry block , also used pepper spray , batons situation under control .

Sit-in hunger strike. Candy, called the believers to continue to sing and dance , and as much emotional high as that time in factory building ,  some men and women believers muddle the lens , and the police was grappling with the external chaos , no time to take into account .

Coming back to Repulse Bay , Jacky also prepared a bunch of action ........

The karate guy took the lead .

" Bang!...... " He specialized in hand knife raid in a relatively short neck man , he immediately fell to the ground unconscious .

Another strong and taller noted his attack , immediately kicked a cyclone leg for revenge , but was extremely agile karate guys skill to avoid .

He took the time that bodyguards landed, still not kept balance yet,  inserted heavy punch hammer ,  and then made up a hand leash homeopathic neck , and that guard immediately felt to the ground .

Distant believers erected finger praise.

Surprisingly,  Xus face did not show any panic , only raised his clothes slowly , mouth still slightly pry .

"Brother,  how much money you need ? Every day many many people want to kidnap me, but they do not like you martial artists .Don't worry , I will not call police  ." Xu was indeed an unusual  , spoke with relaxing but powerful , mouth still vaguely a little smile .

The karate was surprised and had little nervous, looked round about anyone would ambush .

Jacky , who also stepped out to prevent any fraud and could give immediate support .

Xu lit a cigar.

"Xu, we do not come to ask for money, just want to take you to a place ."

Xu burst out laughing .

"What is going on? Take me to a place? Don't cheat me! You are too naive! too ignorant! Boy, you should be honest , kidnap me , you move a bit I know what you do. My people weird, Don't  stir so many unnecessary things I would very readily , otherwise you'll never get a penny ." He subjectively thought that they only wanted to ask for money, started up bluntly .

" We really don't want it , we have unlimited supply from our  God. Eternal God is our backup ." Jacky tried to explain .

"What the fuck! , what is your God? Bullshit ! Give you money? Believing an unknown religion and do such idiotic things , you are so stupid and idiot ! Dogs are clever than you! Ha ha ."

Believers were in fire . Jacky indicated them to be calm.

"We just want to take you to participate in a role-play game  , feel how hard the poverty lives are. I guarantee you will not be hurt in case you are willing to cooperate , or take your dime money. We actually appreciate your achievement  , but after you got rich , you did not take the initiative to contribute to the community, also continue to encourage speculation , stir something strange gimmick to attract speculators . your real estate built in the vicinity of the landfill , but your promotion and advertising not to mention the real environment  , lying to say full of gardens, clean air and no pollution . Also, the building material is inferior and poor quality, walls in case of heavy rain will leak up . and your supermarket chains often sell expired food , arrears supply supplier payment, receive slotting fees , and babbling best price in the city , but actually much expensive than small shops, most shopping malls are your estate sites ,but only allow your kingdoms located, all small shops disappeared . "Jacky discontented .

"You just hate the rich, right? this is free market economy, everybody has the same opportunity to get rich,I think you are stupid and lazy ,waste time to do such meaningless thing,so only get poor and have no money, right?...... "

" What did you say ............ " karate guy wanted to punch him , Jacky immediately blocked.

A MPV was gallop , loud engine sound .

Each of these guys swing fighting shape .

Believers had been psychologically prepared , immediately transferred positions around all sides protected Jacky.

"I said it was unnecessarily to pretend, and they all had been soldier, both of you soon cry for help, you are too overconfident . Ha ha ha, your god save you, ha ha ha ...... "

Those guys started their attacks, and their footwork was very flexible, and all of a sudden they had inroads within three feet, shot quickly as lightning.

Karate guy actively attacked, instead of defensive, with fast legs shot at one guys penis!

In theory this was a cause for serious pain zone , you may imagine how strong performance of a master black belt in karate !

But he did not take any sweetness, he apparently kicked a big hard rock , kind of hard to imagine the pain traveled the entire foot , wow resounding bang !

The same time the man's black shadow had been posted , he only vaguely saw something similar to hanging leg hanging over his head , followed by a burst of intense headache and then vomiting accompanied by uncontrollable , gradually lost consciousness.

Meanwhile, the believer knowing Muay Thai used his flying knee , wrecking a relatively thin .

But at the same encounter supported, he immediately hit with a low sweep that left side of the shank bit . Unfortunately he  kicked a abnormal hard Steel .

He immediately reluctantly back to escape, but another taller guy threw him down to the ground , and then locking the limbs were obviously subject to similar Brazilian Jiu Jitsu martial arts.

MMA events like those as he was unable to move under the non -stop fast punch  by the other side , an instant had felt cheeks wet , he could only close his eyes to avoid directly injury, but it was only wishful thinking !

Seeing these people strength, taekwondo believer  , pulling Jacky retreat , they jumped waves rolling down a hill , temporarily out of danger.

Storm rain began as large beans,as surrounded by waterfall , the rain was like being big Niagara Falls, deafening !

Sky suddenly became livid , ghastly exception !

A purple humanoid object flied from far and near , vaguely saw the back of the purple smoke emitted .

Red laser shot from his body , hit that several prevailed thugs the same time, they immediately freezed  .

A set of golden aura same time tightened Xus neck, and now he was just as tight as the Monkey King grabbed, only staring !

A Blu-ray hit the two injured and coma karate and Muay Thai guy, then they woke up and stood up  as miracle.

A golden light wall surrounded them , prevented them from violent rain havoc .

Jacky and taekwondo kid climbed back , then knee . Of course, they were respectful of their salvation Eternal God !

Coincidentally,  the car which prepared for the mission arrived.

 Xu was caught and put into the car, but before that a few made them extremely awkward guy , naturally took them some good greeting , vent heart hate.

Meanwhile , the situation of  Central got worse  , began to have more severe physical conflict ............

Going back to Edinburgh Place  .

Picking up handful of riot tear gas launchers, directed meditation on the square singing and dancing the faithful Eternal . In the vicinity of Pacific Place, Queensway , some radical protesters began throwing to other riot water bottle , but was blocked by the shield  . And urging protesters to counterattack, and some lost their balance, others saw another booing , shouting police beatings , or certain officials to step down.

Gradually lost control of the situation.

For some reason, the scene suddenly heard about gunshots. After chilling screams and saw a girl lying on the ground , at the amount of blood ejected start from scratch .

Some people immediately took her to the pavement, unfortunately she kept twitching, and blood pouring floor, was very critical.

Many people facing riot police, shouted someone was shot  , requiring rescue . Maybe the environment was too noisy, or misunderstanding demonstrators trick , even deaf and did not respond , but struck with batons , two demonstrators were immediately beaten.

Girl lying on the ground twitching stopped after a few minutes, motionless, obviously dead.

Some demonstrators cried together , some extreme indignation , the Pacific Place underground store windows smashed and riot police fired tear gas repression.

Demonstrators insisted girl was shot and killed by police , became irrational , attacked a number of uniformed police officers whom did not carry any riot device , the situation got out of hand !

Full of news media coverage, many Hong Kong people were very emotional and discontented, took to the streets to protest, requested the police accountable . Police hastily convened reporters conference,  clarified the reason for the girl shot was not by police force   , and promised to conduct a thorough investigation immediately and find out the perpetrators .

Perhaps the Government over the years failed to fulfill citizens request and needs   , officials only  concerned about their own  benefits , more and more corruption, hoard from fat . Failed to fulfill the governments commitment to the public . Most people did not trust police said. The Chief Superintendent of police force hinted there may be a certain organization planning the attack , the result being washed online forum sided version ,  denounced the police asserted, buck.

A lot of people took to the streets , and the Government was forced to announce celebrate fireworks night canceled. The Chief Executive had publicly appealed for calm, but internet users just asked him to resign.

Originally peaceful Eternal believers, heard the news of girl killed , began angry . Candy asked the police for the reason with tears  .

But police said they would investigate ,  insisting that the believers must leave the square  within two hours .

"We are rational and non-violent, why do this to us ? You want to become another Tiananmen  ?" Candy shelling .

"Tomorrow is the day for working , you know Central is Hong Kong's CBD  , paralyzed Central will bring much economic loss , you bear the responsibility to do this ? ? Can you compensate the loss? " The sergeant rebuked as a Secretary General .

"Loss ? Central is no difference from casino, financial market is no different from blackjack how much could civilians share ? Do you know how many people suffer from your governments over development of the financial sector? Do you know many many people have got complacent and lazy? Refuse to work hard and only focus themselves on stock market  , no one willing to run business. if everyone thinks this way, you say what would become of Hong Kong ? When there is no one to stir business venture , there is no one to be the taxi drivers to carry you ? To the restaurant there is no one serves you ? Don't you know ?  finance, real estate led many people to get debt, bankruptcy in ending. The former Chief Executive of Hong Kong said that only use financial sector to support seven million peoples living, same as killing Hong Kong ............... "Candy righteous .

A teenage believer suddenly interrupted her words.

"No ...... sorry ............ ......... that was shot is my sister  ...... "

Candy instant furious ...............

Same time , a group name : "Love Hong Kong anti-cult alliance" slogan  , even by the police as a pioneer and easily came to the Eternal occupied positions . First glance thought it was the arrival of plainclothes officers CID support !

"Get out  , leave Hong Kong,  you never succeed , we will exhaust all means to stop you ." A slightly fat , middle-aged woman shouting out loudly .

Whole body was drenched in rain , angry surrounding Candy, body began to shake , and sneezed constantly, believers  hastily donned jacket for her .

"The police killed our sister , I dont know the backstage . We have believer killed, but all of you ignore the truth. Under the leadership of  our Eternal God , we are doing many good thing to help people and now a lot of people worldwide are believing us  ......... cough "Candy little standing firm , and the other members immediately took folding chairs and let her sit down , gave her some water to drink .

Many inclusions vulgar scene outgoing , verbal abuse and catcalls sound, some belong to the organization rushed into the Eternal position, wanted to take action .

But strange things that the police officer,  indicated the subordinates to keep in observing only, and no need to control the scene. Two police intended to enter, but blocked.

Two parties began to attack each other, many reporters caught coming interview, but instead by the police blocked. There had even been a newspaper reporter stumbles photographic equipment , some tear down to the ground.

Several congregations protected Candy, brought her into the City Hall for escape.

Some believers had chaotic scenes photographed , uploaded to their website. These scenarios quickly spread around the globe eyes.

Global believers into more radical action , especially in some third world countries.

Incidentally, in recent months, continue to spread some news online . Said Somehow, these countries began to refuse Red Cross , World Vision and other humanitarian organizations usual aid, and returned all donations which originally for poor children . Internet users were invariably huge speculation mysterious organization supporting them , but there may be more important behind the conspiracy !

A reporter had in-depth thorough investigation found that some poor people , suddenly became rich  , everyone used new version IPhone, some also drove Mercedes . When they saw the foreigners , turned out to be angry  , complained about  developed countries enjoyed selfish luxury , ignored their situation. And also said would retaliate and so on. A reporter also been injured.

Of course, they still had a little harvest . Success as a reporter undercover, joined their organization successfully, finally found that this was a so-called  true pagan mystery religions  . Quite similar as Eternal , all ha apparition once in front of them, they also provided a lot of economic material assistance . The difference was that they were far more radical in techniques and concepts, compared with the Eternal. They kept the believers watch some developed countries fragments of life , then inserted the concept into these uneducated. They indicated them the Western civilization plundering the resources of the earth , causing them to be subject to natural disasters such as famine, civil war, torture , making a simple believer mentality of hatred . Then forcing them to undergo military training , to provide weapons of mass destruction . Threatened to kill all of the people living in these developed countries  , building a new world.

Naturally, this was the reason they hated foreigners .

But they failed to detect this new religion whether had connection to the Eternal religion  , until ...............

A team of off-road vehicles flying in a very hot summer afternoon , across the vast expanse of the Sahara Desert , the wheels rolled up billowing dust bowl .

They travelled along with GPS positioning system for the lead, also for the uninterrupted recording, as this adventure memory.

They reached a mausoleum near the middle of the desert dunes area, the weather suddenly deteriorated sharply , whipped up a sandstorm  .

Originally was a desert common phenomenon, indeed, no fuss, plus they were experts of adventurers, with sophisticated equipment. This sand easily to cope.

However , the sky somehow became unusually dark green . And several unknown luminous objects , and more from far to near , but also a dazzling light, attracted the attention of explorers .

The leader of this expedition American called Jackson , the other there was a Japanese, two German , one Dutch . United Nations organized a small expedition.

Jackson 's wife was also a member of the expedition, herself also was a UFO lover. She saw this strange phenomenon , immediately infer some kind of UFO. Request team to stop in excitement, so that could have a big close-up shot of some.

These were exciting adventurous loving fellow travelers, totally agreed with her recommendation ,  then came up with their own  equipment , set tripod in good position , lens configured , ready to shoot outer space species .

These things seemed to glow like specially to accommodate them ,  landed at about one hundred meters in front of the team  . Meanwhile sand stopped, those who had long-shot lens began to press the shutter crazily .

They could clearly see these guys look like, was very similar to the statue of the temple, totally eight joined together . And they fell to the ground, a purple , similar to laser light , tightened their body together.

Then became very quiet, desert sandstorm also ended. Statues began conversation. Expedition could clearly hear their voice and saw their look .

The Dutch was a linguist, when he heard them talk, instant said with small voice  :

"In my knowledge , ensure that on Earth there have been no such language dialect , I never heard of such a grotesque language ! "

Both were shocked  , but also equally very excited.

This was very likely to encounter ET .

These statues found their shooting , not only without any resistance response , but also intentionally or unintentionally , turned facing to them  , let them shoot satiety .

After ten minutes later, their "conference" was over. A statue even waved to them , then talked to the team in English :

"We are the Eternal God, will save all of you ."

Having these words , these " gods" hidden in the desert .

Between the players heart suddenly produced an unprecedented feeling of awe, but also together with the five -body cast.

"Ah ! Here even have a cell phone signal ," exclaimed Mrs. Jackson .

In the center of the world's largest desert , communications are dependent on satellite phone, but the phone signal suddenly restored , and the display was itself national telephone sets , which meant no need to use the local telecommunications provider of roaming services , it was a bit incredible.

Other players also found the same situation.

Jackson attempted to try the Internet by using mobile phone,  also well connected in 4G , very fast.

They saw the chance, simply uploaded just seen photographed to Facebook, Twitter and other sites , the process more smoothly than usual , cis -pass unimpeded .

The news quickly spread throughout the Internet world . Soon after, the world had many places appeared with these statues . They also established a religion.

And they had endless supply of wealth, kept to rescue vulnerable people around , all believers as like a hypnotic , for those who believed in the doctrine , and obedience was assigned to play a so-called jihad.

Those expedition was also no exception.

Captain Jackson was actually a senior officer in U.S army.  . After returning to USA ,began evangelistic witness, kept up to promote his seen True God, and spent all time and took huge effort for spreading this new religion , through his efforts, coupled with the doctrine of the general public due to extensive resonance , and soon the church had great size .

In addition, he received a mission from Eternal God, and began an extremely dangerous task, concerning to global safety ........................

Lights on 1 July , torrential rains had ended , but the resentment was boiling , whole Central was filled with people. Looking down from the sky , piecemeal smoke  Queen 's Road Central , Connaught Road Central with a little bit of masking , but also saw vaguely Cong dyed black .

There was a red fire flashed  , mingled with the crowd of angry roar . Pearl of the Orient dimmed!  Why was just a small point spark, could finally start a prairie fire ? Especially on such peaceful and rational famous as Hong Kong .

Those in power since ancient times , how many can fathom the reasons behind it ? There will be a few more hearts of the people who have the world know the truth ? Allowable error repeated without interruption, it is human ignorance; could we be crowned the soul of the universe?

On the other side  , Hong Kong's richest man, Xu , could not imagine himself living in a less than thirty feet cubicles  . The greatest irony was that one of his supermarket kingdom located on the ground floor tenement building in Sham Shui Po, where clarified as the lowest average income district in Hong Kong   .

This small house was estimated that at least 40 degrees Celsius ,  made the guy who always served by air-conditioning, felt like living in the hell!

He had sweat, but he could not take off his clothes for his body cooler!

He kept muttering, shouting expletives. He wanted to kick the thin rotten hollow doors , but now he could not move since being grabbed .  Only activity he could do was just mouth vent.

Faint light shined into this dark and somewhat smelly little space, he turned his eyes, suddenly became strange , like seeing ghosts or stuff.

The wood-paneled walls covered with a large group of black insects, these little niggas ran very fast, there were a dozen of them suddenly stopped , as if pegged Xu  .

These insects also ran his body and turned to climb, then stopped on his skin and acted as mosquito -like, began to insert its tube into blood vessels, wanton suck !

Although he could not move  , the feel was still functioning as usual .

Itchy and tender feeling, which made Xu trembling.

For him, this was an unprecedented humiliation . Cried from his heart , if he could be saved  , he would immediately take revenge!!

Door suddenly opened , also issued a strange buzzing roar !

One wearing a white vest worn underwear, dark green shorts, a bottle of beer in his hand thin man  , mercilessly pegged Xu .

His gait was very unstable , and the thick smell of alcohol coming from him revealed .

Xu was grabbed on the collar , in addition he slapped into his face.

" What are you doing , what the fuck!!" facing such mad but short man  , Xu wanted to punch him down, but now he was hit , could only fight back with a tongue ,  heart full of embarrassment .

"I know you , fucking Xu , the richest man in net worth billions ! Haha , your money is blowing from those of us poor , you ruthless , now your result  ." the guy spitted .

" Fuck off !I will kill you " Xu roar .

Kill me , well, I cannot live in dignity , have no money to pay rent  . This fucking rubbish rotten house worth four thousand

Drunk and single-handedly grabbed Xu 's hair.

"I want to become self-reliant , do not want to rely on the government to take the CSSA and I was downstairs selling nail clippers , the Hygiene department every day  sweep , I cannot run faster , goods are confiscated . Neighborhood for my worth, called them a few words , the staff began to do many things against them , and tell them the goods obstruction ......... "

"That's what my business ? You may complain them , stir them up , how to bring it out on me ." Xu shouted .

"Below supermarket, not your kingdom  ? They are your pug. Afraid of my things cheaper than your store  ! , I haven't got to school , want to depend on me  , not to sell heroin , not any soiled place even little way out also not allowed  . Okay, now someone concocted you , but now I am impatience , and now is my show time! "

He lifted the bottle , ready to blow Xu  's head ............

Drunkard was knocked to the ground, broken glass also crashed .

The karate guy punched him down in time .

Guy and Xu looked at each other for more than ten seconds  , the two sides had felt the confrontation between two different worlds .

"You want me to die? Or play what tricks ? " Xu constantly suspicious of his rescue.

"You are such rich people who like to think people of bad motive  , or you stare every morning and find ways to avoid  harm , so with this natural instinct ? Really hard for you, money really does not equal to happiness.

"Dont speak nonsense, you catch me to here is obviously a conspiracy, and now I cannot move. You want to abuse me, deliberately put these small insects suck my blood, till I dyed in  AIDS , I swear I will take revenge and give you utter confusion , you will pay for it ! "

"Pa" Karate guy gave him a slap  .

"Eternal God is looking at you , you think you could escape ? He will judge you. Moreover, these small insects, you really don't know what ? Not just you, the resident living in here, gave these insects raging per night , but could they move ? Not yet allocated to public housing and have no money, some of which had chronically ill , cannot work , have the ability to choose ? you don't know how much you take this house rent ? Full three thousand ! do you think this is suitable for people live ? Well, let you try a month life of the poor, you are right, we are really a conspiracy, we serve Eternal God to redeem you . "

" Bah ! , What is God ! " Xu still arrogant .

Karate guy 's cell phone rings .

"Hey, hey ..................... ! Shit! .................. Central Police Station, right ? I come now ." His face became solemn.

"Xu  , I am looking for someone to get some dinner for you.Don't worry, you will not be thin , you'll remember this meal ." He finished in a hurry to go out .

Xu thought maybe his subordinates doing something  !

Also followed his cell phone rang , his heart suddenly sank.

"  U.S. does not raise interest rates ? How about the market  ? Those bastard trapped me here, I must do something to punish both of you, make you bankrupt ......... " His heart kept muttering .

Fragrant smelling head , Xu  's stomach immediately sounded involuntarily .

A thin, dressed in traditional costume shirt black trousers gray old woman , holding a dish , a limped got Xu  place, slowly put it on just given psyllid occupy small wooden desk.

It was a croaker , a few cabbage on top earners .

"I know you cannot move, then let me feed you now ! "

Xu was indifference on such as mother 's gentle voice   , even with extremely disgusted eyes, staring at this dish commonplace ............

The woman continued to use a kind sight looking at Xu .

"Refuse to eat will starve the body ." looked like his mother .

"These cheap fish I used to feed my cat, and you want me to eat that is contempt for me, I will not eat such  garbage ." Xu still fit face.

"Ha ha ! Thanks to this garbage , I stay alive , I have read your autobiography  ,  you say you just ate sweet potato in your childhood  ? Real man resilient thing ! "

"Non of your business for my eating ? I hate to eat it , so what ? Both of you who will soon be in trouble ,  someone will save me soon  ."

"Okay ! Take it easy, if you really want to eat it, just ask me ." Old woman slowly moved away .

"Don't treat him good , let him starve till die , let him try starving taste, let those fleas revenge for us , sucking his blood . Such died without pity ." Outside came a rough male voice , estimated  a tenant living in here .

"Who are you ? Dare to shout! " Xu retorted .

" Forget it Forget it ! " Old woman trying to ease the atmosphere .

Everyone temporarily stopped the war, was quiet .

Xu  's belly drumming was getting worse , more and more thirsty , but was more difficult to endure the whole body wet. He started his own strong smell sweat , getting more feel dizzy , difficulty in breathing .

His heart finally produced a sense of fear , and feel life safety threat.

Remember, he was so long to try this experience.

Flash from the past starting from scratch, how early opening garment factory to make ends meet , and later by means of speculation U.S. apparel import quotas earned pot of gold , a chance to stir the real estate fortune funding history .

And later thrown a question mark :

"I do not steal them , why those people hate me ? I really cannot think I have any mistake , which is law of the jungle in the world, you poor will be eaten on one day  , it is not my fault! "Xu tried to justify.

He thought about the stock index trend, because he really was charge a re-injection bet futures .

He started a little delirious. In fact, after he got rich, really did not try again hungry for a day.

What time was not known, only to find his own will, was gradually and gradually being spun out , it seemed really to bow to beg, but this was his most feared thing , subconscious fear thrown countless confusing feeling .

" Give me dinner, going to die ." Hunger can really destroy people's will and strength of character .

Still the old woman came, but this time was not croaker , but a dish of fermented bean curd spinach .

At this moment , Xu just wanted to fulfill the stomach!

But he had to renege on promise of his oath : to accept the help of others .

Think of that year , with the fermented bean curd Soy meal of the day. One rainy day , in order to pay wages to employees,  forced to visit to his grandmother , humbly wish to seek some financial support . But in return sarcastic hit his pride .

"Come on, useless guy ,  inability to run business , to lend you ? Giving beggars is better than you ."

Xu could not understand why his loved relative turned to so cold-blood,  then he remembered that day on a visit to her new home , where the decoration inadvertently criticized owe poor appearance and hand , she immediately pout all day, did not manage color him.

His mom also said that his grandmother was a very narrow tolerance people, but never imagined even this trivial matter will grudge.

And his wife,  chose to leave him with suddenly silent , went straight survived by two sons to him.

He began to realize people are non-trustworthy,  could  not bring any sense of security and trust , but more practical pour money and career , to protect themselves .

Began to shift the mindset unscrupulous money.

He also vowed never to rely on anyone's help charity, even if only for him to pull a little something, also be no exception.

But now actually needed a doddering people to help him to eat ! This was far more than hot and psyllid uncomfortable.

Suddenly a sour nose , tears from the eyes oozed .

It was his first since that expelled tear ........................

He suddenly returned to his helpless ever.

Not willing to be fed  , but old woman still put spinach into his mouth. Xu's tears out of control.

wiping away his tears with a tissue  , another row of tears fully surrounded his eye corner !

" Wronged it ! Wronged us every day , and there is no escape right in fact, you have had hard times , but may have forgotten !

" .................. "

"Your autobiography I have seen the whole, I believe the content is not the slightest bit exaggerated, but since you have had so many difficulties and setbacks, why do not try to do something back to the community ? Use your experience to encourage a lot of lost youth ? I do not want you to give money around , but I hope you can help to create a fair competitive environment for the next generation of equilibrium . I have no knowledge  , so  cannot provide a way for you , but I think, if you determined , then you would certainly know what to do . "

" ............... "

" That was actually not too many people going to university in our past months  , but instead seemed to have more opportunities than it is now . Least we could make a wooden cart then sold fish balls in the streets, or worked in factories  , and much easier to earn living ?But now,listen to my grandson said  , economic mainly rely on some service industries , such as what financial sector ,property, Quality Management, he said one important pave way to engage in these professions , we must pay at least fifty thousand or more to attempt some certificate or diploma courses to get a certificate, then maybe have a chance, not guaranteed to join the industry. Unfortunately, his father just a low level staff and not earn much , really difficult to do so . In fact I dont understand why we must get the certificate? our era can first try for apprentice , be a red pants , although initially not earn much , but at least you can have income  , but can also be a time when the apprentice know it is appropriate for the job or not . Do you know? take money out for these courses, for the poor , it is a big gamble . took the certificate, if failed to find related work, or found himself is not suitable for the industry. then, like lost in casino, no money refund even may owe a debt ass also unsettled "

Xu still simply chew, did not respond.

" Forget it ,  ignored it, just treat as nonsense from the elderly ! " She wiped his mouth with a paper towel .

"You should find the official of government to express your opinion! " Xu finally spoke .

"Do you think they'll bother? Present such a system , almost the entire community feel this method is reasonable , do you think they'll take votes at stake do ? "

Outside came the noise of mahjong .

"Do you know why so many people hate you? "

This was what Xu eager to know, he could not wait for the answer to old woman requested .

"You go too far , if you are going out and they play cards , with your style, if you win , you will make your whole efforts  to keep your victory, and won't let any loser to fight back."

"Then what is the problem ? It is commercial world , of course, to maximize the benefits , otherwise I turned the momentum of anti- lost how to do ? Only human right ! "

"Yes, but if you are the loser  , at first you want revenge, to continue , but after ten times  , or after twenty times you still lose  You may have ammunition , or has been down-hearted , do not want to play anymore . then, as long as there is an exit , the whole blackjack terminate a shot scattered ! "

Playing cards with business was Xus used to do, and he remember someone withdraw from fear , or anger get banged on the table to leave.

"But if you are willing to relex yourself . Atmosphere will be completely different, the game will, not only continue , but also at the final bill  , maybe you are really winner , than you gain each round . not only money , but also win more of friendship , respect, praise , joy . "

"You really look like a master  , ha ha ......... " Xus tone was significantly more polite than previously .

Cumulative life experience tells me, it is just nonsense! "

Outside suddenly came the sound of booing ..................

Breaking news came after nightfall in Central demonstrations clips.

Although the government had repeatedly clarified the young girl really not shot by the police , but the people overwhelmingly identified as police protection of the murderer , and that was a prelude to the government ordered the crackdown . 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre, unknowingly stuck on many people's subconscious, when faced with a similar scenario , or atmosphere , could not help putting the fear of its natural projection out.

Many Eternal believers were arrested and escorted back to the Central Police Station , including Candy, and later returned to the Central solidarity of Jacky.

Karate guy went to the police station, the intention for them to bail, but obstructed by the police , brutally deported him to leave.

But dramatically, a Chief Inspector received a phone call from someone , stuck a few times , immediately ordered the release.

Although freed , but they could not understand why all of a sudden the police attitude one hundred and eighty degree turned , and suspected they did was because of their mistakes, manslaughter of that girl  , had to appease them.

Anger had not completely subsided, Candy thought of coming back to the square to continue the hunger strike more , but that there remained precarious dangerous , Jacky stopped her .

They only took a taxi back to Sham Shui Po for checking the hostages, and prepared some equipment , planned for tomorrow webcast of Xus " real show ."

Hong Kong people are kind of a unique place , that no matter what demands and protest, how violent in the course , when returning to work , they soon return to their roles, keeping hard work . Those who fear to affect the economics of Hong Kong, are  too alarmist , or simply want to demonize people of Hong Kong , ulterior motive !

Still rush, still in a hurry to catch over the traffic lights .  in the morning of Central on July 2,  there was no trace of a little unrest .

Unfortunately, the rest of the world , in particular, many Third World countries had been in the trap of this mystery religions , sitting at the brink of civil war !

The same time, online international news reported of the U.S. Secretary of Defense, Jackson, was highly suspected of leaking military secrets to the news, he suddenly disappeared !

Reporters discovered the uploaded photos on Jackson s Facebook  , confirmed that the flying statues appeared in Africa desert , but they still could not understand why the idea of this mysterious religion was quiet difference from those established in developed countries. While advocating peaceful appeal on the other side of the bloody violent agitation

More people began to suspect that the eternal God was one kind of aliens , as it generally liked science fiction or movie plot , the actions being carried out invasion of Earth .

Although Hong Kong had been temporarily back to normal , but because of the stock market plunge , coupled with the overwhelming media coverage review what happened yesterday , and foreign news reported eternal followers launched an attack , as well as a large number of internet massages suspected alien invaders , each person seemed to become worried , became hot topic of talking about.

In the online forum , eternal believers and non- believers continued to expand the war of words . There were non-Mormons said  that eternal maiden killed directed and acted farce , followers immediately scolding decapitation .

Candy and Jacky back to the board room , to sleep one night ,  could not free from psyllid bites. They also got sweating all night and could not sleep, but because they all had a similar wave brainwashed by some superhuman faith ,until to the early morning  still keeping spirited !

They prepared an IPad, a laptop computer connected camera, pointed at  Xu, ready for live webcast . They intended to take him to be a cleaner  for whole day  , so that the rich could play a role played game and try the plight of the poor .

Then Xu , after a night of tossing , quite haggard face , but also constantly yawning .

Besides explaining to Xu about the job duty of a cleaner , both sides did not make any mutual exchanges .

Originally Xu should be secretly glad, because the need for work, it was necessary to let him free  , was a good time to escape.

The strange thing was  , he was thrown up like once again to try those years he frequently worked of menial jobs , wanted to see people on the street , how to treat his misfortune , sympathetic or reviled  ? If curse words ,  really wanted to hear if they really like the reason of old woman mentioned before, that he had done too much things that majority disliked  .

"I think I was young to eat bitterness, certainly more than you ." Xu  , took to break the silence ...............

Major television stations had also issued a special news coverage , lived Xu kidnapped events.

Territory , and to a global audience , could watch the richest person in a major financial market forced on the street sweeping .

The whole Yen Chow Street was packed with people , many long-distance saw Xu brother , more on the transfer of a big shopping mall , who had the courage to climb the mall more those supporting the giant glass wall bracket , security kept on the run to drive them down .

Screen Xu , surprisingly put the ground be properly garbage skillfully . It made many people witnessed, including most  eternal believers were stunned , they initially thought that he should know nothing , but now saw , was a professional cleaning than many workers .

"when I set up my plant ,  everything must be done by myself , working up at six , finished almost midnight . We were  a generation concentrated on work , getting the job ready skills , a solid foundation was on the battlefield, and we did not have  time to complain , no idle to protest, because if we were lazy , we would starve to death. ye much better now than we did , I really do not know what you have to complain ? "Xu into the camera ,  still spirited.

At this time, opposite to the shopping mall , the Flying Tigers ace police had been stationed  , and set up a spear , aimed at being held hostage by Xu believers . Actually he was the richest man in town, if not save him at  the first time ,  Police might have to bear the responsibility of unimaginable consequences.

However, if choosing to open fire , that crowd eternal believers , as well as sympathy for their supporters , they could again provoke a fight , when things would be very much noise . So they designed a relatively small impact on the reputation of the police rescue operation .

The police also found the girl's assailant shot yesterday , but intended to complete the rescue of Xu first, then announced.

Xu was taken to a tenement back alleys , Jacky told him to continue his task.

" I just finished , but you still play this game , there is a waste of everybody's time . You think I cannot be able to take the broom , and now you see it ! I'm sure both of you cannot brush faster than me. Youth ye being used. I 'm sure if you continue , then die at any time and cannot leave Sham Shui Po , stop now ! "Xu s voice became very soft.

"Dont be hypocritically, wanted to run  ! We are not so easily fooled ." Karate guy impulse up .

This time , a group of uniformed police had blocked the alley way on both sides , each holding a gun bag.

"You have been surrounded, command you to release the hostages immediately ."

"Don't worry , we will not hurt Xu , we are Bong name of  Eternal God , the Redeemer of the rich and those lost and I guarantee he will not injured  ." Jacky response.

But the police ignored his explanation, a few step into the holding shields also forced over.

" How to do ?" Candy began puzzled  .

"Eternal God will save us , like yesterday , and today is no exception. Believe Him absolutely " Jacky still full of confidence.

"Put down your gun, otherwise I will kill him ." Karate guy suddenly held Xus neck tight  .

"No, now the whole world is watching us ."

At the same time , there was an incredible coincidence ............

All Internet connection paralyzed for unknown reasons at the same time.

Machine guns shooting sound shouted and covered entire Yen Chow Street , previously onlookers Xu immediately escaped , fearing bullets eyeless !

Many ambulances coming and going, and a black Mercedes Benz under the cover of many police vehicles, galloped away !

TV picture only capture this situation, harmonies recorded the previous shot. This scene was tempting to think of 2010 Philippine hostage tragedy, a matter of great anxiety , the degree of such years.

After repaired, Internet service restored half an hour later , but had not yet found the cause.

Although previously no Internet access, but many people recorded the incident by phones. Until service restored ,uploaded these videos to YouTube,many of them were Eternal believers.

Global believers very worried about the situation because no one knew those brothers and sisters dead or alive , where unrest had occurred earlier and more rapid deterioration of the situation !

Of course , non-stop anxiety , as well as far from Tinchi of living in outer space .

During this short time, he had decided to stay in this planet , he would  be responsible to teach people here of singing skills , and training pop singer and also a part-time reflexologist , and reward nature was to follow the rules of the game here .

However, all the news clips , made him uneasy , wanted to immediately go back and look at the situation of Candy .

At this time, female angel suddenly appeared.

" Tinchi  , the earth current situation is very critical and you must not go back ." she was still cool, but warm speech  .

"Can you tell me what happened ? "

" I come to tell you the situation, you forget that we can know what you think  ? "

" I'm sorry"

" ............ " Female angel gently soothe his delusion.

"Do you remember we introduced you our history  ? "

"I remember , when go through a war, almost all extinct ."

"Yes, we said that when a group of people , because they do not agree and didnt want to be the central system governance , then emigrated to other planets ."

" Could you say that Eternal God comes from ............... they want to invade Earth ? "

"Yes , they are army of one star in Cancer ,As a result of poor environment protection, caused them serious damage to almost uninhabitable , where filled with smog , contaminated food was completely inedible , not a good land . Consequently extraterrestrial colonization becomes their only way to survive. If they were  willing to pledge allegiance Universe Union early , to take the same way as the allocation of resources , must not turn into unmanageable mess , and, they are about to launch a full invasion of Earth war . "

"That ............... Earth 's military can compete  ? " He had been a shake .

"We compared the two sides of the military force , the real is not far off, and we simulated over , even if only use conventional weapons from arsenals in Earth , there are fifty percent likelihood repel intruders. However, these people are quite treacherous  , they early insight into your earth serious division of mankind , so take advantage of third world people or others by the deployment of poverty , war, and other unfair treatment arising from discontent people , the eternal religion is their means. they bribed some terrorist organizations , also provides weapons to them, with their alliance , greatly enhancing the strength . "

"Our messengers also recently collected a reliable intelligence that helped launch the eternal religion, Americans Jackson , has passed worldwide countries nuclear warheads password to them , and the American himself is the world's top  professional hacker , can have the ability to invade any computer , now becomes their assistant.

"If I want ......... you would be willing to do to help the Earth ..................... ? The earth was his mother planet  , although there had been a lot of frustration , sadness , but he still had many relatives, friends, and the ex-girlfriend who was unknown situation  . Phrase came straighten naturally .

"Certainly not!! " she flatly refused ...........................

Tinchi understood the reason for this turned down because their principle was to pursue absolute equitable distribution of resources . If you wanted them to send troops , then , the first condition was that dedicate the Earth's land equivalent to the exchange , which value was equal to their invasion , which similar to the eternal God , and the batch was no different . So his idea of a turn, simply no longer be controversial.

"If you really want to help the earth , there is a method. In our military factory has a number of abandoned old battle robots, these robots operated by hand only, just like you that Japanese animated -like appearance, I remember named as Gundom , isnt it ?

"Sure " He replied seriously  .

"Xddd ........." unexpected messenger  laughed.

" I feel like I first saw you smile, people in our planet are very like to watch others laugh, especially beautiful girl. Actually look up from your sweet smile , you should smile more and show to me ." Tinchi trusted that he could use these tactics to narrow their distance .

But she immediately turned back to indifference, it seemed that this tactics , for her was ineffectual feeling.

"This robot is not difficult to operate , same way to your operating an aircraft in Earth , but you have to learn how to control their limbs and weapons with standard equipped of a shield together with a laser sword , and abdomen is equipped with a laser gun, theoretically enough to deal with that batch of intruders , but I suggest you wait and see whether the situation really deteriorated to the stage of the earth cannot cope with. Moreover, we also hope you can come back within two weeks , otherwise we may not let you come back . "

"Let me consider, but if I go back ,  must not accommodating with other people ? "

"You should probably know our operations , unless the central system promised ."

Another point to you is , very  little practical effect handedly in case only you to rescue the world ,  at least thirty or more robots should go together,in order to have certainty defeat chances. In our planet has about one hundred people migrated from earth . You came here for a long time and haven't meet them. Here comes an opportunity to study their life, can find out the actual live whether really meets your expectations. By the way you can try to persuade them to help you . In fact, the central system is not so unreasonable, as long as you're not wasting resources here , he may promise you the request. "

His brain suddenly felt an electric current .

"I promise your request , but you must come back after finishing the job immediately  ." Central system sent power wave to him for the first time .

"Thank you , as the girl said, look at the situation before making a decision ."  This was personally participate in the war , he never had any military training. Plus there was such a rare opportunity , in another planet for developing own careers. The vast majority of the planet may be his way to the utopian desire. If he chose to save the planet which made him frustrated  , and lead to loss of life or serious injury , really worth it ?  he wanted at least once for scenery in his lifetime , even though trying to governed by the central system all the time ,and loss privacy, was worthy.

Eventually there will be people like biological instinct of self-preservation , not rush to do something on their own may be no good result. But the feelings between people, will indeed drive themselves to take this risk, mother , a few close friends , and of course his own loved  .

Two opposite sides of thinking fought with .

"You may take the time to learn how to manipulate the robot , and meet your fellow star man! " messenger proposal stopped his fighting in brain.

"This , is a good suggestion ." Tinchi nodded.

Female angel took him to a giant warehouse , at least thirty seemed  bit rusty metal robots placed inside , these robots about fifteen meters high , all painted dark green.

" You may try now, robots cockpit in the abdominal cavity ." She shanked her hand  , robot opened the abdomen door immediately .

A silver iron antimony lowered slowly .

One after they climbed into the cabin, as was the female messenger in advance, Tinchi could clearly see the wearing tights round hips, not controlled produce certain physiological responses !

Mind confused him, fearing the central system found he had sex criminal intent ,  to make any punishment or even arrested .

His face reddened faint ,just looked at her coldly face  .

"I want to ask you a question ? " Female angel suddenly turned and asked .

"Please ......... say" his palms sweat a little .

"If you want to date a girl , how to do ? " Female messenger interested in dating in the Earth .

"If a man want to date a women , usually send flowers , invite her to eat a dinner full of flavor , or doing some of her favorite things and the like , depending on the preferences of each character ." Tinchi said with a little puzzled .

"woman will pursue men  ? "

"Generally are relatively subtle , for example, looked at some modesty favorite one  , or to dress and make up in front of him,or look at him to attract attention , like asking him computer knowledge  ."

" Confession when the general would say, what ? "

"I love you, something like that ."

"I love you"

"Yes ."

"I love you " female angel gazed him and repeated these words .....................

Sentiment was a bit low .

" You are joking ." He tried to break the silence.

"No kidding , are serious, if you accept me  , until you make a GM and after the surgery, we can immediately marry and breed the next generation ." Inside the earth ,  no one would use such an attitude mode affection .

"You turned out to be so straight to the point , but you will not be talking about love, mutual understanding before going to look for life? " After came to this planet  , Tinchi tried all the way to get to know the lifestyle and wealth distribution, all of a sudden ignored here love marriage patterns .

" The central system analyzed that my personality fit your character ,and will be a matched pair , and after the surgery , we will have 100% chance to breed the next generation of the first class and so he or she will be in sports  , music, art have outstanding performance , with an estimated value of competition over 95 . "

Incidentally, the so-called competitive value here was that the central systems criteria of assessment for each people . The same way as the Earth's horse racing class ranking . This rating was one of the important criteria for assigning work to citizen . After so many years of genetic improvement , most people score more than 80 points  , this fraction had been classified as the first class and so on.

"Ha ha ......... " Tinchi could not help laughing .

" What happened ? "

"So marriages are arranged by the system ."

"I know  the earth advocating love freedom , but this pattern for us is an inefficient behavior. Ye love one another to the newlywed stage, whether emotional or even reality , would think the other is the most suitable mate , but when married to live together ,  then discover that many details of life habits are not the run-in , for example, the man may be slovenly sloppy, put the clothes lying around at home . attention but the other half is clean coherent, these completely opposite values can easily lead to friction, if they can be calm is okay. If not, then lead to divorce, as well as other more serious consequences such as bloodshed .It's too wasteful of time and resources! "

"Not necessarily , I have seen a lot of the opposite character couples can grow old , it still depends on their effort and if we are attached to each other , then there is always accommodating of ."

"But ye that rising divorce rates have told you problems. Besides , we have a very obvious conclusion is that your earth too early implementation of monogamy , because ye men of such a system is also not fully fit , you do not try to improve and change them to only pursuit of single partner ,body still has massage of seeking multiple couples in his gene. The results of this problem has become your earth stumbling institution of marriage . Well we found that your female have begun to accept such multi-couple concept. If this situation continues, I am afraid that this system will collapse within one hundred years . "

Because of undergoing GM of your planet , result of increasing the probability that the next generation of male reproductive instinct removed , it is possible to successfully monogamous ,  right? "

Female messenger nodded.

just about your love, I have to consider and let's  talk about it later ! I would like to learn driving the robot , there is , I want to prepare and tidy singing materials, in the future I need to teach some of the music theory such as tempo , scales , etc., take some time , and for your affection being no space to accept , I am sorry for that  . "

Female messenger nodded again , her face looked across the point a little disappointed .

In fact, this could be considered this female messenger also a charming creature, unfortunately Tinchi not felt good about her . Moreover, the relatively cold for love and marriage patterns , all of a sudden still not be accepted , he still liked this stage must firstly through love.

Girl began to teach him how to operate this robot , the system was actually quite simple, just brought a helmet , and then it was similar to play Wii and other game consoles like the somatosensory , to took advantage of their own actions to manipulate it . Needless to half an hour , he had learned how to flexibly control the limbs and launching weapons.

He also specifically added Wing Chun moves, so handy, made him more play the more energetically .

"System delegated you to teach singing , but you seem more interested in martial arts. Seen you practice at the hotel , but instead have not heard you sing . Actually, I came interested in this art , you can now sing  to me  ? I want to listen carefully what the Earth's song is . "

"Well, I'm free to find something to sing , too resistant to not practiced , there may be some inaccuracies, please do not take offense ."

"OK , just want to hear your song ."

He chose at random  . One was  Jacky Cheung's "Your name , my name ." Another one was a classic English song "You are my everything", both also romantic and beautiful songs.

After all, was extremely obsessed boyhood interest, he rekindled the fire of those years . Got enough to sing again numerous classical songs apart , not consciously  , this little cabin fantasy came Coliseum .

Sang a dozen songs , he  felt a little tired and stopped .

He wanted to see her reaction , but gave her scared froze.

He saw her tearful eyes looking at him...............

She gently kissed the cheek of Tinchi , two tears spot still falling into his pink wrist.

"Don't cry ......... I'm sorry it is not a right time, maybe in the future, after understand more about you, I will change." Tinchi gently pushed her, but casually comfort her.

She wiped tears, but Tinchi helped her with his hand. Obviously in love with him, the extent of love was no different from the Earth 

"I'm just very impressed, you're put in just to sing, impassioned, those words very romantic. my delusion these lyrics was sent to me, so there is some chaos." Girl of this moment seemed to have suddenly changed to Earth like.

"So you have emotions, I thought you were really no such feelings ." Tinchi little overjoyed.

"To be honest , because the central system find that our lives are too mechanical, in order to make our lives more fun and vitality. So decide to introduce your planet s culture.  these melody to me , much stimulate my emotions."

"It seems that the central system is also very concerned about your citizen! Relative to our planet, even by a president elected by the people, many still harbor deep selfishness and trickery, caring people is really rare." Lamented by him.

Tinchi practiced operation of robot for a while, Angel used another robot fought against his robot for demolition exercises. Since Tinchi knew Wing Chun Kung Fu, female messenger quickly defeated , was knocked to the ground.

After a brief rest, messenger led him to a famous mountain, where could see the planet's unique two suns sunset.

A12 is a planet of Scorpio, which is different constellations from solar system which has more than one sun, two suns are separated by about ten light-years to run on the same track.

Tinchi first saw such planet sunset, but unfortunately the phone had been thrown, otherwise must take photos here, Orange and yellow pair of this beautiful landscape.

Watching the sunset, but somehow, his mind first missed Candy, then  remembered Xiao, and because of his selfishness causing the lost of her life. Suddenly memory alternately guilt, worries alternately sorry!

Herald selected to sat quietly beside him , saw his face got a daze, suddenly humming a song to him previously he sang .

Tinchi looked back at her , suddenly produced a sense of warmth and gratitude.

"You actually remember my song, very powerful."

"I ask you, how Xiaos character, then how you got along?" She actually heart have.

"She ............ I owned her, I killed her." Tinchi suddenly a feeling, put his hands under the surface covered slide.

"Compared with Candy, who is your love ?"

"I dont know to answer this question, this is my private thing." Tinchi facing this straight to the point, getting a little annoyed.

"In fact, I asked this question, because I wanted to know that once Xiao has been resurrected, how would you choose?"

"Be resurrected???" Tinchi shaked up ...............

This planet had mastered the dead back to life technology , but the premise was that this person must be valuable and had significant contribution on the planet, such as high levels of income, or the value of competition was outstanding , or being the spouse of the two types of people. In order to strictly control the planet's most appropriate population density, so for so many years, it was only ten such cases, in order to avoid the problems of population imbalance.

In other words, if Tinchi could prove his ability to fulfill at least one of these two requirement , and promised to marry Xiao , then the system would consider allowing  Xiao Lians resurrection, but depended on the prevailing population density and distribution.

Tinchi  deliberately avoided to answer this question , and said that he was tired and had to return to the hotel for rest. In fact he could not answer this question at this moment.

Back to the hotel, he shut his eyes and brain kept turning, thinking.

He killed Xiao Lian, now heard the angel announced this resurrection  mechanism, he wanted to go at once to make compensation, restored her a life. Although he had begun to understand this planet, relative to the earth, had fairer rules of the game, but to become the highest-income people of this planet,  nothing to grasp, he did not know how the strength of others, unable to assess the odds, and now in front of just a big question mark buried.

More important was to know the feelings for Xiao Lian, just stayed in the actual moment of emotion, and the level of physical desire. Like playing one-night stand, just fleeting fireworks. So to a certain extent on Xiao was apologetic than emotion, that he really cherished, still only Candy.

Once her resurrection, it meant going to marry her. But she was not his favorite. One day, Xiao Lian would find and feel honored just to get his commitment to marry her, then she would surely break down ,be made unthinkable and unfair harm.

Repetitive thoughts made him not sleep.

He simply asked the central system could make an exception, but the system did not make any response.

His mind with the time and produced a really seriously question: If I really returned to Earth, and  met Candy again , If she wanted me to stay with her on earth, dont let me go, what should I do ?

Libra man said to be more hesitant, he absolutely could prove the correctness of this analysis.

Sleeping unwell all night, at early morning confused jaded, but this series of questions, still no answer.

He often felt that his life wasted too much unnecessary time to think, ponder and then not solve the problem, this time making the same mistake!

The next few days, he put aside the question, continued to practice fighting robot training. He also met a Japanese Kimura from the Earth righteousness, he came here as early as two years ago, had been professor of Japanese Kendo, now had thirty students with him, income was pretty remarkable. Tinchi also took the opportunity to study with him of  kendo, and the direct use of a robot laser sword exercises. Professor Kimura had Wing Chun for feedback.

Kimura also informed that the Earth would be an alien invasion, but also worried about the safety of family and friends, so likewise mind and wanted to return to Earth to make contributions.

He was also actively learning control robots and asked Tinchi of sparring with each other .

Besides introducing Kimura to him, the female messenger had only silent to Tinchi , which made him a little skepticism and anxiety because the reason might be his rejection to her love !

The same time, the Earth's situation deteriorated sharply.

An intercontinental missiles carrying nuclear warheads, was fired at twice the speed of sound and towards Washington ...............

Russian President urgently informed the U.S. president, called for an immediate start interceptor missile system to shoot down nuclear missiles somehow mistakenly shot.

The White house full of atmosphere of extraordinary tension, already very upset president ordered at once , be sure to put the bomb to destroy, but must be over the Pacific Ocean, in order to avoid national was harmed by strong radiation.

President also ordered all the insider must be left inside the buildings, not allowed to go out. And ranked as strictly  confidential, and offenders immediately shoot to kill!

Even more incredible was that all the country's missile defense system unexcused failure, while Defense Minister Jackson still heard nothing!

Early days ago, out of a network in Sham Shui Po, Hong Kong Police SDU  performed rescue task to the  richest Xu , fragments vaguely saw them with guns, fired at several men and women , instant several men and women lying a pool of blood, and Xu immediately took to the police and escort to leave.

That would stir the 1 July, the government wanted to appease the people, had repeatedly promised to thoroughly investigate the truth of the slain girl, after which the situation in Hong Kong be calmed down a bit, people returned to work or school. Unfortunately fragments after exposure, the public reacted strongly that the government deliberately paralyzed the network, to cover up murder atrocities, also called containment Government Secretariat, decided strikes, the result was loaded, a number of shops and companies  closed on the following day, classrooms were held.

At the same time, many people saw a group of statues  flying , they also planted leaflets to people and asked them to join  eternal religion ,in addition to join the battle.

Originally thought eternal religion was a cult, after seeing  this "miracle", the faith also began to shake. The suppression made them turn to be sympathy to eternal followers, and even joined them.

Other people feared doomsday come, snapped up dry food, water, a lot of the young family began to be self-indulgence, there were  unscrupulous men and women actually had sex in public collective!

Tokyo, London and other cities  had a similar scenario, people were starting to become crazy.

The world's major governments, formal churches had urged believers not to be shaken belief, that Satan was just playing tricks. Unfortunately, many of them had been statues hypnosis, or to eyes see confused and lost their mind. They began to leave their original church, some even suicide, or  made irrational behavior such as robbery or murder .

Becoming violent riots around, and already on the verge of civil war edge, local government sent more troops to assist the insurgency, repression of street scenes of shootings and exchange of fire everywhere, the world's major financial markets suspended trading, Deutsche Boerse outgoing messages bomb.

Central of Hong Kong had once again been occupied, Tsim Sha Tsui, Mong Kok, with sporadic riots. Along Canton Road Shoppes attacked and forced off the gate closure.

Global situation suddenly became bad and lost control, no one could really expect.

Global supermarkets nearly cleared  , and the same time the United States spate of shootings, an unknown number of casualties.

The missile had approached the North American continent, but the missile defense system had not properly maintained.

Worse cream was a variety of satellites orbiting the Earth lapsed at the same time . TV stations broadcast was suspended. The  U.S. military could not use the latest satellite laser weapons to shoot down missiles.

Missiles began slowly turning, directed Washington.

Suddenly a group of Eternal gods appeared side by side along with the missile flight ...............

Four statues were entrenched in the four corners of the missile, and the thick purple beam with four tightly locked the bomb.

Purple seemed to be able to suck the power of the missile , tilting moment  lost among all the energy, straight into the Pacific roughs.

All TV channels worldwide suddenly restored , this moment somehow gave this a fragment spots. Image sinking into more than six billion pairs of eyes.

"The world almost broke out nuclear war, the U.S. defense system and coincidentally failure. Two superpowers would dare to hide these things, refused to give you time to escape, this is a very selfish act. Luckily we stopped missiles on time , five minutes later  Washington will become another Hiroshima and Nagasaki, nuclear dust  will cause a catastrophic blow to the global Come on, yet refuge brothers and sisters, this is your last chance. "which of a statue of the green statue, with fluent English speaking toward the screen.

The White House and the Pentagon surrounded by a crowd of people, someone reloaded his gun and shoot,  a large number of armored vehicles mobilized to the scene for insurgency. The other three permanent members of the United Nations issued a statement strongly condemned and criticized U.S. and Russia irresponsible, required to account immediately. Consulates around the United States and Russia were also under siege and destruction.

Chinese PLA Guangzhou Military Region had made large scale abnormal military movements, a lot of  Dongfeng-31 intercontinental missiles deployed in coastal areas, and equipped with a nuclear warhead.

Most of the world's people had completely lost control  .

"All human beings, dear people, your government has become non- trustable ! Uprising now! Establishment of the Eternal kingdom , which is the last chance, this is the last chance ........." statues repeated incite the masses .

Global Eternal church packed with scrambling to people who wanted to join the church, the church stewards saw too many people, simply used rubber hose ,  sprayed the so-called holy water into the crowd as the ceremony.

More and more Eternal gods appeared in the sky. In Africa, Somali, Congo and other countries, beginning with the statues and more followers to attack.

War gradually spread to the Middle East, the Palestinian armed forces joined the Eternal, in one fell swoop captured nearly half of Israel's place.

Israel Air Force Ace fierce combat with the eternal gods, mutual casualties.

In Europe, Italian Prime Minister rumor hostage, British defense system suspected to have been hacked and could not operate. Liverpool, Birmingham near fell. Spain anarchy. French defense system was also out of service, sophisticated weapons could not be used, only to use intensive anti-aircraft gun to fight the invaders.

Countries around the world relied on advanced defense equipment caught in a bitter struggle after another, some of the relatively less developed countries but weapons could prevail, perhaps was not so dependent on high-tech!

Needless to one week,  the world similar to outbreak of World War III, all economic activity stopped. Civilians had to hide hard, or joined the jihad.

Earth satellites around the statues had been all to destruction, global defense computer paralyzed!

Hong Kong, Macau, southern Taiwan had all been Eternal military control, but instead came the good news from Thailand and Vietnam, which nearly defeated the invaders .

After a month, the Eternal army continued to reinforce,  the countries originally prevail turned into situation worsened . The defense system could not be fixed , could only rely on conventional weapons against the enemy .

Gathered eternal gods troops in the earth were around a hundred thousand , equipped with highly lethal laser weapons ...............

The next day of conquered by Eternal, Hong Kong was relatively quiet. All believers gathered at the Hong Kong Funeral main  door, one by one, to pay tribute to their young and brave martyr.

Yes, in addition to Candy still unaccounted for, Jacky and his team, had been confirmed killed.

Believers were of tears and threatened to win the jihad, offering them deceased.

Meanwhile, the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong's financial hub,a violent explosion occurred, the entire symbolic of Hong Kong to earn money core values of the giant baccarat tables Needless one minute into ashes.

Although they were alien invaders, but this explosion would be a warning to a city which economy totally dependent on speculation of property and stocks ?

Including Xu and other super-rich, was said to have been aboard by a private jet to take refuge in Tibet and other places in this morning .

Hearse slowly heading for Cape Collinson Crematorium, lined along the believers say goodbye with endless wail.

Eternal used the Government Secretariat for temporary bases, and isolated garrison headquarters, now one hundred eternal idol temporary accommodation.

Most Hong Kong warships and military facilities had been destroyed. But Beijing had only instructing the army retreated to Shenzhen, pending further action, did not seem to reinforce the desire.

World war had become intense, but the Chinese mainland, it was unusually quiet.

The strange thing was, the country's churches had sprung by eternal, peaceful flourishing, but the government seemed to welcome them, did not be discouraged, CCTV reported in detail how they helped the civilian population and donated medical and other charity.

As before intercontinental missiles deployed along the coast, two-thirds targeted the American continent, and the remaining one-third of a turn point to Japan.

All fortifications to maintain normal operation, didn't  seem to have received any vandalism.

UN war publicly asked China to help eradicate domestic eternal church, and announced that it had confirmed that the eternal God was the alien invaders. But Chinese Foreign Ministry called on both sides to exercise restraint only, and proposed peace talks.

Chinese domestic believers grew exponentially, the Church continued to provide financial assistance in the marginal areas, construction of roads and bridges.

In addition to China, Japan also had a similar situation. But why the two would be so treated aggressor, it was intriguing.

Only fighting with conventional weapons such as tanks, artillery fighting U.S. troops, because they could not adapt to this original play, retreated . Just like the case back to the Vietnam War.

Elite global computer still not worked , on the occasion of the helpless, they invariably think of one person. And this man, may be the only hope of saving the planet .

Of course, no one would know that this person had given Eternal bribed. And he also proficient in pretending , easily to change to another identity as the founder of Earth Eternal , but mysteriously land invasion and paralyzed most advanced countries global defense network. At the same time turned out to be hidden from the U.S. government to continue to take the defense post.

FBI long been suspected that he colluded with the eternal religion, opened the files to prepare investigation. But shrewd Jackson Hole opportunities foregone, by the annual leave to a disappeared.

On this day, the other Asian economic powerhouse South Korea, there was a heroic things.

Army garrison in Seoul and eternity unfold street fighting, soldiers with heavy machine guns, rocket launchers, howitzers engaged with a laser gun as the main weapon of the eternal forces, even victory, killing four dozen statues and captured hundreds of human followers .

Desperate bid, the eternal army desperate, occupied a large supermarket and caught customers and supermarket staff as hostage, government forces launched confrontation ...............

Eternal military urged the South Korean government  to hand over power within two hours.Otherwise they would kill hostage one by one every 15 minutes.

Korean army faced a big difference of surrounding the supermarket, if forced to scoring may cause loss of life, but if ceased  , once those gods secretly kill the hostages, the military might face fierce criticism.

General Kim of Korean army did not dare to act rashly, called the Secretary of Defense for instructions . The Minister of National Defense told Kim to wait for his call, he had to discuss with President Park.

When the war caught in a stalemate , a burly body type, over six feet but disheveled, his face blond fibrous foreign man suddenly approached Kim . The soldiers rushed immediately put the gun point.

Blond man  held high his hands,and explained with strong American English Dominicans for his purpose  :

"Please put the gun down, I'm here to help you, because I was asked to own sin."

General Kim was unknown as his meaning, only told him the place now very dangerous, must  leave immediately, so as not to hinder their rescue.

But foreign men did not respond, just repeated the words again and again, then dared to enter the supermarket forecourts.

"Stop, there are aliens  inside and they have laser weapons of mass destruction." General Kim loud restrained.

Foreign men suddenly pointed to one of the soldier's M16 rifle, and motioned him to give the gun to him.

"Please rest assured, I have dealt with these people, and, I am also a soldier." He pointed again schematically gun.

Soldier glanced the general, he nodded approval. Soldiers gave the gun to that foreign men.

He took the gun, the skillful back bore, check the bullet for a while, then re-loaded. firearms tactics and speed showing his  professional.

"If anything happen to me, it is purely my personal responsibility, the Republic of Korea has no responsibility to the event ." He told Kim sent a reassurance.

" be careful,"  do not know Kim saying a sincere, or pretend to exhort.

Foreign  man s  figure gradually tiny blink of an eye was the huge glass doors supermarket swallowed!

"General, it really okay? If he really killed, there may become a diplomatic crisis. ......... I'm afraid we have to be punished,"  a soldier worried.

"Coward, that Americans speak I've secretly taped, he just showed his own will. Nobody need to take responsibility. Moreover, if he really rescued the hostages, we might be admired by the president ." Kim said with confidence .

Suddenly , the supermarket came a few gunshots ..................

Supermarket screaming cries rising and falling.

Two Eternal God were shot and destroyed, lying on the ground and lost momentum.

Dense and colorful laser shot to the direction toward the door, the glass crashed broken.

A vigorous agile shadows, scroll to the sale of cleaning products on the shelves later, after flashed bright fire, accompanied by intensive gunfire, Immediately the remaining three statues destroyed by bullet .

 A few human followers who held light machine guns returned fire at random, goods scattered landing on the ground.

Hostages were scared huddled in a small warehouse and immediately closed the warehouse gates.

"Believers, stop ." Believers  awe of a very familiar voice, all transfixed.

Foreign man carrying guns, after channeling out from the shelves, then ripped the mask.

Believers prayed together, mouth also repeatedly chanted leader.

"I am not the leader, and we were all hypnotized, did a lot of very wrong things. Eternal God is in fact not the true God, they are the trickery of alien invaders, faster wake up, escape ! "Jackson kept rallying Scream.

All believers could not react, only know that a previously looked dull was very active, in spreading the eternal religion, was  portrayed as a prophet of American, for no reason remark.

"Let them go, let hostages go, if you still respect me, then immediately let innocent people to leave."

Believers still without any response.

Jackson walked quickly and vigorously beated the warehouse door, maybe hostages was too alarmed, no one had the courage to open the door.

'I am coming to save you ! Open the door ! "Jackson simply shot toward locks, M16's firepower quickly blew opened the door.

Inside hostage had no color face, the ground was vaguely some fouling, there were several crotch also quite wet, began to emit odors.

Jackson tone to command them to leave immediately, but the legs of some hostages seemed to lose control, unable to move.  He immediately picked them, together with other could walk and escape, escaped the supermarket immediately.

After escaped the supermarket, American also gave a hand signal to Kim, indicating that they could score the supermarket .

Then all the hostages gone. Suddenly, someone shouted :

"Traitors." After row intensive gunfire.

Less than ten feet from Kim, with majestic body of Jackson, screams loudly after several bullet holes made,  blood ejected from the body , some spilled into Kim.

Lying on the ground dying Jackson, nearly last breath raised his head to General Kim and said one sentence:

"Look ......... look at my Facebook ............" Jackson passed away  ..................

Madness caught again Believers,they used supermarket walls as cover,shot at Korean army .

Because of no concerns about hostages, Kim ordered to kill

Rocket launchers, grenades be used together, after several loud explosions, the entire supermarket caught in flames.

Air Force helicopters had arrived for reinforcements and unscrupulous small missile launch, two minutes later, the whole supermarket was razed to the ground, the group of stubborn believers should be very slim chance of survival.

General Kim sneered a few times , by the way commanded the soldiers to burned Jackson's dead body . After the task completed, also telegraphed The Commissioner of Defense, told that all hostages had been rescued.

His sense to Jackson deathbed remark might have a major secret. He immediately exchanged for a casual wear and went home, opened the computer, and started a pre-device IP address hidden programs.

Jackson used eternal leader as user name registration on Facebook account, and publicly put his personal account on the eternal Facebook official page, and invited everyone to join him. And Jackson did not set any permissions, so Kim easily saw his photos, activities , and comments.

He detailed analysis of his time line ,  most of messages concerning the religious matters  . But the strange thing was that recently left some password :

"3062470h030624p89765213ae679"

Kim also an expertise in technology of computer savvy and hacking, of course, knew that this was a password, but this group password used to do what? Seemed, need to seriously look.

His innate flexible and clever brains, thought back carefully Jacksons  behavior and found that he had betrayed the eternal religion, otherwise he never rescued the hostages, causing his death . This group password, released two days ago . It seemed he might predict his tragedy, wanted to disclose some important secrets.

Of course, between a little while. He did not know that Jackson was also a professional hacker.

Likewise, some people noticed this password at the same time  .....................

Multiple national army gradually adapted to fight without tech support, and groped the methods and strategies to deal with the enemy. U.S.A. government suggested to form a joint military from whole world, initiative against enemies, this suggestion endorsed by most countries. But China and Japan had a high-profile advocate of peace talks, and self-declared neutrality.

British and French naval fleet fought in visual way, used of the fleet 's intensive artillery fire, and with the Marines,  successfully recovered most of the European coastal which previously occupied by the Eternal troop .

The situation had reversed. Eternal gods had only laser weapons began unsustainable, heavily loss of soldiers off,   only rely recalcitrant from human believers. Wondering whether this eternal gods gradually lost the role of hypnosis, plus a lot of psychological experts went to the front line appealed to sensible capitulate, many believers began to recover rational, sober and promised to surrender.

General Kim was still obsessed with that pile of "Jackson Password." But at the same time, the United States responsible for investigating Jackson FBI team, hammer out the group password, and defense systems might be relevant. One optimistic idea was that this group of password was used as system recovery, but pessimistic scenario, it was just for blocking the system, or simply irrelevant to the system.

General Kim almost simultaneously produced this assumption.

They invariably had the same : To know the answer, try to enter the system.

FBI tried U.S. defense systems. When input of the entire group password, the screen had appeared frustrating words:

"Access denied"

While whole team lost the occasion, a female FBI, who had slightly neurotic and responsible for entering  password  ,  suddenly uttered a cry, the whole atmosphere gave freezing .

"Someone hacking  into the system at the same time , how could I do?" Female FBI tone was extremely high.

A male staff  with head tightened up a tail,took a deep breath.

"Try again!"

Female FBI repeatedly tried but still unable to login , the group leader ordered an investigation for the aggressor's IP, but unfortunately that IP could  not be locked recognizable.

"Is it Jackson, trick want to waste our time, he is really crafty, be sure to get his Ibo." They focus again on Jackson .

"Still keep trying ?" Someone asked.

"Do not be in his trap, and now Urgent, plus the President has ordered  rewriting another set of program, is estimated to be completed soon, or intensify tracing Jackson now!"

"But why invade system the same time?  try another time?" The staff questioned again 

"I said before, dont waste time, you know?" Captain seemed somewhat unhappy.

 Members of the congregation had no choice but to continue to chase Jackson.

Other side of the box, Kim handedly put the things on the desk to sweep the floor, mouth kept whispering, but also mixed with some foul language.

"It's dead devils, wasting my time,  if  I successful login and restore the system , must become a hero. This American fool, I knew he did so, kicked him more before burning his dead body , kicked smashes so far. God, won't you want me to be a general only for whole life ? "He still kept tantrums.

The dark night sky suddenly a lot more star points,  another one hundred thousand reinforcements of Eternal God,  had quietly got into the Earth's edge ...............

Equipped with large-caliber laser cannon, eternal army suddenly spread to every corner of the earth , began to shoot everywhere .

Most of Earth's army could not response and returned fire on time, the whole earth was attacked by high energy laser shelling, now full of sea of fire.

Hundreds  millions of people wailing, crying, and in this Akira swallowed by the sun, such as the power-like front, was  already avail. Yes, on the ground being bombarded almost all buildings, cultural creativity, the products of civilization, all kinds of plant and animal species, all leaving only one buried ashes.

Remained  Earth Alliance desperate resistance. But with the current military strength alone conventional weapons, was  already apparent breaks against. A lot of battleship was sunk, most of the ground fortifications nature could not be avoided. Originally China and Japan declared neutral country, and now could not be spared by the devastating attacks.

Sometimes, success really depends on one moment . If a few minutes ago, nuclear weapons and defense systems could be able to re-start, then maybe the situation was not such worst . Unfortunately, it was only because of a person's little selfish, resulting in the huge loss of life.

Fortunately, in the beginning of outbreak of war, many people had hid in the caves around the shelter or refuge. While another lucky that A12 volunteer reinforcements arrived.

The brand new laser cannon was the aggressor's latest weapon. Scorpio A12 had previously gather intelligence, but failed to find them all the way to the development of new weapons, to find that when they had reached the solar system, and ready to support eternal army.

After the central system's assessment that these invaders existing military forces of the universe enough to pose a major threat to the Union, the conclusion was the need to eliminate them immediately to prevent future trouble. Therefore decided to send volunteers to help the Earth.

In fact, these volunteers were new unmanned combat robots. Its size and firepower, fighting, were much higher than previously promised to given to Tinchi, which equipped with old style weapons only,and needed somatosensory controlled robot.

Although the Earth's communication had been interrupted, but in the A12 network, it was still able to live a clear case of the latest Earth. The earthpeople living in A12 naturally worried about the situation of the world , so many followed Tinchis action, participated the volunteered war.

Yes , Tinchi was still the lifeblood of the earth, in addition of the central system willing to send elite troops to save the Earth  the most important was the safety of all his friends and family, ultimately decided to return to Earth.

Volunteers would be responsible for dealing with the new elite reinforcements invading army, earthpeople arranged to deal with those group of lower residual firepower.

When return to Earth , all the people on earth back from the A12 gave stunned, they could not imagine that the Earth will become so hey.

Tinchi uncontrollable tears welling, mind caught in extreme disarray.

"Mom what? Atsu what, Allcorn how? Candy will not ..............." saw a sight that had not think of going, also made the worst psychological preparation.

Suddenly the sky extremely dazzling flash of blue light.

Tinchi felt a violent crashing, the whole person dizzy ...............

Tinchi knocked dizzy vomit,  and then another gust of collision friction, gradually lost consciousness.

Don't know how long a coma, only to wake up slowly, but still syncope mixed with headaches.

In the confused between the mind suddenly remembered that he and Xiao Lian had gone through fire and water, had also tried this unconscious, luckily to wake up, also met two lovely cat angel, but lively behaved Xiao Lian, been contaminated and poisoned by himself, he still owed her life debt.

Discomfort gradually receded, he tried to manipulate the robot to see if there was broken failure, fortunately still able to move. However, after two heavy blow, slow limb movements clearly up, and the hands of the laser sword lost light, seemed really to broke.

He looked surroundings, rest on every side surrounded by towering Snowy Mountains. Kept ahead in the sights sky flashed fire, the sky dyed orange, the battle seemed to be very intense.

However, they were in the place unusually calm, really could not imagine that human beings were  engaged in life and death battle.

Cockpit biological probes detected near life, and issued Bip sound, he immediately saw how to open the viewfinder.

That there were a few head of snow leopards in the vicinity. They were  being chased by chase, carried away to having all the fun and did not know at any time by alien invaders killed.

Tinchi reminded the end of movie 2012 towards of that ship to save humanity in China-made Noah's Ark, was moored in this type of mountain ravine.

"Is this the Himalayas? Would anyone do in refuge?" Tinchi thought that this should be the logical inference.

He drove the robot, half-fly half ran to try citation own suppose.

"Tinchi , you okay? Previously calling you but did not respond, and cannot track your position. That Ban eternal cunning military attack us, but they are too overconfident, have all been defeated by us ." Communications Kimura transmitted from the sound.

"I was unconscious for a while, and now in addition to a little headache, general mischief."

"That's good, that Ban eternal army suddenly disappeared, I do not know what tricks they stir, where are you ? Why cannot find you ?"

"I think my robot fails, cannot use laser sword, and I really do not know my position, I saw all the nearby Snowy Mountains. Fortunately, life detector can operate, I would like to seize the opportunity to find out if there is people hiding in the mountains. "

"But Commander requires you to rejoin for battle."

"Or you tell him about my situation  .. I really don't know my exact location, also your location. Moreover, I am very worried about the safety of my loved friend, would like to see if I can meet them."

"Well! I discuss with captains, but you have to watch yourself carefully, we do not know what next action of aggressor."

"I will, thank you, keep in touch."

Tinchi suddenly remembered, he could actually communicate by using brain waves, to consult central system , and their own position. However, several attempts still no response.

"Am I back here on earth, that the central system control and monitoring capabilities fail? Actually I arrived  A12, I don't know how the central system could learn my thoughts. Will Xiao Lian Qiwei bread installed instrument? Or that spacecraft in flight on the way, and their bodies have the same chip, unwittingly implanted in my body? "Tinchi inertia cranky.

Biological detectors sounded again. He looked , turned out to be four, same appearance to the Eternal God saw in uncle wong s home , standing before a huge cave, which continued to emit a laser into inside .

Tinchi shocked, but also did not even robots out of order , immediately flied drive past .........

An eternal god suddenly turned toward Tinchi and emitting laser gun . He quickly raised his shield for protection .

Meanwhile, a fire light shot from the inside of the cave , but the rest of Eternal God jumped up to the sky and not hit. That two small missile similar objects, such as a meteor hit the snow slopes, broke into two large red sky fireball.

The God attacking Tinchi was still aggressive, madness and continued to launch intensive fire, Tinchi of being confused rush, only to stop rather than shying avoid, but fortunately advantageous rugged mountains here,could find some cover, free from hit.

That crazy God suddenly stopped offensive. Tinchi secretly monitored , found its abdomen transmitter, kept collision with a spark, but no light beam emitted.

"It must be broken, or out of ammunition." Tinchi pushed cable with.

Looked up and down about there was no other enemies, but the statue looked like a milk impish, suddenly rushed  jump into Tinchi s eyes, stared in the robot also kick in the stomach,  both man and machine to scroll to a flash white but sluggish glacier.

This attack, ignited Tinchis anger.

The aggressor again came into force, estimated His weapons had failed.

"Opportunity is coming" Tinchi alerted.

Tinchi saw the statue did not have any protection on its bodys middle line  , immediately hit comic boxing into its chest even dozen, the loud noise like the instant then felt to the ground , chest also blasted a hole , inside the circuit board clearly visible.

Tinchi also stared, think the Wing Chun punch , also could apply in a robot, and had such a great power.

"Who says the Chinese kung fu useless?" Tinchi little carried away,  ignored the eyes of the eternal religion reinforcements.

A row of laser gun fire without mercy came, but fortunately escaped agile . He saw numerous, immediately flee the scene to escape.

Stumbled escape ah fled, panic felt a strong burning behind a stock flow, burning pain get into the heart. Robots also gradually lost momentum.

The most troublesome and the most hateful, the cabin emergency alarm sounded the same, which meaned that the robot would explode in a short disintegration. In other words, he had to open the door to escape at once .

Unfortunately, the door actually stuck broken. No matter how he rammed kicked, the door was still intact.

Tinchi again glimpse death approaching ...............

Death can be so close, yet so far away.

Cardiopulmonary been torn torture, involuntary accompanied by strong airflow onto the air, but impartial, falling into a small ice lake. Sense of suffocation in water forced Tinchi  tour chaos exhausted strength indiscriminate logging, and finally to the lake, and finally won this bout death battle.

At that time several statues of eternal enemy had disappeared . Exhausted  body began to twitch violently up. This time he was extremely painful, on the one hand felt back large-scale burning, hand biting wind blowing over the waves, the two parties that would blend the heartbreaking pain, Tinchi of wanton husky only limp to the ground moan.

Wind accompanied with an irregular round shape albino fog lunged, weak as he was dying yellow ants, swarmed to an unconscious bitterness hit more sour.

It shared the latent subconscious like sleeping for centuries as volcanic eruptions like sleeping quietly and burst. That sly red lava, surrounded his body every micron of blood vessels, burning with every minute of vascular cells, inhibition of each of his next breath.

Earlier life experiences had been set up by one grid super slow replay. Parents divorced, was forced to drop out of school, business failure, to the most recent contamination exhausted Xiao . He suddenly startled to realize that everything was from myself, responsibility. Simply wandering around just escapism, many critics just hide his incompetence. A12 central system that must be wrong, because people singing better than him could found everywhere in the world , without much effort to transfer myself to a straight planet to teach singing skills. See himself, dared to save the Earth, but the final result only got seriously injured.

He regretted just desperate to survive, he should dive in the water trapped a few minutes. Perhaps it would be very uncomfortable few minutes, but after that would be forever free.

Thought here, he started crying aloud . His life had never been such a disintegration, this put all the way long been repressed spiritual stagnation, from this small volcanic explosion was the heavens to crack gap.

Brain gradually became strong to stay fans, the skin gradually lost pain, fainting was still slightly to listen to someone was  approaching. But this moment he had physically very weak, a three year old child could easily finish him.

Earlier he remembered a very popular television oratorios, several trapped in the ice and snow, cold and hunger of three big boys in the animal instincts of the original sin, the pain actually lay violent hands, cruel seriously injured after the fall of the good friends eaten.

Understand that the earth experienced like this , the remaining people will be nothing to eat, hungry. If you then encountered a dying man, to do things like that, it was understandable. Moreover, at present had neither the capacity, nor want to make any resistance, which was perhaps his only contribution and value.

Confused sense that these people really took him up, the body also seemed to be a few acupuncture, soon completely lost consciousness ............

Another dramatic awakening.

But this time was different, Tinchis consciousness completely detached from the whole world.

Transfixed watching that little glimmer lit only by huge black cave wall, he had neither curiosity, did not panic.  body only back and forth, and giggle, mouth  oozing saliva.

"He and other victims as traumatic psychosis do?" Tinchi just for diagnosis and treatment by Dr. Zhang, to the authority of the clinical psychologist Dr.Wang , ask her about the cause of his dementia. "

"Look again be determined, do not rule out he suffered a concussion, but unfortunately for him, there cannot do brain scan." Dr. Wang was still gentle voice.

"He should be given another shot by those ghosts, this group of invaders to get us to live in a cave." Dr. Zhang angry.

"We can survive, we should be grateful of." Dr. Wang sweet smile.

"So many victims of suffering such psychological problems, waiting for your treatment, you are too busy and cannot sleep, but you can still have the spirit of laughing and then, and so optimistic, really admire you."

"Too prize, you are very hard too ." She smiled.

Tinchi was still no response, or even completely ignore those around him for the prevention of bacterial infection after burn baked promote tape, still only just kept dangling unconscious, indulged in these completely pointless action .

Suddenly there was a very emotional victims, Dr. Wang quickly ran over control.

Dr. Zhang looked at Tinchi , cannot help but shook her head. Reluctantly turned and went to another body burned up to three into two dying patients, observed the latest situation.

 After diagnosis of Tinchi was not serious burned , primarily in the back, there was no life-threatening.

Unfortunately, in theosophy, and had undergone a very serious problem. Because the brain caused by the earthquake, or lurking a long time, just waiting for a bunch of medicine-detonated lesions was not known.

Tinchi crotch wet a sudden, apparently lost control of urine consciousness, he laughed.

There was a woman near the same time, Don't know whether it was delusion behavioral effects, even toward Tinchi of ignorance, but also hugged him.

Two doctors had been entangled with other patients, did not perceive this woman move.

The woman hold him tightly , but he only Jin giggle.

This woman was also from Hong Kong, the same problem of mentally , often talking to herself. In fact, experienced after the catastrophe, most people who survived lost their homes, wealth, loved ones. So there were as many as sixty percent of people, had been varying degrees of mental or psychological problems.

Then Dr. Wang awared of this situation, and hurried back to stop. But that woman was very strong, palm to push down her.

Other staff immediately ran inside the cave support, and ultimately to a few co-handedly put her tied to uniforms to her.

Woman's emotions calmed down a bit, but still kept Tinchi stare , while also showing a hint of Tinchi of surprised expression, but also kept on gazing.

"Dr. Wang, you find one thing ?"

"Dr. Zhang, I also found the same thing, but I dont know whether you are talking about."

Two doctors looked carefully two patients again spontaneously.

"They are exactly the same eyes really be born," Dr. Zhang could not help but exclaim ..................

A ravine in the Tianshan Mountains, the most secluded caves, refugees  may temporarily fleeing war.

With the support of  A12 volunteers , Eternal military retreated , stepping spent force.

Tinchi, under the care of two doctors and intensive drug treatment, the body burns gradually recovered. But because it was not in a well-equipped  hospital, no any skin graft surgery equipment, so he's back, long a large irregularly shaped, you can clearly see the flesh, a disgusting ugly scars.

These days were given sedatives, analgesics, antibiotics occupy. His life, in addition to porridge to drink outside, was asleep.

As for the appearance and somewhat similar to Tinchi of crazy women, unfortunately, had acute renal failure, forever. In order to avoid the spread of germs corpse, so hastily put her away for cremation.

Failure to perform DNA testing, they did not conclude whether they had any relative relationship, then became a fan forever inextricably linked.

Rehabilitation of mentally speed on Tinchi was much slower than the body , in addition to improving the absurdity of the original act arbitrarily urine, he still seemed sober witted, body stiff.

Dr. Wang said fairy tale to Tinchi as usual . now his situation as same as a little boy, like just entering kindergarten, needed mother reading  stories to calm sleep.

"You took too much time in him , you see, there is no progress. Youd better to spend more time in others!" Dr. Zhang told her as usual admonitions.

"I am confident that he will recover, because I see through his mind."

"What?"

"Tell you later, you temporarily treat him a spoiled child!

Pretty doctor put him into her arms as usual, really Tinchi voluntarily, with asleep.

One day, stationed in the cave of the Earth Alliance received a telephone call, issued along with a countless number of exciting days of the excited cheers. Yes, the invading army had declared unconditional surrender, also signed a treaty , immediate unconditional withdrawal and compensation, and promised to send unarmed personnel to assist in the reconstruction of the Earths destroyed places.

"We will soon be able to go home ! We win " The cave became a carnival, singing, dancing, champagne, clapping, mingled with the roar of excitement. Most people suddenly realized that, peace was the greatest wealth.

Completely indifferent to peace, and the extent of spoiled more powerful every day, Dr. Wang often cuddle him. Embracing each time when, Tinchi would always be tempting to put nose against Dr. Wangs short hair with a little fragrance, after a few vigorous breathing, simply put the body limp in her arms.

Dr. Wang would like to coax the baby-like pat him on the back. Dr. Zhang every time seeing these moves, heart always ignite some of the inexplicable undetermined origin.

Step away from the cave, then sprinkle the victims, their return to their old haunt. At present, only the injured patients, including Tinchi and so on. On the other hand ,The A12's volunteers, were constantly around the world, searching for the whereabouts of Tinchi .

On this day, Kimura and several other fighting robot,  came to the Tianshan Mountains area ...............

Representatives of A12, this day together with the five permanent members of the UN Summit on the First convention about the post-war aftermath. Of course, the most important thing was to introduce the mode of operation of the Universe Union system, and associated members.

The meeting was attended, in addition to these summit. A12 also sent a just decision immigrant past Earth girl. Earlier this girl became newsmakers, would be responsible as the Earth Dance professor and teach A12 human dancing, and would make this summit as a Goodwill Ambassador, and to speak.

At this time all the satellites had been repaired, the Earth's communication network gradually restored. But of course from the return of pre-war conditions, there was still a very long way to go.

Conference broadcast live, when the moment A12 messenger appeared, global audience were all in an uproar.

"Hello everyone, if you have the impression, you should recognize me." She was wearing a low-cut evening noble dress, deviated high on both sides of the skirt, put the slender legs revealed.

Some viewers remembered that she had be one of eternal leader of Hong Kong, had also kidnapped the richest man in the city as  hostage. Later, after the police rescued the richest man in Hong Kong, she unaccounted for.

"I've been hypnotized by the Eternal God, had become their puppet. Hesitate to help them Evangelical missionary, attracted nearly killing of more woe. That time I was shot and wounded by police, after I do not know how long coma. To my woke up,  has been living in Scorpio A12. Initially I stumbled, then there is a local female messenger, telling me there is a migration to already here on earth, constantly pleading must rescue me and brought me here. "Candy deep breath, sighed again.

"The female messenger told me  if I am willing to migrate to A12,  that guy will be willing to give up his ROA of A12.I dont know why that person compel me to emigrate to this planet . Besides, I live in an unprovoked and totally unfamiliar environment in mind simply had to be afraid. "

"Then the messenger said the man repeatedly told her my past life , more cruel to tell me, my parents, my brother, there are a lot of good friends, have given ......... woo ..." Candy bit her lip.

After about two minutes, her mood slightly calmer.

"The man said to them, the planet would fit my life and career, hope I will come back to life, he also revealed the way I love dancing very much, where can become my career, play to my strengths. Their I have estimated to whom he is, so person know my heritage, must be my ex-boyfriend, but unfortunately, even this planet also dont know where he was, only that he joined the volunteers, unfortunately was shot down by enemy attack, missing ............ I .................. woo ... "

"Yeah! Yeah!"

Stayed in Macao Kiang Wu Hospital psychiatric wards Tinchi , watching live TV, and somehow sent shrieking ...............

Dr. Wang was actually a Macau Kiang Wu Hospital psychiatric primary care doctor, because Hong Kong's hospitals had widely been destroyed, Dr. Wang found Tinchis nationality from his identity card, decided to bring him back to Macau, where from Hong Kong in close proximity, the war had not been severely damaged, Macau, could bring him to accept a better treatment.

After checking under magnetic resonance, he really suffered brain damage when the estimate was being made eternal military attack. However, after her careful and meticulous care of his sanity gradually stabilized , and less child like behavior .

Tinchi also began to tell her his story. But he could not remember things since he began wandering after, including the day of coexistence and Xiao Lian, and went A12 planet.

As Kimura,  his troops had visited  the cave which Tinchi Stayed before  , but unfortunately a step late, people all gone and  the hole empty. And naturally, A12 central systems assumed that he had passed away, so he decided to replace Candy residents quotas.

That sudden shouting Tinchi , Dr. Wang for his immediate sedated.

But several health care workers had no control over him, the surroundings began to blur even more shocks, all sounds more abrupt stop.

Fantasy and reality was no longer a parallel move, but reached a crossed point, but this taught his occlusion and brain cells could not be controlled together.

In front of Dr. Wang, medical staff gradually decompose gone in Tinchi s eyes. His brain had temporarily lost any idea that the mind could not be a continuation of that unfinished space and time, then he only knew was to run and run !

Tinchi, formerly known as Zhang, diagnosed three years ago with schizophrenia and social adjustment disorder, was thrown into a mental hospital  independent isolation ward.

Between these six months, he kept acting some people cannot understand : first imitation cycling starts, sometimes like in a fight. The latter would like to get on the plane, so the action will mimic a gun.

Yes, he took advantage of his acts to the interpretation of the creation of his mind, we previously read eighty four chapters stories that containing some fragments of his life and some of his others seem unrealistic changes in vision for the future of the world. Unfortunately, no one knew he was in the creation story, otherwise if it is written down, it will be a short to medium-length, but don't know whether it will be welcomed and popular science fiction.

To dream, how far you can reach ? Maybe for his life ideal, perhaps really go too far, too inflexible. Only lead to such a mental illness, but also makes the sane when he has gone out, have all really loved his girlfriend: Xiao Lian and Candy, have no choice but to leave him.

As for his detailed biography, and cause all sorts of schizophrenic experience I will separate in another two fictions.

He ran away and in the end to get where ? Temporarily no one knows. Online once in a while out of Shenzhen Lianhua Mountain Park shoot video: a bearded, disheveled man in the park imitate Leslie Cheungs red dress, singing and dancing madness, and beside him there is a bicycle and a large backpack , that person call himself  Tinchi , but after that there have been no further.




The End









