Year of the Dead
by
Jack J. Lee
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2010
All rights reserved
Version V
Editors:
Jynna Gillispie
Deck Deckert
Edit911
Secondary Editors:
Paul Gross
Melvin Liff
Bonnie Liff

Smashwords Edition, License Notes.

Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

Books written by Jack J. Lee can be obtained either through the authors official website:
http://www.jackjlee.com or through select, online book retailers.


Vampires and Zombies, oh my heck!
Anonymous survivor, Salt Lake City, Utah

Dedication:
I could never have written this book without the support of my wife. Rose, I love you. Thank you for being willing to put up with all my obsessions. Without you, this book would not be possible.
I would like to thank all my friends and family who were willing to read my book in its unedited form with all my mistakes. Im grateful that you were willing to listen to me go on and on about my ideas. Dad, Mike, Bill, Brandon, and James, your comments and suggestions mattered.
 Bart, without you, so many details of this book would have been wrong. Thanks for being such a good sport.
Jason, you and I both know how lost I would have been without your technical help.
George as always, I depend on you.
My manuscript was greatly improved by Jynna Gillispie, Deck Deckert of A-1 Editing Service, and the editors of Edit911.
Without my beta-readers, Paul Gross, Melvin Liff, and Bonnie Liff there would be a lot more typos and errors in this book.
Jack J. Lee

Prologue: Mark Jones, September 14th, Year 1
Crushing a throat is not as easy as it might seem. The thyroid cartilagethe medical term for the Adams applecan wiggle or move out of the way if you dont hit it just right. An off-angle hit will just move it, causing moderate pain and a gag reflex. When fighting something stronger and faster than you, youre playing the percentages; you dont have time to waste on a blow that may only be annoying. Id already hit the vampire with enough force to knock down a human, but it hadnt budged. So instead of trying to crush the vampires throat, I chose to rip it out.
If you grab the Adams apple like I was planning to, its exposed without bone or muscle protecting it. In positioning my right hand as if reaching for a cup, I imagined I was reaching for the vamps spinal cord, placing my thumb to one side of its Adams apple and my fingers to the other side. It was charging at me as fast as it could. I went into the classic thrust position of fencingleft leg pointing straight behind me, left knee locked, and left foot braced perpendicular to the line of my leg. My shoulders were in line with my legsright arm straight, elbow locked, and shoulder positioned so the entire weight of my body was supporting my arm.
The force of my braced body hit the resistance of the vamps throat. The momentum of its charge helped push my fingers and thumb deep into its neck between the thyroid cartilage and the muscles on either side. Im only human, so my fingers bounced off the vamps spinal cord, but by then, it had realized that something was wrong. That bounce allowed me to flex my fingers and grip the thyroid cartilage from behind and, as the vamp instinctively pulled away, I ripped the thyroid cartilage out. A burst of arterial blood drenched my face. I had torn one of the vampires carotid arteries along with its throat.
The vamp I was fighting had been expecting easy prey. It had no reason to believe I would be different from any other human it had encountered. Having its throat pulled out stunned it and gave me the few seconds I needed to wrap my left hand around the back of its head, grabbing its chin from behind. With the palm of my right hand on the far side of its chin, I rolled the vampires head back, extending and twisting my whole body. If the vamp hadnt been stunned, or if it had resisted me, I dont think I could have snapped its spine. Its hesitation gave me the split second I needed as I rotated its head. Once Id turned his head around backwards, I felt a sharp snap. The vamp went limp. Yesterday, I would have stopped at this point but a lot had happened in the last day and I was paranoid. Yesterday, I didnt believe in vampires and now I was killing one.
Im a product of American pop culture. Ive read vampire books and watched vampire movies. According to some of the books, you have to spike a vampires heart with a wooden stake and cut off its head to be sure its dead. So I kept twisting the vamps head like it was the cap on a cheap bottle of wine. The resistance against the twisting at first increased a lot, then suddenly decreased. I got out a folding knife and cut its head off. By then, the vamps neck muscles, ligaments, and bones had been severely traumatized. It was easy to cut off its head. Its body was hot to touch. Instead of the normal 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit for a human, it felt like it was at least 120 degrees.
I looked around. I didnt see a piece of wood that I could use as a stake. Last summer I visited Teotihuacan, the ruins near Mexico City. The guide I hired at the time took particular pleasure in describing how the Totonac priests, who had built this city, cut the hearts out of the sacrificial victims. The guide explained that the Aztecs came after the Totonac and learned how to cut out hearts from them. Remembering what the guide described, I took my knife and cut between the left third and fourth ribs. I reached with both hands into the cut and pulled up and out on the ribs. The rib cage is designed to resist compression forces or blows from the outside, but not to resist forces from the inside. The ribs pulled out with surprising ease. I cut out the exposed heart. With its head cut off and its heart outside its body, I was sure this vamp wasnt going to reanimate.
I suddenly realized that my whole body was trembling. I slowly lowered myself to the ground. My legs were weak and it was either sit down or fall down. I had blood on my hands, face, neck and chest. I think some blood got into my eye, and none of that blood was mine. Man, I hope that whatever bug, virus, or bacteria creates vamps is in its saliva not its blood or else Im screwed.
I knew I should be washing the blood off me right away but all I could do was shake. 

Chapter 1: Zutar Probe, October 5th, Year 0
The Zutar Environment Sustainability Species Protection (ESSP) probe went into Earth Orbit on October 5th. It sent a message back to its base station it was overdue for resupply and a maintenance overhaul. The same message had been sent for millions of years without a response. The AI controlling the ESSP reasoned the Zutar were most likely extinct. Their extinction did not affect its mission or its programmed need to send updates on a regular basis.
The probe had been in continuous operation for 40.89 million yearsthe last 39 million without maintenance or new supplies. Its batteries were losing ability to hold a charge. It had supplies for just one more mission. The ESSP studied Earth according to its programmed directives.
Its primary directive was to study the biology and chemistry of all planets that could sustain intelligent life. Earth had one sapient species, Homo Sapiens/humans. Human settlements engulfed 90% of the planets land mass. Human technology depended on the unsustainable use of hydrocarbons and nuclear fission without the ability to eliminate toxic waste products. The likelihood of human extinction due to environmental degradation within ten human generations was 91.02%. The probability of concurrent mass extinctions of other Earth flora and fauna was 97.3%.
The probes secondary directive was to preserve distinct and unique planetary environments and biodiversity. There were too many humans on Earth. For its biosphere to survive, the number of humans needed to drop from 6.8 billion to less than 100 million.
The final directive was to use the least intrusive method possible for all interventions. If genetic manipulation was required, end results had to be consistent with indigenous biology. The existence of other more advanced civilizations must be kept hidden. It was best for aboriginal cultures to believe they were alone; as such, interventions had to be consistent with the original culture.
The probe accessed electronic human media. It discovered that humans entertained themselves with stories of massive human die-offs. Numerous books and movies described zombie outbreaks ending human civilization. The AI determined a zombie plague was the most effective way to achieve its three directives. 

Chapter 2: Mark Jones, September 13th, Year 1
My name is Mark Jones. Im a 46-year-old trust-fund baby, living in Sugar House, Utah, an older suburb of Salt Lake City. I lost my parents when I was 22 and ever since Ive had a trust fund that paid me 300 thousand dollars a year.
The only reason to work is because you need the money. I dont need the money. Im not interested in getting a job and I am always looking for something to distract me. One of the ways I distract myself is by taking on projects that use up a lot of time, like running a 100-mile race. The most famous 100-mile race in Utah is the Wasatch 100a hundred-mile, 5700-feet-of-elevation-gain-trail run that goes from Layton to Sundance every September. My goal was to run the race in less than 30 hours.
For the last six months I had been spending from 30 to 50 hours a week running the mountain trails around Salt Lake and Park City. My respect for the guys, who do this kind of stuff, while working and having families, went up a lot. After eight hours of running in the mountains surrounded by some of the most spectacular scenery in the world, all I wanted to do when I got home was to eat a huge meal, drink one or two beers, watch a documentary from the History Channel I had TiVod, and go to sleep. It was one of the most Zen periods of my life.
While I was training, I didnt read a newspaper, surf the web, or watch the news. When I needed a break Id call some friends and go out to a B-grade action movie and/or a sports bar. There wasnt much call at a movie or sports bar to talk about current events.
On September 10th and 11th, I ran the Wasatch 100. I had heard great things about how well-supported the race was. It wasnt. There was hardly any support and there were surprisingly few runners; it took me 25 hours and 32 minutes to complete the race. I had trained properly so the lack of support wasnt a big issue. Afterwards I went home and slept almost continuously for 48 hours.
My home was built in the 1950s. Its one of those post-World War II brick homes with real hardwood floors, a detached garage and a small fenced-in back yard. I had 1000 feet of finished space on the main floor; a small cubbyhole of a finished attic that could have been, but never was, used as a guest bedroom; and a finished basement that I used as my bedroom. I bought the house ten years ago and for the first six years I spent all my time working on the house.
In the basement I have no windows. I generally sleep whenever I am tired, which as often as not is during the day. After the Wasatch 100, all I did was sleep, occasionally getting up to drink some Gatorade, eat some cold pasta out of the can, and go to the bathroom. Two days later I felt human. I looked at the alarm clock and it was 10 a.m. Id had enough of the darkness and wanted to see the sunlight. I got out of bed, threw on my robe and went to my upstairs kitchen. The only place I have to sit is a single stool next to the island. I have a coffee maker and a small laptop I use to surf the news. These two appliances were the only things I used on the main floor.
I made some coffee and started up the laptop for the first time in months. My Yahoo homepage didnt come up. I checked my wireless signal strength and it was good. After working on this for a few minutes and getting frustrated for the first time since Id walked upstairs, I looked out my windows. What the fuck! My entire neighborhood looked like a set from a zombie movie. There was a car turned over in front of my house, multiple car wrecks, a house three doors down looked like it had been burned, and I saw two of my neighbors in zombie costume wandering in the street.
Because of where I live, I couldnt escape the fact that all three High School Musicals were filmed in Utah. It is cheaper to shoot films here than in California but it had to be expensive as hell to set up a zombie scene on a residential street, much less burn down a house. I couldnt get my home page to work or log onto the Salt Lake Tribune or Deseret News websites to find out what was happening, so I put in a Google search for the terms zombie and Sugar House, Utah. The only thing that came up were articles that had been cached and all those articles were about zombie outbreaks. I was thinking that this had to be a joke. I have some acquaintances that had the IT know-how to mess with my home network, but we werent good enough friends for them to bother playing an elaborate prank on me. I read some of the articles. It was an incredibly detailed batch of fake archived news stories about a zombie outbreak that had started in Africa and spread throughout the world.
These articles were intense. They were labeled as being from Fox News, the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal and a bunch of other papers whose names I didnt recognize. I remember when that indie movie, The Blair Witch Project came out. One of the coolest things about that movie was the website that gave the background to the movie. This website had eye witness reports, blogs, newspaper articles and everything else you could think of, giving the appearance of a real documentary. Everyone I knew that had checked out the website before the movie went to see it. Some production company had obviously decided to do The Blair Witch Project with a lot more money. This was too involved and cost too much money to be a prank.
One of the first things I did when I started working on my house was to install one of the best surveillance systems on the market. The cameras outside my house are all disguised. I have enough hard drive space dedicated to these cameras to hold about a weeks worth of video.
I thought it would be cool to observe the movie crew setting up in my neighborhood so I logged on to my laptop and backed up to the surveillance tapes on September 11th to when I had come home from the race and then fast-forwarded the video from then. September 11th; hmm, I thought the producers of this movie were pushing the boundaries of taste in choosing this date. An hour into the video replay, I realized I had just missed being awake for the show. I saw neighbors coming out of their homes with their bags and loading up their cars and trucks within minutes of each other.
Wow, this was realistic. I wondered why I hadnt been contacted to take part in the filming. Everyone was leaving at the same time. There were quite a few people who looked sick, were moving slowly or were getting help from relatives to get into their vehicles. I saw a traffic jam form in a cul-de-sac in a quiet residential neighborhood street. I couldnt believe the amount of detail that was being put into this movie. None of these people were professional actors. They were clearly my neighbors. I was really surprised by the quality of the acting. Everyone, including kids like 6-year-old Sarah from a few doors down, was in character.
Even though there was no sound, I was really enjoying the show. I made a note to myself not to overwrite this footage. The traffic jam had cleared and there were only a few neighbors left in their homes. Most of those were also packing up their cars and getting ready to leave when the zombie attack started. It occurred over a period of minutes, but all the people who looked sick started attacking everyone else. With all the biting and the screaming, it was just like a Romero movie. One ladyMary somebodywas swarmed by five zombies and was knocked off her feet right in front of my house. The zombies started devouring her. This was hilarious and really well acted. Most surveillance cameras take such low quality video that facial features can barely be recognized. My cameras take high-def video.
The zombies were all over Mary and I was having problems seeing all the details of the attack. I expanded the screen shot so I could see her face and part of her right shoulder. I didnt know her too well. Id say hello when I saw her in the neighborhood. I didnt know she was a professional actress. I couldnt believe she was an amateur because she really looked hysterical. Then I saw it. One of the zombies bit off her nose. This was sick; I mean its ok to bite a neck or an arm, but disfigurement of someones face, even in a movie? Thats just wrong. This was sick enough to watch again.
As I watched the scene again, I got a sick feeling in the pit of my stomach. This wasnt the fascinated, entertained sick feeling Id had moments before. I had this kind of sensation just once before in my life, when I was in college. I had walked into a party at a friends apartment. The first thing I focused on was two guys with facial hair on a couch, French-kissing. I had grown up in Ohio; this was the first time I had ever seen two guys making out, and man, were they making out. I must have stood there for a few seconds before my conscious mind could remind me that what they were doing was ok, I was personally ok with it and I needed to move on. To this day I remember that feeling I had in the pit of my stomach. Since then Ive seen other gay men making out without ever getting the same response. This was the first time since then that I had that same sick feeling.
I reversed the video again, watching the zombie bite off Marys nose one more time. I no longer felt sick; I was terrified. The kind of special effects it took to simulate the blood coming from Marys wound, and the appearance of that wound, could only be done with CGI. This wasnt CGI. This was real.
I focused my eyes away from my laptop to the street outside my window. Less than 50 feet from me, there were two zombies walking slowly on my sidewalk. They looked like my neighbors the Harrisons, but a deadened, deranged version of that retired couple. For the last hour or so I had been sitting in my tighty-whities and a bathrobe, less than 50 feet away from the zombies, with just a couple of double-paned, thermally efficient windows between me and them.
So why hadnt they seen me? I dont have curtains on any of my windows. It dawned on me the sun was shining on my windows facing the street. The glare from my windows was probably making it difficult to see into my kitchen. Shit; I had come upstairs around 10 a.m. My laptop now said it was 11:12. The closer it got to noon, the less glare I would have on my windows. I had to get out of the kitchen and back downstairs but I had to do it silently and make sure I didnt need to come back up for awhile. Zombie eyes are probably like humans in being drawn to motion. My sitting here unmoving in front of the laptop was probably as important as the glare from my windows in keeping me hidden from them.
As slowly as I could, I moved off of my stool and back toward the door to the bedroom stairs. When I hunt, I try not to look at the deer directly. Instead, I use the corners of my eyes to keep them in sight for as long as possible. You would think it wouldnt matter how you looked at an animal, or for that matter, a human, but a lot of hunters will tell you that animals can tell if someone is staring at them. If you stare at a woman in a bar, she will almost always meet your gaze. All I know is that I have a better chance of bagging a deer if I track it with my peripheral vision than when I stare at it directly. I dont know if zombies are the same as deer, but why take chances? I kept an eye on the zombies in front of my house through my peripheral vision.
For the first time since I had gotten upstairs, I scanned all the windows of my house on the main floor. It is basically one room, so the windows on all sides of my house were visible. My backyard and two side yards were empty. I had left the door to my bedroom stairs open, which made it easier for me to slip inside. I closed the door slowly, moving it a couple of inches every minute. I had no place to go, so I had all the time in the world to get this done right. Visible motion was my enemy. If I was seen, I would die. 

Chapter 3: Mark Jones, September 13th, Year 1
After I closed the door and locked it, I went downstairs and immediately pulled up all my surveillance cameras in real-time. My 60-inch flat screen was big enough to show me what was in view of every camera around my house. I had made sure when I installed them that there were no blind spots.
The only zombie action by the house was in the street. In order to protect the privacy of my neighbors, I had purposely not aimed cameras into any of their homes. I now wished I had. I made sure the alarms on my doors and windows were on, and made sure to turn down the alarm volume. I had installed the alarm system myself. I could choose three settings: one setting was the typical high-decibel alarm which, if it went off, would likely bring every zombie within hearing distance to my house; another caused the bedroom light to turn on and flicker without sound; the last would cause Vanilla Ices song Ice Ice Baby to come on at low volume. This was a song I normally would never play. I set my alarm to Vanilla Ice.
I went to the wet bar next to my futon and poured myself double bourbon on the rocks. I always knew I was a self-absorbed bastard, but I never thought Id be so self-involved I would miss the end of the world. Looking back on the last few weeks I could see people had been discussing the zombie outbreaks around me, but I hadnt noticed. None of the people I had talked to in the past month, including the guys I had gone to bars with since the problems had started, had been close enough friends for me to care about what they were sayingto actually listen instead of faking it. I hadnt dated anyone, much less slept with anyone, for the past six months. Almost every woman I had ever dated called me narcissistic, and I knew I was a little. I now realized using the adjective little was like calling Mount Everest small.
I opened up a corner of my flat screen to my DirecTV. This allowed me to keep an eye on my outside camera views. I tried to pull up local TV stations. There was no signal. I tried CNN, Fox, Headline News, and every other news channel. I got nothing. HBO and Showtime were still showing movies, as was the Playboy Channel. The History Channel was still on. It looked as if only the channels that were pre-programmed were on. Every channel or network that required live humans was off the air.
I went to my stereo and turned the radio on. I got static on all the FM channels I had pre-set. I tuned the radio to the two NPR stations in Salt Lake City and got an American Emergency Broadcast signal. The only signal I got on an AM channel was a repeat loop recording that listed all the local emergency centers that people in the Salt Lake region were supposed to go to. The closest emergency center to my house was the local high school.
I got back on Google. I put in the search terms zombie outbreak that had been updated in the last six months and got millions of hits. Almost all of the hits were cached, meaning the original websites were down and these had been replicated on Google servers. It took me about an hour to write a C# program that automatically copied all these files onto my own hard drive. Ive taken a few computer classes and I would never claim to be a programmer, but I can put together a program for something as simple as automating mouse clicks. I have always had a ridiculous amount of digital memory at my house, bought to store thousands of movie files I had never bothered to use. I didnt know how long Google would be up. I wanted to make sure I could get access to what Google had amassed, even if Google went down.
My house is unusual for three reasons: 
1. Im a guy.
2. I have more money than I need.
3. I am always looking for ways to kill time.
I bought my house right around the time that global warming became a big deal. To tell you the truth, Im agnostic about whether global warming is real or not and I dont really care. But I like fiddling with interesting technology, and renewable energy is interesting. After I bought my house I put in an array of solar panels and solar water heaters that took up my entire back yard and the roof of my 2.5-car garage. I dug up my entire back yard and put in an underground storage facility I call my lair. I had room for a 20,000-gallon cistern, a fully stocked woodworking shop, and some basic metal working equipment. Because of my solar panels, I didnt need a geothermal heating unit but since I put in a well, I had one installed. I even went independent in my use of the internet. I didnt use a phone or cable line; I had satellite internet access.
I was never a survivalist; I never thought there would an apocalypse. By sheer coincidence, my house had become the perfect place to survive a zombie outbreak.
I logged back on to my outside surveillance video footage. This time I didnt focus on Mary. I knew how that story would end. I paid attention to which houses on the street were homes the families had evacuated on-time and those that were not. Some of my attacked neighbors had guns. Everyone with a gun got a couple shots off, with mixed effects, but was soon taken down by zombies.
About a half-hour after the start of the zombie attack on my neighborhood, a cop car with lights flashing arrived. By this time, all my neighbors had multiple zombies on top of them. The driver used his pistol to shoot at some zombies, but he missed. Another cop was in the passenger seat shooting an AR-15 out the window. He almost always shot a zombie in the head. He was an amazing shot. I forgot about keeping quiet; I started cheering, Come on man, kill them all! The driver never stopped. He drove 20 to 30 miles an hour, knocking down zombies, and running over the people they were attacking. I dont know if he was doing this on purpose but he was probably doing the people a favor.
Being run over didnt seem to faze the zombies but, for the most part, it put people out of their miseries, either by killing them or sending them into shock. If these creatures were anything like the movie zombies, one bite meant death and all the people he ran over had been bitten. Once the cop reached the cul-de-sac, he dropped his gun and did a bootlegger spin. His pistol wasnt a loss because I dont think he had hit a single zombie. All the while his partner was blowing zombie after zombies head off. The cop car blew out of the street going at least 50 when it passed the stop sign. It didnt stop. Man, I hope those guys survived.
The zombies that were still standing all had their mouths open like they were screaming and most of them tottered slowly after the cop car. Within a few minutes, all the zombies that were capable of walking had left my street following the car, except the ones still gnawing on my ex-neighbors. The zombies that stayed were all clean-platers, chewing every bit of flesh off my neighbors bodies. When they got to the bones, they chewed on them like they were dogs. Many of them were smashing my neighbors skulls against the concrete sidewalk until the skulls burst open, and then scooping bits of brain out with their hands or just burying their mouths into the open skulls. They seemed to particularly like brains. A couple of zombies had eaten so much, their bellies looked like they were about to explode.
Within a surprisingly short period of time, all trace of my neighbors was gone. The zombies with distended abdomens left, but new ones who were still hungry kept coming into view and started eating the zombies who had just had their heads shot off by the cop. I didnt see any instances of an animated zombie attacking another animated zombie, but it looked like dead ones were fair game. The sharpshooter cop had killed close to 20 zombies. Less than two hours later, all those were eaten.
Once all the free food was gone, the zombie population on my street dropped to just the Harrisons and one other zombie that I didnt recognize. My street had been full of pet dogs and cats. Any time one of these pets showed up on my cameras, the zombies gave a slow motion chase after them and then about an hour later were back on my street. Most of the rest of the footage just showed the three zombies walking up and down my neighborhood. I fast-forwarded through the boring parts but then noticed that the zombies disappeared from view from about 1 to 4 two nights in a row. It looked like zombies slept.
I was close to the end of the video when I heard gunshots outside my house. I switched to a real-time view on my cameras. The Harrisons and the third zombie, who I had named Bob, took off from view. For about 45 minutes I heard shot after shot. It almost sounded like a machine gun was being fired. Thousands of rounds had to have been shot by the time the shooting stopped. I hoped the poor bastards that were shooting did ok. I wish I could say I had to fight off the urge to grab my rifle and go out and try to help; I wasnt even tempted. Some years back, I bought a Springfield M1A, a civilian version of the US military firearm used in the Korean War, because I thought it would be fun to shoot. Around the same time I bought a Glock pistol and a Smith & Wesson revolver. After a few months of shooting I lost interest in guns but I never got rid of them.
I had seen the cops shoot down close to 20 zombies and saw how little that got them. Shooting a gun would bring every single zombie within hearing distance. In a suburb like Sugar House, this probably meant thousands of zombies. If I was going to survive killing a zombie, I needed to do it silently so I wouldnt get swarmed. I couldnt be certain, because I didnt have sound on my cameras, but it looked like when a zombie was hunting, it screamed. When the Harrisons and Bob took off just now, they had their mouths open. This meant if I was attacked, I would need to have either a fast way of getting away or would need to kill every zombie in sight very quickly. I had enough food in my house to last me a few weeks, but sooner or later, I would need to leave my lair and look for food.
I kept my cameras on real-time views of my empty street while I started reading some of the more relevant Google hits Id gotten on the zombie outbreak. According to some articles in January, a foundation run by a software billionaire, along with the World Health Organization, announced that there had been a breakthrough in AIDS research and they were going to start human trials in Kenya. Shortly afterwards, there were rumors being spread by Muslim imams that these vaccines were killing people, and after they died they were reanimating from their graves. These were the same bozos who a few years ago had been telling Muslim Kenyans to avoid getting polio vaccines because they were made with pig by-products, so not much attention was given to it at first. But then, fuzzy poor-quality cell phone videos began to be posted on YouTube, showing people being attacked by zombies. The software billionaire hadnt gotten rich by being stupid or slow, so he started disassociating himself from the vaccine and pledged multiple billions to help counteract the side-effect of the vaccine. This pissed off the UN bureaucrats that ran the WHO and a PR war started between the billionaire and the bureaucrats. This press-release war distracted the news media for a few weeks.
On March 13th, a CNN news reporter and his entire team were caught on live feed being eaten by zombies. Within a few days the UN, the United States, and all the African countries surrounding Kenya announced a quarantine of Kenya. The US sent a fleet to stop the flow of ships fleeing the Kenyan coast into the Indian Ocean. Ethiopia, Uganda, and Tanzania set up border guards and tried to stop the refugees from getting into their countries. Their attempts probably wouldnt have worked anyway, but unfortunately, one of the countries bordering Kenya is Somalia, which hasnt had a functioning government for years. There wasnt even an attempt to control the border between Kenya and Somalia.
The idea of zombies in Somalia collectively scared the shit out of the world. The only thing Somalis are known to do well is piracy. The thought of infected Somalis in fast boats caused the world to finally deal with Somali piracy once and for all. Every nation with a functioning navy, even North Korea, sent ships to the Indian Ocean and every Somali boat that didnt turn back to Somalia after one warning was blown out of the water.
After Kenya and Somalia, the next known outbreak of zombies was in Ethiopia, which was unfortunate enough to border both of these countries. Sudan, which borders Ethiopia, actually stopped its civil war in order to try to control its border. The Sudanese government armed every willing man, woman, and child who was able to hold a gun and gave them the order to shoot anyone approaching their border.
George Romero must have been psychic, because the zombies in Africa were exactly like the ones in his first three zombie movies, beginning with Night of the Living Dead. They were slow, always hungry, attracted to sound and light, and the only way to really de-animate them was to destroy their brain. Getting bitten by a zombie was a death sentence. It took a while to die, depending how serious the bite was, but as soon as the bitten person died, it reanimated as a zombie. Getting splattered by bits of zombie juice didnt seem to lead to infection. A group in southern California started a church, claiming George Romero was Christ reborn and he was bringing on the end of days.
The existence of zombies was now a proven fact, but rumors started that people were also getting attacked by vampires. The rumors claimed these vampires were fast and extremely strong. Supposedly, the vamps were able to run down cars going 40 miles per hour, pick up the car, flip it and then open it like a can of Spam. The vamps went out only at night and didnt like artificial light. Candles and torches didnt seem to faze them. Some stories claimed a flashlight chased them away and others claimed a flashlight just pissed them off and they were more likely to kill you if you had one. No one was ever able to show a tape of these vamps and it seemed like no one was actually an eyewitness to any vamp attack. It was always a guy who knew a guy who saw a vamp kind of story. The consensus among the experts was vampires were a form of hysteria brought on by the knowledge zombies actually existed.
Obama got his wish: we were now living in a post-partisan world. Once Congress had to deal with zombie outbreaks, all partisan politics disappeared. No one cared what you thought about abortion or taxes. Everyone agreed Americans had to control their borders. This, of course, meant Mexico; no one cared about the Canadians. All the American troops in Iraq and Afghanistan were immediately being recalled from the Middle East to be deployed to the Mexican border. The Middle East was right next to Africa. All Americans, including the most diehard right-winger, wanted our troops back immediately as soon as it became clear the zombie outbreak couldnt be contained in Africa.
Anyone who had ever seen a George Romero movie about zombies basically knew how to fight them. The zombies were slow and predictable. It didnt make sense, once the world knew what was going on, that zombie outbreaks would get out of control in a developed country like the US. In any fair fight between a close-to-equal number of humans and zombies, the humans should win. Before this outbreak there were 300 million Americans and, last I heard, there were approximately 2.5 guns for every American. Utah is a red state. Almost everyone in Utah has a gun. Hell I personally had three. If my neighbors who had been attacked had not been outnumbered 20-to-one, they probably could have beaten off the zombie attack. It made sense that a continent full of completely fucked-up governments, like Africa, would get overrun. It didnt make any sense at all for the USA to be overrun when everyone in the US who had been paying attention to the news had to know how to kill zombies. This issue was brought up by numerous articles I downloaded from Google. Something else was going on. All efforts that should have worked to quarantine the zombie virus werent working.
I had been looking over my Google hits for a couple hours when the Harrisons returned with hugely distended bellies. Bob didnt come back. I told myself the Harrisons could have been feeding on just dead zombies. It sounded like the shots came from a few miles away. They were probably coming from the local Mormon Church otherwise known as a ward. I didnt think any government-run shelter for civilians would allow people to bring guns, whereas there is no way a bunch of Mormons preparing for zombies wouldnt have guns. I hoped the ward was ok, but regardless, there had to be other survivors within walking distance. I needed to be able to get out of the house and explore. The longer I waited to leave my house, the less likely I would be able to hook up with any survivors.
This wasnt a video game where I had an endless supply of lives if I made a mistake. One bite from a zombie meant I would die within a few days. I had to think this through. I had to take out the Harrisons and any other zombies within hearing distance of my house. I had to do this methodically, and count on being swarmed by zombies from time to time. Zombies had a top speed of two miles an hour. I had just run a 100 mile race. I knew I could outrun zombies for a while but I had to have a way to shake them from my trail and I couldnt afford to lead them back to my home. I needed a way to silently kill zombies from a distance and quickly kill zombies up-close.
For the past 15 years, I have been using a bow to hunt deer and elk. I got introduced to the bow when I was involved in the Society of Creative Anachronisms in college. Dressing up in metal suits, smacking other guys in metal suits with sticks, and trying to talk like medieval knights got old quickly but I found out I really liked shooting a long bow. I typically practiced for at least 15 to 20 minutes a couple times a week. Most people who dont shoot bows dont know there are silencers for them. Many bows will make a twanging sound on the release that can spook a deer. If you tie a bit of fur, string, or feathers to a bow string, you can almost completely eliminate any sound on the release. I already had silencers on my bow. I was going to bow hunt zombies.
I needed an up-close weapon for killing zombies. I cant stand stupidity in movies. A little piece of me dies every time I see an actor in a horror movie suggest splitting up the group while looking for a vicious monster, or starts looking for the monster without first finding a weapon. I cant stand most horror flicks because the characters in them are so stupid. I guess thats why the Romero flicks are considered classics; most of the characters in his movies arent stupid. If I had no other options, I would fight a zombie with a baseball bat or an axe, but it would be better to have something heavier than a bat and something that, unlike an axe, couldnt get stuck in a zombie skull.
There is a door that goes from my bedroom into my lair. As I said, I have a fully equipped woodworking shop and a partially equipped metal working shop in the lair. I used all of this equipment when I was remodeling my house and installing all my renewable energy sources.
I took a double-bit axe the previous owner of my house had used to split firewood and left behind. It was old but still in good condition. I cut off the axe blades near the handles. I drilled a line of holes on either side of the axe head near the handle and then used a hacksaw to cut between the holes. I wound up with 3-foot-long hickory handle tipped with a metal head that was light enough to swing quickly, but heavy enough to be able to crush through a skull without any protruding blades that could get stuck. The ends where I had cut off the blades were ragged and looked mean; just brushing against them would lacerate flesh. This wasnt an axe any longer; I had a mace.
I had my weapons. I now needed to decide on clothes. I decided on heavy jeans. I chose to wear my running shoes for more speed, instead of my leather hiking boots which would have given me more protection. I decided to wear a leather motorcycle jacket. I put on mountain bike forearm and elbow pads on the outside of my jacket. With the pads on, I could jam my forearm into a zombies mouth if I had to, without risking infection.
I put my leather motorcycle glove on my left hand; I couldnt wear the right glove because I needed to be able to use my thumb ring quickly. Most archers in the US use the European-style, a three-fingered grip to shoot a bow. I prefer using the Asian method of using my thumb instead of my fingers to pull back the bowstring. The ring made of horn protects the thumb. Part of the fun in playing Robin Hood is shooting off a bunch of arrows as quickly as you can, which I found easier to do with a thumb ring. I decided not to wear my motorcycle helmet because I needed my peripheral vision. It was a tradeoff between protection and being able to see.
I needed to create escape routes that made it difficult for zombies to follow me. I decided to use the fact that most Sugar House homes had fenced-in back yards. These fences were in various states of repair but almost all of them were 6-feet high. When I was in my 20s, I would have thought nothing of jumping over these fences at top speed. At age 46, I never jump when I can step down. I could picture myself vaulting over a 6-foot fence and landing wrong, twisting my ankle or knee, and being eaten because I couldnt run. That would be a stupid way to die. If I could install a step 3-and-a-half-feet high on either side of the fence, I could put a foot on the step, pull myself up to the top and step over, easily clearing my inseam (its important to me to protect my crotch), and then lower myself down backwards to the other side.
From what I saw on my camera footage, the zombies might be able to climb up a fence eventually, but would be slower than me, even if they were to use my steps. My next-door neighbor had a redwood picnic table in his back yard; I could break it up and use the wood to build steps. If I cleared out the fenced-in backyards and secured them so zombies couldnt easily wander in and out, I could be reasonably certain the next time I entered, the yards would still be clear of zombies.
According to my surveillance footage over the last two days, zombies had a quiet period from 1 to four a.m. I would take out the Harrisons right before 1 a.m. and then break apart my next-door neighbors picnic table while the zombies slept.

Chapter 4: Mark Jones, September 13th to September 14th, Year 1
Sugar House neighborhoods have gas street lights. I was hoping that the lights would go on so it would be harder to look into my house when it got dark. Nope; the street lights didnt go on but they werent necessary. Without light pollution from artificial lighting, the stars and moon seemed bright enough to read by. With the lights off in my house, no human eye would be able see anything through my windows. The difference between the light from the nighttime sky and my unlit house made my windows look like mirrors from the outside. Hopefully, zombie eyes worked the same as human eyes. I took all the dark sheets I had and duct-taped them over all my main floor windows. I double-sheeted the windows that faced the street; I didnt have enough sheets to double-sheet the rest. I tried to time this activity when the Harrisons were walking away from the house. Then I took dry wall anchors and screws and screwed the sheets to the walls so they couldnt accidentally fall off. After this was done, I went back down into my bedroom. I made sure I didnt turn on the light until my door was closed.
Around midnight I took out my bow and shot a few arrows in my lair to warm up. I was rusty and out of shooting shape; it takes strength to pull a 100-pound bow and I hadnt shot my bow for almost six months. I didnt want to practice too much and overwork my muscles. I climbed to the attic room, which has a dormer window facing the street. I counted on the fact that almost no creature weighing more than 60 lbs routinely looks up. Small animals that get hunted by hawks and eagles constantly look up; larger animals that arent hunted from the air almost never look up.
 I waited for the Harrisons to walk away from my house then slowly opened the windows. Using my peripheral vision, I watched the Harrisons walk back and forth on my street in a steady almost-metronomic rhythm. Id watched them for nearly 45 minutes when I knew it was time to take my shot. The Harrisons were walking away from me and Mr. Harrison was slightly behind his wife. I slowly drew my bowstring back. At the moment of my release I knew I was on target and as quickly as possible drew back another arrow and released it at Mrs. Harrisons head; this shot was off. I drew and released again. Time seemed to slow. I could see my first arrow strike the back of Mr. Harrisons head and protrude approximately six inches out of his left cheek. As he was starting to slump forward I could see my second arrow graze Mrs. Harrisons right cheek. She turned her head to the right, her mouth starting to open to scream, when my third arrow struck her right temple and projected through her head and came out a few inches from her left temple. I couldnt help myself. I laughed. It looked like she was wearing one of those arrow-through-the-head costumes.
I watched the Harrisons bodies for about half an hour. No additional zombies came by. It was probably safe to explore my backyard and my next-door neighbors. If zombies came by, they would hopefully notice the Harrisons and start feeding with enough noise to warn me. I powered up my upstairs laptop then immediately muted my computer so it wouldnt make any noise. I logged on to my outside cameras, looking at my back yard. It looked clear. I went outside. My back yard was secured.
My house is close to the center of my lot. My garage is in one corner of my backyard, as far as possible from my front curb, a typical layout for my neighborhood. My house is on a street that ends in a cul-de-sac; my backyard butts into my neighbors backyards. All our backyards are separated by fences.
Im 59 and weigh 165 pounds. I dont have the height to look over a 6-foot-tall fence. I got out an 8-foot stepladder and placed it in the center of my yard and prepared to climb up it while holding my bow with an arrow out, ready to shoot. I could feel my heart beating as I thought about what I was going to do. As soon as I got my head above my fence, I knew that I would be able to see into the yards surrounding mine. Conversely whatever was in those yards would be able to see me. If a zombie saw me and screamed before I could kill it, I would be swarmed.
I hadnt yet created an escape route that would lead the swarm away from my home. Any zombie could break through a window. My bedroom door is a typical hollow interior wood panel door that a zombie would have no problem breaking down. Only the doors to my lair were made out of reinforced steel. Sure those doors would keep zombies out but I only had a few weeks worth of food in my man cave. How long would zombies wait for me if they actually got into my main floor or bedroom? Up till now, I had been handling the craziness of today fairly well. Who expects to wake up surrounded by zombies? Do zombies retain memories? Would the zombies remember seeing me? 
This was a gamble I had to takeif not now, then later. I needed to secure these yards to be safe. I could feel my pulse throbbing faster and faster. I realized I was starting to develop performance anxiety, so instead of climbing on the ladder, I sat down cross-legged and started to breathe deeply. I made every inhalation and exhalation last for three to four heart beats. I tried to recapture the feeling I had when I took my first shot at the Harrisons. After a few minutes of breathing slowly I could no longer feel the pounding of my heart. I knew as soon as I got to a height where I could see over multiple fences, I had to take in everything at once. If I saw a zombie, I had to shoot on instinct. Thinking would slow me down. I put my bow in my left hand and held on to an arrow and the bowstring with my right. Using only my feet, and balancing carefully, I began climbing the step ladder. I was still taking slow deep breaths.
I climbed the ladder until my head was ten feet off the ground and I could see into all the yards adjoining mine except the one blocked from view by my garage. The two yards abutting the back of my yard and the two on either side of my yard were clear. My sense of relief was like a blow. I almost felt lightheaded.
I dont know why I looked up, but as I did, I made eye contact with something flying in the air towards me. It must have jumped a good 50 or 60 feet from the roof of the house whose backyard was directly behind mine. As I met its eyes, I knew it was intelligent and had been watching me for as long as Id been outside. It was just few feet away from me, its body positioned like it was diving, its arms reaching for me, when I stepped backward off the ladder while dropping my bow and arrow. I moved without conscious thought, landing first on my toes then rocking backwards on my heels. I let my knees collapse. My buttocks hit my heels as I grabbed the stepladder and lifted it, so the top of the ladder hit the vampire from below, pushing it over and behind me.
I let go of the ladder and rolled on my back to a complete somersault on my feet in a full squat position, my back towards the vampire, which was within arms reach. I was still moving, almost balanced on my feet when I grabbed the ladder again. I swung the ladder against the vampires belly, striking with all the momentum and weight of my body. The vamp didnt move or recoil from this blow. I felt like I had smashed the ladder into a boulder. The vampire grabbed the ladder with just one hand, pulled it from my two-handed grasp, and threw it with such force that it flew into a neighboring yard. Up till now, all my actions had been purely instinctual and, so far, ineffective. Apparently, I had not hurt it at all. I needed to think.
I turned my head away from the vampire, as if I was going to run away. The vamp was stronger and faster than me. It had been hunting me, carefully observing me, and waiting for the right time to strike. It was the predator; I was the prey. It had expected me to flee, because that is what prey did. I convinced it I was running way, and then turned back and reached for its throat with my right hand. It wasn't expecting that and when I moved closer to it, I gained a split second, which was all I needed to tear out its throat and then break its neck. Moments later, I was sitting on the ground, my face, neck, and chest covered with the vamps blood, and I was having my first full-blown panic attack. I have done a lot of dangerous things in my life, but I have never been this close to dying before.
As I was on the ground shaking, a thought crossed my mind: This wasnt boring. 

Chapter 5: Zutar Probe, January 6th, Year 1
On Earth, the rich used the poor as test subjects. Although basic research was done elsewhere, biological testing on humans occurred mostly in Africa. A controversial AIDS vaccine was being tested in Kenya. The vaccine used live attenuated viruses. A significant percentage of humans believed vaccines, especially those which used live viruses, were dangerous. Activists around the world were protesting against the use of live AID viruses in human test subjects. The probe designed the zombie virus to look like a mutation of this vaccine.
It determined to start the infection in Kenya. The only disadvantage to this plan was Earths strongest military power, the United States, had time to prepare for the zombie outbreak. To help compensate for the anticipated six to nine months of warning the US would have before the zombie virus reached its shores, the probe created multiple infectious agentsone easy to find with Earth level technology and two that were extremely difficult. To increase the likelihood of a successful intervention, it created another human appropriate infestationvampires.
The probe released its drone on January 6th. It released three biological agents. The first was a zombie virus that was transmitted by saliva. The second and third agents were prions. The second agent also created zombiesthe third, vampires.
The second and third agents had airborne vectors. They initially caused silent infections. Wireless signals activated these agents converting an asymptomatic human into a zombie or vampire within a few hours. A single use drone released these agents in the high atmosphere as it headed toward Kenya. Earths rotation creates the Coriolis Effect; constant high winds that blow west to east above the equator and in the opposite direction below. These winds spread the prions throughout the world.
The zombie prion targeted individuals who were unhealthy, genetically impaired, or had chronic illnesses. Forty percent of Earths population was infected.
The probe wanted to decrease the number of humans and wanted creatures that could be used to overwhelm prepared human defenses. It did not want to drive humans into extinction or create another artificial sentient civilization. The vampire prion had a much lower rate of infection. Vampires fed only on human blood, were sterile, and had a lifespan of 300 years. Vampires would exist for one generation.
The probe controlled vampires with an electromagnetic signal. When they werent under probe control, they were intensely solitary predators that would fight and kill each other to defend their territories. Due to the tertiary directive, vampires were given an unnecessary sensitivity to light.

Chapter 6: Art Bingham, March 13th to September 11th, Year 1
My name is Art Bingham. I am the first counselor at Forest Dale First Ward of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints in Sugar House, Utah. Until I became the leader of a community that was surrounded by zombies, I had never truly been afraid. Since then, fear in varying shades of intensity is the only emotion I have been able to feel. I am a husband and a father. I have become the person that a hundred-and-four families look to for guidance. I have responsibilities. I dont know how much longer I can fulfill any of them.
My new life of fear had its genesis six months ago when I first heard about the zombie outbreaks in Africa. I work in an outpatient clinic in Sugar House as a Family Practice physician for the University of Utah hospital system. All the medical journals were filled with discussions and hypotheses about how and why a trial of an AIDS Vaccine would lead to the reanimation of the dead.
A few weeks after that first video-feed by a CNN reporter and his entire crew being eaten by zombies in mid March, the New England Journal of Medicine published photos and a transcript of a medical autopsy of a zombie. This was done in Kenya under the control of the Kenyan government and there werent any niceties or ethical dilemmas that would have been a problem in the US. The term autopsy was inaccurate; it was a vivisection of a moving animated zombie strapped to a surgical table. No anesthesia was used. The pathologist started at the feet and moved up the body, dissecting until only the head was left. There were photos and a description of a decapitated head that was still animated. It was only after the brain cavity was exposed and the brain cut into that the zombie stopped moving.
The vivisection revealed a zombies heart only beats two or three times a minute. The virus that causes the zombie to reanimate converts the metabolism of a human body to an anaerobic process. This means that zombies dont need to breathe. It also explains why zombies cant run quickly. An anaerobic metabolism would allow a zombie to be much more efficient in its use of calories but would also give it much less peak power. If a zombies artery is cut, there isnt enough pressure to allow a significant loss of blood, and since the blood isnt oxygenated, it isnt red. A zombies blood is thick and viscous and, upon exposure to air, coagulates almost immediately. It is impossible for a zombie to bleed out. The New England Journal of Medicine article documented that removing or destroying a zombies heart has no effect because any muscular contraction anywhere in the zombies body provides enough pumping action to keep the zombie animated.
Additional studies published in the medical journals over the next few weeks indicated the zombie virus can only be transferred through a zombies saliva. Zombies were found to be purely carnivorous. They couldnt digest vegetable matter. Zombie saliva on nonliving meat acted as an extremely strong protease, breaking it down quickly to a mass of proteins. Zombies use their stomachs and GI tract purely as storage; only their saliva is necessary for digestion and there is complete digestion. Zombies do not produce feces or urine. It is almost impossible to starve a zombie to death. If it doesnt get anything to eat, it can cannibalize its own body tissues. A zombie would first digest its internal organs that it no longer needed, such as its liver, lungs, kidneys, etc., before digesting essential tissues such as muscle and bone. Zombies hadnt been around enough to know by empirical evidence how long they could survive without food but researchers were estimating that they could survive for years. Anabolic metabolisms are extremely efficient.
If zombie saliva were to be injected into a chimpanzee, depending on the amount of saliva injected, within a few hours or a few days the chimpanzee would reanimate as a zombie. Chimpanzees share 98% of the same genes as humans and they are the only animals that could become zombies. Injections of zombie saliva into gorillas and orangutans kill these primates but they do not reanimate. Injected zombie saliva was eventually 100% deadly to all animals.
Zombies have a grayish hue. They do not rot or have a significant body odor. For a few hours at night, a zombie will become quiescent. During this period, if it has fed recently it will actually heal. It can rebuild torn and cut muscles and tendons. Destroying a zombies brain doesnt kill the virus. It eliminates the viruss ability to control the body it was infecting. If a zombies brain were to be destroyed, the body collapses and doesnt move but it doesnt rot. The zombies body then starts reabsorbing its unnecessary organs and fat, and slowly starts healing. Given enough time and enough food, a zombie potentially could regrow a severed limb. Though enough testing was not done, it is possible a zombie who was shot in the head could eventually heal the wound. A zombie with an intact brain never attacks another moving active zombie, but if a zombies brain is damaged, other zombies rapidly tear it apart and eat it. Researchers tried to feed zombie flesh to animals. No animals, including scavengers such as vultures or rats, were willing to eat zombie flesh. It was almost as if the zombies had been designed to clean up after themselves and not increase the number of scavengers, like rats.
The zombie outbreak in Africa was a huge story but widespread panic did not occur in the US until the infection spread to Europe in early April. By late August almost all the countries bordering the Mediterranean had major outbreaks. This became a huge concern because the outbreaks made no sense. Zombies are slow and predictable. Bullets kill them. Functioning governments with modern weapons should have had no difficulties controlling the spread of this disease. For no reason that could be determined, the zombie virus was resisting all attempts to quarantine it; as soon as there was an outbreak, all communications ceased from the area.
The LDS General Authorities recommended disaster preparation. Ever since the formation of the Church by Joseph Smith in the 1830s, the church has been a victim of prejudice. Since 1890, when the church stopped the practice of polygamy, Mormons had not been jailed or actually persecuted for practicing our religion, but the memory of having to flee three times due to persecution has been an integral part of our culture. Practicing Mormons are encouraged to have a years supply of food in their homes and it is routine for wards to have disaster relief rehearsals for earthquakes, floods, fires, etc. Once it became clear zombie outbreaks were possible, the church recommended all Mormons gather their stored food in a fortified area. It was clear to the General Authorities individual homes would probably not be safe.
Its been estimated by the media that only the Roman Catholic Church has more wealth than the LDS Church. I wouldnt know. I do know the church started spending its wealth as soon as the threat of zombies became clear. The church paid to have reinforced 10-foot-tall chain link fences strong enough to withstand the force of hundreds of people pushing against them put around every ward house. These fences were topped by six feet of razor wire, slanted 45-degrees outward from the fence. The thought was if any zombie tried to climb the fence, its body weight would cause the razor wire to slice off its fingers, making it difficult for the zombie to keep climbing.
Church members were encouraged to store emergency belongings in the ward house. Large diesel generators were placed in every ward with enough fuel to provide electricity for three months. Barrels of water large enough to supply 800 people with drinking water for three months were provided, along with weapons, ammunition, clothing and medical supplies. Within weeks, generators and other supplies were almost impossible to find. The church called for and received unpaid volunteers that helped manufacture all these supplies out of raw materials. The costs of these supplies became exorbitant but the church paid for them.
During this time I was filled with a sense of unreality. I knew the danger was real but it never seemed to hit home. I was too busy to be truly concerned. I worked full-time as a family physician. After leaving work, I had another full-time job as the First Councilor to Bishop Johnson, coordinating the storage of each familys personal supplies and making sure such supplies did not include inappropriate objects such as furniture or television sets. One idiot wanted to store his golf clubs and got angry when I told him it was inappropriate.
Bishop is what Mormons call the person that would normally be called a priest or minister in most other Christian denominations. Bishop Johnson wanted to help with the disaster preparation but he was inundated by members of the faith who had not been to services for years who now wanted to join our ward and by people who were interested in converting.
Almost every LDS Church ward house has two wards made up of about 100 families, or 400 individuals, who share the physical building. One ward has services on Sunday mornings and the other in the afternoons. My ward served families that lived locally. The other ward was for Japanese speakers from all around Salt Lake City; their services were held in Japanese. A few of the Japanese members lived nearby but most lived in outside areas; the Japanese members that lived in outside areas were asked to shelter in the wards closest to their homes. Because of the nature of the two wards in our ward house, we had more room available for nonmembers. The church gave the responsibility of accepting or rejecting new applicants to each ward house to the Bishops of the two wards. The Japanese Bishop didnt live locally, so the entire job was left to Bishop Johnson.
I thanked God I had not been given this burden. We had enough room for 80 additional families, but had over 300 families applying for shelter at our ward house. Bishop Johnson had to interview each family and make a personal decision on whom to accept or deny. He tried to look for people and families with essential skills who seemed to have personalities that would mesh well with the other ward members. He and the families that were turned down knew his denial could possibly be a death sentence. Most Bishops had another Bishop to share the responsibility. He didnt. Every day he aged visibly.
You could hope the LDS Churchs organizational efforts would be held up as something to emulate. The church is often perceived by the uninformed to be a cult and this perception seemed to get stronger as the media recognized that the church was actually preparing to defend and protect its members. The testimonials of the families who had applied for and been denied spaces in the ward houses were aired nightly on national television. By late August, there was a palpable tension present at the clinic where I worked between the Mormons and the non-Mormons.
Federal, state, and local governments were tasked with making emergency plans. These plans were usually limited to designating the local high school as the emergency meeting place and talking about placing supplies in the high school without actually doing it. On rare occasions, competent government officials stocked these shelters with food, bedding, and medical supplies, but these designated shelters were never fortified and weapons were never stocked.
While I was preparing our ward for a possible emergency, my wife was worrying about our adult children. I have three daughters and one son. Two of my daughters are married and live out-of-town. The eldest lives in Washington, DC with her husband and 6-month-old son. My youngest daughter lives in an apartment in Provo, a city 45 minutes away by highway. My middle daughter is single and still going to school at BYU. My son is 17 and lives with us. My two married children went to their own wards and arranged for separate emergency shelters.
My wife demanded I make space for my two married daughters families. The fact that neither daughters husband wanted this to happen, or the fact that it was completely inappropriate for me as a First Counselor to abuse my position, seemed not to matter to her. Almost every dinner I had with her in August led to the same fight. Nearly every day, my unmarried daughter vacillated between staying at our ward and staying at her college ward in Provo. When my wife wasnt fighting with me or on the telephone with our daughter in Washington, DC, she was fighting with my unmarried daughter. My son stayed away from home as much as possible. If the tension at the clinic or at the ward hadnt been so bad, I would have been tempted to avoid home, but it wasnt any better at the clinic or the ward.
By the first week of September, all the preparations were done. My ward had already had two evacuation rehearsals. Men between the ages of 17 and 35 were asked to take part in militia training with guns. My son Peter thought taking part in these exercises was the best adventure ever. Although disasters in Europe were being reported nightly in the news, there were no reported outbreaks in North or South America.
On September 11th I woke to the sound of an emergency broadcast on the radio. Oh Heavenly Father: September 11th! I immediately tuned to the radio station that we had been told to check in case of emergencies and I heard a recorded message that told me to seek shelter immediately. Within a few minutes, my car was packed. My wife, my unmarried daughter Cheryl, my son Peter and I were the first ones at our ward house. I told my son to grab his weapon and meet me at the gate. I asked my wife and daughter to go to the parking lot and guide all the cars that were expected to arrive. I told them to avoid leaving spaces in-between the vehicles. As new arrivals came into our enclosure, they described friends and family members that were delayed and were planning on coming in later because either they or someone close to them had woken up sick. Many of these individuals were staying near their toilets because they were vomiting and the ones that had stopped vomiting were having difficulty walking on their own.
Shortly, most of the militia was present, armed and positioned in a perimeter around the ward house inside the fence. Some cars coming in through our gate were not owned by members of our ward. I made the decision to let them in. This was an emergency. I needed to get as many people in to the enclosed area as fast as possible.
When the parking lot was almost full, Bishop Johnson and his family arrived. He and his wife had been with their next-door neighbors who were ill. They had been dragged here by their sons. Behind them, visible in the distance, were zombies. Cars kept streaming toward us and it became obvious that there was no way we could allow everyone who was headed our way into our enclosure. We all looked at the Bishop. He froze. We all stared. I could see something break inside him. Quietly, in a voice so low that it could barely be heard, he said Close the gates.
I motioned the militia to move quickly and we closed the gates. The cars kept on coming. The General Authorities hoped our fortified enclosures would only require protection from zombies, but they understood there was a possibility that we would also need protection from our neighbors.
Ten-feet out from our fence was a concrete moat, four feet wide and three feet deep, that would be impossible for any car or truck to drive over. Our fence had been built to be strong enough to withstand zombies, but a car or a truck driven at high speed into the fence could severely damage it. Hollow steel tubes filled with concrete were spaced every few feet on the wall of the moat closest to the fence so a vehicle could not be driven into the fence. As we closed the gates, the drawbridge that led to the gate went upright, becoming a reinforced metal wall. The six cars, closest to the gate, tried to jump the moat. The drivers werent trying to destroy our fence; they were panicked and trying to enter our enclosure. The moat stopped the vehicles from damaging our fence.
The entire street in front of our meeting house was so full of cars that none of them could turn around and escape. We didnt have time to reopen the gates for them. I saw a few people get out of their vehicles and run away down the street. Some ran to our fence and screamed to be let in. We couldnt let them in. One of our ward members, Hank Miller, yelled that his brother was outside. We had to restrain him to stop him from opening the gate.
At first there were just a few zombies here and there. Then there were more. I saw a mass of shambling bodies. Soon the zombies were so densely packed I couldnt see any space between them. Like a tsunami, they swept over the people trapped outside.
In front of our horrified eyes, friends and neighbors were consumed. It was better for those who panicked; they forgot to lock their car doors. They were pulled out of their vehicles and killed quickly. It was worse for those who didnt panic; they locked their doors. They had to watch in terror as the zombies pounded on their windows. Modern car windows are made of safety glass designed to shatter but not break. These windows were not designed to withstand being struck repeatedly by zombies that didnt experience pain or fatigue.
I dont know who started shooting first, but soon every man and woman who had a gun in our enclosure was firing as rapidly as we could. We all knew the only way to kill a zombie was to shoot it in the head and destroy its brain. The noise of our guns brought a wall of zombies ten-to-twenty-feet thick around our enclosure. The wire mesh of our fence did not allow the zombies to poke their hands through, so we were able to get close enough to the zombies next to the fence to almost always shoot them in the head. The wire mesh had been designed to be shot through, being flexible enough to be pushed out of the way rather than being cut if it was hit by a bullet. As soon as a zombie died, it was devoured by its neighbors. There were too many to shoot them all. Soon zombies were climbing over each other and onto the fence. The razor wire projecting over the zombies worked as it was designed. There was a cascade of zombies falling from the razor wire as they lost their fingers.
At first I was worried that the falling zombies would create a wall of bodies high enough to overtop our wall. Their invulnerability to being crushed saved us. If a human had fallen in such a dense crowd, the human would have been trampled, been suffocated, and died. The dead body would have become an inert mass. Eventually the mass of dead bodies would have piled up high enough to reach the top of the fence. Zombies cannot suffocate and they cannot be crushed to death. Every zombie that fell to the ground was able to stand up and a high-enough pile of bodies did not form.
I dont know when I realized my gun was empty. I must have been pulling on the trigger with nothing happening for a while. I had run out of bullets. I realized I wasnt hearing any more shots; all of us had run out of bullets. We could no longer see past our fence because there were so many zombies. I dont remember hearing any sounds even while I was firing. The first sound I remember hearing after I started shooting was sobbing. The sobbing was loud. It had a wet sound like you would expect from someone who had a face full of tears and mucous. It was coming from me.
We were alive but we had, purposefully and willingly through our actions, caused the deaths of neighbors and friendsgood people who had not deserved to be torn apart. I knew behind that wall of zombies, I had neighbors who were still alive, trapped in their vehicles with their families.
I believe in a God who stands in judgment, and because of this, I was afraid. I fell to my knees. Heavenly Father, have mercy on me, for I have sinned against my fellow man. Please grant me mercy for I am weak and I fear your justice. 

Chapter 7: Art Bingham, September 11th to September 12th, Year 1
Our fence was completely packed with zombies, all screaming with a high-pitched, incredibly annoying, fingers-on-a-chalkboard sound. I asked two of the militia to stay outside the ward building and keep an eye on the fence. The rest of us went into the ward house. Although I hadnt been aware of it, some zombies had made it into our enclosure. Anyone that had woken up sick this morning had somehow turned into a zombie. Only a few sick people had been quick enough to get into our enclosure. Almost everyone who was in our enclosure was armed. These poor individuals who had turned into zombies were quickly shot down. Luckily, none of these zombies had been able to bite anyone. Thank our Heavenly Father we didnt need to deal with the aftermath of a zombie-bitten friend or family member.
We had planned to shelter 200 families within our enclosure. Only 104 families made it in before we had to close our gates; we had 405 people in our enclosure. Eighteen families were not members of our ward. They had shown up hoping they would be allowed in. So many of our ward members we had known for years and with whom we had rehearsed emergency evacuations had not made it.
As evening fell, Bishop Johnson asked for volunteers to stand guard during the night. Close to 50 men volunteered. I spoke to Hiram Rockwell, the leader of our militia, and asked him to arrange for the men to switch off every two hours during the night.
The rest of us slept on cots spread throughout the ward house. I was completely exhausted and slept without dreams. I awoke to the sound of women and men speaking loudly. Two of the men, Bishop Johnsons sons, had been standing guard at night and were missing. They were 21 and 23; he had no other children. The eldest had just been engaged and the youngest had recently returned from his mission. I arranged for a search throughout our enclosure. They were gone.
I have known Orville Johnson for over 30 years. He was a tenured professor of philosophy at the University of Utah. To my knowledge, Orville was the only practicing member of the LDS Church who taught in this department. Fifty years ago it was common for men who believed in God to study and teach philosophy; currently it is extremely rare. All the other professors of philosophy in Orvilles department were atheists or agnostics.
I had asked Orville shortly after meeting him why he chose to teach at the University, where he was out of place, when he could have chosen to teach at Brigham Young University. He told me he wanted students of philosophy to understand that the belief in a higher being was not exclusive to the intellectual study of morality. In Orvilles eyes, the search for truth was a search for beauty and the recognition of a higher order that could only be reasonably explained by an intelligent force. Orville did not believe in a wrathful God. He embraced a God that was merciful and loving. Up until now, Orville was a man who had seen his entire life as blessed. Orvilles calling to choose who were in our enclosure, our ark, and his decision to close the gates yesterday had shaken his faith. The disappearance of his sons without warning or explanation broke him.
After the search throughout the entire enclosure was over and it was clear that his sons were no longer with us, Orville Johnson stopped talking. He withdrew within himself and refused to acknowledge anyone. His wife, a gentle and wise woman whom ward members had looked to as a mother, was forced to focus her attentions on her husband.
Brother Rockwell, the volunteer head of our militia, was a man who has always taken great pride in being LDS. He saw the Church as righteous and saw all nonmembers as being those who chose to ignore the truth. He didnt have any non-LDS friends and often had been heard in years past exclaiming in a very loud voice that You cant vote Democrat and be a good Mormon. He wasnt hesitant to voice his opinion that we had traitors in our midst. These traitors had to be one of the Gentiles that should not have been in our ward. He ordered our militia to take charge of all the Gentiles. Many of the nonmembers had their own guns. Brother Rockwell ordered all of them to surrender their weapons. One day after we had fled into our enclosure, we were in danger of a civil war. As I ran to intervene by placing my body in-between the guns of our militia and the nonmembers, I heard Dr. Helen Hansens voice.
Dr. Hansen was one of the first non-church members to have been accepted into our emergency plans by Bishop Johnson. She was a professor in the Engineering department at the University of Utah. Her specialty was in electronic communications. She knew how to operate a Ham radio and had the knowledge, if necessary, to build and operate a radio station. She also taught classes on cell phone and wireless internet technology. When Bishop Johnson informed me he had accepted her application for a place in our enclosure, I understood that her skills and knowledge made her an asset to us but expressed to him that her personal traitsshe was a very attractive single woman who clearly was not religiousmight not fit with our ward. I had heard my 17-year-old son Peter describe her to his friends as the hottest professor he had ever seen. I was worried her views on social issues such as marriage, family, abortion, and the roles of men and woman would be a source of friction. I told Orville I didnt want to make judgments solely on the basis of first impressions, but on the surface she looked the worst, most abrasive kind of feminist. Orville assured me he had worked with her in the past, when they had been on the same faculty advisory committee, and that although I had probably correctly perceived her social beliefs, she was a level-headed woman who wouldnt create unnecessary social tensions. When I heard what she had to say, I was sure Orville had been wrong.
Hiram, you asshole, if you want to shoot a Gentile, you might as well start with me. She was unarmed. Although her words were aggressive, the tone of her voice wasnt. She looked like she was arguing with a younger not-so-smart brother. She actually had a smile on her face as she called Hiram an asshole.
The look on Hiram Rockwells face changed from anger to befuddlement. He is a large self-righteous man who is not prone to self-mockery. I dont think he had ever previously been called an asshole in public by a woman with a smile on her face. Helen didnt let the fact that Hirams rifle point was on her chest prevent her from moving ever closer, invading his personal space. He started walking backward as she walked toward him.
Cheryl, my daughter, started laughing first. I guess the sight of a 64-tall man with a gun stumbling backwards away from a beautiful 56-tall unarmed woman with a smile on her face struck her as funny. Cheryl has an infectious laugh. Soon the entire crowd started laughing. Within a period of seconds, Hiram had gone from a position of leadership to being an object of fun. I could see his face getting red. By then I was next to Hiram and Helen and I was able to step between them. I took Hirams gun from his hands.
Brothers, sisters, I know we are all stressed. We have every right to be. We have gone through so much. This is not the time to turn on ourselves. Yes, we have Mormons and non-Mormons in our enclosure. Our ward is now an ark that is protecting us from the zombies outside and is not filled with strangers. We are all neighbors. We all know each other. How can anyone of us point to another and see a fellow man who could betray his family to zombies. We all have family in this building. No one is going to be willing to let a zombie kill a wife, husband, or child. Please, we have too many trials in front of us to start making more.
I looked at Hiram. He looked sheepish. I gave his rifle back to him and turned to face the others.
Brothers, sisters, Im as worried as any of you about the disappearance of Bishop Johnsons sons. Tonight all of us are going to sleep in sight of each other. It doesnt look like the zombies can break through our fence. Everyone tonight will stay in the gymnasium together. Its going to be a tight fit but well make do and sleep in shifts. We will keep the lights on. We will all watch out for each other. Talk to Brother Rockwell about where you will be sleeping and when.

Chapter 8: Art Bingham, September 13th, Year 1
I was stuck in my car with Stacy my wife, and my children Cheryl and Peter, trapped in traffic outside my wards gates. The zombies were slowly breaking through our window. It was only a matter of time until the zombies broke through. I pulled Stacy toward me and told her I loved her. I took out my gun and placed it on her head. It would be better for all of us to die by my hands than to be eaten alive.
I woke from my nightmare with a start. Hiram was shaking me. Everyone who had slept in the gymnasium was safe. Hiram had not slept. No one had been out-of-sight except for Bishop Johnson and his wife. They had refused to move from the small room where they and their sons had been staying. The Johnsons were gone. Hiram was certain no one in the gymnasium could be responsible for the Johnsons disappearance. Someone or something we didnt know was in the enclosure with us.
Hiram and I heard screams from outside. A woman who had gone out of the building to look for the Johnsons screamed that a zombie had made it over our fence. Hiram shouted for his militia to grab their rifles and follow him outside. I called for help to go to our storage facility to grab all the ammunition we could and to bring it outside. Every man and woman with a gun ran outside, including me. I still had my Glock 9 mm pistol. On the ground within the enclosure, approximately 20 feet away, was a zombie. It had been shot multiple times in the head and was not moving.
One of the militia men walked to the fence and shot a zombie standing outside the fence through the head with his rifle. At that point, it became intolerable for all of us to allow any zombie within shooting distance to exist. Every man and woman with a weapon started shooting at the zombies outside our fence. For every zombie that fell, more came into view. The ones that we shot in the head were being eaten, pulled apart by the zombies behind them. For a little less than an hour, all of us lost our sanity. In the last 48 hours, we had fled to the safety of our enclosure only to find we were not safe, someone or something dangerous was in here with us. Our fear and anger had risen to a point where we could no longer stand to see the zombies outside our fence and not do something about them.
We shot until our guns were dry and then we reloaded them. Some of the men who had assault weapons started firing them in the fully-automatic mode, emptying their magazines in seconds. When we shot zombies yesterday, when we had first closed our gates, we could only shoot for a few minutes because we had not pulled out all our ammo supplies from storage. This time, because we had brought our ammo from storage, we must have been firing for at least 45 minutes. Finally we ran out of bullets. We had had 30,000 US Military .223 rounds in storage. By the second day of our enclosure in our ark, we had gone through almost all of them. We had not been very accurate in our fire but in those 45 minutes we had to have destroyed thousands of zombies. Yet there was no noticeable change in the number of zombies outside our fence.
I walked over to the zombie that had made it over our fence. Its head had been shot so many times, it was almost entirely decapitated. The razor wire had cut its fingers off. Somehow, it had wedged its arms and legs between the razor wire and climbed into our enclosure. In doing so, the razor wire had cut so deeply into all its muscles and tendons in its arms and legs it had lost the ability to move these limbs. By the time it had dropped into our enclosure, it had been unable to move independently. It had been harmless. This harmless zombie had resulted in the loss of all our ammunition.

Chapter 9: Jim Wright, October 8th, Year 1
My name is Jim Wright. My two roommates, Frank and Ryan, and I had been stuck in our house for a month. Every hour or so, one of us would check our battery-powered radio to see if anything was on; nothing ever was. None of us had taken a shower for two weeks to save on water, and we were getting really tired of dehydrated food. It was clear to us that we hadnt really prepared for the zombies and if something didnt change soon, we were screwed.
We had enough dried and canned food to last us for months. Power and water had been out since the 11th. It was a mild autumn, so heating the house wasnt an issue; therefore, power wasnt that important. Our weakness was water. We had stored up eight large plastic garbage bins full of water but with most of our food needing to be rehydrated, and with there being three of us, water was going faster than we wanted it to. Until two weeks ago, we were still using water for sponge baths. Then our water supply got so tight we decided to use water just for drinking and food prep. I was starting to smell so bad, my own odor was starting to gross me out.
We were all stressed out. Most of the things we were stressed out about were fairly predictable. We were trapped. We had seen neighbors turn into zombies in front of our eyes. Some of them hadnt been bitten; they still turned into zombies. We were paranoid that one of us in the house would turn into a zombie. I guess what really irritates you is all about expectations. Its the stuff you dont expect that gets your goat. Frank and I never expected that taking a crap would get so annoying.
Ever since we heard about the zombie outbreaks in Europe about six months ago, everyone we knew had been looking into disaster preparation. All the advice sites seemed to focus on power, food, and water. We had a small gasoline generator we could use for power. Food wasnt an issue; before I got divorced three years ago, I had been a good temple-recommended Mormon, and like any good Mormon I had stocked up on a years supply of food. I got the house; the ex got everything else. I had dumped the religion along with the ex, but the food had just been sitting there. Most of it was dehydrated and sealed and so it was still good. I just had to replace a few items that had gone bad, like condensed milk. By the time my roommates and I had gotten around to looking for water storage, there wasnt a water barrel to be found. We bought as many of the large plastic garbage cans as we could. Everyone was getting into disaster preparation, so pretty much any large container that was waterproof was going fast.
Before the 11th, I hadnt thought much about going to the bathroom. What was there to think about? You used the toilet, washed your hands, then left. For the first couple of days after the 11th it stayed the same except for scooping a small bucketful of water from the bathtub and pouring it into the toilet after you were finished. Then the bathtubs went dry, our house was still surrounded by zombies and we had no way to get more water.
My house is a two-story brick with an unfinished basement. Part of the disaster prep we did before the 11th was to board up every window a zombie could get to. Our prep worked, because our house was surrounded by zombies and none of them had gotten in. With no more water in the bathtubs and not being able to get outside of the house, we had to go to the bathroom out the second floor window that faced our street.
Whenever we got to the window, a whole pile of them would swarm below us with their arms reaching up high and their mouths open, making a high-pitched screaming sound. At first, it was hard to let go and start the stream; I mean, here you are all dangling out and a bunch of zombs are below you wanting to bite it off, but it was funny to piss on the zombies. We got used to peeing on them fairly quickly. Ryan was all bummed out that at about ten feet from us, the pee stream would spread out to more of a shower. He thought it would be hilarious to piss directly into a zombs mouth.
For Frank and me, pissing on the zombs was kind of a dominance thing and we were cool with it. Like I said, it was funny, but taking a crap was different. It was nerve-wracking to stick my bare butt out the window. I mean, for me this wasnt a position of dominance. Just by the nature of how we had to position ourselves to take a crap, you really couldnt look at the zombies while you did it, but I always ended up visualizing in my head hundreds of zombie eyes on my sphincter as it opened and closed. It was humiliating. I mean, sure, its the end of the world and we are all going to die and there are more important things to worry about, but REALLY, before you get killed and eaten, you have to let a couple hundred zombies look at your asshole while its opening and closing.
Ryan, on the other hand, thought dumping a load on a zomb was even better than pissing on one. Hed make a point of leaning his ass out so far out the window that he could kind of see below him, between his legs. Every time he took a shit, he was always screaming out things like bombs away and load number two has hit its target. Frank and I could always tell when Ryan was taking a dump. The first couple of times it was funny but it got old fast. If we hadnt been surrounded by zombies, Frank and I probably would have kicked Ryan out of the house. At 28, Ryan was the youngest of us. Frank was 36 and I was 33. Until three months ago, all of us had been living alone and we werent used to sharing space with anyone else. We were still not used to it.
Honestly, as annoying as Ryan was, it was still good to have him around. Being surrounded by zombies and not being able get into contact with anyone else was freaky. For the first two days immediately after the outbreak, we had been able to get in touch by phone with a few people. Frank was able to talk to his parents in Oregon on his cell phone, but after the 13th we couldnt get in touch with anyone. By the second day of the power outage, it made sense that if you didnt have access to a generator, cell phone and cordless phone batteries would be dead. Strangely enough, the landline phones stopped working before our cell phones. I would have thought landlines would be more reliable than cell phones.
Having anybody around, even Ryan, was better than not having company. Secretly I hoped that if anyone of us spontaneously turned into a zombie, it would be Ryan. I dont know if being a lawyer makes you annoying or if annoying people become lawyers, but Ryan was the epitome of an annoying lawyer. I would have been upset about shooting him in the head but not as upset as I would be if I had to shoot Frank. As the days and weeks passed, the thought of shooting Ryan in the head was becoming less and less distressing.
I was glad I invited Frank and Ryan to move in with me. Even with the risk of their turning into zombies, I dont know how Id be handling things if Id been alone in this house.
On the 11th when the alarm sirens went off, we all thought it was a test. I mean, come on: the 11th! So we had filled the two bathtubs in the house full of water and then went up to the second floor windows that werent boarded up. It was a zoo out there. At every house on the street other than ours, families were loading up their cars and taking off. About one-in-four of the people on the street looked sick. Some of them were vomiting and others needed help from their families to get into their vehicles. At the time we were glad we werent part of the mess on the street. A few minutes of watching the craziness down there went a long way, so we went back to our rooms.
When the screaming started about an hour later, we all went back to the window. This was the real thing; the zombs were here. Some of these zombies were clearly our neighbors that had been human an hour ago. All of us ran for our rifles. It ended up that only one of us had room to shoot at a time. Frank was the best shot, so he went first. We all belong to a club of air-gun enthusiasts. We had been talking for months about the best way kill zombies and had decided we would use a .22-caliber air rifle. This is not the Daisy BB-gun you had as a kid. Our rifle sends a .22-caliber lead pellet out at 1250 feet-per-second and costs over $500 new, more than a lot of regular rifles. It hits a target with almost as much force as a .22 long rifle bullet. The rifle has an air canister that is pre-charged by either a hand pump or from a scuba tank. The pellet speed can be dialed up or down, at full power the tank will give you 25 shots. It was lucky for us we were into air guns because within a month of the first confirmed zombie attack in Africa, there werent any bullets to buy.
The US has a huge number of gun owners and a lot of them are paranoid that one day a Democrat-controlled government is going to take away their guns. Clintons assault weapon ban confirmed all their fears. When Obama first got elected, there was a run on bullets for awhile because a rumor got spread that he would put a tax on bullets that would make them unaffordable. A bullet will last centuries if stored correctly so there isnt much to lose by buying more bullets than you need. So pretty much anytime something makes gun owners paranoid, a certain number of them will go to a gun store and buy up every box of ammo they can afford. It doesnt take many of these guys for a gun store to run out of bullets. The zombie outbreak in Africa made gun owners paranoid.
Twenty-two-caliber lead pellets are usually thought of as toys so it wasnt difficult for us to buy as many pellets as we needed. We each probably had close to a hundred thousand pellets; lead pellets are cheap and dont take up much room. Before the zombie outbreaks, we were into target shooting and for the best results in target shooting you have to make your own pellets, so we also all had lead molds and a bunch of lead stock to make more pellets if we wanted.
If you dont know much about guns, you might think the best way to kill a zombie would be with a big-caliber high-powered rifle, but you would be wrong. The reason hunters and soldiers use large-caliber or high velocity bullets is to cause massive soft-tissue damage. This is the most effective way to kill living animals or humans. Massive soft-tissue damage doesnt do much to a zombie. The only way to kill a zombie is to destroy its brain. The best way to do this is to use a bullet that is just strong enough to penetrate the skull but too weak to exit. When this happens, the bullet is trapped in the skull and bounces inside destroying the brain. A .22-caliber air pellet does this perfectly. You have to hit a skull square on so it doesnt ricochet off. All three of us were good enough shots to be able to do this consistently.
Like clockwork, every couple seconds Frank got a shot off. I spotted for him. Its much easier to shoot accurately if you have a spotter helping to pick your targets, and if you miss, to show you which direction you missed in and how far off-target you were. All military snipers have spotters. Frank was on fire. He got 25 shots off and 25 kills. Air guns dont make much noise so I dont think anyone on my street, either the zombies or our neighbors, knew Frank was shooting, but I know he saved lives.
After Frank emptied out his air canister, he ran down to the basement to recharge it from his scuba tank. I took my turn. I got 23 kills while I was shooting and Ryan was spotting for me. Ryan got the same count as me. We kept on taking turns shooting, spotting, and refilling our canisters for hours. By the time we stopped, even with all the ones we killed there were thousands of zombs on our street.
As of the last census, there were more than a million people in the greater Salt Lake metropolitan area. I hoped to hell that there werent that many zombies. We had each taken out hundreds of zombs. Many of them used to be our neighbors. You would think we would be all shaken up by this. None of us had ever killed anyone before, but the zombies we had taken out were so clearly not human any longer that none of us were badly shaken. I think it would have been different if one of us turned zombie, but this hadnt happened.
For the past weeks, Frank, Ryan, and I had been playing games on our laptops, shooting a few zombies, and just hanging out, hoping the government, army, LDS Church, or whatever would get their acts together. We used our gas generator to recharge our laptop and cell phone batteries. We had enough water to last us another two weeks tops. None of us wanted to talk about what we would do then.
I was in the middle of my once-daily dreaded shit when my cell phone rang. I answered.
Jim, its Mark. Want to go out for some beers?
Mark, uh Mark, what the fuck?
Just kidding, man. Im in a house a few doors down from you across the street. I can see your ass hanging out the window and I know youre busy. Great shot; you just dropped a load on top of the bald zombies head.
Mark, what the fuck!
Jim, I can see youre kind of busy. I dont know what the proper etiquette is when one person in a conversation has his bare ass pointing to another. I havent been in this situation before. Why dont you finish and call me back.

Chapter 10: Jim Wright, October 8th, 4 p.m., Year 1
After I finished my business, I called out, Frank, Ryan, get your asses here. I just got off the phone with Mark Jones. He wants us to call him back.
I met Mark for the first time about a month after Id gotten divorced. I had a lot more free time so I hooked up with the Wasatch Mountain Club and went on a couple of club-organized Tuesday evening mountain bike rides. Mark and I hit it off and ever since then we go out every couple of weeks or so for some beers or to a movie. The best and shortest description of Mark was made by Ryan, who met Mark for the first time in early June when he and Frank moved in. I had invited Mark over for some pizza and beers with us. Mark only lives a couple streets over. Ryan commented after Mark left that fucker is a real-life Bruce Wayne. Ryan was right. Mark is rich. He doesnt work. He has an underground hideaway you can get a car into. He even fights crime. He is Batman.
Shortly after I met Mark, he made the local newspapers. He and I had gone downtown to see a local Ultimate Fighting Championship fight. MMA (Mixed Martial Arts) is huge in Utah, with weekly bouts in a couple of different venues downtown. In the 1990s, Mark used to compete. He never talked much about it but I heard from other guys that he kicked ass. We had stopped for gas and were in the convenience store when two Tongan gangbangers tried to rob the store and us. A bunch of Tongans converted to Mormonism and moved to Utah. It is a common story of ethnic migration. Hardworking parents move to the US for a better life. Some of their kids, instead of taking advantage of their parents hard work, wasted their opportunities and became gangbangers.
These guys had the gangbanger look down. Both were covered with tattoos and both had that square block Polynesian look, six foot tall and about as wide. The one with the shaved head went up to the clerk, pulled out a gun, and told him to open the cash register. The one with the flat-top haircut walked toward us with one of the largest bowie knives Ive ever seen. The blade had to be over a foot long.
Im 63 but I weigh 175 pounds on a good day. Im an average lover and Im a much worse fighter. The last time I was in a fight was when I was twelve, and I got my ass kicked. Mark is maybe 59 if he is wearing shoes and he weighs less than I do. The flat-top guy had to weigh close to 300 pounds and it looked like a lot of that was muscle. When gangbanger told me to give him my wallet, I said sure and reached into my pocket to give it to him.
At the time, Mark had the door of the cooler open and was reaching for a can of Bud Light. Instead of saying what I expected him tolike Sure, Ill give you my walletMark said something completely off the wall, You think your friend wants a beer? Both the Tongan and I paused, like you do when someone says something that makes no sense at all and youre trying to figure it out. We were both thinking Did he say what I think he said and why would he say that?, Mark proceeds to wind up like a major league baseball pitcher and throws that can of Bud Light at the shaved guys head. The can must have been going close to eighty miles an hour when it hit the back of his head. It exploded and the guy just collapsed. I read in the Salt Lake Tribune that his skull was fractured and he was in a coma for three days.
The one with the knife, not surprisingly, then decided to stab Mark. Calmly, like he had all the time in the world, Mark stepped to the outside of Flat-tops arm, grabbed his right wrist with his own right hand, then pushed his left palm into the back of the guys right elbow while it was straight. I heard a crack and then saw the gangbangers right elbow bend the wrong way. The poor guy screamed, dropped the knife from his right hand and reached for Mark with his left. Mark then did the same thing to the guys left elbow and then, for good measure, kicked Flat-tops left knee and broke it.
The Salt Lake Tribune, the more liberal of our two local newspapers, had an editorial recommending Mark be prosecuted for use of excessive force. According to the Tribune, Mark should have given the gangbangers his wallet instead of permanently harming them physically. Utah is one of the reddest states in the Union; no prosecutor who wanted to keep his job was willing to take this case.
When straight guys meet Mark, they have one of two reactions. 1. They hate him because he is an arrogant, cocky son-of-a-bitch and, as a friend of Marks, I have to say they are right; or 2. They get a man-crush because Dude! He is cool. Hes the closest thing to a real-life superhero that most guys will ever meet. Im a 33-year-old guy that reads comic books and plays with air guns. I had a man-crush. Ryan had an unusual reaction. He both hated Mark and had a man-crush, explaining the term fucker and the comparison to Batman.
Mark and I werent that close. On average wed see each other a couple times a month. Mark came over to the house when Frank and Ryan moved in with me. We all went out for beers to a sports bar a few times afterwards. After hanging out with Mark a couple times, Frank and Ryan were convinced Mark was a mutant. You have to understand that, in June, everyone in the US was panicking because of the zombies. People in the US split into three major groups: the largest group thought it was a possibility the US would be overrun by zombies and procrastinated preparing; a smaller group thought an outbreak in the US was a real probability and started preparing; and the smallest group, which kept getting smaller, refused to believe an outbreak in the US was possible.
People got uncomfortable talking about their disaster prep, because you didnt want to brag if you were more prepared, or to get jealous if you were less prepared, or stress out someone who thought the government was going to protect them. Regardless of what you were doing or what you believed, it was stressful. Almost all social gatherings were tense. My house was the only one on our street with boarded-up windows. Our active LDS neighbors planned on holing up in the ward. Our non-LDS neighbors had plans to leave the city for cabins and homes in more rural areas, or kept on talking about how they were going to board up their windows, but never got around to it.
Im a computer programmer, Frank is a mechanical engineer, and Ryan is a lawyer, so we all made a decent living. None of us would have ever considered moving in with each other if it werent for zombies and the need to have each others back. It was a nerve-wracking time. Frank, Ryan, and I were all single guys without families in Utah who didnt go to church. We ended up with each other because we didnt know anyone else and because we felt better off being in a small group where everyone was competent than being in a large group potentially filled with idiots. Ryan can be annoying but hes definitely not an idiot. I used to be a Temple-recommend member of the LDS Church; I know all about being forced to spend time in groups with a decent percentage of idiots.
Im not saying that all Mormons are idiots. The LDS Church was one of the few large organizations that actually had its act together in terms of disaster prep and I was a practicing Mormon until three years ago. By definition, fifty percent of every large group that lets anyone join is below average. Im a computer programmer. I know how much an idiot can screw up a group project; every group is as smart as the dumbest member. I didnt want my life to depend on someone who had at least a 50% chance of being below average.
We knew Mark had a house that was completely energy- and water-independent, so a certain degree of comfort with all the craziness was reasonable, but it was clear to us that Mark wasnt worried at all. He acted like he didnt even notice there was a zombie problem. Ryan just couldnt grasp how Mark could be so comfortable going solo, and kept asking Mark if he planned on getting any roommates. I think Ryan was trying to finagle an invite for all of us to move into Marks house. I knew Mark well enough to know that wouldnt happen. On occasion, Mark would smile and say living with others wasnt his style or would just look mildly annoyed and ignore Ryan. It was amazing that Mark seemed more concerned about running the Wasatch 100 than preparing for a zombie outbreak. It figures that of all the people in the world, it would be Mark who would be the first to call us.
Once Frank and Ryan got to me, I pulled out my cell and called Mark. He answered right away.
Mark its me. Ive got you on speaker phone. Frank and Ryan are here.
Hey, guys, how you doing?
Mark, you saw my ass hanging out the window. How do you think were doing?
Ok, enough of the small talk. The part of you that I saw looked pretty healthy. Are Frank and Ryan doing Ok?
Sure, why?
You probably noticed most zombies wandering around outside werent bitten. If any of you gets sick and begin to vomit, you need to tie that guy up quickly because thats a warning sign of a zombie conversion.
None of us have been sick. Mark, were going to run out of water soon. You have any ideas?
Yeah, Ive got some. I bet you about half the population of Salt Lake got turned into zombies within a couple hours on the 11th. That means that there are about 500 thousand zombies around here.
Shit, thats not good.
Its actually better than you might think. Most of them are gathered by the tens of thousands around the LDS wards. Zombies are attracted to sound and the wards have been shooting off rounds like theres no tomorrow. Ive been scoping out your house for a couple hours. I saw Ryan using an air rifle to take out a few zombies. Whenever one of you comes into sight, zombies start screaming and in few minutes there are a couple thousand of them in front of your house. When you guys are out of sight, the number of zombies in front of your house thins out to a less than a thousand.
I know the number of zombies in front of your house seem endless, but if you take out a couple thousand of them, you will have gotten rid of most of the zombies in your neighborhood. Then it will be safe for you to leave your house and come to mine. My house has plenty of water. Whatever you guys do, dont use real guns. Keep on using your air guns. The sound of a gunshot will bring zombies for miles around.
OK, well start right away.
One other thing, and this is important: you got to do everything in the daylight or be within ten feet of at least two 100-watt electric blubs at all times.
Why?
The fun doesnt stop with zombies. We also have to deal with vampires.
Mark, youre shitting me.
Wish I was, Jim. I killed a vampire a month ago. It was a tough son-of-a-bitch. I got lucky. It should have killed me. Ive been playing around with its dead body and if you expose it to sunlight, or to the equivalent of two 100-watt bulbs, its flesh starts to melt. Its around four now. Its going to get dark enough in three hours to be dangerous. Close up all your windows then and board them up temporarily. Turn on every light you have in your house and stay in one room. It takes at least 15 minutes of exposure to strong light for a vamps skin to start melting, so being in the light is not absolute protection. You got enough power in your generator to make it through the night?
We got enough gas to last a month but I wouldnt want to depend on it for more. Wait, if we start having to use our air-compressor to constantly fill up our scuba tanks, which well have to do if we need to shoot a couple thousand zombies, well have enough power to barely last a few days.
Well, if you guys use up all the daylight possible for the next three or four days, you should be able to wipe out most of the zombies around your house. Get all the stuff you want packed and ready to be moved quickly tonight. Give me a call when you clear out all the zombies. I recommend you call me instead of driving or walking to my house. Traveling outside is a little tricky now and itd probably be best for me to pick you guys up.
Alright, Mark, well get started on the zombs now and call you tomorrow.
Ok, Ive got some errands to do while its light out and then Im headed to my house. See you guys in a few days.
I closed up my cell phone. I looked up at Frank and Ryan. I shook my head. Ryan said, That fucker killed a vampire and is now out in the middle of zombies doing errands. Does that make any sense?
I said, Sense or not, it sounds like Mark. Lets get as many zombies as we can today, while its still light out.

Chapter 11: Mark Jones, September 14th, Year 1
After I killed the vampire, I lay on the ground for what seemed like hours, but was probably just a few minutes. Have you ever been driving for awhile then notice you have no memory of what youd been doing for the last few miles? Thats what happened to me for the rest of the night. I remember getting up off the ground and deciding to take apart my next-door neighbors picnic table, like Id planned. The next thing I knew, I woke up. My alarm clock said it was around noon.
I had obviously showered and undressed, but I didnt have any memory of doing this. I walked into my lair in my bathrobe. I turned on the light. Shit! I had just killed a vampire and then had slept with all the lights off in my bedroom. God damn it. I cant continue to be this stupid. Im oblivious to the end of the world for six months and almost die by zombie in my tighty-whities yesterday. I kill a vampire, and then sleep in the dark. Im a frigging idiot.
Just inside the lair from my bedroom door was the disassembled picnic table. On top of the pile of wood was the decapitated head of the vampire I had killed. I had brought the vamps body into the lair last night.
The vamp looked like the one from the movie Nosferatu, played by Max Schreck. You know the old black-and-white silent flick with the scary-looking bald guy with the big bat-like ears and the needle-like teeth. This was no Edward from Twilight. I picked up the head by its ears. Man, it was ugly. I wondered what I did with its body. I have two freezers in my lair where I store meat from my deer and elk hunts. I opened the one I knew had been empty. Yup, the rest of the vampires body was in there. The heart wasnt there; must have left it outside.
I looked at the vamps head. I decided that since Bob the zombie was no longer around, the vamp would have to be Bob Junior. I wondered if I could mount it.
I needed to get working. Daylight was being wasted. I wasnt going to go out in the night again. So what if zombies went to sleep at night, zombies were a lot less dangerous than vampires. I went back into my bedroom to get dressed. When I got back into the lair, Bob Juniors head was melting. All its flesh was liquefying and dripping off its skull. I had left the lights on while getting dressed. This was proof vampires couldnt handle being in the light. It had taken about twenty minutes of being in the light to start the dissolving process. It took close to an hour for all the flesh to melt and evaporate into the air. Only Bobs skull was left. It looked like a normal human skull but had needle-sharp teeth like a predatory fishnot quite like a sharks, but more like a freshwater predator such as a pike or barracuda.
I needed to find out exactly how long it took to melt a vampire with light. I needed to know how much light was necessary to cause its flesh to melt. I got out my butchering knives and cut into the meat of Bobs right leg, just below the knee, and chopped off a couple pieces. Cutting into the meat was tough but it could be done. I tried to use the knife to cut into the bone; it felt like I was trying to cut metal. When I had cut off its head last night I had cut through ligaments, not the bone. If I ever fought a vamp again, I needed to avoid attacking its bones. Its bones were like armor. It was lucky that when I fought it last night, I attacked the soft tissues of its throat. I worked in the dark, with just a candle for light. Bobs flesh wasnt harmed by the candle light. I didnt know how long it would be before I could find another vamp body to study. I wanted to save as much of its body and flesh as I could.
The vamp had 3-inch-long claws at the ends of its fingers. The claws on its hands were razor-sharp and they werent retractable. Vampires were not meant to be tool users. I guess I would never get a text message from one. The vamp had smaller retractable claws on its toes. If it wanted to run quickly, it would keep its claws retracted, but if it wanted to climb or get a lot of traction quickly it could pull out its toe claws.
I found out that at least two 100-watt bulbs are needed to melt vamp flesh. Within 15 to 20 minutes, the flesh began to melt. This meant you couldnt use light alone to kill a vamp. Fifteen minutes would be plenty of time for a vamp to kill anyone. Hopefully, a vamp wouldnt willingly enter a lit room; I planned to keep my lights on at all times.
I cut up the wood from the picnic table and made as many 6-inch-wide steps that I could out of the salvaged wood. I needed to mount the steps on the fences all around my neighborhood. I put on my leather jacket and mountain bike armor, grabbed my bow and the mace I had made yesterday, and went up to the main floor. It took several trips to bring everything I wanted including my cordless drill and a box of a couple hundred screws. I went to my laptop and checked my outside cameras. In front of the house there were about 12 zombies feeding on the Harrisons bodies.
Well, it was better to be lucky than good. Its illegal in most states to bait game, but unethical hunters have been known to leave out food and salt for deer so they get used to coming to one spot. The first day of the hunt, those hunters get easy kills. Without planning it, I have been baiting zombies. All the zombies from my street and several streets over were most likely in front of my house.
I went up the stairs to the window from which I had shot the Harrisons. Medieval English archers could accurately shoot six times a minute with 150-pound bows. I was using a 100-pound bow. I wasnt as strong as the medieval archers but I was as fast. My vision focused one at a time on each zombies head and I slowed my breath so each inhale took the count of three. With every inhale I drew my bow, and at the count of three I released. Time slowed. The zombies didnt notice the first three being killed. After I shot the fourth, they saw me and started screaming. I was in the zone; I didnt care. I took 12 shots and 12 zombies were down. The last eight had been staring up at me and all those had an arrow though the right eye.
I looked outside my window, across and up and down my street. There were no zombies around. Counting the arrows I had shot yesterday at the Harrisons, I had 15 out in my front yard. I had a limited number of arrows, and carbon-fiber arrow shafts were going to be hard to replace. I ran down the stairs, leaving my bow and grabbing the mace. I took the time to put on leather motorcycle gloves; I didnt want zombie juice on my hands. I grabbed my arrows just below the head and pulled them out of the zombies skulls. The shafts in the ones in the Harrisons heads were broken and not worth salvaging.
I looked around, still no zombies. It looked like the minute or so the zombies had spent screaming hadnt been long enough to summon more. I needed to get working; I only had a few hours of daylight left. I went up and down my neighborhood, going over fences and setting up steps on either side of each fence. I worked as quickly as I could. It was awkward having to carry everything, bow, mace, wooden steps, cordless drill, and screws. I got steps on all the fences in the yards near my house before dark. When I got home, I covered all the windows with dark sheets and turned on all the lights. 

Chapter 12: Mark Jones, September 15th, Year 1 
I set my alarm to wake me up with low-volume music at first light. I took the time to make coffee and eat a good breakfast. It was going to be a long day.
I got up to my hunting window. There were seven zombies feeding on my bait. It took ten arrows to kill them all. When I went down to get my arrows, I noticed the dead zombies werent rotting. I remembered reading a dead zombies flesh was still full of live viruses and, given enough time, a zombie could heal from a head wound. I took my mace and broke in the tops of all the zombie skulls. Ive never crushed a skull before. It was like smashing melonsyou could hear a thunk, followed by a quiet squishy splash. You didnt quite hear the squish; you felt it. I had a large pile of bodies out in my front yard and I was grateful I was being spared the stench of rotting flesh. Why didnt zombies rot?
It was time to explore my neighbors homes. I made the decision to use my neighbors dining room tables to board up my main floor windows and reinforce my doors. Wooden dining room tables are made up of extremely strong water-resistant plywood. Since I was going to be indoors without a lot of room to run, I put on my leather pants and jacket. I also wore my mountain bike arm and leg armor. I considered wearing a helmet but again decided not to. Having better vision was more important.
As I thought about having to explore unlit houses, my heart rate started to rise. Man, I didnt want to go up against another vampire. Too bad I couldnt see through walls. Wait a minute: One of the first things I had done when I started renovating my house was to tear down all the walls so I could insulate it properly. When the house had been originally built in the 1950s, it wasnt standard practice to use any insulation. I had a drinking buddy at the time who worked as a firefighter. He advised me to use a thermal camera to see where my house needed insulation. He knew about thermal cameras because firefighters use them to look through smoke and walls. Thermal cameras help firefighters find fires in buildings and can also find trapped people. If I could salvage a thermal camera from the local fire station, I would be able to look into a house from the outside and see if there were vampires in it.
When Bob had been alive, he must have had a body temp of at least 120. There was no way something that fast or that strong could have a slow metabolism. Vampires were turbo charged humans. They would need a lot more oxygen than humans. It made sense that nailing a vamp in the heart would bring it down. A vamp needed a constant flow of oxygen and fuel to its tissues. Shut off the blood supply and the vamp would shut down. With a thermal camera, I would be able to see through walls. I could see the vampire before it saw me.
The closest fire station was on 15 West and 1300 South, about two-and-a-half miles northwest from my house. Salt Lake City and its suburbs, like Sugar House, are laid out in a grid pattern. The Salt Lake City Temple is the center and then every street out from the Temple is labeled by its coordinates based on how far north, south, east, or west it is from the Temple. Many streets in Utah are described by coordinates rather than having street names. Before the zombie outbreak, two-and-a-half miles was almost next door to me; now it seemed like a huge distance. I had to decide whether it was better to get the thermal camera first or to explore my neighbors homes first. The fire station may not even have a thermal camera. I decided I needed to secure my house and neighborhood first.
When I left my house two days ago, I hadnt known what to expect. Id been worried that if a zombie had a chance to scream, I would be attacked by a mass of zombies. I knew now as long as I kept the sound down to a reasonable level, and took all the zombies out in a couple of minutes, I was good. I needed to start gathering dining room tops. I got a backpack and put some tools and a battery-operated skill-saw in it. I thought about bringing my bow, but how was I going to carry a quiver of arrows, and a mace along with my tools? It was easier in books and movies. You always had the tools you needed without ever worrying about how to carry the damn things. I needed to figure out how to carry my mace and bow at the same time.
I went to my next door neighbors house, the one on the opposite side of my house from where I had salvaged the picnic table. I knew the Jacksons had a kitchen table and a nice cherry veneer formal dining room table. The back door was locked. I brought out my bump key set. I learned about bump keys from a documentary. Locksmiths in Denmark figured out how to make a skeleton key that can open any pin tumbler lock. They are called bump keys because you put the key into keyhole and then bump and jostle it to get it to work. Id checked on the internet and found bump keys were cheap. Fiddling around with technology is one of the ways I used to kill time, so I bought a set. Sure, I could have smashed open the door, but there was a good reason to not break through a window or door: noise. I needed to use the skill-saw. If I broke through a window or door, there would be a lot more noise coming from the house.
I opened the door and entered. My mace was ready. I closed the door and moved over to the dining room, which couldnt be seen from the front of the house. The dining room had a vaulted ceiling that was high enough. I pushed the table over to a corner that backed into two walls and got on top of it. I turned and faced the two openings out of the dining room. I called out, Hey zombie, zombie, zombie, zombie. Come out to play-ay. There was no way I was going to be one of those idiots in horror movies that wandered around a dark house just asking to be ambushed. Zombies are attracted to sound. I was going to draw them out where I could see them while I was in an easily defendable position.
When I had looked at the surveillance tapes recorded by my cameras, I tried to see which of my neighbors had left their homes or had been killed. I hadnt seen any of the Jacksonsmom, dad, or two teenage kidsleave their home.
Hey zombie, zombie, zombie, come and get it.
I heard slow footsteps coming toward me. It sounded like all four Jacksons had turned. I was glad I had gloves on. My palms were wet. All of the Jacksons arrived. When they were alive, the entire family had been obese. In the past couple of days since they had turned, they looked like theyd all lost weight. It was subtle; maybe it was just the coloration. I guess being grey would make you look skinnier than being white.
I stepped back. They couldnt reach me without climbing on the table. I brought my mace down on top of Felixs head. His head collapsed with a crunch and, as he collapsed, I kicked his body toward his dad to slow him down. This gave me the time to hit his sisters head just as she was getting to the table. Al Jackson had only been slowed for a second by his sons body. I struck straight down on his head with so much force the head of my mace went down past his nose. I was glad I had thought to make a mace. If I had used an axe, it probably would have gotten stuck in Als head and that would have been bad.
Bashing in zombie heads was a skill like any other. At first, you waste energy and make beginner mistakes. I was learning the exact amount of force necessary to crush a skull. I hit Susan Jackson with a sideways stroke aimed at her left temple. I used the turn of my torso to generate the force. The muscles of my arms were loose. In both golf and baseball, if you try to generate force with your arms you actually lose power. I figured it would be the same with skull crushing. My grip was firm but not overly tight. Yup, it was perfect. Susans head collapsed with a minimum of effort.
I called out again and waited. No more footsteps. The skill-saw would be louder than my voice. I walked through the house to make sure all the windows and doors were closed. I did not go down into the basement. It was going to be a long day. I needed another ten table tops.

Chapter 13: Mark Jones, September 15th, Year 1 
I entered my 9th house of the day. Some of the houses I had gone into had glass dining room tables. A couple of houses, like the Jacksons, had two usable table tops. I needed one more table top. I was tired. I should have taken a break. If I had been rested I might have been able to avoid the zombie that attacked me from behind as soon as I entered into the kitchen. I was knocked forward to my knees and hands. Shit! I could feel teeth trying to bite through my leather jacket, between the collar and my shoulder.
Four feet in front of me was a male zombie, probably dad, and coming down the hallway was a zombie that had been a 12-year-old kid a couple days ago. It was probably mom who was biting me. I had to slow dad down. While still on my knees and one hand, I picked up my mace with my left. I took a wild one-handed swing with my mace and hit the side of dads knee. The knee snapped sideways and dad fell to the floor. Ignoring mom, who was still trying to bite through my motorcycle jacket, I rose to my knees, got a two-handed grip on my mace, and smashed it down on top of Dads head. Then I took the bottom end of my mace handle and knocked it against mom with as much force as I could, twisting toward her while standing up. It was an awkward move and I wasnt able to get a lot of force behind the blow, but mom weighed 125 pounds at most, and zombies arent particularly strong. So I was able to get her off me and stand up facing her. She had her mouth open, her hands out, grabbing for me. She was getting off her knees.
I was too close to her to get the leverage to smash her head. I took my mace handle and shoved it about a foot into her throat. This gave me the leverage so that, with one hand near my mace head, I could keep her mouth away from me. I was able to grab a knife from a cutlery-set holder and stab mom in the eye. I immediately pulled my mace handle out of moms mouth, leaving the knife in the skull, which was good because the kid zombie was coming toward me. I had the time to do an overhead smash on top of this zombies head. A 12-year-old kids height was perfect for this move.
The only way into the kitchen from the rest of the house was through the hallway. I threw all of the stools from around the granite island in the kitchen into the hallway so if any zombies came, they would have to climb over them.
Come on you fuckers!
Nothing came. I waited. Still nothing came. I took off my backpack and jacket. I touched where mom had had been biting me. There was no blood. She hadnt broken skin. The strap of my backpack and the leather jacket had prevented her from getting her teeth into me.
I checked the windows and doors to make sure they were all closed. I smashed all the zombie heads one more time to make sure they stayed dead. I then took the dining room table top off. The table top was held on by screws, so I didnt have to use the skill-saw. Good thing, the battery was about dead. It was awkward carrying the table top while also holding my mace, but I had done this 11 times before and I was almost used to it. I made it back to my house.
I wanted to sit down in my bedroom, listen to some music and get drunk, but I had windows all around my main floor that some zombie could just walk through. I had been lucky for four days. I couldnt keep depending on luck.
Then it struck me how funny this was. I needed to do shit that I didnt want to because I had to. This is how the rest of world felt about going to work before the 11th; it took the end of the world, zombies, and vampires to make me do something I didnt want to. I was some piece of work.
I finished boarding up my windows a little before midnight. I had boarded them from the inside; it was too dangerous to work outside. I used wood screws every six inches and made sure all the screws were solidly in the wood studs around the windows. I reinforced both my outside doors and my door from the main floor to the basement bedroom. I put in a wooden door across the upstairs window so I could lock it up when I wasnt shooting from it.
The house was now zombie-proof but it wasnt vampire-proof. A vampire could rip through my roof like it was tissue paper and there was no way I could reinforce it by myself in a reasonable period of time. My defense against vampires was to keep lights on at all times and sleep in my lair instead of my bedroom. My lair was made of reinforced concrete and the doors to the lair from my garage and bedroom were commercial metal blast doors. The freight elevator in the garage was made of industrial steel and could be locked from my lair. I could only use the garage, bedroom and the rest of my house in daylight.

Chapter 14: Mark Jones, September 16th, Year 1
I woke up at first light again. I promised myself that today I would take a break every few hours. If mommy zombie hadnt tried to take a bite out of my shoulder where it was protected by my backpack strap and jacket, if she had bit me in the neck or on the back of my head, I would be dead. I couldnt let myself get that tired again. I absolutely had to stay alert.
I went upstairs to my second floor and opened the window to my front yard. There were eight zombies eating bait. It took just a few minutes to take care of them.
My house was now boarded up. Today, I was going to explore, but first I had to make sure that if a swarm of zombies were chasing me, I could lose them. Zombies didnt seem to have much of a memory. Apparently, for zombies it was basically out-of-sight for a half hour or more, out-of-mind. I went next door to the Jacksons with a pry bar and my cordless skill-saw. The Jacksons still had the original hardwood floor that was installed when their house was built in the 1950s. The floor was just planks of wood on top of beams. If I pulled up a 6-foot gap in the floors and cut out the crossbeams, I could easily jump over the gap but zombies couldnt. If I destroyed the basement stairs, there would be no way any zombies that fell into the hole could get out of the basement. I planned on staying in the light while cutting the hole in the floor all the way across the house from the top. I would cut away the basement stairs from the top, again staying in the light as much as possible. If there was a vampire in the basement I wouldnt make it easy for it to get to me.
I got the Jackson house done, and then the house directly across the street from it which had been owned by the Harrisons. My plan was to jump into the Harrisons yard, nail as many zombies with my bow as were following me over the fence, and then take off into the Harrisons house and hopefully lose them because of a 6-foot gap in the floor. I left my bow and a quiver of arrows on top of a large patio table. The table was about ten feet away from the fence I planned on coming over. It was too hard to run while carrying both my mace and bow. I reminded myself again that I needed to figure out a way to carry both. My plan was to clear out one area of zombies and then slowly make my way to the fire station, eliminating zombies as I went.
Hopefully, the fire station would have a thermal camera. Zombies werent too bad, but vampires sucked. I never wanted to have to go hand-to-hand with one again. Having a camera would allow me to see vampires through walls and help me avoid them. I needed to head two-and-a-half miles northwest to get to the fire station. I was going to make a quarter-mile detour due east to check out the ward closest to my house; this is the ward where I thought the gunshots were coming from the other day.
I walked out into my street and headed past the stop sign. I saw three zombies. One was dressed like a construction worker, wearing a hard hat. The first one that saw me began to scream and all three headed my way. I walked away from them at the same speed they were using to head my way. I didnt want any of them to lose sight of me. I lead them into the backyard next to the Harrisons then used the 6-inch wooden step I had installed to get over the fence. I had plenty of time to get over it and to get on top of the patio table. I picked up my bow. The three zombies slowly climbed over the fence. I was just ten feet away from them. It was no big deal to nail each zombie in the face. I aimed for their open mouths. The arrows went through the back of their mouths in to the base of their skulls, dropping them immediately. The hard hat wasnt a big deal.
It was simple to then smash in their heads for extra safety and drag them in front of my house with the other bait. The pile of bodies in front of my house was getting out of hand. I needed to figure out soon what to do with them; another thing to figure out later. Thank God their bodies didnt smell.
I went down the street and past the stop sign again. A half-block up the street another group of zombies saw me. It was time to go back to the Harrisons. Again I kept my pace slow, at the same speed as the zombies coming toward me. It was simple to nail them in the head while they climbed over the fence. The pile of bodies in front of my house got larger. This was going much better than I thought it would.
I took five more trips up and down my street, bringing in zombies and then killing them before I got within sight of the ward. Holy shit! The ward was surrounded by zombies. They were mashed tight against the fence. There were thousands of them, maybe even a hundred thousand. There had to be people alive in the ward. Only the presence of living, moving, breathing humans could keep so many zombies in sight. I hoped they would last for as long as possible. The only reason zombies were so sparse around my house was because the ward was keeping so many of them occupied. If I was going to survive, I needed help. I needed to make sure the people in the ward stayed alive.
One of the problems I had with all the end-of-the-world movies I had seen before the 11th was in almost all of themexcept for the one where people hid out in a shopping mall, which, by the way, is my favorite zombie moviesurviving humans wandered around going from town to town, losing people to ambush in every town. The only way to survive for long when everything is out to get you is to control your environment. There is absolutely no way to control your environment when you are constantly moving from town to town. People who flee without a plan are just victims, refugees hoping to find someplace, somewhere, where someone else will save them. The life expectancy of a refugee in this world was going to be nil.
Im not a victim. A zombie or a vampire might get me but God damn it, I wasnt going to run and I would take a hell of a lot of them with me. Better yet, I wasnt going to die; I was going to kill every single zombie and vampire that got in my way, and the only way I was going to do this was with other people. I have flaws. God knows, every woman I have ever dated has been happy to tell me what they are. For my entire life, I have been a completely selfish bastard and a loner. I dont have any friends, just some guys I drink with. The funniest, most entertaining guy I know has always been me and the only guy I ever needed to have around was me. Im my own hero. When I say this to other people, they laugh because they think Im joking. Im not. Im serious. The person Ive admired most has always been me.
If I was going to survive, I needed to have people I could trust. If there were tens of thousands of zombies in just the few blocks from my house, there had to be hundreds of thousands in the greater Salt Lake area, and who knows how many millions in Utah. If I was going to control my environment, I needed every single human who was still alive on my side. For the past three days, I had been staying alive one day at a time. I needed to start thinking about how to get rid of the hundreds of thousands of zombies and whatever number of vampires in this city.

Chapter 15: Helen Hansen, September 16th, Year 1
My name is Helen Hansen. Five days ago the world had ended and my mother wanted to know why I didnt have a boyfriend. I was on Skype with my family in Nebraska.
Mom, Im in a barricade surrounded by thousands of zombies. I really do have more pressing problems than not having a boyfriend.
Honey, first it was getting a college degree, next it was getting a PhD from MIT, then it was because you needed to get tenure, now its zombies. Sounds to me, you keep on finding excuses.
I started laughing. The last five days had been so stressful. Like always, talking to my family was making me laugh and want to tear out my hair at the same time. What was so infuriating and so funny about this conversation was my mother was serious.
I had been on Skype with my family in Nebraska almost every day since March 21st, when my father called me and asked me to quit my job as a tenured professor in the Engineering department of the University of Utah. My father is the CEO of one of the largest incorporated family farms in the United States. All six of my younger brothers work for the family corporation. Almost all family-owned farms in the United States lose money. Every year the average age of farmers gets older as their children leave the farm. My familys farm has consistently been one of the most profitable in the United States.
Each year, when my father is planning the next years crop, he has to predict what the government will do, global politics, the weather in Nebraska, and the global weather. The difference between successful and failed farmers is in how well they plan for the future. My father has been successful enough in his predictions that almost every year he made enough profits to buy more land. Some of his success was based on luck but most of it was based on his attention to any news that could affect the future prices of crops.
My father had been watching the situation in Kenya since January when the first rumors of zombies came out. He had been following the media stories about the zombie outbreaks, and using Google Earth and a paid satellite service to look at satellite pictures of the zombie-affected areas. In the past, before the zombie outbreaks, he had used satellite images to research how much corn and soybeans were being planted and harvested in the world. My father noticed immediately that as soon as a zombie outbreak occurred, the nighttime views from satellites showed almost a complete absence of artificial lighting. Since all communication from the zombie-outbreak areas stopped within hours of the outbreak, no one knew what was taking out the power and communication, but it had to be more than zombies. Until governments understood what was going on, he didnt think they would be able to stop the spread of zombies.
My father is a rich man and has always contributed the maximum allowable to politicians campaign funds, both as an individual and through our family corporation. He had spoken to both of Nebraskas senators and he wasnt convinced any government including the US could effectively prevent the spread of the zombie outbreak. He told me he was only going to plant enough seed to cover overhead this year. He was going to use all the money he had available to prepare for a zombie outbreak in the US. He wanted me to quit my job and move back to Nebraska.
I love my family, but there is a reason I moved from Nebraska when I was 18 to go to college and never moved back. I love my family but I love them from a distance. Every holiday I spent in Nebraska, every 3rd relative and in-law would ask when I was going to get married and have a family. The idea that a heterosexual woman could be content to be single in her 30s just didnt make sense to my family. No one ever asked me when I was visiting if I was gay, but I know my family. They were concerned about the possibility. My mother is a matriarch. She is smart and competent and is my fathers main advisor and is the only person in our family who can overrule my father. She couldnt understand why any woman would want to be single and not have a family. I wont say death was preferable to living the rest of my life surrounded by relatives, but Ive thought it often.
My father had proven his ability to accurately predict the future year after year. I knew a zombie outbreak in the US was a possibility and I would make preparations for such a possibility. I was going to hope, however, that it wouldnt happen and I wasnt about to give up my career.
In the five years Ive been living in Utah, Ive made some close friends but none of them were in my field. Most of my friends were in the Humanities departments. I was the only female professor in Engineering. My male colleagues are older and married and it didnt help that I had gotten my PhD at an unusually young age from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and by the time I got my assistant professors position, I had two patents that were making me close to six figures in royalties a year. Office politics in academia are always ugly and for a variety of reasons none of the people I was close to were in my department.
People outside Utah know its one of the reddest states in the union, and think it is filled with polygamist Mormons. The rest of Utah may be largely Republican but Salt Lake County, like most urban areas, is reliably Democrat. There are lots of universities in Utah but the ones with a strong rivalry are the University of Utah, a public school, and Brigham Young University, a private school run by the LDS Church. Few of the professors at the University of Utah, especially in the Humanities departments, are Mormons.
My friends in the Humanities departments at the University were mostly single women; the ones who were married were childless. They all reliably vote Democrat; I do too. We all had the typical academic political beliefs and lifestyles. The only difference between me and my friends was that I didnt believe conservatives were stupid. I know if I directly asked any one of my friends whether they thought Republicans were dumber than Democrats, they would answer no, but that wasnt the way most of them acted.
When they found out I had grown up on a farm and my family still ran it, most of my friends asked if I was the first person in my family to get an education. My father is a farmer who earned an MBA from Harvard, and who runs a multimillion-dollar corporation. Two of my brothers have PhDs and three of them have Masters Degrees. The only reason my youngest brother doesnt have a post-graduate degree is because he just graduated from college. I was amazed to find that all my friends at the University seemed to believe it took no intelligence to run a successful farm or business. I am a liberal myself but it became clear to me that most highly-educated liberals think that conservatives are either unintelligent (i.e., Bush) or evil (i.e., Cheney). Im the first and only Hansen in three generations to be a registered Democrat, but the rest of my family is neither stupid nor evil.
When it became clear in mid-April that all of Europe was overrun with zombies, it seemed the only conversation anyone had was whether they thought there would be a zombie outbreak in the US, and if there was, what they were going to do about it. My friends separated into three main camps: one planned on going to a government-designated disaster center that was not fortified or supplied with weapons; the second refused to believe the US government wouldnt be able to prevent a zombie outbreak; and the third decided to form a co-op and set up their own shelter. Progress on the co-op was held up by a bitter argument between those who wanted to arm the co-op and those who thought having guns in a small enclosure was more dangerous than zombies. After all, guns hadnt prevented zombies from overrunning Africa and Europe.
I realized then that if there was a zombie outbreak in Utah, most of my friends would die. I decided to hope for the best and prepare for the worst. I would keep my job at the University and hope we didnt get a zombie outbreak, but I would also join a group that had a reasonable chance of surviving.
The only Mormon whom I knew well was Orville Johnson, a professor of philosophy. I had worked with him for a year on an advisory council at the University. I figured if any organization would survive a zombie attack, it would be the Mormons. I knew every ward practiced disaster relief even before the zombie outbreaks, and many Mormon families stored a years supply of food at their homes in case of a disaster. I contacted him and found out he was the Bishop of the ward that was just a few blocks from my house. I asked him if I could shelter in the ward with him in case of a zombie attack. I made it clear to him I was not religious and I had no intentions of converting to Mormonism, but if I was allowed a place in his ward, I would volunteer at least 30 hours a week of my time setting up wireless cell phone and satellite communications for his ward and the LDS Church. He told me every ward had a ham radio and one or two radio operators, so it wasnt absolutely necessary to have additional communication options, but it wouldnt hurt, and I could have a place in his ward.
I spent the next couple of months setting up the Forest Dale First Ward with satellite data access. I even set the phone system up so if the landline to the ward went off-line, it would automatically connect through the satellite. I thought it would be a good idea to set the ward to handle Skype communications with other wards nearby so the separate wards could coordinate by video conferencing if they needed to. I set up wireless cameras around and in our ward, and by early September had also set up wireless cameras in the two wards closest to us. I set up the cameras to be accessible from all three wards.
All this work was fun. As a professor, I had theoretical knowledge of all the things I was doing but had never had an opportunity to put them into practice before. Working full-time at the University, followed by 30 hours a week in the evenings and weekends at the ward, kept me busy.
My closest friend in Utah was Cecilia Swanson, also a professor at the University. She specialized in modern French Literature. Before the zombies, we were so close we described each other as sisters who had been separated at birth. She took my decision to shelter in an LDS ward as a betrayal and a rejection of her personally. She was one of the first organizers of the co-op and she was the foremost proponent of not bringing guns into the shelter. She was adamant that guns only caused harm and never did any good. She constantly brought up the fact that guns had failed to prevent the outbreaks from spreading in Africa, the Middle East, and Europe. I told her that refusing to use guns because of what happened in Africa and Europe was the equivalent of saying that since every defeated army in the past hundred years had used guns, not using guns would win wars. Cecilia called me a condescending bitch, and since that argument on June 6th we had stopped talking completely.
The US government set up barbed wire and armed guards all along the Mexican border. All deployed Navy fleets were recalled to guard our coasts, and the US was working closely with the Canadians. But basically nothing was being done to help civilians prepare. The only useful thing the Federal Government did was to set up AM and FM radio stations all across the US. They were kept silent, but if there was an outbreak, an emergency signal would be broadcast. Every American citizen was encouraged to be within hearing distance of a radio tuned to one of these stations at all times.
I was allowed to store a small number of personal belongings and clothing at the Forest Dale First Ward. I was spending so much time after work there I filled up all my allotted storage by June. On the night of September 11th, I woke up to the sound of an emergency broadcast. I slept in a t-shirt and sweat pants so I didnt have to take time to get dressed. I only had to pick up a backpack filled with supplies and run to the ward. I made it in less than 15 minutes. There was a stream of cars and pedestrians coming to the ward; I was one of the first ones to enter the gates. Art Bingham, the First Counselor, arrived at the same time I did. He was the man at the ward primarily responsible for disaster preparations, and I had been working closely with him for months.
Art was a really good guy but had a jealous wife. It took only one excruciatingly polite meeting with her to get the message that he was hers and that I was to keep my hands off. I took particular care to talk to Art only when other people were around and made it a point not to wear makeup or flattering clothes. I noticed within a few days that almost all Mormon women took special care to look their best when they were at the ward. I wanted to make clear to all of them that I wasnt interested in their men. Men think they are territorial; women are territorial.
I was really glad that it was Art instead of Hiram Rockwell at the gate. Some of the people entering our gate werent supposed to be there, but Art understood that trying to turn people back, especially in cars, would create a massive slow-down. Im pretty sure Hiram would have tried to keep some of these people out. Art asked me to help his wife and daughter pack cars in as tight as possible. In addition to the cars, there was a stream of families who lived close enough to walk to the ward. Due to the traffic, it was probably quicker for most people to walk.
I was still helping direct cars when I heard gunfire. The gates had been closed and there were still people outside. I heard screaming and could see zombies attacking. I was next to a car when its rear passenger-side door opened. A zombie came out. I screamed for help. Stacy, Arts wife, may be jealous but shes also fearless. She ran over and grabbed the zombies right arm. I grabbed the zombies left. Neither of us was armed. The zombie lurched from one of us to the other, trying to bite us. Stacy was crying and screeching at the top of her lungs but she didnt let go and neither did I. She had an amazingly loud voice. Her son Peter came running up to us holding a military style assault rifle. He placed the barrel of the gun into the zombies mouth and shot. The back of the zombies head blew out and it dropped. I hugged Stacy. Both of us were crying. She had saved my life.
Stacy then turned to Peter and hugged him so hard he almost dropped his rifle. He kept on saying Mom, you got to let me go. I need to go shoot more zombies. I went over to them and tugged on Stacys arm.
Stacy, we have to gather all the people without guns and get them into a secure location. Peter, some zombies have made it into the fence. You have to go with us and make sure they dont hurt anyone.
We got everyone without a gun into the chapel. They were mostly women and children. Only one more zombie had made it into our fence and by the time we saw it, it had already been shot by a woman with a handgun. Once it was clear we didnt have any zombies with us in the chapel, Peter left to join the rest of the men at the gates. Most of the people in the chapel started to pray. I went and got my laptop and tried to get into contact with the two other wards I had set up for video conferencing. I couldnt get anyone on Skype, so I went to the video feeds from the cameras I had set up at the other wards.
The closest ward to us was on Downington Ave, just a few blocks north of us. The cameras showed the zombies had been able to enter the enclosure. Humans were fighting back but were being overrun. The same thing was happening at the ward several blocks east of us. I was able to go back a few minutes on both video feeds to see what had happened.
At Downington Ave, the ward members at the gates had attempted to turn the people who werent supposed to be there back. These people resisted and blocked the gate. By the time the zombies arrived, there were so many people trying to get into the gates they couldnt be closed in time. At the 1200 East ward, the members had kept the gates open too long. No one at their gates had been willing to close them as long as other ward members were still outside. Their compassion for those not yet arrived allowed the zombies to overrun their gates.
Our ham radio operator had not made it into our enclosure in time. I wasnt an expert radio operator but I was able to get in touch with four other wards in the Salt Lake region and a couple of other wards north and south of us. The reach of ham radios depends on the weather and sun-spot activity. We should have been able to contact wards in multiple states pretty consistently, and on occasion, we should have been able to reach wards on the west coast. For some unexplainable reason, the ham radios could only reach wards within a few hundred miles .
All of the surviving wards had to shut the gates on many of their ward members to survive. All of the upper-level LDS Church members, the General Authorities, should have been in secure locations and certainly should have had ham operators available but none could be reached. Within a few hours of the zombie outbreak, the power went out and we had to start up our generators. Around the same time, all the landline phones stopped working. Fortunately, cell phones kept working and we still had access to the internet through the satellite connection I had set up. Within 24 hours of the zombie outbreak, all television, cable, and radio stations that had live coverage were off the air. Only prerecorded broadcasts were available.
The only way to explain how rapidly we lost all media coverage, the electrical grid, landlines, and landline-based internet was sabotage. If you knew what you were doing, it wasnt very hard to wipe out our electrical infrastructure. Large-scale electrical black-outs had happened in the past by accident. On August 14th, 2003, it took only one failed electrical line in Ohio to wipe out power to close to 55 million people in northeastern US and Ontario, Canada, for two days. If our infrastructure were attacked by knowledgeable terrorists, it would be fairly simple, with targeted attacks on the electrical infrastructure in just a few locations, to wipe out the entire landline-based electrical grid in the United States. Landline-based phones for similar reasons would be as easy to take out. Because cell phones used separate physically-disconnected towers which often had battery and solar panel backups, cell phone systems were more difficult to sabotage. Without a functional electrical grid, even with some cell towers up and functioning, anything close to normal cell phone volume would have made cell phones useless, but with the loss of life that had occurred in the last few days, normal volume was not an issue. For obvious reasons, it was much more difficult to wipe out satellites. The lack of all communications from the Federal and local governments had to be due to sabotage. Our inability to contact the LDS General Authorities couldnt be explained in any other way.
On the 12th, both of Orville Johnsons sons disappeared, and the next night Orville and his wife went missing. That same day our ward ran out of ammo. The good news was for now, cell phones still worked. Art couldnt get into contact with his daughter who lived in Washington, DC, but was able to establish cell phone contact with his daughter who lived in Provo, Utah. Both Art and I had encouraged all ward members to bring their laptops to the ward and I was able to get Skype working on most of them. A small number of us were able to contact friends and family members who had access to generator power and wireless internet.
The mood in the ward was grim. None of us had expected much help from the Federal or state governments, but we had been expecting to have guidance and help from the LDS General Authorities and the other wards around us. I coped by trying to help the other women and children in the ward in small ways. Stacy, the woman that had saved my life, was frantic because we had completely lost communications with Washington, DC, where her oldest daughter and her only grandchild had been living. She asked me what it meant that we couldnt raise her daughters ward in DC. I looked into her eyes and lied to her. I told her there were a number of technical reasons that could explain why we had lost our ability to communicate with her daughters ward, even though they were doing well. Stacy knew the most likely explanation. Stacy didnt want the truth from me; she wanted comfort. Thankfully, Stacys other daughter in Provo was doing well and she was able to speak to her every day by cell phone.
I helped as many people as I could use the internet or the satellite phone system I had set up to contact friends and family members. I got a gaming system up on a server that I had set up in the ward so any child, teenager, or adult could hook up into it to play games against each other. None of us had any place to go or any real chores we had to do. We had enough food and water. The LDS Church emergency planners had everything planned out, including food, water, and waste disposal, for three months for 800 people. We even had little 3-gallon solar showers available. We took showers in the bathrooms so we had to use cold water but it was better than any other alternative. Only 400 or so of us were in the enclosure, so we were good for six months, but we had nothing to do. The tension in the ward was intense and setting up computer games helped decrease some of it.
Stacy and I became close. We had nothing in common, but during Armageddon that didnt seem to matter. It was strange, but getting to know Stacy helped me deal with my mom. Stacy and my mom were similar in many ways. Both of them put their families first over everything else and neither had any problems embarrassing their children in public. Because I wasnt related to her, it was easier to see that Stacy loved her children intensely, even when she was fighting with them or embarrassing them. I kept on telling myself every time I talked to my mom, Shes doing this because she loves me. It helped a little.
Even with the friendship I had developed with Stacy, I was lonely. It was normal for Mormons to dress up when they went to church, and even under the current circumstances most of the women wore makeup and dresses. It was a way of holding on to what was normal for them. It wasnt normal for me. I almost never wore makeup anyway and I certainly wasnt going to wear a dress in the middle of zombies. As time went on, the differences between me and the other women seemed to get more obvious and I felt even more isolated.
I wish my last conversation with Cecilia had gone better. Before the 11th, I could always say there was time to make things right; now there wasnt any time left. I missed my best friend. I was the only single woman with a graduate degree in our enclosure. Mormon girls get married young and all the other women here were married with children and families to look after and be concerned about. I didnt have anyone. Cecilia wouldnt have gotten along with anybody else here besides me, but I still wished I had her around. I never had any privacythere were too many people crammed in too small a place for privacybut Ive never felt more alone.
Every day since the 11th, I had been able to talk to my family. They live in north-central Nebraska, between Atkinson (population of fewer than 1300) and Bassett (population of fewer than 800). Atkinson was 124 miles away from Norfolk, which had a population of around 24,000. Zombies werent a major problem for my folks. Even if the entire populations of both Atkinson and Bassett had become zombies, my family and their employees could have handled them. As it was, our family compound was attacked by a few dozen zombies on the 11th, which were easily taken care of. Unlike Salt Lake, where many people had spontaneously turned into zombies, none of my family members or any of their employees had turned. The first thing my father did, once it was clear the zombie outbreak had reached the United States, was to contact me.
My father and I both knew that in a few days or at most a week or two, the battery power keeping the remaining cell phone towers going would die. The towers here and there that had solar panels wouldnt be enough to keep the network up. The only thing that was keeping cell phones working so far was the lack of normal usage. I had set up an internet server in the ward and both the ward and my fathers farm had internet access through satellites. Theoretically, my father and I could stay in contact for as long as our power held out and the satellites stayed functional, but nothing was certain anymore, and all sorts of things that should never have happened had already happened. Every day that I spoke to my family could be the last time.
My mother had never been able to understand that I was happy with my career and I did not need a husband or children to be fulfilled. Now that every conversation we had could be our last, she had decided to discuss everything she had ever wanted to talk about with me. Yesterday, she had asked me if I was gay. You have to understand, there were about 400 people in the enclosure with me. Since the disappearance of the Johnsons, everyone had basically been staying in just two rooms: the chapel and the gymnasium. I was never alone when I was on Skype with my parents. Because of the noise, I used a headset and microphone when I talked to my mother so only my side of our conversations could be heard, but you have no idea how mortifying it is to say No mom, Im not gay in public. My father in his own way wasnt much better. Growing up, since I was his only daughter, he had treated me like a princess. Even though I was now in my 30s, he still treated me like a child who needed to be protected. There were many reasons I wasnt in Nebraska.
Yesterday, mom was focused on my sexuality. Today, she was interested in figuring out why I didnt have a boyfriend. I guess I should have been grateful to her. Instead of being afraid of dying, like I should have been, I was terrified of what she would talk about next.
In the middle of my conversation with my mother, the phone to the ward rang. I had switched the wards land line phone number to a satellite phone. I used this call as an excuse to end my conversation with my mother.
Hello?
Hello, this is Mark Jones, Director of Federal Emergency Services in Utah. May I ask who Im talking to?
Im Helen Hansen, the head of communications.
Ms. Hansen, may I speak to whoever is in charge there?

Chapter 16: Art Bingham, September 13th to 16th, Year 1
Heavenly Father, we had run out of bullets. I stood there stunned. It dawned on all of us that in less than an hour we had shot off all of our bullets and had killed thousands, perhaps tens of thousands, of zombies, but it had made no discernible difference in the number outside our fence. As every zombie was killed, it was quickly torn apart and eaten by the others.
Hiram Rockwell had been standing there as stunned as the rest of us when suddenly he screamed, attached a bayonet to the end of his rifle, and ran to the fence. He stabbed a zombie in its eye through the fence. The crush of zombies behind it was so dense the zombie was flush against the fence and couldnt move away. Hiram kept screaming, yelling incomprehensible words in his fury, and he continued to stab zombie after zombie in its face in a berserk rage. The rest of us stood and watched. He had probably stabbed a couple dozen by the time he stopped but there was no evidence he had accomplished anything.
I motioned us all to move into the ward building. The tragedy wasnt that we had run out of bullets; the tragedy was that it meant so little. When we had closed our gates on the 11th, wed had 405 people in our enclosure. In five days we had already lost four people, yet there were an endless numbers of zombies outside our walls.
We were never able to establish contact with any of the General Authorities and almost all of the wards around us. My wife Stacys first concern wasnt the General Authorities; it was with our two married daughters and their families. We had lost contact with every ward outside of Utah. Because of Helen Hansen, our ward had been equipped with both landline high-speed internet connections and with satellite internet connections. Almost everyone in the US connects to the internet by landline, DSL, cable, fiber optics, and/or T1 lines. Most wards used landlines and all landlines stopped working on the 11th. Our ham radios should have been able to reach outside our state and we should have been able to reach wards across the country by relaying messages between different wards, but we could only get into radio contact with a few wards in our state. Helen told me only sabotage could explain how quickly the whole world had lost power and communications. She couldnt explain why the ham radios didnt have the reach they should.
Washington, DC, where my daughter lived, was the center of political power in the US. A number of Senators and members of the House of Representatives had belonged to her ward. The terrorists who had caused all these problems had to have concentrated on Washington. Stacy was frantic about our oldest daughter. The only reason I didnt break down was because I didnt know what Stacy would do if I did.
The General Authorities had planned for every foreseeable disaster. They had not foreseen that a terrorist attack would take out power and communications throughout the entire world. We had enough supplies to last six months comfortably, and if we rationed our food and stopped using water for bathing or laundry, we had enough for nine months. But then what would we do? The ward members were looking to me to lead them and I didnt have an answer. I wondered if it would have been better for all of us to have died on the 11th than to slowly starve to death in this enclosure. We couldnt expect a rescue from anyone in the other wards. As a physician, Ive always believed a quick painless death was preferable to a long drawn-out one. By getting into this enclosure, had we doomed ourselves to a long drawn-out death?
When night fell, we all slept again in the gymnasium. Some of the children had requested that the lights be kept on and to be honest, none of us adults wanted to sleep in the dark. We lost no one during the night. The lights became our good luck charm and we kept them on every night. We didnt lose anyone on the 14th, 15th, or 16th.
None of us had anything to do. Our only hope was we would be rescued before our food ran out. Our problems were obvious to everyone. We were all tense, some more so than others. Hiram became like a bomb ready to explode. Fortunately, none of the other men gave him an excuse to do so. I was worried that in a few more days, Hiram would lose his temper without provocation.
On the 16th, I heard Helen Hansen calling for me. She told me Mark Jones, the Federal Emergency Director for Utah, was on the phone for me. Everyone who heard her followed me to the phone. I asked Helen to put the phone on speaker.
This is Art Bingham.
Mr. Bingham, this is Mark Jones. Ive been tasked by the Deputy Undersecretary of the Office of Homeland Security to take charge of emergency services in Utah. How many of you are in the ward?
There are 401 of us.
Do you have enough food, water, and supplies to last for a few months?
We have enough to comfortably last for six months and uncomfortably for 9.
Great. I wish I could say that all you had to do was to sit back and wait for us to rescue you, but I have to be honest. I was just appointed to my position on September 9th and didnt have an opportunity to come up to speed by the 11th. The zombie outbreak, Im sorry to say, took the Federal government completely by surprise, and because of that, I currently have limited resources. Im going to need all of you in the ward to take the majority role in rescuing yourselves.
What are you suggesting, Mr. Jones?
I have been observing your ward for three days now. I realize that, to you, the number of zombies around your ward may seem endless. I estimate that there are over 100,000 zombies around your fence. This is a large number but it is not endless. You havent used your guns since the 13th. Are you out of bullets?
Yes.
Mr. Bingham, you might be surprised to hear this, but that is not necessarily a bad thing. Zombies are attracted to sound. Every time a gun is fired it attracts zombies from miles around. You already have more than your fair share around your fence. At this point you dont need to get more. Do your rifles have bayonet mounts?
Yes. Hiram, how many bayonets do we have?
 15.
Great. Over 100,000 zombies may seem to be a very large number but fortunately we all have the time to devote to killing them off. If every willing man and woman in your enclosure, say a hundred men and woman, killed a hundred zombies each in a day by stabbing them in the head through your fence, you will have killed ten thousand zombies a day. All you have to do is to have groups of 15 people take rotations in killing zombies. In a couple weeks you should be able to wipe out almost all of those zombies outside your fence.
Mr. Jones, wouldnt more zombies come to take the place of the ones we killed? 
Art, may I call you Art?
Yes, please.
Art, please call me Mark. I have been walking around Sugar House since the 13th. The zombie population for about a couple square miles is almost entirely clustered around your fence. The density of zombies around you is unusual. Unless zombies are chasing someone, or are drawn by noise, they tend to stay in a limited area. Once we get rid of the zombies currently around your fence, it will be safe to go outside your fence for at least a couple miles.
Mark, this is incredible. Well get started right away.
Art, I have to warn you. You can only fight zombies in the daylight. You have to be indoors at dawn, night, and dusk, and when you are indoors, you need to be in well-lit rooms with at least two 100-watt bulbs or stronger.
Why?
In addition to zombies, we now have to deal with vampires.
What?
Fortunately, vampires seem to be rare. They are immensely strong, probably strong enough to lift up a car by themselves. They hunt by jumping on their prey and they can easily jump over your fence. If exposed to sunlight or to two 100-watt bulbs for about 15 minutes, their flesh becomes severely damaged. If you want to kill them, you have to cut out their hearts and cut off their heads.
My God, I think a vampire got four of our ward members.
Well if you stay in strong sunlight and/or next to the light of at least two 100-watt bulbs, you shouldnt lose any more. I apologize but I wont be able to spend much more time with you today. I have only limited resources right now and I have other responsibilities. Please feel free to call me on my cell phone. I cant promise I will answer every call but I should be able to get back to you within 24 hours of a missed call. Please be careful about excessive noise. If you fire a gun, I wouldnt be surprised if it attracts another 20 to 30 thousand zombies. Ill check back with you tomorrow. Do you have walkie-talkies with you?
Yes.
I dont know how long cell phones will keep working. If we have problems with the cell phones, we can stay in contact using walkie-talkies, Channel 2, sub-channel 2. I recommend that you keep a bunch of walkie-talkies in a refrigerator to keep the batteries alive as long as possible.
We can do that.
I hung up the phone. I looked around me. I couldnt contain myself: I raised my arms in the air and screamed hallelujah. The rest of the ward joined me. We danced. I yelled at Hiram, Ill be in the first group of 15. Set up a rotation for everyone who wants to use a bayonet.
We had a plan. We had hope. 

Chapter 17: Mark Jones, September 16th, Year 1
I got off the phone with Art Bingham. I told him that I had been appointed by the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security to be the Federal Director of Emergency Services in Utah on the 9th. If Art had asked, I could have told him the Deputy Secretarys name: Henry Trevino. I looked up his name on Google.
So why did I claim this? Because I didnt think Henry Trevino was still alive so I doubted anyone would ever find out this wasnt true. I did this because human beings, especially in times of crisis, are hierarchical. I had spent the last three days exploring a two-square mile area around my house. We were now five days into the zombie outbreak and I had seen no other humans on the streets in three days.
I live in a major metropolitan area. If there had been any remaining political authorities around, Federal, state, or local, I would have seen someone outside. There were civilians still alive in this area. Besides the ward, there were five houses that had been adequately boarded up and fortified. My drinking buddy Jim Wright and his two roommates were still alive. From what I could tell, the only thing the other survivors were thinking right now was about day-to-day survival. I was thinking about how to kick the zombies and vampires asses. If anyone was going to be top dog, it needed to be someone who was thinking about winning, not just surviving. I made myself the top-ranked surviving human in Utah because I was the best man for the job. Somebody had to make sure humans survived, and that somebody was me. 

Chapter 18: Zutar Probe, October 9th, 9:30 p.m., Year 1
The AI wasnt designed to experience emotions. If it had been, it would have been frustrated. For the first time in 40.89 million years, it was unable to fulfill all its programmed directives.
Due to its intervention, the human population had dropped from 6.8 billion to 150 million. The die-off in cities and other urban settings was almost 100%. The death rate in rural areas was lower. All known human leaders were killed by vampires within 24 hours of large-area zombie outbreaks.
Humans displayed unexpected resourcefulness and resilience; surveillance revealed a rapid rise in new leadership. Humans with effective leaders quickly started rebuilding; when they did, the death rate slowed to unacceptable levels. The probe sent vampires to disrupt the rebuilding process. The probe now understood this was going to be a recurring issue.
Unfortunately the probe didnt have much time. Its batteries had finally failed. In three days it would lose all power. Without the ability to send vampires to destroy new centers of technology, there was a 92.36% probability of a resurgence of human technology, and population density within 200 Earth years.
The probe was forced to breach the tertiary directive to keep the secondary; the preservation of Earths biosphere was a higher priority than cultural sensitivity. It determined to use its remaining battery power to propagate an Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP) to burn out every non-shielded electronic device on Earth. The EMP would suggest nonhuman intervention, but the probe didnt have another choice. If humans rebuilt their civilization, its entire mission would fail.
The probe deactivated all remaining air-borne prions. The zombie contagion now could only occur through zombie saliva. The AI initiated the EMP pulse on October 9th, 9:32 p.m. Mountain Time. Its final act was to have vampires attack all remaining clusters of human civilization. 

Chapter 19: Helen Hanson, September 16th to October 9th, Year 1
As soon as Art got off the phone with Director Jones, he and almost all the men went outside to kill zombies. For the first time since the 11th, people were smiling and laughing. I got my parents on Skype immediately and told them about vampires and then got into contact with as many wards as possible by cell phone and ham radio to let them know what Director Jones had said about gunshots, the actual number of zombies, and about vampires.
Everyone who had the strength and height to be able to stab a zombie through the head took part. I took a turn at the fence for about an hour each day. It took more effort than I had thought to jab a bayonet through the eye. Many of the ward members had mental difficulties with stabbing a zombie. This was especially true when the zombie had been a person they knew. Hiram didnt have a problem with it. I grew up on a farm. As I child I slaughtered chickens by twisting their necks. I helped my father and brothers geld cattle. I can promise you, this is not an experience a bull likes and it isnt a job for the squeamish. In my childhood I had to prove every day I was tougher than my brothers. I dont have much sympathy for helpless women. I guess my childhood experiences helped me prepare psychologically for killing zombies. My difficulties were purely physical. At the end of the day, zombies werent people.
The first time you gut a chicken or slaughter a cow, it is difficult. Cows are cute with huge eyes that look at you as you are prepared to kill them. People can get used to anything especially if their lives depend on it. Zombies werent cute. Its easier killing something that isnt cute. Most of the ward members got over their mental reservations and learned how to take out a zombie.
Art Bingham, maybe because he was a doctor, never had any psychological hang ups about destroying a zombie. Doctors need to have strong stomachs. He suggested another, more ergonomic way to kill zombies. It was possible to jab a zombie in its open mouth or under its chin from below, causing the bayonet to pierce the roof of its mouth into the brain. It was easier to swing up with your hands below shoulder height than to raise the rifle to eye level and stab directly across.
Even with the easier more ergonomic method, my arms tired quickly. It was easy to hit the bayonet on a fence link while trying to thrust through it, and if you did, you lost so much momentum that you couldnt get through the skull into the brain. If you got past the fence without hitting the metal links, the effort it took to cause the bayonet to penetrate through the back of the eye socket or through the roof of the zombies mouth was tiring. You could feel the resistance and shock through your hands and arms as the bayonet blade penetrated bone.
Hiram Rockwell and some of the other men really pulled their weight. If my friend Cecilia had been here, she would have described Hiram as strong as bull and just as smart, which wouldnt have been a totally fair description. He was an extremely strong man who preferred to bull through life using his enormous strength and physical skills rather than thinking about anything. He probably had at least an average intelligence, but he spent so little time using his brain or thinking about anything that he seemed stupid. There were no grays in his life; everything was black and white. I grew up with men like Hiram so I knew how to deal with him.
He and Cecilia would have hated each other. I hoped Cecilia was doing well in the co-op. Every time I thought of her it was hard not to feel sad. Our last conversation had been so bitter. It would be wonderful if we had a chance to talk again. I tried multiple times to contact her by cell phone or Skype but was never able to reach her.
Hiram was in his element. He got so busy killing zombies he didnt set up a schedule for rotating people on the fence. Art was a typical sedentary professional man so he didnt have unusual upper body strength. He got tired quickly, too. He set up a rotation schedule of men to take their place on the fence.
Art is a great guy but he has an unthinking male chauvinism. I guess you could have called him chivalrous if you wanted, but in some aspects, chivalry is chauvinism. He didnt even think any of the women wanted to take part in killing zombies. I set him straight quickly enough and I made sure that out of our fifteen bayonets, at least two at all times were being used by women. We women, LDS or not, wanted to kill the zombies as much as any man. Almost every adult woman took her turn at the fence. Both Stacy and Cheryl, Arts wife and daughter, took part. Cheryl is coordinated and did well. She must get her coordination from her dad, because Stacy had no coordination whatsoever. She was so funny. She screamed at all times. This was not a scream of aggression but the scream of Ewwh, Im doing something gross and its disgusting while swinging her bayonet wildly. I dont think she was able to ever get her bayonet cleanly through the fence. I couldnt be sure but she looked like she had her eyes closed. Everyone took special care to stay as far away as possible from her. She was so loud, so obviously disgusted, and so uncoordinated that everyone who watched her had to laugh. She was brave. She didnt wimp out. She was so incompetent at killing zombies; she was good for morale.
The second time she took her turn with the bayonet, Art went up to her and, in front of everyone, gently tapped her on her shoulder and took the bayoneted rifle from her hands. He said, Honey, for your safety and the safety of others, I think its best that you not do this. I laughed so hard I cried.
Instead of the ten thousand that Director Jones had estimated we would kill per day, we probably killed twice that number. By the morning of the 18th, all of us, including Hiram, were tired. When I woke up, my arms felt like they were going to fall off. Going outside restored everyones spirits, including mine. We all had something to do. The adults formed rotations to kill zombies. The children ran around helping to give refreshments to the adults.
The teams killing zombies started counting how many they had killed. Men being men, they started competing to see which team killed the most zombies. Even Art, someone I would have expected to be an adult, got into it. He and Hiram set up a roster to make the teams as fair as possible. The children were referees. Their job was to keep a fair count. Of course, the women were excluded from the zombie count and werent made parts of the teams. The team with the lowest zombie count got silly punishments like noogies from the winning team. Its amazing how most men never really grow up. I kept hoping to see Hiram get a noogie, but his team never lost.
It wasnt hard to figure out how many zombies were around our enclosure. I measured how deep the zombies were around our fence and the total area they took up. I counted the density of the zombies over a ten-foot by ten-foot region and then extrapolated the number in 10 square feet over the total area of zombies around us. According to my calculations, there were approximately 180,000 zombies around our fence.
Every day, right before dusk, the Director called us. Before the 11th, I would have called him Mark. Most Americans avoid using titles. For example I never asked my students to call me Dr. Hansen and most of them didnt. But since the 11th, Ive been in the enclosure with Mormons. Outside the ward, most Mormons dont use titles, but inside they are prone to call each other brother or sister and use titles like Bishop. I soon began calling Mark Jones Director.
There was something comforting about having some outside government agency looking out for us. It was a shock after the 11th to lose contact with all levels of the government and also the LDS General Authorities. Director Jones made it a point never to talk about how many people were outside with him. He kept apologizing for having limited resources. He let us and the other wards know he was working on rescuing one ward at a time and we were the first one. None us ever asked him how limited his resources were because none of us wanted to know.
Most Americans think government competence is an oxymoron but all of us in the ward knew we needed help and a plan and we all hoped Director Jones would provide both. So far, thats what hed done. Theres a saying, There are no atheists in foxholes. It would be cheesy, perhaps even blasphemous, to call anyone Savior other than God or Jesus Christ, but we all wanted a hero. It sounds kind of silly, but referring to Mark Jones as Director made everyone feel better, including me.
It helped that Director Jones sounded amazingly relaxed and confident whenever we talked to him. It was clear he was wandering outside amongst the zombies almost daily. He would give us details that made it clear he was personally keeping an eye on us. He tried to make it sound like it wasnt a big deal to be outside without any protection but all of us, especially Hiram, respected him for it.
Among the teenage girls and even some of the older married young women, Mark Jones, sight unseen, had become the new heartthrob. Forget about Leonardo DiCaprio or Johnny Depp, Director Jones had become our biggest celebrity. I did not join the Director Jones fan club and I didnt get into giggly discussions with teenage girls about what he probably looked like or whether he was married. Ive met Federal administrators before; he was probably bald and 50-pounds overweight and married.
The only weird quirk that Director Jones had was his insistence we keep as many flashlights, walkie-talkies, regular batteries, and laptops as possible in our refrigerators to extend the life of their batteries. I tried to explain to him it was an urban myth that keeping batteries in a refrigerator made them last longer. Theoretically, cold temperatures should help maintain a battery charge but it was so miniscule a difference it wasnt noticeable. He responded to my comments by saying I was probably right but that it wouldnt do any harm to do as he requested. He said it did not take much effort. He asked for the contact numbers of all the other wards we had been able to reach.
Once he found out I was in contact with my family in Nebraska, he asked for their contact information, also. On one of my daily conversations with my father, I brought up the Directors surprising insistence on keeping batteries in refrigerators. My father commented that he and Mark Jones had recently been on Skype together. He thought Mark was unusually competent for a Federal administrator and if that was his only quirk, we were lucky to have him.
October 9th had been a good day. There were now parts of the fence that were not packed with zombies. Because we were tired and because there wasnt a huge press of zombies forcing the closest ones to us up right against the fence, it was harder to kill them. We had killed so many zombies. The ones still alive had eaten so many of the ones wed killed, that almost all of them had enlarged bellies. They all, male and female, looked like they were in their third trimester of pregnancy. Their bellies made it difficult for them to press up against the fence, which made it harder to stab them. Our morale was still great. We could see that in a few daysa week at the mostwe would wipe out most of the zombies outside our fence.
Everyone in the ward had been busy. People who werent actively killing zombies were helping support those who were. Many of the women had stopped taking their turns at the fence. I was one of the few that kept at it. I had been sleeping really well the last couple weeks due to physical exhaustion.
We could all see the progress we had made in clearing out the zombies. We made sure everyone was in the gymnasium before dusk. All the lights were kept on at all times. I answered the usual phone call at dusk from Director Jones; Id become the de-facto receptionist for the ward. He talked to Art by speaker phone as usual. While he and Art talked, there was complete silence in the gymnasium. Even the small children wanted to listen to what was being said. Art kept Director Jones updated on our progress.
I was on the verge of falling asleep when all our light fixtures exploded. Kids started screaming. We were in the gymnasium and there were no windows. It was pitch-dark. I couldnt even see my own hand. I heard men cursing. Hiram yelled out in his distinctive voice that he couldnt get his flashlight to work. Other men and women yelled out that they had the same problem. I kept my backpack beside my sleeping bag. I had candles and a flashlight in my pack. After a few minutes of fumbling I was able to get a candle lit. Shortly afterwards, other people had candles lit.
I tried to turn my cell phone on, but it was dead. I tried the satellite phone. It was dead, too. I tried to turn on my laptop. It wouldnt turn on. I called out to Art and Hiram.
Please, everyone. I think I know whats going on. Can you please quiet down so I can talk to Art and Hiram?
Hiram bellowed, Everybody, please shut up!
Art cried, Please, everyone. Dr. Hansen thinks she knows what is going on. Please quiet down so we can all hear what she has to say.
It quieted down. Everyone, I think theres been an EMP.
Someone called out, Whats an EMP?
EMP stands for Electromagnetic Pulse. Has anyone seen the Matrix movies? Only a few voices yelled out yes. Oh yeah, Id forgotten that many Mormons wont see R-rated movies and all of the Matrix movies had been rated R.
An EMP is an electrical impulse so strong it can travel by air and when it hits any conductive surface like an electrical wire or circuit, it will send an electrical impulse through that wire or circuit strong enough to burn out the wire or destroy the circuit. 
Hiram asked, Can any of the electronics shut down by the EMP be repaired?
 If it has an electronic circuit board, probably not. This means anything with a computer chip in itincluding our generator, cell phones, computers, cars, and trucksare all dead; it wont be easy to repair them. The fact that even simple devices like our flashlights arent working is a really bad sign. This looks to have been a really strong signal, so everything that has a thin electrical wire and needs electricity to work is probably destroyed and will need to be completely re-wired.
Art asked, Is there anything we could have done to protect ourselves from an EMP?
Well, the only thing we could have done is to try to put our electrical equipment into Faraday cages.
Hiram butted in again, Whats a Faraday cage?
A Faraday cage is a metal cage connected to a ground that surrounds the electrical device you are trying to protect. It would have been impossible to protect our lights or generator; we dont have access to enough metal. Wait, can someone please go to the kitchen and pull out some flashlights and a walkie-talkie and bring them here?
Hiram gestured to a couple of his militia men and they took off to the kitchen. They returned with lit flashlights and a walkie-talkie. Hiram handed the walkie-talkie to me.
I spoke to the ward: A plugged-in refrigerator is a Faraday cage. With the EMP the refrigerator itself would likely be destroyed but every electronic device in it would be protected.
I turned on the walkie-talkie and put it on channel 2, sub channel 2. Calling: this is Helen Hansen looking for Director Jones. Please respond. Over.
Calling: this is Director Jones; Im glad you followed my advice and stored some electronic devices in your refrigerator. Over.
Did you know we were going to be attacked by an EMP? Over.
I didnt know for sure but I thought it might be a possibility. Since there wasnt anything you could do in the ward besides putting some electronic devices in your refrigerator, I didnt think it was appropriate for me to warn you about something that was only a possibility.
I couldnt believe he hadnt told me the truth before. So you didnt really think refrigerators kept batteries alive longer?
He chuckled. Well, like I said to you before, I didnt think it would hurt. Can I please talk to Art Bingham?
Im sure I grew bright red. I could feel the warmth growing over my face. He wasnt even bothering to apologize. What a patronizing jerk! 
This is Art Bingham.
Art, I apologize for not warning you about the possibility of an EMP attack. I thought it wasnt very likely and at best the only thing you could have done in the ward, even if you had been warned, was to do what I already had asked you to do, which was to keep flashlights, walkie-talkies, batteries, and computers in a refrigerator.
Of course he apologizes to a man. Art sounded testy. Director Jones, I think I understand. Is there anything else in the past that you had thought was unlikely that we may want to know now?
The Director chuckled again. I still think I might be overreacting but I think there is a small possibility you might be subject tonight or in the near future to a vampire attack. I think its best that three other men and I join you in the ward. I will be bringing in a replacement diesel generator. If I remember correctly, you said before that you have diesel fuel.
Everybody started talking. A vampire attack! The Director coming into the ward! Art cried out, Brothers, sisters, please! We need to hear what Director Jones is saying.
It got quiet again. Director, you think a vampire attack is possible? How are you planning on getting into our enclosure? We are still surrounded by thousands of zombies.
Art, I think its possible vampires will attack. I dont think its probable. But you dont know how to fight vampires and you dont have bullets, so I think its best that I and three other men join you. We have a plan to draw the zombies away from you. We will keep in touch by walkie-talkie. Please do not try to contact me. I will be keeping my walkie-talkie off until it is safe for me to talk. I will get in touch with you. I will need you to keep your walkie-talkie on. 
We understand.
Oh, you will also hear from my deputy Jim Wright. We will be in contact soon.

Chapter 20: Jim Wright, October 9th, Year 1
After we got off the phone with Mark, all three of us got our air guns out and we started taking turns shooting zombies. On average we were taking four shots per minute or one every fifteen seconds. It took us a little over five minutes to empty out a pre-charged canister of air. We typically missed two to three times out of twenty-five. So doing the numbers, we were knocking off about 264 zombies an hour. Mark was right. The numbers of zombies outside our house werent endless. In the three hours of daylight wed had on the 6th, we killed almost 800 zombies. By late afternoon on the 9th we had completely cleared our whole street.
We were supposed to keep quiet so we didnt yell and cheer as loudly as we could have, but we spent a lot of time high-fiving each other, and Ryan wouldnt stop until he had chest-butted me and Frank each five times. I pulled out my phone and called Mark.
Yeah?
Hey, Mark. Guess what, man. It took just two days for us to nail all the zombies in front of our house. You thought it would take several days to clean them all out. Were way ahead of schedule.
Awesome, man. Get all your gear together. Everything you need, all your air guns, air tanks, bullets, clothes, whatever. It all needs to be able to be thrown in the back of my truck, so dont bring the kitchen sink, but make sure you bring your generator. Generators are more valuable than gold right now. Also, even though its really dangerous to shoot a bullet because of the noise, I want each of you to bring at least one high-caliber rifle with some ammo. Ill be there in about ten minutes with two trucks. The noise put out by the trucks is probably going to bring out some zombies. Get all your air guns fully loaded and charged. I want Ryan loading up the truck at all times, even if zombies are around. I want you and Frank, as soon as you see me charge the zombies, to start shooting them in the head. Ill get into the middle of the zombies when they come to keep them tight around me while you and Frank are shooting. Im going to wear my Motorcycle helmet so if you hit me by accident, Ill have some protection for my headbut try not to hit me! You all got it?
Frank and I said Yeah.
I didnt hear your sweet voice, Ryan. You got it?
Ryan said Yeah. I could tell he wasnt happy about being on the loading detail.
Keep your sphincters tight, boys; youre going outside. Keep an eye out on the street. Come on out as soon as you see me drive up.
I thought Mark was going to be surprised we had cleared out the zombies so quickly. He didnt sound surprised. He sounded amused. If you had ever seen Mark pick up a woman in a bar, you would know he is one of the most manipulative bastards youve ever met. He never actually lied to women, but he would tell them things in ways they could misinterpret or, even better, tell the truth so they didnt believe him. He would say shit like Honey, all I want from you is a one-night stand, with a goofy grin like he was kidding when he wasnt. When he said something like this to a woman, almost none of them believed him.
It would be just like him to low-ball estimate how long it would take for us to clear out the zombies so we would get all giddy and happy and more prone to follow his suggestions. I mean, who the hell was he to give us orders? Happy people tend to go with the flow. He was the kind of calculating sociopathic son-of-a-bitch that would set us up to be all happy so we would be more inclined to do what he wanted.
Almost ten minutes exactly from the time we had hung up, we saw Mark and three other guys pull up in two full-size pickup trucks. Todd Bloom, a guy I knew from the Wasatch Mountain Club, was driving one of the trucks and Mark was driving the other. I didnt see any zombies following him. We all piled out and started loading up the truck. A few minutes later a group of zombies came into view.
Mark went into the cab of the truck and pulled out his motorcycle helmet and put it on. He said, Ryan, keep loading. Were only going to need two shooters for ten zombies. Once we get rid of these were going to be good for awhile. Im going to keep my head turned away from you guys at all times; as a favor to me, please dont shoot me. Im going to go about fifty feet from you and keep the zombies focused on me. Frank, use your air rifle to take out all the zombies on my right. Jim, take them out on my left. It shouldnt take more than a minute for us to clear out this small of a group. He smiled at us and then jogged calmly toward the zombies.
Frank and I started shooting. As Mark got closer to the zombies, he started running faster. He brought out a samurai sword. I had expected him to try to brain the zombies but instead he started cutting through their legs like they were made of cardboard. It couldnt have been a minute before all the zombies were down. I was too busy nailing the zombies over on my side to pay attention to what Frank was doing, but Ryan said Frank got all his zombies as they were starting to fall. They were dead before they hit the ground. I got three of the zombies before Mark got to them.
I shook my head. Before the 11th, Mark had been like a super-hero. Now he wasnt like one; he was one. What the hell! He was taking on zombies with a samurai sword and letting us shoot at zombies that were almost on top of him.
Ryan had been too curious to keep loading but the other three guys didnt even look at us and Mark. They just kept on loading the trucks like there was no way that Mark could fail. Ryan said it was obvious Mark had been working with them for awhile and had them trained to do exactly what he wanted.
Once the zombies were down, Mark took off his helmet. Thanks guys for not shooting me. He threw his helmet into his cab again and then motioned us to keep loading. Once we were all loaded, he told us all to get into the bed of his truck. He said he wouldnt be driving faster than ten miles an hour. He wanted us all to be able to nail any zombie we saw from any direction. Ryan was about to ask a question. Mark stopped him and said the max speed of a zombie was about two miles an hour. You didnt have to go very fast to be able to outrun a zombie. That made sense. Guess that answered Ryans question because he climbed into the bed of the truck filled with our supplies. Frank and I climbed in after him.
We saw four zombies on the way to Marks house. At ten miles an hour, it was no big deal to nail all of them. It was a good thing that we were going slowly and the trucks had four-wheel drive. There were so many cars left abandoned on the roads we were constantly veering into yards and driving off the street. Mark had an automatic gate on the fence to his detached garage, so we got into his garage without having to get out of the truck. The other truck pulled into the garage right behind us. His garage is unbelievable. Mark drove our truck on top of a freight elevator that dropped us into his lair. He drove the truck off the elevator and then raised the elevator back up into the garage. As we got out of the bed of the truck, I saw his lair was packed with people.
Everyone started talking at once. Mark raised his voice and said, Hey everyone, Jim, Frank, and Ryan stink. Give them a chance to shower and change clothes first and then we can all party.
Part of the reason Mark had kept us on the truck bed was because we stank. Mark had three showers in his house: one by the pool in his lair, another in his bedroom, and the third on the main floor. We all had our own showers. It was amazing how good it felt to be clean. When I was done showering, there was a thick residue of dirt and body grease on the floor. Frank, Ryan, and I all got done within minutes of each other. We dressed and gathered in the lair.
Mark introduced us to the others there. In addition to us, there were nine adults and three kids Mark had rescued. In the three-mile radius around Marks house there were four boarded-up houses, besides ours, where people had survived in addition to the ward. In the last few weeks, Mark had rounded them up and brought them to his home. I already knew about Sara and Lisa Beiger, even though I had never been introduced to them, because they are local celebrities. Sara is a fairly famous metal sculptor. Lisa is her wife and agent. Saras works sell for a lot. I read an article in the Tribune about them and it said if you wanted to commission a work from her, the starting price was twenty thousand.
They had been the first people Mark had invited to his house. As soon as they had gotten there, he had had them scavenging for car and truck hoods and trunk lids, then flattening them out, welding and attaching them to plywood table tops, and bolting them over his entire house, including the roof . Both Sara and Lisa were comfortable working with metal and they hadnt had any problems doing this.
Sara was the sculptor but Lisa had been helping her for years. They hadnt been attacked by a vampire so far but they were pretty sure a vamp couldnt break through Marks walls. Marks house was originally built out of cinderblock and brick. His lair and garage floor were built out of reinforced concrete and his freight elevator floor in the garage was built out of industrial-grade steel and could be locked into position. His only weaknesses had been his doors, windows, and roof. Sara, Lisa, and the rest of the folk Mark had brought into his home had helped make the house vampire-proof.
It was a party. The entire house had been waiting for us and they had cheese, wine and beer out for everyone. Everyone was talking at once. It was frigging awesome. I noticed that everyone besides me, Frank, and Ryan were calling Mark, Director and I was about to ask him what was up with that when all the lights in the room blew up. The lights literally exploded.
I was stunned for a few seconds. Everybody else must have been as surprised as I was because there was immediate silence. The first person to talk was Mark and he quietly said God damn. The shocking thing was he didnt sound surprised or even angry.
He lit a match and I could see his face. Lisa and another guy, I think his name was John, had gone to a refrigerator and pulled out some LED flashlights and turned them on.
Mark started talking. Well guys, I was hoping I was just being paranoid and we wouldnt get hit by an EMP, but I guess being paranoid is a good thing when some shit is really out to get you. Lets use the flashlights for now. In an hour or two, we can get the extra light bulbs and generator out of the Faraday cages and set up the lights again.
Mark motioned to Frank, Ryan, and me to come over to him. Guys, I need to know if you will help me keep over 400 people alive.
What do you say to something like that? I said, What are you talking about?
Mark said, I didnt tell you before, but a couple days before the zombie outbreak on September 11th, I was appointed the Federal Director of Emergency Services by the Office of Homeland Security. I had no time to get in touch with any Federal forces before the outbreak. Ive been on my own, trying to coordinate an emergency response. The local ward has over 400 people in it and they are completely out of power. Theyve lost four people already to vampires and they are going to be sitting ducks tonight.
Ryan spoke up: Well, what about the people here?
Mark shrugged. We should be completely vampire-proof even if we didnt have lights, and in the next hour or so well have lights. Also, Ive got a theory the vamps target areas that are obviously inhabited by people. They hit areas where artificial light can be seen from above. My house has been blacked out since the 11th. Even though I have lights, none of them have been visible from outside. The ward has been lit up for everyone to see at night.
I said, Didnt you just say we had an EMP? How are we going to have lights up?
Mark smiled. I hate to sound like a genius but I figured there was a good chance an EMP would happen, and so weve all been preparing for one.
Ryan sounded confused. Why would you prepare for an EMP?
Mark said, It just figures. Look, the entire planet gets overrun with zombies and they cant be quarantined. We get vampires. Within hours of a zombie outbreak, all power and communications go down forever. Every government, social, and or religious leader is killed immediately. There has to be a conspiracy running this. 
Ryan said It makes sense theres a conspiracy but how does that lead to an EMP? 
Look at the zombies; theyre designed so they dont rot and designed so they clean up after themselves. Somebody wants humans dead and the environment clean. If I wanted to make sure people wouldnt have a chance to fight back against zombies and vampires, and if I wanted to protect property and animals, Id use an EMP. All you need to do to protect against an EMP is use a Faraday cage, and with all the empty houses around here, it isnt hard to jury-rig a Faraday cage. So weve been storing as many light bulbs and electronic gear as possible in Faraday cages.
Frank, being the engineer, asked How are you making these Faraday cages?
Mark put his hands up. Guys, were running out of time. Like I said, over 400 lives may be at risk. You guys are the only ones with the rifle-handling skills in this house. Im asking you to volunteer to go out with me to help the people at the ward.
I mean, what do you say to something like this? I wanted to say no Im a chicken shit and Im too afraid. My mouth said, Ok, Ill go out with you. Frank and Ryan didnt say anything; they both just nodded. Frank looked like he always does: calm. The guy is a rock. Ryan looked like he wanted to puke. He was as much a victim of manly peer pressure as me.

Chapter 21: Mark Jones, September 16th to October 9th, Year 1
Once I had seen how many zombies there were around the ward, I knew I needed people to help me. I had scouted out five homes where it looked like people were still alive. I needed to contact them.
Ive always been a loner and it was weird that I was going to invite a bunch of people to live with me. I worried about the possibility of personality conflicts and what I would do if things got ugly between people in my house. I mean, even if you hate someone, do you kick them out to die? Well, I hoped that wouldnt happen.
The house I visited first was the one closest to the fire station. I had gotten the art of traveling among zombies down to a science. Clear out an area. Go out of it a little ways and then bait some zombies into what I started calling a zombie habitrail, kill them, and then go out and bring more in. I got to the fire station. Hip hip hooray, I found a thermal camera.
On the way back home, I stopped by the house. When I had first seen this house I was impressed. All the other houses that had been boarded-up used plywood or chipboard. This house had metal shutters and reinforced doors. It was as slick a job as Ive ever seen. All the shutters and doors were custom-made. When I renovated my house, I had done some metal work and welding. I was an amateur, but I knew how to judge good metal work. The people who made these shutters were beyond pros; they were artists. The homeowners must have been staying quiet and out of view because there werent any zombies near their house.
I went up to the front door and rang the doorbell. I waited for about a minute and then rang it again. I could hear noise behind the door. There was some fumbling and a small inch-diameter hole opened up at eye level. This was slick; the window had been so finely made that before it opened I hadnt been able to see the seam.
Yeah what do you want?
It was a female voice. I could hear suspicion, excitement, and hope in her voice. My name is Mark Jones. I am the Federal Director of Emergency services in Utah. Ive come by to make sure you were doing well and to see if there was anything you needed.
There were two people in the house, Sara and Lisa Beiger. The reason the metalwork was so good was that Sara was an artist. She made metal sculptures, and casting and welding was what she did for a living. Lisa was her agent, manager, helper, and wife. They had gotten married in Canada and, even though gay marriage wasnt legal in Utah, they lived as if they were legally married. They both had big families in Utah and wanted to stay close to family. Both of them grew up LDS and almost all of their family members were still LDS and still lived in Utah. Even though each of them got along with their own individual families, they still didnt want to hole up in a ward, and thats why they were on their own.
Lisa had wanted to get a gun but Sara had been dead-set against it. Lisa had finally convinced Sara they needed one, but then the 11th came before they could get it. Since the 11th, they had been holed up in their house, getting more and more worried as the days went by. They were running out of water and they hadnt made any plans for what to do when their supplies ran out. They had tried to contact their families and friends by phone since the 11th but couldnt contact any of them. I was the first person theyd talked to since the zombie outbreak.
It didnt take much to convince them to come to my place. I just told them I had working showers and toilets. That was a common theme for all the people I rescued. Water was the first thing to run out. Without water they couldnt take showers and going to the bathroom was a big problem.
It took a couple of trips to get everything they wanted from their house to mine. Most of it had to do with metal working, metal cutting torches, welding supplies, etc. I knew this would all be useful, so I didnt have a problem making the trips. With all these trips back and forth, I had to destroy all the wandering zombies between the Beigers house and mine.
Since I had already cleaned out all the zombies in the way, it didnt take any extra effort to contact the Blacks, a family of five; the Reddings, a husband and wife; and Todd Bloom, a retired structural engineer. I hadnt met the Blacks and the Reddings before, but I knew Todd from the Wasatch Mountain Club. Since he was retired he spent his time in the mountains. For an older guy he was amazingly fit and could run most of the younger guys in the club into the ground. He had lived in Ohio most his life, but when he retired he moved to Utah to rock climb in the summers and back-country ski in the winters. He was also a long-distance endurance runner.
I knew Jim Wright and his two roommates were still alive but I couldnt get to them because they were constantly showing themselves to the zombies. There were thousands of zombies at all times around their house.
Everyone got along, but I guess I shouldnt have been surprised. We all had the same goal; we wanted to survive and it was clear to us that cooperating was absolutely necessary. A wise man once said You cant fix stupid. Until the zombie outbreaks, this was true. But now Ill bet there are almost no stupid people left alive. The only people who were left alive in Salt Lake City were lucky or smart or both.
I had just gotten lucky, but everyone else with me had the foresight and the intelligence to prepare for the zombie outbreak and to survive it. Being lucky is a trait, like being tall; some people have it and others dont. Insurance companies and Las Vegas casinos plan their businesses around this. If you get into multiple car accidents, even if you were never at fault, you will become uninsurable because insurance companies know you are unlucky. If you win money consistently in a casino, even if the casino knows you arent cheating they wont let you play.
Lucky people tend to be optimistic and good natured; unlucky people tend to be the opposite. Most of the people dumb enough to not prepare properly for the zombies were dead. If you tended to be unlucky, you were probably dead. Throw together a group of intelligent, optimistic, and lucky people, have them realize that if they dont cooperate theyll die, and the odds are good they will get along.
It was wonderful to get a group of competent people to delegate to. Todd was a structural engineer and Sara knew everything there was to know about how to cut and attach metal together. Lisa was the best project manager Id ever met. You can build things in a stupid way, start without the proper supplies, or start projects out of order so you end up wasting time, or you can build with exactly the right tools and supplies and in the most efficient order. When I was working on my house, I had to go to the store several times in one day because I hadnt bought all the supplies and tools I needed. Lisa was a genius at organizing. With her around we didnt waste any unnecessary time.
Alan Redding was a RN. He knew what drugs and medical supplies to gather. It was comfortable to know that if any of us got sick or hurt, hed be around. Mary Black and Hannah Redding were both foodies. Mary had graduated from a culinary school and Hannahs dream was to go to one. They took charge of the food. The stuff they cooked up was amazing. John Black was an accountant, one of the calmest, most centered guys Ive ever met. He ended up my right-hand man. I tend to be high-energy, quirky, and sometimes abrasive. It helped to have John around to keep things calm.
I dont have much experience with kids. They werent as annoying as I thought they would be. Every time a house was cleared of zombies, Hannah Redding, Mary Black, and her three kids Joey, Michael, and Amy went through it. It was their job to collect all the canned and dried foods they could find and anything else they thought could be useful. After they had scavenged the entire house, they gathered every light bulb, computer, Mp3 player, and battery and put them into the refrigerator.
I got Sara, Lisa and Todd working to protect my house better. We salvaged all the metal doors and window shutters that they had installed on their house. Sara and Lisas house had a lot more windows than mine, so we had plenty of pre-made metal shutters. The Beigers had no idea how strong zombies would be, so they had overbuilt all their metal doors. Todd figured that if we sandwiched multiple layers of the sheet metal from car hoods with the wooden plywood table tops to about two inches of thickness, these would actually be stronger than the brick and cinderblock the rest of the house was made of.
Todd explained that plywood was always stronger, weight per weight, than a solid piece of wood. In the old days, when warriors used shields, the shields were made out of plywood. Even thousands of years ago, they knew that a sheet of wood glued together was stronger than a solid piece. To make a shield they took a piece of plywood and covered it with either leather or a thin piece of metal. We were going to make our own versions of shields and surround my house with them.
We salvaged metal hood and trunk lids from cars all around my house and they welded and bolted these lids to the wooden plywood table tops that I had already collected. We then tore off the asphalt shingling from the top of my roof and installed the metal plywood sheets. It helped that my house was fairly small. My main floor covered barely 1,000 feet. By the time we were done, I had a completely water-tight stainless steel roof. The only maintenance needed would be to paint it or seal it every few years. Its amazing how fast competent people work when their lives depend on it. We finished boarding up and fortifying my house in four days.
Remember Bob Junior, the vamp I had killed? It had hands like Edward Scissorhands. Its claws made perfect spear heads. I figured that if I fought another vampire I would try to stab it through the heart with a vampire claw spear. We made ten spears with Bobs claws and then we tried stabbing through our windows, doors, and roof, and the worst we did was scratch the metal.
John Black, Alan Redding, Todd Bloom, and I spent the 17th clearing zombies out of the neighborhood. One of the homes we cleared out belonged to Dave Watanabe. He was one of the first zombies that I had taken down after the Wasatch 100. I had met Dave a couple times at neighborhood parties and his favorite topic of conversation was his collection of samurai swords. He told me samurai swords, or as he always described them, katanas, were rated by how many bodies a sword could cut through with one stroke. His pride and joy was his three-body katana he had spent over a hundred thousand on. This sword had been made by the most famous living swordsmith in Japan.
While at college, I had taken some kendo classes. I only trained with the katana for a few months but I was able to learn how to cut completely through bamboo targets with one blow. Theres a knack to it and I had it. These targets were supposed to represent the resistance of a human body.
Normally, when salvaging something, I dont usually worry about the ethics of taking what I need, but taking Daves sword at first felt wrong. He had loved this sword so much; if he could have married it and had babies with it he would have. Taking something that was just an object was fine, but taking something that someone loved, something that defined them and their lives felt wrong. I guess it says something about me that I had no problems killing Dave once he got infected but I was reluctant to take his sword. I finally decided to take it because if I didnt, it would eventually fall apart.
Traditional katanas are made of low- and high-carbon steel welded together. Almost all modern steel blades have some chromium and/or nickel to help provide rust resistance; thats why you dont have to oil kitchen knives. Traditionally-made katanas have no chromium or nickel. The mark of a finger touch, if not cleaned off, will start a rust spot, and if the sword is not inspected and oiled frequently it will rust away to nothing. Dave loved this sword so much I figured he would want it to outlive him. Dont know why but it was important for me to believe Dave would want it to be taken care of and used by someone who respected it. It was a work of art. There were, at most, a couple hundred swords of similar quality in existence and most of those were in museums. Letting it rust to nothing would have been like letting a pristinely restored Shelby Mustang fall apart. Watanabes sword never felt like a possession you owned; it was a piece of art that you preserved for later generations.
Now that I had back-up when taking out zombies, I changed weapons; I started using Watanabes sword. I made maces for John, Alan, and Todd. None of the guys other than me knew how to use a bow, and it was too dangerous to use a gun because of the noise. Learning how to shoot a bow isnt something you do in a few days. The wonderful thing about zombies was they were predictable. When we first worked together, we made mistakes, and a few times it got touchy. A zombie bit Johns thigh. John was wearing thick jeans and thank God the bite didnt break the skin.
We quickly figured out the most efficient way to kill zombies. As long as you had back-up and could run faster than a zombie, it wasnt a big deal to take a zombie down in close quarters. The four of us became zombie killing machines.
Whenever we saw a small group of zombiessay, fewer than ten or sowe would draw them back to an area where we knew they were isolated and where we wouldnt be surprised by more zombies. I would charge them and cut off their left legs at the thigh. The zombies were almost always facing me, so their left thighs were the easiest to cut through with a forehand strike. Watanabes sword cut through their thighs like butter. Once a zombies leg was cut off, it always did the same thing. It would get on its two hands and one remaining knee and crawl to the nearest human. The other guys would stay back till the zombie reached for them and then stomp on the zombies hand.
When the zombies fingers were broken, it couldnt grab you. Its disturbing at first to feel the small bones of a zombies hand and fingers snap and pop under your boot but you get used to it. Once the zombie was down to just one leg and had at least one hand smashed, it was really easy to bash in its head. All of us liked this division of labor. I chopped off legs. They bashed in heads. I still used my bow occasionally but most of the time I used Watanabes sword.
You might be wondering why I was always the guy on-point. When I was in college, I took a History of WWII class. I remember having a lecture about how the US government first started researching war psychology during this period. Psychologists interviewed every man who survived the successful US invasion of a Japanese-held Pacific Island (I cant remember which) and found out over 90% of US soldiers had never aimed a single bullet at an enemy soldier. They stayed under cover as much as possible and they fired their weapons without aiming. These soldiers entire focus was to not get shot; they had no interest in killing the enemy. Less than 10% of the US soldiers were there to kill the enemy. Even back then, when I was 18, I knew Id be one of the guys out to kill someone.
The lesson I learned in that WWII class stuck with me because it made sense and helped explain how the world worked. John, Alan, and Todd were all good citizens. They werent killers; I was. Dont get me wrong; they werent cowards. It takes courage to do something youre afraid of. All these guys were willing to do what was necessary to protect themselves, their friends and family, but it wasnt natural for them. And because it wasnt natural for them to be on-point, they were more likely to make unforced errors that would get them and the rest of us in trouble.
I was good with being in front. To tell you the truth, it was a lot of fun. I used to take 25 foot jumps on my bike for fun. Killing zombies with backup wasnt that much more dangerous than what I used to do on skis or bikes before the outbreak. Daves sword was just long enough that I could take off a zombies leg without being so close the zombie could grab me. On the few occasions I came across a zombie with really long arms, I cut off the arms first.
Killing zombies was a rush. Even though Im more of a loner than most, Im still human, and humans are social animals. Going out to bars, watching sports, skiing, and mountain biking is always more fun in a group. It turns out that taking out zombies with a group of friends is more fun than killing them on your own.
It helped a lot that zombies didnt wander much. Unless they were actively following someone or being drawn by a loud noise, they tended to stay close to where they lived or worked when they were alive. Once we cleared out a new area, it typically stayed clear. When we werent killing zombies, we spent time making zombie habitrails. The four of us made as many habitrails as possible.
One of the things that had fascinated me about zombies was that when they were killed they didnt rot. Even though I and other humans couldnt smell dead zombies, live zombies could. When I started using Daves sword, I ended up with a bunch of severed legs. As an experiment, I stuffed some of the smaller legs into garbage bags and quickly tied them shut to see if zombies could still smell the legs. They couldnt. I noticed no other animal was willing to eat dead zombies. For the first couple of days after the 11th, there had been a huge number of stray dogs and cats. None of them were being fed by their owners. I had expected them to start feeding on the dead zombies; they didnt. The usual scavengers, like rats or ravens, didnt feed on them either. Only zombies ate dead zombies.
Im not an animal lover, but it was sad what happened to dogs and cats after the outbreak. Most cats and dogs, when they were healthy and well-fed, were able to outrun a zombie. Without humans to feed them, most pampered pets started starving. Zombies were able to catch animals weakened by hunger. Within a few weeks most of the pets that survived the initial outbreak were gone.
Once we figured out all you had to do was to put a dead zombie into a garbage bag and then tie it to stop live zombies from smelling it, it wasnt a big deal to use some of Daves lesser-quality swords to cut off the arms, legs, and heads and stuff them into garbage bags. I never used my sword for this because it was easy to cut completely through the body and hit the ground underneath it; this was bad for the blade.
We found out if you threw some lighter fluid on a dead zombie, you didnt even have to take it out of the garbage bag. Zombies could smell the burning flesh and come around like humans would if they smelled a really good barbecue. We stuffed zombie parts in garbage bags and left them all over our habitrails so we could use them as bait if we wanted or needed.
It was clear these zombies were not caused by accident. They were too well-designed for wiping out humans and all aspects of human civilization to be an accident. Wild animals had nothing to fear from them. They would be too fast for zombies to catch and the zombies would not affect their food supply. They were designed to wipe out humans and domesticated animals. Dogs, cats, even horses and cattle that were fenced in, all animals that depended on humans to survive would be easy prey for them. Somebody designed zombies just to wipe out humans and their pets without harming wild animals.
I was in high school during the late 1970s and early 1980s. In those days, everybody thought there was a good chance the US would lose the Cold War to the Soviets. All the experts thought the Soviets had a better army than the US and its allies. During the Carter and Reagan years, there was a controversy whether US-led NATO forces should deploy neutron bombs between Western and Eastern Europe. Neutron bombs were nuclear weapons that would do minimal physical damage. They pump out radiation that would kill enemy soldiers without harming roads, vehicles, or buildings. The radiation produced by neutron bombs was short-acting; within weeks of use, the radiation would be down to safe levels. The experts were wrong about the Soviet Unions strength; the Cold War ended with a whimper and neutron bombs were never used.
I was convinced someone was using zombies and vampires as their own version of the neutron bomb. Somebody wanted to preferentially kill humans and their pets while leaving all the other non-domesticated animals alone. Within hours of a zombie outbreak, all power and communication infrastructures were taken out. If my goal was to wipe out human technology, I would use an EMP.
I learned about EMPs in a documentary I saw on the History Channel. In 1962, the US set off a high altitude nuclear bomb 900 miles from Hawaii. The blast set off an EMP that destroyed three percent of all the light bulbs in Hawaii. Since then, technology has improved and electronic devices have gotten smaller and more vulnerable to. If that same nuclear bomb was set off today, it is likely every electronic device and light in Hawaii would be destroyed. Initially the only way to get an EMP was through a nuclear explosion. The documentary said there were rumors the US military had found a way to create EMPs without a nuclear explosion.
Up until now I had always been reacting to what was happening. I hadnt had a chance to proactively defend myself against whatever, whoever, was trying to wipe us out. If I prepared for an EMP attack and it didnt happen, I would have just wasted time. If an EMP attack occurred and I wasnt prepared, I would probably die. I would start by proactively preparing for the next attack. Eventually I would find out who was responsible for these attacks and then I would kick their ass.
The only way to block an electromagnetic pulse is with a Faraday cage. A Faraday cage is simpleno moving parts required. Its just a cage made of conductive metal that is attached to a ground. An EMP is so strong any conductive metal exposed to it develops an electrical current. Pieces of metal, such as my sword or your typical electric cord, wouldnt suffer any adverse consequences from this, but extremely thin and small electrical wires and connections, such as the filaments in light bulbs and/or copper connections in computer chips, would blow out. If an electrical circuit is completely surrounded by metal and separated from the surrounding metal by air or other electrically-resistant material that electrical circuit is protected from the EMP. Every modern refrigerator is a Faraday cage. It is completely surrounded by metal, the inside is entirely covered by plastic, and the electrical cord is three pronged and has a ground.
I looked closely at my house and, after discussing it with Sara and Todd, decided it would be impossible to protect it with a Faraday cage. We didnt have enough time, metal, or the equipment to cover my entire house. On the other hand, my garage was already a Faraday cage. It had aluminum siding and a metal roof. I used contact cement to glue tin foil over the entire floor and then covered the foil with carpet I had salvaged from my neighbors homes. My vehicles had rubber tires to help insulate them from the metal on the floor and I made sure the rest of the electronic equipment I stored in the garage rested on top of wooden pallets or plastic shelves. My freight elevator was made of metal and I had already installed a rubber mat on top of it to protect the metal, so I didnt have to do anything to it.
We took all the bikes, skis, and sporting equipment I had in my garage and put them in a neighbors garage. I took out my Prius and motorcycle and put Todds full-sized SUV in the garage next to my truck. I then filled my garage with as many computers, generators, and refrigerators as I could fit in there. There were two other garages close to my houseone a two-car and the other a one-car, similar to minethat could easily be converted into Faraday cages. We cleaned them out and filled them up with three full-size four-wheel-drive trucks with extended cabs and as many electrical power tools and as much equipment as we could find.
You would think someone would have squawked or complained about all the work I was asking them to do, but no one did. Before I had come around, all they had been doing was waiting to run out of food and water and then die. I had given them a plan and some hope. They may have thought I was paranoid when I told them I was worried about an EMP, but they didnt argue with me.
I considered warning the wards about the possibility of an EMP but decided not to. Why warn the wards about something they couldnt do anything about and might not happen? I decided instead to tell them to put as many unused flashlights, batteries, laptops, and walkie-talkies they had into their refrigerators. I used the urban myth that putting batteries in refrigerators prolonged their usefulness. I wanted the wards to think I was infallible. I was worried about an EMP, but I wasnt convinced we would be hit by one. If I was wrong about the EMP, I wouldnt look infallible.
The only other group of humans that could possibly make Faraday cages was Helen Hansens family in Nebraska. I got their contact information from Helen and then skyped Eric Hansen. It took only a few minutes of conversation to figure out that he was a wily old bird. It would have been interesting to play poker with him.
I got straight to the point. Mr. Hansen, I believe there is a probability that we might be subject to an EMP attack.
He grinned. Director Jones, you just convinced me that you are the first competent Fed Ive ever met. Im glad my daughter has you around. Ive been preparing for an EMP attack for the past month. 
Have you told her about this possibility?
No. Have you?
We both laughed. Talking to Eric Hansen was like talking to a mirror image of me, only twenty years older.
Once my house was properly fortified and supplied, I decided to bring in Jim, Frank, and Ryan. I probably could have brought them in weeks earlier but I felt reluctant. I trust my instincts, so I had left them alone until it felt right. After a while, I figured out what my subconscious had been trying to tell me, No one is ever a prophet in his own land because first impressions are hard to break and no leader is ever really respected by people who knew him before he was a leader.
Jim, Frank, and Ryan knew me as a drinking buddy who never had a job and lived off a trust fund. Everyone else knew me as the Federal Director of Emergency Services in Utah. I had known Todd Bloom before, but we had never been close or talked much. Before the 11th, I hadnt known he was a widower, or that he had been a structural engineer prior to retiring. He hadnt known anything much about me, either. He didnt have a prior impression of me that needed to be changed. My subconscious wanted everybody elses impression of me to be fully-formed before they met Jim and his roommates.
It felt right to contact Jim on October 8th, so I did. Just before dusk on the 9th, I picked him and his roommates up. We were all having a party to welcome them when the EMP struck.

Chapter 22: Jim Wright, October 9th, Year 1
As soon as wed all agreed to help Mark, he got a call from a walkie-talkie. We listened to the conversation. This Helen Hansen sounded like a pissed off spitfire. After talking to the ward, Mark gave us all large duffle bags and told us to put in a couple of changes of clothes and enough other things for a few days or weeks including our high-powered rifles and enough ammo for at least a dozen reloads in the bag. He gave each of us a walkie-talkie and told us the channel he was going to use.
It was weird as hell. I felt like I was in the twilight zone. Ive known Mark for three years. All it takes is a zombie outbreak for a laid-back couldnt-give-a-shit-about-anything guy to turn into General Patton.
While we were packing our bags, I heard Mark talking to Lisa and John. They were to be in charge while he was gone. He told them to get to work hooking up one of the replacement generators in the garage in order to get the lights working again. He also instructed them to turn on a walkie-talkie for an hour at first light, noon, and dusk, but at all other times to keep them off and in a refrigerator. He told them there was no way to be sure this was the last EMP attack. He told them to stay in the house until he got back into contact with them. I had expected them to get into a conversation, with some give-and-take and ideas from everyone. It wasnt a conversation. It was just Mark giving orders. They acted like they were in the military.
While we had been showering, the pickup truck had been unloaded and put back in the garage, so it had been protected from the EMP. While we had been packing, the others had already loaded a generator on the back. He had us climb into the back of the pickup truck with our bags. He also threw in a bundle of what looked like spears. I wondered why he would bring spears to a gun fight. He kept the back window open to be able to talk to us. He asked us to speak in a quiet voice and to avoid whispering. He said whispering was actually easier to overhear. If he pointed somewhere with his fingers like a gun, he wanted us to shoot at whatever he was pointing at.
It was dark, so Mark drove five miles an hour at most. He kept the lights off as he drove. Again he had to often go off-road. We were only a quarter mile from the ward so it didnt take long. Mark stopped just out of sight of the ward and stepped out of the truck, leaving it running. He said he was going to contact the ward to let them know we were here. He told us to make sure all the zombies were following him before we drove the truck closer to the ward.
He went to his duffle bag and got out his samurai sword and a backpack. The sword was strapped under the backpack, across his back with the hilt coming up over his right shoulder. He put on a head strap that had an LED headlight on it, but didnt turn on the light.
He turned to us. Guys, when you get into the ward can you bring in my duffle bag and the bundle of spears?
I nodded.
He turned on his walkie-talkie. Director Jones calling ward.
This is Art Bingham.
Art, good to hear you. Please have everyone stay inside the ward out of view of the zombies but also keep an eye out on the fence. In a few minutes, I will be leading all the zombies away from you. As soon as all the zombies are drawn away, a truck with three of my men will come close to your gate and flash its headlights. The abandoned vehicles in front of your gates will prevent them from being able to drive into your enclosure. We have a replacement generator in the back of the truck. My men will need at least four of you to help carry the generator. I will be back in about 45 minutes or so, hopefully without the zombies, and you will need to let me in.
Mark, uh Director Jones, did I hear right? Youre going to draw away all the zombies? You, personally?
Mark chuckled, Yes, Art, you heard me right. Wish me luck. Over.
Good luck, Director Jones!
Mark then waved to us and took off running toward the ward. Once he got close to the zombies, he started shouting and waving his arms in the air. He got the zombies attention. He started running up 900 East. We could see he was trying to stay about a hundred feet ahead of the closest zombie. I have no idea how long it took. It was one of those weird instances where time seems to go slow and fast simultaneously. Eventually all the zombies around the ward took out after Mark and disappeared from sight.
I started up the truck and headed toward the front gate. This is the first time since Ive been divorced that Id been back to the ward. One of the reasons I got divorced was because my wife was unhappy that I didnt want to go to Sunday services.
I parked the truck about fifty to sixty feet from the gate. I couldnt drive closer because of all the abandoned cars. I flashed my lights. Ten guys ran out toward us and helped grab our bags and the generator and we rushed through the gates. I recognized Hiram and some of the other guys.
We were brought quickly into the ward building. Four men carried the replacement generator in and took it to the where the old generator was. Frank is an engineer and into that kind of stuff, so he went with them. The rest of us headed to the gymnasium. 

Chapter 23: Mark Jones, October 9th, Year 1
By drawing out the zombies by myself in the dark, I was taking a calculated risk. I didnt know if there were any vampires near me. I was hoping that if there were, they would wait until close to midnight to attack. I had a sample size of one. The only other vampire I had come across had tried to take me about 1:30 a.m. I was hoping that if I ran across another, it would wait until later in the night. One of the first things I noticed about zombies is they tended to disappear between one and four a.m. I was hoping one of the reasons for this was that they were hiding from vampires.
It would be great if we only had to worry about vamps during this time period. Over the last month, John, Alan, Todd, and I had been busy making zombie habitrails, the biggest at Westminster Colleges Jewett Center for the Performing Arts, on 1840 South and 1300 East. The Jewett Center was slightly less than a mile northeast of the ward. I picked the Jewett Center as a habitrail because it had a huge basement. It could hold thousands of zombies, as long as zombies had a way in and no way out.
We had already cleaned out the zombies between the ward and the Jewett Center. I hoped no new zombies had moved back into the area. It would ruin my day if I got trapped between two groups of zombies. I had to make sure I was always in sight of the zombies following me, so I was walking most of the time. I only ran when the zombies got too close. I was going around two miles an hour so it took me thirty minutes to get to the Jarrett Performance Center. Once I could see the front door, I took off running as fast as I could. The Performance Center had a lot of glass windows. The zombies would be able to see me inside. I had left the west door entrance unlocked. I opened it and then used the door stop I had left there to keep the door open.
The Jewett Center has a basement and two upper floors with two sets of elevators and multiple stairs. All the stairs to the basement had metal fire doors. It had been easy to weld or bolt all these doors shut. When we had converted the Jewett Center into a habitrail, we had cut down the stairs between the first and second floors with Saras oxy-acetylene torches. We left one set of elevators alone, with all the doors closed. We worked on the other elevator, the one closest to the west side entrance. All the elevator doors on all the levels were pried open and kept open. We cut the cable to the elevator so it fell to the basement and then we cut the top half of the elevator off, cut that into little pieces and dumped the pieces on the floor of the basement.
As I ran toward the open elevator shaft, I saw three zombies headed toward me. When these zombies had been alive they really must have loved the performing arts. I ran at them full speed. I drew Watanabes sword out and struck with the same motion. I struck the first zombie at the junction of its left neck and shoulder, cutting across to its opposite arm pit. I could barely feel the resistance as its body collapsed. I used the same strike from the opposite side on the next zombie, moving the sword in a horizontal figure-eight pattern. The second zombie went down. I continued the figure-eight and struck the third zombie exactly the same way I had hit the first. In less than three seconds, I cut three zombies in half.
Dave Watanabe: at first I just respected your love, but as I have gotten to know her, I too have fallen for her. I will marry her and she will bear my children. God damn! I love this sword. As I looked down at the tile floor, there were three animated heads attached to one arm trying to crawl toward me. As you can imagine, it was hard for a zombie with just a head and one arm to make much progress. They were all flopping around in circles. The parts of the body that were detached from the head lay unmoving. It was the funniest-looking thing ever. I couldnt help it; I burst out laughing. I wiped zombie gunk from my sword on one of the unmoving bodies. I slid my sword back in its sheath. Baby, forgive me; I dont have time to clean you properly now but I will as soon as I can. As I ran, I wondered if the animated heads of the zombies I had cut down would eat their own separated bodies. The rest of the zombies following me probably wouldnt give the heads enough time to do this, but it was an interesting question.
 The other zombies were now just fifty feet away from me. As I ran toward the elevator shaft, I flicked on my head lamp. The lower half of the elevator shaft ladder had been cut off, so I had to jump about a foot off the ground and four feet into the shaft to grab the lowest remaining rung. Got it.
I pulled up with both my hands on the ladder rung, hands facing away from me until my hands were just below my chin. I kept my left hand on the rung and reached up two more rungs with my right hand. I got my right foot on the lowest rung and then my left foot. I was now in a crouching position, with both my feet on the lowest rung and my two hands on a rung about 18 inches higher than my feet. I had asked Sara previously to cut a five-foot section of ladder off above my hands; she had followed my instructions.
I didnt look back. I needed to see what I was doing but I could hear the zombies coming toward me. It sounded like they were less than ten feet away.
I then did what rock climbers call a dynamic move. I let go with my hands and thrust down with my feet so my knees and hips were now straight, reaching up with my hands at the same time. It was simple, once my legs were straight, to grab the next lowest ladder rung. Its a little freaky the first time you do a dynamic move, but once youve done it a few times, its fairly easy. I climbed up to the next floor. The mass of zombies had reached the open elevator shaft below me. There were so many of that the closest ones were being pushed in. I had some time now. There was no way a zombie could climb up the elevator shaft and there wasnt another way to get up to the second floor.
I turned my headlight off. I needed to get my eyes acclimated to the dark again. Next to the open elevator shaft was a canvas bag filled with newspapers, and a small wooden box. I took my backpack off and pulled out a lighter and some lighter fluid. I squirted some lighter fluid on the newspapers and the wooden box and then set them on fire. The box was full of bullets. I then threw the whole bag down the elevator shaft to the basement. In about twenty minutes, the fire would burn through the box and the bullets would go off. Every zombie within hearing distance would come.
Then, I squirted lighter fluid over a pile of garbage bags filled with zombie parts in the center of the hallway, and threw my lighter on the bags. The fire quickly burned through the garbage bags and died out. The smell of singed flesh and burnt plastic filled the air. I pulled an iPod attached to battery-operated speakers from my backpack and turned it on.
I had turned the Jewett Performance Center into a zombie magnet. With the music and the smell of singed dead zombies, none of the zombies I had drawn to the center from the ward would be leaving soon, and when the bullets in the wooden box started going off, every other zombie within hearing distance would come here, too. If I was lucky, thousands of zombies would be trapped in the basement of this building. All the zombies coming here would force more and more zombies down the elevator shaft and into the basement.
It was time to scram. I went to the east side of the building. I had left rope there to rappel down. I checked to make sure there were no zombies in sight. It was clear. I got to the ground without any problems, pulled my sword out and cut the rope about nine feet off the ground. No zombie was going to climb it. Forget about white men; zombies cant jump.
It took me just under ten minutes to make it back to the ward. When I got within eye sight of the ward I stopped, looked around to make sure there were no zombies anywhere near and took off my headlight. I took out a clean rag and an oil bottle and took a couple minutes to clean Watanabes sword properly. I then took out a packet of Baby Wipes and some waterless hand sanitizer and cleaned off my face and body.
Salt Lake City has a desert climate. It was a warm October night and it was in the low 50s. Even at this temperature, after all I had done in the last 45 minutes I was soaked with nervous sweat. Try running in the dark with thousands of zombies after you. Youd be covered in sweat, too. I changed clothes. Id been wearing a dark t-shirt and some jeans. They were disposable; I left them on the ground. I was now dressed in a black wool suit and a white silk button-down shirt. I put on a pair of Rockport dress shoes. These are shoes that look like dress shoes but have the soles and support of athletic shoes. I keep my hair short. I ran some gel through it and combed it down with my fingers.
Now you ask: Why the hell would I take time to clean up and change clothes? The answer is simple. I wasnt really the Federal Director of Emergency services in Utah. I had no actual authority. It was my not-so-humble opinion that people needed to listen to me because I was the only one that could make the right decisions. By itself, my opinion didnt mean much. If I came back to the ward looking like shit after drawing off thousands of zombies, I would be a courageous heroic man but still only a man. If I came back to the ward looking like James Bond, I would be a legend. Legends get more respect than mere mortals.
If I was a normal guy, the stress of trying to be a legend would probably wear me out. The people of Salt Lake City were lucky Im a narcissistbeing worshipped is how I roll. I left the backpack behind. Black suits and white silk shirts dont go with backpacks.

Chapter 24: Mike Smith, September 11th to October 9th, Year 1
Oh my God, it hurts! I reached from my bed and turned on the light. So bright, so bright. Damn it! I swung my arm, hit the lamp, and it fell. It was dark again. Better, but why do I hurt so much? My skin is crawling. My teeth chatter. Im so cold. My t-shirt and jockey shorts are wet and damp with sweat.
What time is it? The red LED-lights of my alarm clock read 5:48 a.m. Uuuhh, Im going to hurl. I got up from bed and stumbled to the bathroom. I heard my wife wake.
Honey, whats wrong?
I dont know, Beth; I just feel like shit. I vomited. I heard her get out of bed. I could hear her body moving across the sheets and the impact of her bare feet on our carpeted floor. Its so loud! Shit, she turned on the light. God damn it! For the love of God, please turn off the light!
Im sorry, honey. Whats wrong?
I felt her hand on my shoulder as I leaned over the toilet. I heaved. I had nothing left in my stomach. It felt like my guts were coming out of my mouth. Beth rubbed my back. I knew she was trying to help, but her hand felt like sandpaper. I dont know Beth. I must have food poisoning.
Honey, youre so hot, youre burning up. We need to get you to the hospital. Do you think you can get to the car or should I call an ambulance?
I dont know. Oh shit! I heaved again. I was so cold I was shaking. My teeth were chattering as loud as jack hammers. I felt dizzy and I felt myself slump forward. I couldnt move.
Oh, honey. I felt my wife drag me across the bathroom floor into my bedroom. She somehow got me on to my bed. I still couldnt move. It went dark.
Ah, it burned! It was morning. The light from the window felt like fire across my face. I jumped into the bathroom and closed the door. It was dark again. I went back to sleep.
Eyes open, stretch, hungry. Walk out of room. Smell dead prey. Adult female, throat torn out, sniff, lick the wound. Lick it again. No more blood left; all drained. Need to hunt.
Balcony sliding glass door, smash through it, third floor, jump to street. Jump another thirty feet and then another. Smell prey. There in house on right. Jump on roof. Listen; only one prey. Reach up; straighten whole body fully in air. Slam hands down, claws out. Claws and fingers penetrate roof. Curl fingers, pull roof out. Splinters fly and roof is open. Rip out insulation. Pull out wooden wall-studs. Break through drywall.
What the hell? Whos there? Loud sharp noise, again noise, tug on my left shoulder, small hole. I see hole close, no pain. Male prey, holding rifle, grab rifle, twist, throw it. Claws stab into meat of preys shoulder. Prey screams. Amusing, let prey go. It tries to run. Reach down with index claw and cut heel tendon. Prey falls to ground, turns on its back, faces me. Tears run down its face.
Fuck you, fuck you.
Play some more? No hungry. Prey tries to punch. Grab its forearm near hand, bite down and take out chunk of flesh and bone from wrist just below thumb. Spit chunk out. Food spurts out, shooting in time with the beat of preys heart. Place mouth over wound and drink. Hold prey close. It struggles, legs kick against me, other hand tries to push me away, heart beating quickly. Soon, too soon, preys struggles get weak and the pressure of food in mouth weakens. Heart beat stops.
Pick up dead prey, place mouth to throat and bite, tearing into neck soft tissues until only spinal bone is holding head on to neck. Pick up prey by chest upside down over my head, letting gravity pull last of food out of preys body into my mouth.
Full, sleepy now, need place to sleep. Compulsion. No resist! Compulsion, must go. Cant resist. Must follow compulsion.
Leap out of roof. Jump, jump, follow compulsion. Try resisting again, again fail, and enter large white granite building. See others. Not my territory. Others must die. Protect territory. Try to attack. Compulsion will not let me attack. Angry, now getting angrier, see multiple prey. Food in lit rooms. Light burns. Loud sharp noises again. Dont want to go in. Compulsion forces me. Angry; hate compulsion. One of the others destroys light. Better.
Attack prey, prey so slow, kill and kill and kill. Compulsion will not let me feed. Anger, anger, I hate compulsion.
All prey dead, only others alive. I try to attack others; compulsion will not let me. It is my territory; others must die. I scream. Others scream. The light burned me before it was destroyed. I need to feed. Compulsion allows me to feed. I bite through necks and lift dead food into air to drain their juices into my mouth. Angry, living food tastes better. Next time will wound and disable prey first so they taste better. After I drain three of the dead prey, my burns are healed.
I try to attack others. All food is mine; compulsion comes back, it will not let me. I jump back to where I killed first prey. House dark, windows all covered with wood. Good place to sleep.
I wake at night. Feed every night. Many not-prey on streets. Not-prey annoying, always try to attack. No reason to kill not-prey. Cannot feed on not-prey, tried playing with not-prey, no amusement, not-prey never tries to run, always tries to attack. There are hours every night where there are few not-prey. I sleep during the day. Nights go by; I roam my territory when number of not-prey is lower. I have territory. Mine. Content.
Many nights pass, I am hunting, compulsion back, forces me to go south out of my territory. I resist; I fail; anger. I see others. Again I cannot attack. Building surrounded by fence. I jump over it easily. Jump on to roof. Others land beside me.

Chapter 25: Hiram Rockwell, October 9th, Year 1
Before September 11th, I had faith in God and I had faith that he had a plan. On the 11th when I killed my mother, Gods plan was revealed to me. I no longer needed faith; I am now certain that he had a plan that would save the righteous.
Last year, when the world was still normal, I was a Sergeant in the First Ranger Battalion in the 75th Ranger Regiment in Fort Stewart, Georgia. I had enlisted eight years previously when I was 19, and served multiple combat tours in both Iraq and Afghanistan. I had just gotten an invitation to try out for Delta Force. You dont apply for Delta Force; you get invited. Only seven percent of those invited pass the selection courses. For a few hours I was the happiest man in the world. I am a warrior and the best warriors in the world had just challenged me to step up and try to join them. That same day I got a call from my mom. My dad was sick. There was no one my parents could trust that could run his drywall business. They needed me home.
My parents have eight children, but Im the only boy, and the youngest child. None of my sisters or their husbands was up to running Dads business. Dad owns one of the largest drywall installation businesses in Utah, but with the economy, the business was down and finances were tight. With the costs of raising eight kids and paying for seven weddings, my folks didnt have much in the way of retirement savings. They needed someone they could trust to run things until Dad got better. I was raised LDS and I was taught to respect God, family, and nation, in that order. It was hard, but my family was more important than my career.
My father died right after Christmas. I was at his bedside in the hospital when he passed, and I knew I had done the right thing. If I had still been in the army, I probably would have been deployed overseas and wouldnt have been able to be there. Shortly after Dad died, my Mom started getting sick. I dont think she wanted to live without my father.
My sisters are all married and have small children. All of them live at least an hour drive from my parents. They tried to help as best they could but it was mostly up to me to take care of my mother and the business. It was tough. I worked all day running crews and trying to drum up new work. Nights I spent with my mom. I had no time to socialize or unwind. It may sound funny, but life is simpler in combat. Its you and your guys against the enemy. Sure, you have to worry about IEDs and terrorists hiding among civilians. You may not know who the bad guys are but you always know who the good guys are and the good guys always wear the same uniform. You always have buddies whove got your back. In civilian life, I was dealing with general contractors who wouldnt pay their bills, asshole brothers-in-law asking for loans, and employees who wouldnt show up for work. I never had much milk of human kindness. Now I had even less. I was always pissed off.
Then things started going crazy. In March, a CNN reporter and his entire crew were eaten alive by zombies on camera. The drywall business dried up to nothing. I was able to keep the business going by getting my crews out to help people fortify their homes against zombies. I had barely enough business to make expenses. Bishop Johnson approached me and asked me set up and run a militia to help protect the ward. Theres a world of difference between being a sergeant in charge of a squad of US Rangers and being the militia leader of a bunch of kids in high school and middle-aged guys with pot-bellies. I knew I was doing the right thing by being here to care for my mom, but I was not in a happy place.
On the morning of September 11th, I woke up to the sound of an emergency broadcast from my radio. I got up and went to wake up mom. She was already up. She was in her bathroom, puking. Her health was poor. Her doctors told me she had congestive heart failure. I didnt know what that meant, but she had difficulty breathing and needed oxygen. I dialed 911 to see if I could get an ambulance but all I got was a busy signal. Eventually mom had nothing left to vomit up and I got her on her bed. We needed to get to the ward. I was packing up her medications and her clothes when I heard her get out of bed. I turned around and saw that my mom wasnt alive any longer. She was undead. She came toward me, her arms outstretched, her mouth open, making a high-pitched screaming sound. Her skin had lost all color and her eyes were glazed.
I knew then that God had a plan. My mother, even as she aged and got sick, had always been a dignified proud woman. She would have hated the idea of wandering around after her death as a zombie. I had been given the opportunity by our Heavenly Father to end my mothers suffering immediately. It wasnt going to be a stranger, someone who only saw a zombie that would end her suffering. I would send her to heaven to be with my father eternally. As my mothers body reached for me, I placed my left hand under her chin, my palm up, my thumb on the left side of her chin and my fingers on the right. I placed my right hand on top of her head, mirroring the position of my left hand. I twisted her head clockwise. I felt and heard a snap. Her body collapsed but her mouth and eyes kept moving. I could barely see through my tears.
I lowered her body down to the floor of the bedroom she had shared with my father for 46 years. I looked at the face of the woman who bore me, raised me, and loved me. Her face was in a snarl and her mouth was constantly opening and closing, trying to bite me. My mother had been a frail, thin 66-year-old woman. Im six-footfour-inches tall and weigh 260 pounds. I took my left hand and turned her head so that her left ear was on the floor. I placed my left hand palm down just behind her right ear to stabilize her head. I then slammed my right elbow as hard as I could, placing the full weight of my body down behind it against her right temple, where the skull is the thinnest. I could feel my mothers skull collapse beneath me and my mother died a second time.
I knew then that God was separating the righteous from the unrighteous and he had a plan for me. I walked purposely out of my house that day. The streets were too clogged up to drive. I ran to the ward and I have been here ever since.
The first five days in the ward were FUBAR, fucked up beyond all recognition. Orville Johnson had been a good guy. He had been the perfect civilian Bishop. There was no one on Earth who felt and knew the love of God more than Orville, but we needed someone who could command and control. Bishop Johnson wasnt that man. It may sound brutal but it wasnt a bad thing for the ward that he died. I know from experience that in combat, if you have the wrong person in charge, things can get totally fucked. When he lost his sons, Bishop Johnson lost everything he wanted on Earth; there is no way he wasnt in a better place. He and his family were better off there.
Art Bingham, the First Counselor, tried to step up and take charge, but he was struggling. I tried to help but Im not an officer. If you are going to survive combat, you have to know what you are good at. The military separates out battle plans into tactics and strategy. Im good at tactics. Tell me to take that village or hold that pass, Ill do it for you. I dont do strategy. I dont know the first thing about choosing which village to take or which pass to hold. Its probably one of the reasons why I hated having to run my dads business; if I had been good at it I probably would have liked it more. I would rather have been a foreman working one job at a time. I hated the strategic parts of business, like marketing, accounting, and payroll crap that you needed to do well to make a consistent profit.
I was shown quickly how much I suck at command when I tried to disarm the gentiles, the non-Mormons in the ward. I was flashing back to the Sand Box where the enemy hides among civilians. I was going on instinct. I forgot that everyone in the ward was American and there was no way that any American could be helping these stinking zombies. I was lucky Helen Hansen was there to cool the situation down. I never thought Id say this about a woman, but that chick had a head on her shoulders; she was actually better at making good command decisions than all the rest of us. With her advising Art, things werent as bad as they could have been.
On the 16th, the ward got a call from the Federal Director of Emergency Services. At first my heart sank. In Iraq and Afghanistan, Id had plenty of experience with the Feds. Over there they come in two flavors: State Department pukes and CIA spooks, and they both suck. The State Department idiots were always fucking with our rules of engagement. No, you cant call an airstrike on fuckers who are sniping at us. What? Why would you be so upset that a bunch of good men got killed just so a bunch of politicians could look good on CNN? The spooks were just as bad, constantly giving us crap intel. You could always bet that if they said some village headman was Taliban, it was the exact opposite.
To my surprise, Director Jones knew what he was doing. It was all part of Gods plan. He destroyed the world so I could meet an intelligent woman and a competent Fed. As time passed, my opinion of the Director changed. He wasnt competent; he was a genius. The final proof was when we got hit by the EMP. I could tell Helen and Art were ticked he hadnt warned them about this possibility. Im ex-military; I live on need-to-know. Hey, the Director had made sure all the precautions that could possibly have been taken against an EMP had been taken. Who gave a shit whether he had given us the exact details? Ever since the zombies had first shown up in Africa, all our leaders had been behind the ball; mistake after mistake had been made. For the first time, someone in charge had figured out what was going to happen before it happened.
At first when all the lights went out, everyone was panicked. After hearing from Director Jones, things calmed down a lot. When people found out he was actually going to come into the ward, it almost seemed like a party. We had all been stuck in the ward for a month. There hadnt been much in the way of anything new in all that time. People reacted to the news they would finally get to meet Mark Jones like they would if theyd been told they were getting to meet the President.
Part of the cluster-fuck that had happened in the first couple days after the 11th, we had gone through almost all of our bullets. We had 34 rounds left for our AR-15s. These are civilian versions of the standard US military rifle. There were only two men other than myself I trusted with these rounds. I split up the rounds between the three of us. I made sure all the rest of the militia men had bayonets on their empty rifles.
When Director Jones got into radio contact with us again, I was surprised to hear he planned to draw off the zombies himself instead of sending out one of his men. This was a bad sign. It meant he didnt trust any of his men to do it right. You have to understand that in any group of men in combat, there are always more guys like me who are good at tactics than there are who are good at strategy. High-ranking officers are not supposed to engage in hand-to-hand, not because they are cowards or bad at it, but because there are never enough men who are good at strategy and they shouldnt be risked. If the Director had to do something as dangerous as drawing out thousands of zombies in the middle of the night by himself, it meant he had no guys like me around to do the grunt work. I hadnt been too stressed before I had figured this out, but once I did, I was freaking. We couldnt afford to lose the Director. I trust our Lord but he likes to worry me.
When people found out the Director was just outside our fence, everyone wanted to go outside and see him. I stopped this cold. If the zombies saw any of us through the fence, it would mess up Director Jones plan to draw the zombies away. I had one guy I trusted looking outside for the flashing truck lights. When we got the signal to go outside to help the Directors men in, I made sure everybody knew that if anyone broke operational security, I would rip off their heads and piss down their throats.
I took a squad out to help Jim Wright and two other guys I didnt know unload their truck and brought them all into the ward house. Jims about five years older than me. I knew him growing up. Last I heard, hed gotten married and moved into his parents home after they died. I hadnt seen him since I enlisted. Jims not much of a talker. All he said when he got inside was we were supposed to wait on Mark Jones signal to let him in. Ive never had time go so slow before. Everyone was anxious. Even the kids could tell that something serious was happening and kept quiet.
Finally, Director Jones called in. Director Jones calling ward.
Art picked up. Glad to hear from you, Director.
Art, Im about two minutes away from your front gate. Can you please get me the three men I sent in?
I sent a man to get one of the guys that had accompanied Jim in. He had gone with two of our ward members who were mechanically inclined to help set up the generator wed just brought in. When the guy came up into the gym, Art let the Director know.
Jim, Frank, Ryan, I have about a dozen zombies that are following me. I need you guys to come out to the front gate with your air guns and take them out for me. Art, are you there?
Yes, Director.
Art, in a few minutes youre going to hear a bunch of bullets going off. Dont be worried. These bullets are being set off to pull zombies away from here. At this point only a dozen or so zombies are following me. We dont have to worry so much about you all being seen. Please send some men out to help open the gate. Try to keep the noise down and please, whatever you do, do not fire a gun.
Everyone went outside. We wanted to see what was going on. It was dark outside and it was difficult to see, but finally I was able to see a small splotch of white headed toward our front gates. It was the Director. He was walking slowly toward us. I guess he wanted to keep attracting the zombies that were following him. Jim and his two guys pulled up to the fence and pushed the barrels of their rifles through the fence. These rifles looked like BB-guns. As soon as the zombies behind became visible in our flashlights, they started firing their air guns. My respect for them went up a notch. Army snipers couldnt have done better. It was one shot, one kill, all the way. In a few seconds, all the zombies were down. Throughout this, the Director never broke his pace or even looked backwards; he had total confidence his guys could take out all the zombies easily.
As the Director got closer to the fence we could all see him. He looked like a character in a movie. He was wearing a suit, for Gods sake, and he was carrying a samurai sword. He looked like he was coming here for a dinner party. He sure as hell didnt look like a guy that had pulled thousands of zombies away from our fence. It took four of us to open our gate and, as he walked through the gates, waving and smiling, the bullets he had warned us about lit up. It sounded like automatic fire. Noise was no longer an issue. I raised a cheer. Everybody behind me started clapping and yelling.

Chapter 26: Helen Hansen, October 9th, Year 1
When we found out Mark Jones was coming here, the women went crazy, even the non-Mormons. They acted like George Clooney was coming. All of them started checking their make-up and making sure their children and husbands looked presentable. First Stacy, then Cheryl, and then a couple other women asked me if I wanted to borrow one of their dresses to wear. I said no to all of them. Part of the craziness was that this was all happening by candle-light and flashlights. There was no way I was going to get dressed up for that patronizing chauvinistic jerk, Mark Jones.
Well, I have to say that whatever Mark Jones was, he had a sense of timing and theater. His grand entrance into the ward couldnt have been more scripted. He was wearing a tailored Italian black wool suit and a white raw-silk dress shirt. He sauntered in right as the sound of bullets went off, and just seconds after all the dozen or so zombies following him were shot down. Im pretty sure that right then, every unmarried girl between the ages of 14 and 40 wanted to have his babies. The married women and the men werent much better. If Hiram had any speck of homosexuality in him, I believe he would have kissed Mark. Art looked completely relieved. Art had never been comfortable in the leadership position and now that Mark was here, Art looked like a hundred-pound weight had been taken off his shoulders.
I had predicted that Mark would be bald and 50 pounds overweight. I was wrong. He had a full head of black hair with a hint of graying at his temples. He had an athletic build and looked and moved like he was extremely fit. He was short. He was barely an inch or two taller than me. If I had been wearing heels, Im sure I would have been taller. For a second, I wished I had agreed to put on dress and heels so I could look down on him.
Mark took all the cheering, yelling, and clapping with a totally fake aw shucks, its only me, a heroic Federal Administrator in a 5000-dollar Italian suit, I dont deserve this kind of attention sort of way. He pulled us into the gymnasium again and gave one of the best political speeches Ive ever heard. First he started off apologizing for what had happened and what was going to continue to happen with peoples homes. We were in the middle of an emergency and while we had been in the ward, he and his people outside had been salvaging whatever they thought was necessary from our homes. He asked us when we went back to our homes to inventory everything we had that might have been taken or damaged by his team. He said eventually, when things calmed down, we would all be compensated, either in cash or in kind. He made of point of stating the word eventually so clearly and so often, and with so much solemn emphasis, that he had us all laughing. The way he said it made us understand eventually was going to be a really long time. He told us all our possessions had been nationalized and made us laugh.
He went on to explain his first priority was to get things stabilized and safe for us to go outside our enclosure. The next step was to find out who or what was responsible for the zombies and vampires, and to punish them. He referenced the US Constitution, the rule of law, and how as Americans we had never lost a war that we thought was important. He assured us we would not only survive, but that we would also get revenge on whoever had done this to us. Ive always considered myself a patriotic American. I never thought it was necessary to wave the American flag or pledge my American allegiance in public to prove this. Mark pushed every jingoistic love-my-country-right-or-wrong button ever made. I have to admit, though, he was a great speaker and it was good to hear someone thought it wasnt enough just to survive; we had to restore our culture and our nation. None of us had thought that far ahead.
Marks men brought eight halogen work lampsthe kind construction crews use. In about half an hour, our mechanics had gotten the replacement generator running. Again, Marks timing was perfect. He started his speech surrounded by candles and flashlights. As he finished, the halogen lights came on. It was the perfect allegory: he gave his talk in darkness and then as he finished, there was light.
While he was talking, Mark had men take turns using a thermal camera. He explained vampires had a core body temperature of 120 degrees. The camera allowed us to see a vampire through our walls and roof. You could tell he thought this camera was extremely important. He had wrapped Styrofoam and duct-tape around the camera so if it was accidently dropped, it wouldnt be so likely to be damaged.
After Mark finished his speech and the gym was lit up again, he had us prepare for a possible attack by multiple vampires. He told us if anything that looked like a vampire showed up on the cameras, we all needed to get to the walls and put our backs up against them so we could face the vampires. He didnt want us lighting candles because they were a fire hazard. Instead, every electric light we had was turned on to make it as uncomfortable as possible for vampires.
He marked six positions in the center of the gym where he wanted the men with rifles to stay. If we were attacked by vampires, concerns about gunshots attracting more zombies were the least of our problems. We needed to be able to take down the vampires as quickly as possible which meant we had to use rifles. Mark had a laser pointer. He was going to look through his thermal camera and use the laser pointer to mark where every vampire was. It would take time for a vampire to tear an opening through our roof or wall. We would use that time to try to take out the vampire before it got all the way through. Even the largest, most high-powered bullet will be deflected off in a random direction if it hits a small branch or twig. Since we were trying to shoot the vampires though walls, there would be no way to send accurate fire. He wanted every shooter to fire at the same time in the hope at least one of the bullets would strike in the right place. It wasnt about accuracy; it was about sending enough volume of fire to do some good.
He pulled out ten spears that were made from vampire claws and shovel handles. He showed us how sharp the claws were. He told us that if you were fighting a vampire hand-to-hand, you would need to stab a vampire through an eye or mouth to get to its brain, or to stab the vampire through its stomach region or abdomen, up into its chest, to get to its heart. He warned us vampire bones were as strong as steel and none of us would be able to stab a vampire through its rib cage with these spears. If we wanted to get its heart, we had to come from below. We were to stab with the sharp side of the claw up and the dull side down, so we could more easily cut up from below into the chest. The curved angle of the claws in this position would actually help guide the spears into the chest. He showed us where the heart wasslightly to the left but mostly in the center, just behind a bone called the sternum.
Mark told the men with bayonets to either stab a vampire through the eye or to try to get to a vampires heart through its rib cage. Unlike a spear which was too thick, the bayonet was skinny enough to be able to slip between a vampires ribs. Because of the way the bayonet mount was designed, it was almost impossible to reach a vampires heart from its abdomen.
Within minutes of meeting each other, and with hardly any conversation, Mark and Hiram formed a working officersergeant relationship. Before Vietnam, Hollywood presented soldiers as heroes; since then, soldiers have been mostly depicted as victims being taken advantage of by the government or as insane crazed killers. I grew up in a conservative rural family with six younger brothers. As children, we had a steady diet of pre-Vietnam, John Wayne, Gary Cooper, and Gregory Peck movies. In almost every war movie of that generation, there was a heroic officer who was being helped by his right-hand man, a crusty wise sergeant. Mark and Hiram formed this relationship within minutes. Mark had only ten spears to hand out and he picked out the men who got them, but I saw that it was actually Hiram who was pointing out the men with his eyes and then Mark following his guidance. When Mark asked for volunteers to help shoot at the vampires and take up the spears, Hiram made sure the volunteers were chosen by him. Mark gave the impression that was what he wanted Hiram to do. I guess thats how the military gets volunteers.
Of course, they didnt give me a spear but to my surprise, Mark handed me a Taser. It was one of those used by police officers. It was reloadable and Mark gave me three reloads. Mark told me he didnt know what a Taser would do to a vampire but even if it immobilized one for a few seconds, that could be enough for one of the men with spears or bayonets to get a vampire through the heart or eye. Maybe Mark and Hiram werent such irredeemable chauvinists after all. 

Chapter 27: Mark Jones, October 9th to 10th, Year 1
I love watching documentaries. I learned from a documentary that in the old West, mountain men would say, He had seen the bear if a man had fought a grizzly bear alone and survived. Over time, the meaning of this expression changed to mean a man who has been in combat or in a life-threatening position and been changed by it. As soon as I met Hiram Rockwell, I knew he had seen the bear. People who have seen the bear have a certain look. Of all the people in the ward, only Hiram and I had that look.
If you saw Hiram Rockwell in the distance, when he wasnt next to anyone you knew as a reference point, you would think he was a short, stocky muscular man. It wasnt until you got closer to him that youd realize how big he was. He was at least six-footfour-inches tall, but he was so wide he looked stocky. He was a massive man, but that wasnt why he got my respect.
Do you know the secret of how dangerous men live a long time? They go out of their way not to fuck with other dangerous men. I knew immediately when I met Hiram that he wouldnt compromise, stop, or falter if he thought he was on the side of the right. The best word for men like Hiram is righteous. He was absolutely convinced he was fighting for something that was greater than him. In combat, the best fighters are able to commit totally to their attacks or defense. If you start wondering what will happen if you fuck up, you will fuck up.
Performance anxiety is bad enough when you are playing sports. If you get performance anxiety in combat, you dont live very long. Ive got good reflexes and Im fast, but there are a lot of guys who are as quick who arent as good as me. What makes me a better fighter than most is that Im unusually confident. I commit fully to any action I take; I dont worry about messing up, failing or getting hurt. I just get the job done. Guys like Hiram, who really, truly believe God is on their side, dont have confidence; they have absolute certainty. I knew his ability to commit to an action was one notch better than mine.
He was obviously trained, massively strong, probably coordinated and filled with much more than his fair share of the wrath of a judgmental God. He was on a short list of men I didnt want to fuck with. It was good to have him on my side.
Hirams haircut and his habit of calling me sir made it easy to figure out he was ex-militaryI figured a non-commissioned officer. Hiram knew the people in the ward; I didnt. I followed his guidance in choosing who should get weapons. I had one last trick up my sleeve. The two cops I had seen in my surveillance video mowing down zombies hadnt made it. A couple miles out from my house, I had found their vehicle. It was flipped over. The presence of bloody shoes and scraps of uniform proved they hadnt survived. In the trunk of their vehicle I found a police-issue Taser X26 which could be used to shoot a vampire that was up to 30 feet away. I wanted to see what the Taser did to a vampire. When I asked Hiram who should get the Taser, he suggested Helen. I had no idea Hiram had this much respect for her. She was clearly clueless about how he felt about her. I could tell she didnt have much respect for him. She acted like he was a Neanderthal; to be fair to her, he was, and thats why I respected him. We needed more Neanderthals and fewer highly-evolved men that were useless in a fight.
Id figured Helen was one of those brittle overeducated woman who delighted in causing emotional damage but would become aghast if anything ever got physical. She looked like she would be top of the heap in academic and corporate warfare, where reputations or money were at stake, but completely useless in real life-and-death battle. If a guy like Hiram respected her, she had more going on than Id initially thought. I gave her the Taser. She was clearly surprised by this.
By midnight, most of the ward members were exhausted. Almost everyone went to sleep. Just a few of us stayed awakeHiram, Frank, and me. We took turns looking through the thermal camera. Hiram isnt much of a talker and Frank says even less, so not much was being said. A little after 1 a.m., it was my turn on the camera. Oh shit! I saw a hot spot on the roof. I told Hiram and Frank to get everyone up and ready. By the time all the civilians were along the walls and all six of my shootersJim, Frank, Ryan, Hiram, and two of his menwere in the center of the room spread out around me in a circle about twelve-feet wide, I had six hot spots on the roof. When humans are seen on a thermal camera, the hottest spots tend to be the head and the groin. Vampires were the same way.
I put my laser pointer on the spot where a vamps head was. All six of the shooters shot at the same spot. Vampire bones are as hard as steel. The weakest round we had, the 5.56 x 45 mm NATO military cartridge, which was being shot by Hiram and the two other ward members, could still blow through both sides of a military helmet. Hopefully, vampire skulls werent stronger than military helmets. Jim was using a .300 Winchester Magnum round that could easily shoot through an inch of plate steel, and Frank and Ryan were shooting rounds that were larger and more powerful than Jims. Based on what I could see with the thermal camera, we were able to take four vampires down while they were still on the roof. To get through the roof, the vamps had to stay in one spot. The time it took for them to break through the roof was enough for us to take them down. Jim, Frank, and Ryan all had magazines that held just three cartridges. With one already in the chamber they got four shots off. After the first four vampires were down, they stopped firing to reload.
Only Hiram and his two ward shooters were able to shoot when I targeted the last two vampires. The two vampires broke through the gym roof and dropped in among us. The shooters had been told that if the vamps got to the gym floor, they had to stop firing. There were too many civilians spread throughout the gym to risk additional gunfire. All the shooters were good men. They stopped shooting; no one was panicking. We had to take out the vampires using hand-to-hand. The vamps were so fast. You could barely see them. Within seconds the vamps destroyed all our halogen lamps. Then they started attacking everyone who was holding a flashlight. Men trying to pierce the vamps with bayonets or spears were being thrown twenty to thirty feet across the room. It was completely chaotic, with flashlights flickering, people screaming, vampires jumping, and human bodies being thrown.
As people and flashlights were taken down, it got less confusing. It was awesome; Helen Hansen nailed a vamp in the back with her Taser just as it was about to attack Hiram. The vamp froze in place as the electrical current went through it. I watched Hiram as he stabbed the vamp in front of him and pushed the spear in. He was so strong that you could see the spear head go all the way up through its chest and into its throat. Hiram pushed on the spear with such force that he lifted the vamp off the ground. The remaining vamp saw Hiram take out the other vamp and headed toward him. There was no way Hiram was going to be able to pull his spear out in time.
I could see Helen frantically trying to reload her Taser but shed never done this before and was fumbling. Other than carefully setting the thermal camera down on the ground a couple feet away from me, I hadnt moved since the vampires had landed among us. If you dont know what to do, dont do anything. It was time to do something. I turned on my tactical light. This is the other thing I had salvaged from the cop car. A tactical light is an extremely strong flashlight. You can use it as a normal flashlight, or you can flash a beam that is powerful enough to blind someone temporarily. The tactical light had been mounted on a shotgun that was in the trunk with the Taser. I had no use for the shotgun but I took the light. I pointed it toward the vamp and flashed it on high while I closed my eyes and turned my head away. I didnt want to ruin my night sight. I then turned the light on its regular flashlight setting and carefully set it on the ground, the light pointing toward the vamp.

Chapter 28: Hiram Rockwell, October 10th, Year 1
When the Director said there were vampires on the roof, we woke everyone up. I personally woke up Helen. I told her the coming battle was going to get chaotic and if she tried to pay attention to everything, she would get overwhelmed. I told her it took six firefights before I had stopped getting confused, so it had nothing to do with her; everyone went through this. I told her to just focus on me. Sooner or later, a vamp was going to charge me. It was her job to nail it with the Taser from behind. To do this right, she had to ignore everything elsenoise, screams, movement, everythingand just focus on me. She nodded her agreement. I told her to stand with her back against the wall and stay completely still, no matter what, until she was ready to use her Taser. Predators see movement. If she was still, she would be invisible. I asked her for her flashlight. I didnt want her to attract a vampire because of a light.
I then went into position as a shooter in the center of the gym. When the Director lit up the roof with his laser pointer, all of us shot at his laser mark. The first four shots went off without a hitch, but on the next two, the only ones shooting were me and the other guys with AR-15s. Oh yeah, its been so long since I shot a civilian rifle I forgot they dont come with larger-capacity military-style magazines; God damn gun laws. I saw two vamps break through the roof and land among us. I dropped my rifle and picked up my spear. I walked over to the wall about ten feet away from Helen. I made sure I had eye contact with her.
Using my peripheral vision, I kept an eye on what was happening. Ive been in the military for eight years and have been in too many firefights to count. I told Helen the truth. The first six firefights I had been in, Id been confused but you get used to it. I could see the vamps were first targeting lights. When they took out a person, it was because that person attacked the vamp. Civilians that just tried to run or stood still were being knocked unconscious or disabled in a nonlethal way, with a broken arm or leg. Guess the vamps didnt want to waste food. If I hadnt had years of combat experience, I probably would have tried to save everyone, and instead would have died uselessly, saving no one. I was going to intervene when I knew I could make a difference. In combat you dont get extra credit for good intentions or effort.
I waited until most of the lights were destroyed. I needed to make sure I could predict what the vampire would do. I needed it to be focused on my lights and not others. I made sure to keep eye contact with Helen. She saw me nod, and she nodded back. I grasped two flashlights in my right hand and held them toward Helen, as far away as possible from my body. I turned them on. A vamp saw the lights and headed toward the flashlights. I could tell the vamp was really sensitive to the lights and had difficulty looking at them. It was partially blinded and was almost to the wall before it realized I was the one holding the flashlights and it turned toward me. Helen nailed it from behind with her Taser. I dropped the lights and held on to my spear with two hands. I crouched down until my knuckles almost touched the floor, then I rose up, throwing my entire body behind the spear as I thrust it up at an angle into a point about two inches below the vamps belly button. In hand-to-hand combat, you always aim at a point through your target. I visualized piercing the heart from below, going all the way through the heart, up its throat into its brain. There was surprisingly little resistance against my spear head. It was like it was designed to cut through vampire flesh. The vamp was a shish kabob on my spear.
I heard Mark call my name. It was quiet enough now to hear him. I turned and saw the final vamp head toward me. I didnt have time to pull out my spear. I saw Mark lift up a tactical light. I turned my head away. Even with my head turned away and my eyes closed, I could see the blast of light. I heard the vampire scream. Oh yeah, that hurt. I turned toward the Director, still holding on to my spear. I rested the vamps head on the ground in front of me. I raised my left foot onto its crotch and pulled out the spear in one move, pushing down on my foot and pulling back with my right arm. It had taken my entire life to find a Fed I could trust to have my back. Even if the guy dressed like that Hollywood Actor, George Dooney, or was that Cooley, whatever, I wasnt going to let a vamp take him out.
I looked up at Mark. The vamp reached him. It was over. 

Chapter 29: Mark Jones, October 10th, Year 1
As soon as I set the tactical light on the floor, I saw the vamp jump toward it. The vamps only concern was to smash the light. Vampires can easily jump thirty feet. They almost look like they are flying. It intended to land on the light like a cat on all fours. It wasnt paying any attention to me; it was totally focused on the light.
When the vamp landed I was stationed like an executioner at its side. I brought Watanabes sword down, using two hands. I timed the blow so that it struck at exactly the same time its hands and feet had touched the ground. Theres only one place on a vampires neck where its vulnerable to a sword blade. The medical term for this place is the occipitoatlantal joint. This is where the skull connects to the spine. The base of the skull is flat. There are no interlocking joints between the base of the skull and the first neck bone. The only thing holding these bones together are ligaments. Everywhere else, each neck bone or vertebra has interlocking joints, called facet joints, connecting one bone to another. These joints would have made it impossible for me to cut through the spine.
I swung. For a split second, it looked like I had missed. Then the vamps head fell to the ground and its body collapsed. Jets of arterial blood spurted twenty to thirty feet in a fan in front of the body as it fell and then stopped.
I walked over to the vampire and kicked its body over. Cool; the tactical light was still ok. I used my sword to cut through the left third and fourth ribs. I popped the ribs out and pulled out the vampires heart. I looked up and saw Hiram watching me. I waved at my vamps body and he went to the one hed killed and did the same thing.
I looked for my shooters. I saw Jim and Frank leaning over Ryan. I walked over. Ryans neck had been slashed through, almost to the bone. Jim was hurt; he had a slash on his abdomen but he was able to stand up on his own and walk. His shirt and the front of pants were completely soaked with blood. I took a look under his shirt. The vamps claws had made it all the way through his abdominal wall. I put my face up to his wound and smelled. I couldnt smell any shit. If his intestines had been cut into, I would have been able to smell some. Jim had a fairly minor wound. After he got some stitches, he would probably be ok in a few months. If his intestines had gotten nicked, he probably would have died. You need a full-service hospital with a working surgical room and IV antibiotics if your intestines are cut.
I had Frank help me get Jim down on the floor, and told Frank I needed him to get his rifle to make sure all the vamps on the roof stayed down. Frank had a Winchester 70 bolt-action rifle shooting a .458 Magnum round. This gun was designed to kill elephants. Any vampire hit by this round most likely had a six-inch diameter hole in it. I got my thermal camera out and used my laser pointer to light up the vampires again. Their bodies were starting to cool but they could still be seen on the camera. This time, with their bodies staying still, I could see where the vampires were being hit. I had Frank put an extra round in each vampires head and heart.

Chapter 30: Helen Hansen, October 10th, Year 1
With all the lights out and most of the flashlights destroyed, it took a while to check out all the dead and wounded. None of the small children had been touched. A couple of the women had broken arms and legs. Only one woman was dead, Stacy Bingham. It didnt look like she had been struck by a vampire. She had fallen somehow and hit her head with enough force to fracture her skull. She probably died instantly. Her death was just bad luck which made it even more tragic because it was so meaningless. Ive only known Stacy for a few months, but for the past month she was my only friend. She had saved my life. There were things I wanted to say to her. I thought I would have enough time. I missed her. I couldnt fool myself any longer that Cecilia in her co-op was still alive. She and my other friends with her had been preparing a fantasy land. None of them had any survival skills. None of them had ever fired a gun, started a fire, or spent any time in an area where there werent flush toilets, showers, and electrical power. Before September 11th, Id never lost anyone I was close to. In just months, I had lost two best friends.
Art and his kids were understandably devastated. Unfortunately, Art could not grieve in peace. Half the men in our ward house were either seriously injured or dead. We had started out the night with 405 people. Now, thirty-four men and one woman were dead. Three women had broken arms. Eighteen men had fractured arms or legs. Arts son Peter had a broken arm. Jim and two others had fairly minor abdominal wounds that spared their intestines. Ten men had multiple severe wounds and spinal injuries. While we were trying to get organized, seven of these men died, bringing the total number of dead to 41. Art was our only doctor. He forced himself to look after the injured. He splinted fractures and stitched up wounds. He gave enough morphine to the three severely injured men to allow them to sleep.
While the wounded were being taken care of, Mark, Frank, Hiram, and a couple other men climbed on our roof and brought down four vampire bodies. I heard Hiram say to Mark that it looked like the AR-15 rounds had been completely useless. Only the heavier, stronger rounds from the hunting rifles seemed effective. Mark was clearly a planner. He had brought replacement light bulbs for the halogen lamps the vampires had taken out. Most of the lamps just needed new bulbs. When the halogen lamps were turned on, the vampires flesh evaporated until just the skeletons were left.
Mark gave another speech. There were no jokes or references to the Constitution this time. He spoke simply, in a quiet voice. He told us someone or something was responsible for the zombies and vampires. He pointed out most of the women and children had been spared, while the men had been preferentially killed. This was what farmers and ranchers do to domesticated livestockkeep the number of males limited while taking care of breeding females and young. He promised us we would find those responsible and we would teach them we were not food. He told us the ward members who had died tonight had not died in vain; they had died to teach us how to defend ourselves. The next time we battled vampires we would have more rifles and trained men.
He promised us we would be safe. He told us from this day on, we were no longer separate individuals; we were a community united in one cause. There were no longer any divisions of religion, class, or race. We were all Americans. We had a duty to all those who had died to make sure whoever was responsible for this travesty would not succeed. We would not let this stand. There were no cheers or applause after this speech. We stood in silence around him. I had tears in my eyes, and I wasnt the only one.
When Mark had killed the last vampire, he had been holding the only working light left in the gym. That light had acted like a spotlight in the dark. We had all seen him kill the last vampire. That vampire that had probably killed twenty of our people in less than five minutes had been put down by this man with one blow. Mark had not gotten into a fight with it; he had executed it. The vampire hadnt had a chance. Mark Jones wasnt the same man hed been just a few hours ago. He looked tired. His suit was no longer immaculate; it was splattered with blood. Until the vampire attack, he had been just a voice on a telephone, and then a modern-day pied piper who led zombies from our enclosure and gave a great patriotic speech. Hed been exciting and entertaining but had never seemed quite real. Hed looked like and acted like a character in a movie. We all knew him now. He would keep his promises. He would keep us safe. He would give us vengeance. I needed vengeance.

Chapter 31: Jim Wright, October 10th to November 1st, Year 1
I lucked out. If the vamp had clawed me half an inch deeper, I would have died in a haze of morphine, like the poor bastard George Parker. Without a modern hospital with an operating room and an ICU, he had no chance of living. I heard Dr. Bingham talking to Georges wife. He gave her the choice of letting him die slowly in agony over a few weeks while the infection in his guts slowly ate him alive, or keeping George sedated to the point of comfort, which would probably cause him to die from an overdose in a matter of days. It was a pretty easy choice.
I needed 23 stitches to put my belly back together. Its been about three weeks since the vampire attack and its better. It still hurt like hell but now I dont feel like Im going to pass out every time I sit up or cough.
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result every time. Insanity is what I do. I went on a mission when I was 19. Mormons call young missionaries elders; I know it doesnt make sense to call 19-year-old men elders, but thats what Mormons do. Missions last for two years. While on missions, elders live like Roman Catholic priests. We are totally celibate; this includes masturbation. Mormons arent like old-time Catholics. We dont believe touching ourselves leads to blindness or hair growth on our palms; we just believe that its important to be entirely focused on God while on a mission. I can imagine that some missionaries masturbate. Its not like there are cameras on us or anybody watching. Its an honor thing but most missionaries probably dont. I didnt. You dont volunteer to spend two years knocking on strangers doors and getting abused because you dont believe in God or the importance of what you are doing.
You know why Mormons get married so young? What would you do if you hadnt touched yourself for two years and the only way to have sex was to get married?
So a year after I got back from my mission, I married Simone because I was horny. She was a really great girl and a wonderful friend. We had no chemistry at all. Sex with her sucked but I didnt learn that until after we were married. You cant logically figure out who youre compatible with sexually until you try it. We could hang out all day, have good conversations, and share a lot in common, but neither one of us could understand what the big deal was with sex. To be blunt, masturbation was better for both of us. Except for the sex part, marriage wasnt bad. I was really comfortable with Simone.
If wed been able to have kids, or if I didnt stop going to church, wed probably still be married. But Simone never got pregnant, even after a couple of really expensive fertility treatments. When I was younger I really believed in God and Church. I dont know what happened. It wasnt like I felt I was being mistreated or I suddenly came to the conclusion that the churchs teachings were wrong. I just lost interest.
A Mormon who is actively living by the tenets of his or her faith had a temple recommend. This means you can go into a Mormon temple. You can be LDS, but if you dont have a temple recommend, you cant go into a temple. Part of requirements of having a temple recommend is tithing ten percent of your income to the church. Its one thing to tithe when you believe, and another when you dont. My lack of interest in staying in the church and tithing was the last straw for my wife. Since my divorce, Ive been moving from one bad relationship to another. I have a bad habit of not ever making the first move with women. The last three women I hooked up with had come on to me first. I dont know why but the women who hit on me are usually in relationships. They basically just use me as a booty call. The only good thing about these relationships is the sex has been great.
Im a pretty smart guy. Im a really good programmer. I understand guys. Women are a complete mystery to me. I have absolutely no idea why they do what they do. I dont know why they are attracted to me; Im always surprised when one comes on to me. I dont know why my relationships fail. The only woman I ever understood was my ex-wife but she and I had absolutely no chemistry. Back before I knew how good sex could be, I was ok with my marriage. I know now that Im better off single. For me, being in a relationship is a lot like driving blind. I know its going to end badly. I just dont know when.
My troubles started the night of the vampire attack. Two vampires had broken into the gym. Cheryl, Art Binghams daughter, had made quite an impression on me. So when I saw a vampire head in her direction, I did something stupid. If I had taken the time to think, I probably would not have done it. I stepped in front of her and tried to hit the vamp with the butt of my rifle. I got clawed in the belly for my troubles. Cheryl saw this and now she thinks I saved her life. I didnt even feel the wound until all the vamps were dead. I just stood in front of Cheryl, waving my useless empty rifle, asking to be killed. If Mark and Hiram hadnt lured the two vampires to them with their lights, I would have died. On my best day I couldnt have done what those guys did. Give me my .300-Win Mag and a half-mile and Ill take on as many vampires as you want, but there is no way I will ever willingly get into arms distance with one ever again.
After the vamps were killed, Cheryl saw her mom was down and she ran over to her. I saw Ryan had his throat ripped out, and I was walking over to his body when I felt the most horrendous pain I have ever felt in my life. The next thing I remember was waking up with stitches in my belly. Cheryl was at my bedside. She was still grieving for her mother, but she wanted to thank the guy whod saved her life.
Cheryl thinks Im this incredibly heroic guy that put his body willingly, as opposed to stupidly, in front of her and, to boot, kept standing there to defend her, even with a gut wound. After the EMP, all normal ways to waste time were gone. There were no more TVs, computers, or game consoles. Ive never been much of a reader. I had a beautiful girl wanting to spend time with me, so I spent time with her.
Im eleven years older than Cheryl. When I got married she was ten years old. I thought she was just being nice to an old man. Im too old for her. I was just enjoying the view. Next thing I know, shes kissing me. What does a guy do when a beautiful blond kisses him and calls him a hero? I kissed back. Here I am again in a relationship with a Mormon girl, but this time shes eleven years younger than me and even more religious than my ex-wife.
I have no idea where its going to go between Cheryl and me. I know it sounds strange, but Im almost glad I have this belly wound. I havent been able to physically handle anything but a few kisses. Ive been spending almost all my free time talking to her. I was hoping familiarity would breed contempt and either she or I would lose interest. I hadnt realized how much fun it would be to spend time with her. You would think that with her mothers death, she would be down and depressed. She was grieving; she had loved her mother but she refused to stop living because of her grief. She is totally opposite from me in every way. Im analytical, even-keeled, and quiet. She is spontaneous, moody, and infectiously funny. Im thinking Im starting to fall for her. Man, I cant believe Im starting this ride again. I dont do well when Im in love because I have really bad judgment and Im a stupid, stupid man.
A lot has happened since the vampire attacks. We had to clear out new zombies that had been attracted by gunshots. We had fewer able-bodied men but there were also fewer zombies. Things were tense at night at first, but after a week of no attacks it got easier for everyone to sleep.
Mark made it clear to all of us that if we were going to survive; we had to take care of the following things:
1. Security/shelter
2. Water supply
3. Food supply
4. Heat/power
All these things were essential and all of them had to be done at once. Mark really surprised me. I thought he would turn himself into a dictator. He easily could have. He was the only guy who had a plan and he had saved everyone. People wanted him to be a dictator; it was easier than having to think on their own. He convinced everyone it was essential to have leadership and a chain-of-command to run things. As an unelected representative of the Federal Government, he said his powers were, and should be, limited.
At Marks insistence, we held elections on October 18th for the positions of mayor, four city councilmen, and a judge. The mayors job would be full time. The positions of counselors and judge, at least at first, would be part-time positions. The mayor would have a term of four years and all the rest would be two-year terms. We only had 400 people. It seemed to me and to a lot of other folks that it was a lot of government positions for not a lot of citizens, but Mark told us that in the very near future we would have thousands of citizens and it would be best to have the government up and running as soon as possible. Well, he had been right about everything else, so we went along. He suggested Art Bingham for mayor, and John Black, Helen Hanson, Sam Tucker, and Hank Miller for counselors. He recommended Lee Singer for judge. It wasnt lost on me that John and Helen werent Mormon and all the rest were. Mark was making sure there were both Mormons and non-Mormons in leadership positions.
Mark could do no wrong. No one ran against any of his picks; they won in a land-slide. In an extremely choreographed way after the elections, Art Bingham, the new mayor, announced that Director Jones would continue to work as the Federal Director of Emergency Services, but he would also have a local position as the director of our militia. The militia position was an appointed one and at any time the Mayor of Salt Lake City could dismiss Director Jones from this position.
Mark told everyone that as the only representative of the Federal Government, he had the power to print money and collect taxes. At first I thought he had gone crazy but it didnt take long to figure out why he had done this. Since the 11th, cash, gold, and jewelry had become useless because there was so much available everywhere. All you had to do was to kill female zombies of a certain age to get as many diamond and gold rings as you wanted. You could walk into any store and break open the cash register and get as much cash as you wanted. So many people had died there was an over abundance of things. The only thing of value now was labor. We needed people to go out in zombie- and vampire-infested neighborhoods to forage for useful items. We needed crews to build the infrastructure to supply reliable water and power. In a perfect world, everyone would work for the greater good without need for a specific reward, but we didnt live in a perfect world. Every attempt in history to make Communism work has failed. When the LDS Church was formed, they tried communism. It was called the United Order. Everyone who joined the church gave all their possessions to the church and then was supposed to share things equally; it didnt work. In Israel following WWII, they tried kibbutzim, where everything was shared in common; the kibbutzim now allow private property. People need to be motivated to work and the most effective motivation is money.
Mark solved the problem of not having a viable currency by taking a permanent ink pen and signing his name on paper money. As soon as his name was on the bill, it was legal tender. He put up a chalk board in the main gymnasium and listed everything that needed to be done, and asked people to give proposals and bids for these jobs to Mayor Bingham. High on the list of jobs that needed doing was getting running water and power back up again. Next was getting groups of foragers to go out and gather useful supplies, and last in importance was reinforcing houses so people could go back to living on their own again. A 10% sales tax was instituted to raise revenue for the local government and a 10% income tax was instituted to raise revenue for the Federal.
The militia basically became the foraging group for the entire community. Hiram was promoted to Command Sergeant Major, the highest ranking non-commissioned officer of the militia. The task was too dangerous for most people to be willing to do this for a private company. As always, when a job is too hard or difficult for a private company to step in, the government filled the gaps. If I hadnt been wounded, Im sure I would have been forced by peer pressure to be in the militia. Yeah, it was a volunteer force, but when every single person you know looks at you a certain way if you dont join, you join. Im too good of a shot with a rifle to be allowed to sit on the sidelines.
Ive been fascinated by rifles all my life. Ive loaded my own bullets for as long as I can remember. Ive been doing some simple gunsmithing on my rifles for years. It wasnt until a couple of years ago that I started concentrating on air rifles. Air rifles work great but we didnt have enough of them around to arm everyone. Regular rifles are the best way to take out zombies and vampires, but the noise of gun-fire attracted too many zombies. With a silencer, the noise would no longer be an issue. I wasnt fit to go out and kill zombies but I could make silencers.
I approached Mark with my idea and he instructed me to actually start a business to make silenced rifles. First, I had to come up with a bid and a proposal for my company that would be accepted by Art, and then I had to get a loan from Mark. I had a metal drill press and a metal lathe at my house that I hadnt used for a couple of years. The EMP had blown out the breakers. Helen Hansen was able to figure out a way to get them up and running again; she re-wired them and put in homemade breakers. For now, computer-assisted design was completely out of the question but basic tools like drill presses, lathes, and welding tools could be made to work again. My shop was set up in the ward house. Sam Tucker, one of the new counselors, had owned a machine shop that made one-of-a-kind metal objects for other companies. He hadnt worked on guns before, but had thirty years experience in making metal prototypes. I offered him a job. He told me he wanted to be a full partner. I agreed. With my knowledge of guns and his knowledge of metal working, the two of us made one competent gunsmith.
Its not that difficult to make a silencer. The correct term for a silencer is a suppressor since it doesnt actually silence the bullet but instead decreases or suppresses the sound. A suppressor on a rifle works in much the same way a muffler on a car works.
My companyi.e., Sam and Istarted making suppressors for AR-15s. The stock AR-15 weighs about six lbs. Our suppressors were huge. We had to make them big to get enough sound suppression. Look at the difference between a motorcycle and a car muffler and youll see why size matters. A round fired from our suppressed rifles still made noise but didnt bring zombies from miles around.
We ended up with suppressors that weighed 3 pounds and were 18 inches long; this made the AR-15 difficult to hold and use because of the increased weight on the end of the barrel and the extra length. We solved this problem by converting the AR-15s to a bullpup design. One of the first places to be foraged by the militia was a gun shop four miles north and slightly west of us. They were able to get me a bullpup AR-15 rifle to use as a prototype. A bullpup design gets rid of the buttstock of a rifle while keeping the barrel and receiver the same length. By getting rid of the stock and moving the trigger assembly further up, we improved the balance and decreased the length of the rifle with the suppressor on. We made it possible to attach a bayonet to the suppressor. All the modified rifles used a low-power optical scope which was mounted high enough that the suppressor didnt affect the sight picture.
After Sam and I made one prototype rifle and suppressor and made sure it worked, we built fourteen more in an assembly-style method by making fourteen of each part at a time and then assembling them all at once. On November 1st, I was able to give Mark fifteen suppressed AR-15 bullpup rifles. By then we had an assembly line set up so we could produce twenty new rifles and suppressors a week.
I was smart enough not to hire Cheryl to work with me and tried to escape her as much as possible by working, but its difficult to avoid someone who makes you happy. I had always known what Simone was going to do. I even knew she wanted a divorce a couple of weeks before she brought it up. It was the opposite with Cheryl. I never knew what she was going to say or do. When I was with Cheryl, I almost forgot I had a belly wound, that we had no privacy, and the world as we knew it had been destroyed.
Finally, I told her the truth. I explained to her that I was at best an accidental hero. I had no idea what I was doing when I stood in front of her. I told her I didnt even feel the pain of my wound until after the vampires were all dead. I thought by explaining to her I wasnt a hero, she would lose interest in me. I thought by explaining to her we were totally incompatible and it couldnt work out between us, she would be convinced to look at guys her own age. This backfired on me. Once again she did something that completely surprised me. Turns out shes not used to men who try to discourage her. Im now intriguing. Im really bad at saying no to a woman Im attracted to. Im in deep shit.

Chapter 32: Hiram Rockwell, October 10th to November 18th, Year 1
The last two months had been incredibly busy. A few days after the vampire attack, we went outside the compound to replenish supplies and search for people holed up in their homes needing rescue. There were roving bands of zombies everywhere. The best way to kill zombies was to take them out at a distance but we couldnt use regular guns because gunfire would attract zombies from miles around. We only had three air rifles that could take out zombies quietly.
I asked Frank Burns if there was a store in town where we could scavenge more air rifles. He answered that pre-charged air rifles were expensive toys that didnt sell well in the US. In Europe, its almost impossible for a civilian to buy a firearm, so theyre popular there. You could buy three good .22 LR rifles for the same price as a pre-charged air rifle. A .22 rifle could be used against the same kind of game, required a lot less upkeep, and was more reliable. He and his friends had to special order their air guns. He didnt think there was a store in Utah that had them in stock.
My next question was whether we could modify a typical pellet gun or a paint ball gun to take out zombies. He replied these kinds of hobby guns produced at most 400 foot pounds of energy. A minimum of a 1000 foot pounds was necessary to penetrate a zombies skull. A regular pellet gun could be modified to shoot with more force but it would probably take a lot of workmore work than it would take to make a suppressor for a regular rifle.
We managed to work out a patrolling system. We were often attacked by up to fifty zombies, sometimes as many as a hundred. Frank Burns was our best shot. As soon as we were in shooting distance of a zombie mob, he used his air rifle to take out the first twenty-five zombies until the pressure canister of his rifle went out. He then switched to a new fully-pressurized air rifle and acted as backup in case we got overwhelmed by too many zombies while another man used a hand pump to re-pressurize the empty rifle. The third air rifle was kept at the ward to help keep the area around our settlement clear.
Director Jones, armored in a helmet and leather jacket, attacked while Frank shot. He ran in the midst of the zombies, chopping off legs with his sword, trusting to his speed and Frank to make sure he never got caught or overwhelmed by zombies. As soon as the newly crippled zombies were on the ground, the rest of us smashed in their heads. This system was dangerous. It was entirely dependent on Frank and the Director not making any mistakes. There were multiple times when Frank had to shoot a zombie, or even multiple zombies who were just inches away from the Director. Most men would not have been able to handle the constant danger; they would have broken down psychologically. The Director wasnt stressed; he looked like he was having fun. Ive met adrenalin junkies before. In combat, their life expectancies are usually short; they take too many chances. The Director was a walking mass of contradictions. He was a Federal administrator who was competent. He was a politician who turned down power. He was an adrenaline junkie who only took necessary chances.
We needed supplies. We needed to rescue as many people as possible before their food and water ran out. We needed to clear out the zombies as fast as possible and, for now, we needed him to take point and risk his life. I was more stressed about the Directors life and safety than he was. If he died, his problems were over. The rest of us were fucked.
Mark Jones had the speed, reflexes and coordination of a professional athlete. His lack of fear made him less likely to make a mistake but if he ever mistimed a blow or his sword got stuck, or if Frank missed, it wouldnt have taken much to get a cluster-fuck. Frank, and to a lesser extent Jim Wright, were sharpshooters; they were as good as any military snipers I have ever seen. Im a good shot but Im no way close to their level.
I volunteered to take point with a sword. The Director showed me it was a lot harder than it looked to cut through a thigh with one blow. He had me try to cut through some dead zombies we hung up in an upright position. I know Im stronger than the Director. But one time out of five, I couldnt cut through a thigh. There was a trick to it and I dont have it perfected. The entire militia tried it but no one besides the Director could do it every time. I got frustrated until it dawned on me that there were other ways to take out a zombies leg. I got a ten-pound sledge hammer and lengthened the handle by two feet so I could hit a zombie from far enough out of the way it couldnt grab me. I was able to snap a zombies knee with one strike of the hammer every time. Once I got my hammer, I was also able to take point, which gave the director an occasional break. The Director knew if he was able to take breaks, he would be less likely to make mistakes. I wouldnt say he was grateful to have someone share point with him, but he didnt protest, and he made it clear he thought it was a good idea.
The first priority was to get more ammo and then to get suppressors so we could fire our AR-15s without drawing too many zombies. We knew if we kept going hand-to-hand with the zombies, eventually someone would make a fatal mistake.
Because of the vampire threat, no one went out except in bright daylight. If it was an overcast day we didnt go out. The thermal camera was in constant use day and night. The camera was a priceless irreplaceable object. Every other thermal camera in existence had been destroyed by the EMP. The duct-tape-and-styrofoam protective case that the Director had built was replaced with a custom-made stainless steel, covered with foam padding case that could help the camera survive being dropped to the ground, and maybe one swipe from a vampire. We used the camera to make sure a vampire wasnt holed up in any building before we entered it.
While we were out foraging for supplies, other ward members, under the direction of Sara and Lisa Beiger, reinforced the walls and roof of the ward house. We needed the ward house to be vampire proof. All of the men and women who were competent shots were given rifles powerful enough to take out a vampire. We had over a hundred rifles in the ward. Vampires were rare, or they were wary of our ward, because we werent attacked again. By mid-November our comfort level had improved to the point that we started turning the lights off at night.
Frank Burns wanted to help Jim build suppressors, but we needed him out with us. He was our best shot. Whenever one of us looked like we were in trouble, he was there. At first it was nerve-wracking to know Frank was shooting a zombie a couple of feet from us, but the man never missed. Regardless of how good the Director and Frank were men should have died. Given enough time, everyone eventually makes a mistake. It was Gods will no one did.
It took a couple of weeks for Jim Wrights company to build fifteen suppressed rifles. The suppressors made our original AR-15s so unwieldy he had to also modify the rifles. He explained to us that he could have built suppressors that were almost completely silent which would wear out after a few hundred rounds, or suppressors that werent as effective which wouldnt wear out. Most likely there were hundreds of thousands of zombies that still needed to be cleared from the greater Salt Lake area. He built suppressors that wouldnt wear out.
Christmas came early on November 1st when we got the first set of suppressed rifles. Bullets werent a problem. There was an overrun ward in every neighborhood in Salt Lake City. There were approximately thirty-thousand rounds stored in almost all of these wards. These wards were full of easily transportable fuel, water and food along with ammunition.
Once we got our suppressed rifles, we didnt need as many men on active duty. The militia got split into two groups: active duty and reserves. Every able-bodied man who could hold a rifle was a member of the reserves and had to train for at least two hours, twice a week. Active duty was for the elite. You first had to volunteer and then you had to be accepted; most volunteers were not accepted.
I dont know how it came about, but we stopped using the name militia to describe the active-duty men after we got our rifles. It was fine with me because in the past, I always associated the term militia with amateurs; the reserves were still called the militia. Everyone called us Salt Lake Troopers, or SaLTs for short. It was great being a SaLT. There was no bullshit about supporting the troops; everyone knew they needed us to stay alive. We were volunteering every day to be in harms way. They treated us like heroes and it didnt hurt that we were being paid well. There was so much to be done; every job was important but some jobs, like foraging in an area that had already been cleared of zombies, could be done by anyone. Heading out into unknown, uncleared areas was one of the most dangerous and highly-skilled jobs around and we were paid accordingly.
One of the first places we foraged was a gun shop at 160 East and 200 South. This was four miles north and slightly west of us. The shop was just a couple blocks away from the Temple. We were too close not to see what had happened. The Temple and the surrounding buildings had been completely overrun. The only things we found were zombies, blood stains, and some scraps of clothing from the people who had been eaten. We cleared out the Temple as best we could, then closed it up and weather-proofed it. We knew we would be back.
The Director wanted to save as many people as possible. We knew from experience water ran out fast. When we got the guns, our first mission was to get to as many wards as possible. The wards had the greatest chance of holding people. If people werent present, the wards had necessary and easily transportable supplies. Prior to the EMP, Helen Hansen had been in radio contact with just six wards out of the hundreds that had been within radio distance of us. There were four wards in Murray and Draper, towns a few miles south of us. One ward was in Provo, 40 miles south of us and another in Logan, 80 miles north of us. Art Binghams daughter and son-in-law were at the Provo ward.
The Director decided we should go south first. The Riverside 2nd and 7th wards shared a meetinghouse at 464 W. Germania Street in Murray, Utah which was 6.5 miles south of us. Their meetinghouse was the closest one to us where we knew people had survived the zombie outbreak. We had lost radio contact with them after the EMP. We knew there had to be survivors because we could occasionally hear gunshots coming from that direction.
By November 12th, we were ready to re-establish contact with and possibly rescue the Riverside ward. We had two squads of ten men, one of which was led by me and the other by Todd Bloom, who was now a sergeant. Todd may have been 66-years-old, but other than me and the Director, no one else was able to keep up with him. He was an extremely fit guy, not just for a 66-yearold, but for a guy of any age.
It took us three hours to make our way by foot to the Riverside 2nd ward. It took time to properly clear out the zombies on our way. The ward was surrounded by about fifty-thousand zombies. We spent the next couple days clearing a path big enough to drive four armored trucks to a point a couple hundred yards away from the ward. Our armored trucks started off as full-sized diesel 1960s-era trucks, which had been minimally affected by the EMP because they basically had no electronic components. While we had been exploring, foraging, and clearing out zombies, the Beigers had been building armored vehicles for us. Sheet metal from metal dumpsters had been triple-layered with plywood between each layer and welded over every exposed surface of the vehicles, including the undersurface. All of the tires were run-flats.
The glass in the front window and two side windows had been taken out and replaced with wire fencing. When the vehicles were not being driven, metal shutters could be shut from the inside to completely seal the windows. The rear windows on the trucks were kept glass-free and opened wider so people could crawl between the cab and the rear bed. The rear bed was entirely enclosed and could carry twelve men sitting, or sleep six in tight and cramped collapsible bunk beds. The metal shutters and the walls and ceilings of the enclosed beds had small two-inch diameter holes that could be opened to look and shoot through. These were always two holes placed vertically, positioned perfectly so the optical sight of a non-suppressed barrel could be used through them. Our armored trucks had a top speed of 12 miles an hour. Loaded on top of the trucks was zombie fencing taken from overrun wards. If the four trucks were parked in a rectangle, the fencing could be anchored to the trucks, creating our own mini enclosure. When the fences were up, stabilizing legs were placed at the four corners of the trucks so zombies pulling on the fences wouldnt cause the trucks to rock back and forth.
Jim Wright and his partner made new super-quiet suppressors for us. With these suppressors the sound of a shot was about as loud as a quiet cough. We set up on a street where homes and buildings kept us out of sight of the ward. There were only a few zombies in this area. We used the new suppressors to take these zombies out. Its too bad these new suppressors wore out after 200 shots.
Once the enclosure was set up, three of us headed toward the ward shooting our rifles without any suppressors. This got the zombies attention. All of us quickly walked back to our enclosure. Every few steps we turned and fired some more rounds. By the time the three of us were back in our portable enclosure, almost all of the fifty-thousand zombies were headed our way. We locked the gate behind us and climbed on top of the trucks where the rest of the troops were.
We had set bench rests and chairs up on top of the trucks so we could be comfortable while we shot the zombies. It was exactly like shooting fish in a barrel. We shot the zombies furthest out from the fence. Each truck had five to six guys assigned to it. There were two guys at all times on top of the trucks shooting. The zombies were at most fifty feet away from the shooters. All of us were SaLTs, which meant all of us were reasonable shots and, at these distances, almost never missed. We used regular AR-15s that werent suppressed. We didnt care about the noise. We wanted to draw as many zombies toward us as we could. Eventually, if you shoot enough rounds, you need to clean the suppressors or they will stop working. There was no point in fouling our suppressors if we didnt need them.
We had 300,000 rounds with us. All of us were wearing ear protection. Each shooter shot ten rounds then switched guns. Just firing bullets doesnt place much wear on a barrel. Firing bullets out of hot barrels really wears them out. Every shooter had a loader that handed loaded guns to the shooter. The other guys cleaned the weapons every time 100 shots were fired. The shooters switched out every time they got to a 100 shots or they missed twice, whichever came first. All the guys on active duty were competitive; its almost a requirement of being a SaLT. We had a contest going on who would get the most perfect rounds in with the least amount of misses. All 100 shots had to be taken in three minutes or it counted as a miss.
The EMP had destroyed every electronic watch in existence, but every jewelry store had mechanical automatic-winding watches that were there for the taking. All of us had 100-meter water-resistant watches with stop-watch functions that, prior to the zombie attack, would have cost thousands of dollars. We were competitive, but not stupid. Frank was going to win first place; we didnt set aside any money for him, no matter how well he did. The rest of us were playing for second place.
Frank is a quiet guy and he usually doesnt talk much. He got cocky. He claimed he wouldnt miss a single zombie and started taking side bets from SaLTs who didnt believe him. There was a lot of good-humored trash-talking going on. Morale was great.
One of the younger SaLTs said this was the loudest video game hed ever played, and I could see his point. It was a real-life version of a zombie video game. Every hour, we all took a 15-minute break. We gathered around and tallied scores, made additional bets, and generally goofed around. I can be dead serious when its necessary, but what we were doing relieved stress and made something that could have been enormously tedious, fun. We knew we were shooting the remains of real peoplemothers, fathers, and childrenbut you can only grieve for so long. It was healthier to laugh.
We had killed almost half the zombies by the end of the second day. When it started getting dark, we split up and got into our armored trucks. Due to the possibility of a vampire attack once we closed up, we had to stay in the trucks until it got light again. This wasnt a big deal to most of us younger guys, but some of the older guys, particularly Todd Bloom, bitched up a storm about how he had to pee every few hours and how much of a pain it was for him to pee into a bottle in a cramped truck enclosure next to four other guys. The guys in his truck told him it wasnt a joy for them to have him pee next to them while they were trying to sleep.
Close to sundown on the third day of shooting, we were down to our last couple hundred zombies. Peter Bingham, the youngest SaLT, was in second place behind Frank Burns. The kind of firing we had been doing over the last few days was completely different than what I had done before. It required continuous concentration, with constant rapid target acquisition. I think all the years Peter spent playing video games really helped him. That asshole Frank had won every side bet hed made. In two days of constant shooting, after thousands of rounds fired, he hadnt missed once. I was number three behind a freak of nature and a 17-year-old.
I was the Command Sergeant Major. I was supposed to be an adult. The safe thing, given how close we were to sundown, was to bed down and then evacuate the ward in the morning. I told this to the Director. He smiled at me like he could read my mind.
 Sergeant Major, this is one time where doing the safe thing isnt appropriate. 
I smiled back; the Director was a good man. Three minutes later all the zombies were down. We all loaded up and walked to the Riverside Second Ward in a V formation like flying geese. Each man was responsible for watching a specific angle of our approach. Frank was on point. The Director and I were at the two back ends; we had the final responsibility for one-half of the field of view, and it was our job to make sure nothing snuck up behind us.
As we approached we could see the ward members. They were cheering and yelling. As we grew close, we could see there were only two men. All the rest were women and children. This was bad. They had a vampire problem. The gates of the ward were opened and we were mobbed. Women and children were all over us. It took almost fifteen minutes before they could be calmed down enough so we could talk to them. Only two adult men were still alive. One was the Bishop, Jerry Maple. On the night of the EMP, their ward had been attacked by multiple vampires. The vampires injured most of the men and had broken most all their rifles. They had been left with barely any weapons, other than a few knives and makeshift clubs. A vampire had been coming almost every night and taking one of the men. We had about a half-hour before the sun went down.
The Director announced we would escort all of the members of the Riverside second and seventh wards back to Sugar House tonight. We had left the thermal camera back at our ward. We were as safe out in the open as we would be in the Riverside ward. We told the ward members they couldnt take any supplies. We didnt have time to let them pack. We rushed three hundred ward members to our trucks. The youngest children were packed into the trucks and were sent at top speed back to our ward. They would be there in a little over a half-hour. The rest of us started walking quickly toward home.
The SaLTs could have run the 6.5 miles in less than an hour, but there was no way that the women and older children could have kept up. Half of us carried our suppressed rifles and the rest carried non-suppressed higher-caliber vampire-hunting rifles. As soon as the trucks got to the ward, they were to turn around and come back. We started walking. Everyone was hyper-alert. We had to worry about vampires as well as zombies. All the SaLTs were separated out in pairs: one had a rifle that could take out a vampire and the other a suppressed AR-15. We tried to keep three hundred people bunched up; it was impossible. The SaLTs were spread out so much we couldnt support each other. We had tried to clear out this corridor as much as possible, but there had to be a couple of zombies that had wandered into the area since we were last here. The vampire that had been preying on the Riverside ward had to be close.
It got darker, but never so dark we couldnt see where we were going. The stars and the moon were bright enough to cause shadows. It was nerve wracking to be walking next to or through shadows into which you couldnt see. I was as worried about me or one of my troops shooting a civilian by accident as I was about not shooting a vampire or zombie.
An hour-and-a-half after we had started, the trucks came back. Along with them was every operational vehicle we had, most of them unarmored. It was chaotic. We were trying to get as many of the children and women loaded when I heard suppressed gunfire and the sound of women and children screaming. 

Chapter 33: Peter Bingham, October 10th to November 22nd, Year 1
Director Jones was an amazing speaker. All of the other politicians and church leaders I have heard giving speeches in my life would lose me after a few minutes. Director Jones was never boring and the things he said made me think. I remember best a phrase he used in one of his talks to the militiaall the active duty troops and the reserves; he said we lived in the time of legends.
History is cyclical, he said. There are times of crisis followed by long periods of calm. When its calm, heroes arent necessary. In times of crisis, heroes are essential and legends are created. The only crisis as big as ours in the past was when Noah built his ark. That was the last time the very existence of humanity was in doubt. We were living in a time where everything we did or didnt do mattered and because it mattered if humanity survived, our actions would be remembered. We had been given the opportunity to be legends. He laughed like it was funny and said even cowards will act brave when they know someone is watching. We all had to be heroes because all of the people, who would come after, were watching us. We all laughed with the Director, but it was nervous laughter. He was right. If humankind survived because of what we did, history was watching us.
If you spent any time with Director Jones, Sergeant Major Rockwell, or even Frank Burns, you knew you were in the presence of men straight out of the Old Testament or the Book of Mormon. The Director and the Sergeant Major had taken out vampires with a sword and a spear. Frank never missed anything he shot at. Before zombies, I never wanted to be a hero. Heroes were rich athletes that only seemed to care about cheating on their wives and how much money they were making. Or they were victims of natural disasters who were being called heroes because something bad had happened to them. Men like the Director, the Sergeant Major, and Frank proved heroes were men who put themselves at risk to save others. I wanted to be a hero, too. When the vampires attacked us, I had been given an empty rifle with a bayonet on it. My dad and I were along the wall with our rifles, with Cheryl and mom behind us. I dont have clear memories of what happened. I do know that I had been useless. I was knocked out by a vampire. When I woke up, my mother was dead. I promised myself then that I would never be useless again.
For a couple of days after the vampire attack, I couldnt move my right hand without feeling excruciating pain. I had a huge bruise on my right forearm and at first my dad thought one of my bones had been broken. When the swelling came down after a few days, my arm just ached. By the time the zombies around our fence had been cleared out, my arm was feeling pretty good. Before the zombie attack, the militia had been a joke. Half of us were high school kids like me and the other half was made up of out-of-shape men my dads age. I could tell even Sergeant Major Rockwell didnt take it all that seriously. It was different now.
At first when we went out, we had didnt have much equipment. All we had were maces, modified axes with the blades cut off. We had to find and scavenge ammunition for our guns, along with food, water, fuel, and generators. We needed basically everything. Like almost everyone in the ward, I had taken down thousands of zombies through our fence. I had killed zombies before, but its completely different when there isnt a fence between you and the zombie. Frank had an air gun that he used to knock out a zombie whenever one of us got in trouble. The Director was a ninja. Watching him take out zombies was like watching a movie with great special effects: he flicked his sword and body parts went flying. The Sergeant Major was Conan the Barbarian; he had a sledge hammer that he used to crush zombies. The rest of us, well, we werent ninjas or barbarians but we got the job done.
A couple of times a day as we explored and cleared out zombies, we would come across boarded-up houses where people were holed up. Every once in a while we would come across survivors who had run out of supplies who had to go out to forage. Youve never seen happiness until you see someone who thought he was going to die, realize that he wont. It was amazing to know I was helping to save peoples lives. Before the zombie outbreak, I was six feet tall and weighed about 150 pounds. I dont know how much I weigh now, since salvaging scales is not high on the survival priority list, but Id guess Ive gained close to twenty more pounds of muscle. My endurance was up, too. When we first explored an area, we always did it at a walk but whenever we were travelling through a cleared area we did it at a run. Every day we went out of our fence, we probably ran ten to twenty miles. Stress fractures caused by too much running were the most common reason men had to drop out of the militia.
It got a lot easier when we got our suppressed rifles. It was no big deal then for a squad of ten men to take out a couple hundred zombies in a few minutes. Our rifles had no recoil. You could go through an entire ten-round magazine in less than fifteen seconds doing one shot, one kill. Whenever we came up on a group of zombies, two shooters would fire until their clips went dry. Each shooter would start firing from the right-most or left-most edge of the group of zombies, moving to the middle until their clips went dry, then the next two SaLTs would shoot and so on. You would think that if we all fired at once we would get rid of the zombies faster, but you would be wrong. If we all had shot at once, it would have been complete chaos. The Sergeant Major explained to us that in times of stress, the human eye is attracted to the same kinds of movement, color, and size. The odds were, if we all shot at the same time, most of us would be targeting the same zombies, causing us to waste time and bullets.
When you are shooting, you have almost no peripheral vision because you cant shoot accurately if you are not focused on the target. By having only two men shooting at one time, all the rest of the men could make sure nothing surprised us. If it looked like there were too many zombies and they were too close, we all ran away for a few minutes until we had enough distance to safely start shooting again. Zombies are slow. As long as we didnt allow ourselves to get trapped and we could run, there was no way a zombie could chase us down. One time, twenty of us led a couple thousand zombies behind us on a three-mile circle for a couple hours until they were all dead. We ran from them until we were about 100 yards away, then we would shoot at them until they were 50 yards away, and then start running again. A few hours later all the zombies were down.
All of us carried a 30-pound camel pack filled with three liters of water, a couple of military surplus Meals Ready to Eat, and a hundred rounds of ammunition, along with some other supplies. Our rifles weighed about ten pounds. Right after we got our rifles, Sara Beiger gave us all three-pound collapsible metal batons that could be expanded from 15 inches to 38 inches in length with a flick of a wrist. At the end of the batons, there was a two-and-a-half-inch diameter, four-inch-long steel cylinder. Our rifles had an attachment for a bayonet but none of us used the bayonet. The bullpup design, along with the suppressors, made the balance all wrong to use our rifles in hand-to-hand combat.
Our batons came with sheaths that attached to our backpacks so we could run without the batons bouncing around. You could pull the baton out with one hand over your shoulder and the motion would fully extend the batons into a locked position. We practiced this motion over and over until we could all, in one motion, holding on to our rifles with one hand, use the other to draw out the baton, extend it, and use it to bash a zombies head. If a button on the handle was pushed and the handle twisted 180-degrees at the same time, the baton converted into a spear. It extended out another two feet and a spear head that looked like a vampires claw came out of the handle.
The Sergeant Major had a baton that was heavier, longer, and had an actual vampire claw attached to it. Sara had taken the claw from the spear he had used to kill his vampire. The batons were cool. The only person who didnt carry a baton was the Director, who carried his sword. The sword was cool, too.
The first few weeks I came back from patrol, I felt like my arms were going to fall off. Ten pounds may not seem like much, but try carrying a rifle that weighs this much for six hours. Its brutal. On the upside, I got really cut; my arms got totally defined.
At first, because of possible vampire attacks, we all stayed inside the ward house at night. Now that we knew what we were dealing with, everyone wanted some privacy. The gym was partitioned into multiple areas, and the whole ward building except for the chapel got turned into semi-private apartments. The Director had a house outside our enclosure within walking distance that had running water and was vampire- and zombie-proof. Ward members and their families who couldnt stand the lack of privacy in the ward house started fortifying the houses closest to the ward and a few brave families moved out. These families had to come back to the ward to get water, but it was worth it to them to have their own space. Over time, more and more of these homes became fortified and as people moved out, there was more space in the ward.
Just after we got our suppressed rifles and batons, all of us on active duty got uniforms: black leather jackets with a synthetic removable lining that could be washed. With all the running we did, we sweated a lot. The jackets had plastic armor on the forearms. The idea was that if you had no choice, you would let a zombie bite your forearm and hope the plastic armor would prevent it from infecting you. We wore jeans and running shoes. It was more important to make it easier for us to run than to armor our legs and feet. The jackets all had emblems on them that read Salt Lake Trooper. 
All the unmarried SaLTs like me were barracked in the ward house. Some of the married men moved out with their families. Most of us, being younger, were unmarried. Most of the older men couldnt take all the running that was required. The exception was Todd Bloom. He was old enough to be my grandfather but he had been an endurance runner before the zombie outbreak. He used to win his age group in 100-mile races. It was funny that the two oldest SaLTs, Todd and the Director, were our best runners. Even Sergeant Major Rockwell looked tired if we ran twenty miles. At that distance, Todd and the Director didnt look like they were even breathing hard.
Almost all of the zombies in a couple-of-mile radius around the ward were cleared out. Zombie traps were placed wherever there was a burned-out house. In the confusion of the first few hours and days after the zombie outbreak, fires had started all over town. These fires eventually burned out on their own. Anytime we found a burned-down house that had a basement, the ward members converted them into zombie traps. A low three-foot wall was built around the foundation and the basement cleared of anything that could be climbed by a zombie. A few zombie bodies would then be thrown into the basement. The bodies drew the zombies in.. It was easy for a zombie to climb a three-foot wall and fall into the basement, but it was impossible for a zombie to climb out of an eight-foot-deep basement with a three-foot wall built on top of it.
All the zombie traps had signs on them stating they had been put up by Salt Lake City, along with directions on how to get to our ward. Every day, ward members would visit the traps and shoot the zombies. After making suppressors for our AR-15 rifles, Jim Wright and Sam Tucker made suppressors for .22-caliber rifles. Even with a suppressor, these rifles were light enough, at little over six pounds, for pre-teens and small women to carry and shoot.
There was too much work and not enough people. It would have seemed crazy before September 11th, but now we had 14-year-olds shooting trapped zombies. Adult men and women were too busy fortifying the houses, storing supplies, and re-wiring electrical equipment and motors to do something as easy as shooting trapped zombies. Zombies are only dangerous in large groups. As long as a kid was a reasonably good shot and didnt panic, it was fairly simple for a kid to take out a single zombie even if it wasnt in a trap. No kids under 14 were allowed out of the enclosure by themselves, but if you were 14 or older, you were given a rifle and work to do. Some of the more mature teenagers had jobs clearing out zombie traps; others were put to work re-wiring burnt-out electrical appliances, doing construction work, or whatever needed to be done. As time went on and we cleared out areas further and further away from the ward, fewer zombies were found in the traps.
We always came back from patrols an hour or two before nightfall. It was too dangerous to be out without protection when vampires were out. We always had a couple of suppressed high-power rifles that could take out vampires on patrol in case we came upon a house where a vampire was holed up. Luckily, we didnt come across any.
At first, when we came back from patrols I only had enough energy to eat a huge meal and fall asleep for twelve hours. After a few weeks, I could stay up for a while. Because of the vampires, there were more women than men. Even before the zombie outbreak, Id been pretty popular. I was used to having girls pay attention to me, but the amount of attention I was getting was now crazy. Girls college-age and even older were paying attention to me. Most LDS are firm about not having sex before marriage, but some of the girls, LDS or not, acted like they wouldnt be opposed to getting physical with me. The SaLTs were mostly LDS, but a few werent, like our oldest guy, Todd Bloom. Todd was having the time of his life. I dont know how he got the energy but he never seemed to sleep in the same place twice. He had a small harem of women twenty to thirty years younger than him.
About a month before the zombie outbreak, I started dating Becky. She was a great girl and I really liked her. I could see that with time, I could come to love her. It was hard not to flirt when some older girl was paying attention to me and Becky was starting to get pissed. I knew I needed to either commit to Becky or break up with her, and I didnt know what to do. I was close to my sister Cheryl but I knew what she would say about the idea of my dating some girl who might be older than her. Talking to my dad wouldnt be any better than talking to Cheryl. It got so I was more stressed about what to do about Becky than taking on zombies.
It figures that girls would cause more pain than zombies. I finally decided to talk to Sergeant Major Rockwell. He wasnt married and he was LDS. He was getting a lot more attention from women than I was. He was one of two men who had ever killed a vampire with a hand held weapon and most of the women had seen him do it. I could tell Dr. Helen Hansen and almost all of the other single women were interested in him. The only person who could compete with him in terms of getting attention from women was the Director.
One night after going on patrol, I went to his room. Rank has its privileges; he had a small private room in the ward house. Uh, Sarnt Major, can I talk to you?
 Whats up, private?
 Uh, mmm, I wanted to see if I could get some advice from you about something personal.
 Yeah.
I explained to him what was going on with me and Becky and how I was wondering whether I should commit to her or break up with her.
Peter, do you believe in our Heavenly Father?
 Yeah, Sarnt Major, I do.
 Our Heavenly Father wants us to try our best to be our best. We cant be perfect but nothing prevents us from being the best we can be. Now some things are impossible. I know our Father wants me to love my fellow man even if hes an asshole; I cant. Its impossible for me not to curse. Everyones different. What may be impossible for me may not be impossible for you. I dont believe our Heavenly Father gets too upset if you cant do something that is impossible, but I believe he is disappointed if we dont do something that we are capable of, even if its hard. Do you believe in eternal marriage?
 I do, Sarnt.
 Sex between a man and woman who love each other is a sacrament. Its the power to create, a blessing from our Heavenly Father. Having sex with a woman you dont love is misusing that blessing. An essential part of being in love is being fair. Youve got to ask yourself how you would feel about being eternally married to a woman who had sex with another man. If your answer is that you would be ok with it, go and sow your oats. But if it would bother you, you know what you should do.
I didnt know what I expected him to say, but he surprised me. I was embarrassed to ask but I had to know. Sarnt Major, does this mean you are a virgin?
 You ask that like being a virgin is something to be ashamed of. Im a virgin. Its simply a fact, just like Im six-foot-four-inches tall. Im not ashamed or proud of being a virgin, just like Im not ashamed or proud of being my height. I know when I find and marry my eternal love; it would be wonderful if Im the first and only man she has ever been with. It would be one of the greatest gifts that I could receive. What kind of man would I be if I wanted this gift but chose not to give the same gift back? The reason you dont know what to do is because you are asking the wrong questions. Do anything you want as long as you dont mind your future wife doing the same things. 
I went back to my bunk and I spent most of the night thinking. Sergeant Major Rockwell and Director Jones were completely different men. There was no way that the Director was a virgin, but they were basically living the same way. They chose to live life as heroes without shame or regrets. The sergeant major made it clear that if I decided to fool around with women, he wouldnt judge me one way or the other, but he told me if I did that, not to expect any better from my future wife. He was right. It was only fair.
The next day after I got back from patrol I apologized to Becky. I told her I had been a jerk. Im only 17 and Becky is 16. Were young and its possible that in a few weeks or months well break up, but it wont be because Ive been flirting with other girls.
Before the zombie outbreak, I was just a kid and nothing I did really mattered. Now everything mattered. With every street I helped clear out, every zombie I killed, every important piece of equipment I helped to salvage, I was making a difference. Every day I got stronger and better at my job. It was great knowing I was one of the best. I remember watching a TV special about WWII. The title was Band of Brothers. Thats what the SaLTs became: a band of brothers. I grew up as the only boy with three older sisters. It was awesome having guys you could depend on around all the time. It was physically exhausting to be out on patrol, but there was no place else I wanted to be. After we came back I would eat dinner with my dad and Cheryl and afterwards hang out with Becky and my other friends. Every morning before I went out on patrol, Becky saw me off. Life was perfect. Then one evening Becky looked up at me and said, Peter, I love you.
My mind went blank. I said Thats nice.
Thats nice? Peter Bingham, you did not just say Thats nice! Becky turned around and stormed off. I wanted to follow her and apologize but I didnt know what to say. It just didnt seem right to say I love you back when I wasnt sure I loved her.
When I went on patrol, I made the mistake of telling one of the guys what had happened. During the rest of the patrol, some jerk would say Peter, I love you and then a couple other guys would say Thats nice in chorus, and then everyone would start laughing. We would kill a bunch of zombies, clear out some houses, and then another idiot would say Peter Bingham, I love you, and then the same old chorus, Thats nice, followed by laughter. They wouldnt let it drop. I know how it works so I kept a fake grin on my face and acted like it didnt faze me, but it wasnt pleasant.
At dinner, I let my dad and Cheryl know what happened and Cheryl reacted the same way the guys had. She burst out laughing. I could see my dad was trying to hide a grin, too. I started getting mad but then it hit me. My God, the stupidity of Thats niceit was funny. I started laughing, too. After dinner Cheryl took off. She was going to see her boyfriend. All of usmy Dad, Cheryl and Islept in different areas. I stayed at the barracks and Cheryl stayed at a single womens dorm area. My Dad was Mayor and had his own room and thats where we had dinner. He was dealing with moms death by being a workaholic. After dinner I knew he would be back at work making sure everyone in our community had enough supplies and taking care of any medical problems that came up.
I stayed after dinner and asked my dad what I should do. He told me to just wait and let time pass. He said if I loved Becky, as time passed I would become more and more miserable. He said, Peter, only a man who loves a woman can truly be miserable, with a grin on his face. He said if in a few days to weeks Becky and I still werent talking and I wasnt feeling that bad, this would be proof I didnt love her. But if I was absolutely miserable, well, that meant I loved her. I told him that seemed like a really painful way to deal with what was going on. He looked at me. I could tell he was thinking about mom because he had tears in his eyes.
Peter, being with a woman you love is worth all the pain and misery she will ever cause you, and trust me, she will at times make you absolutely miserable. Nothing worth anything is ever easy. Your relationship with your wife will be the most important thing in your life and so it will never be easy.
Dad, what if in a few weeks I decide I love Becky but its too late. She might be so mad that she wont take me back.
Peter, if she loves you, really loves you, shell forgive you and take you back. Dont tell her you love her if you dont mean it. I know its painful but if she doesnt love you, youd better find out earlier than later. Now if she takes you back shell never forget about this and she will continue to bludgeon you with this for the rest of your life and into eternity, but shell forgive you and take you back.
Dad youre not making love sound very pleasant.
Son, love is worth all the misery and pain that comes with it. I have to admit, though, its funnier seeing it happen to someone else than experiencing it yourself.
Thanks, Dad.
The next couple of weeks were miserable. Becky wouldnt even look at me. Her girlfriends didnt want to have anything to do with me, either. Once it became obvious I was single, other women started paying attention to me again, but I wasnt interested. I wasnt certain if I loved Becky or not, but I knew for sure I didnt want to date anyone else. I spent a lot more time with the guys. In passing, I mentioned to the Sergeant Major how painful it was dealing with women. He laughed and told me there was a reason why he was still single.
Starting in November we got word we were going to start rescuing other wards. The closest ward we knew had people in it before the EMP was six-and-a-half miles south of us. The training and preparation got intense. This was going to be a big deal. For the first time, we were going to spend nights outside in armored vehicles. The night before we were to depart, I found Becky and told her I loved her. I didnt know how she was going to react. I was more scared than I had been the night the vampires attacked. It went surprisingly well. She laughed and put her hands on my face and said, 
Peter Bingham, youre an idiot but I love you. 
Turns out her girlfriends had been spying on me the last few weeks and the fact I had looked miserable and hadnt given any other girl the time of day had kept me in her good graces.
Clearing out the zombies around the Riverside ward was a blast. It was awesome. I shot the best of all the men except for Frank Burns, and nobody human can beat Frank. All the money I won was icing on the cake. On November 18th, we cleared out all the zombies around the Riverside second ward. Almost all the men had been killed. I imagined how horrible it would have been to be helpless, just waiting there night after night for a vampire to get one of you.
We had to make a decision whether to stay in the ward one more night and deal with the vampire inside or take off back home with all the civilians and possibly deal with vampires on the road. Either way was bad. We didnt have the thermal camera; we couldnt see the vampire through a wall or through a roof. We didnt have a way of taking out the vampire before it got among us. We could have just passively let a vampire take one of us men; if we did, only one of us would have died, but there was no way any of us SaLTs would have let this happen. If the vampire attacked, we would kill it, but we also knew a number of us would be dead or injured in the process. The Director made the decision to head back home right away.
If had been just us SaLTs, it would have been no problem running back home. Six-and-a-half miles was nothing, but we had to escort hundreds of women and children back. Luckily we were able to fit most of the youngest children in our trucks. It was mid-November and Salt Lake City is in a desert; in deserts it gets cold at night. Most of the civilians had winter coats but some didnt. I saw a girlshe must have been 14 or 15she was skinny and shivering. She had a couple of blankets wrapped around her. I took my jacket off and gave it to her. If I hadnt, I think she would have become hypothermic. The Director had told us that in his experience, vampires did not come out until after midnight, so there was a chance we wouldnt be attacked. I hoped he was right.
Every time I had been outside before tonight, we had been in control. Every man had a weapon and knew how to use it. We had been close enough to be able to support each other. None of the civilians were armed. We had to spread out to help protect the perimeter. We didnt have enough men to adequately support each other. We each had an assigned partner: one of us with a rifle that could take out a vampire and the other an AR-15. My partner today was Max Sutter. He had a .300-Win Mag Winchester 70 bolt-action rifle. I had my suppressed AR-15. We were moving constantly back and forth, trying to keep an eye out for vampires and zombies. Even though it was cold and I didnt have my jacket on, I was sweating. I saw one zombie in the first hour of walking. Before I could even lift my rifle, it was taken out. That had to be Frank.
We had covered two, maybe three, miles when the armored trucks came back with a bunch of other vehicles. My dad was there. Once he had found out what was going on, he had gotten all of the reserve militia men and every working vehicle out to us. Many of the vehicles were pulling trailers we could load people on. It looked like there was enough room for everyone. Loading up was completely chaotic. We SaLTs couldnt help; we needed to keep an eye on the perimeter.
I heard screaming to the right. About fifty feet away, I saw a group of zombies attacking civilians. In the noise and chaos, no one had seen them approach. Max couldnt shoot; his rifle was so powerful it would rip right through a zombie and probably hit a civilian. I took four shots in a couple seconds. I didnt miss. There were three more zombies but they were too close to the civilians. Im not Frank. I couldnt risk it. I dropped my gun and pulled out my baton. As I ran, I tugged on a release on my backpack that allowed it to fall off behind me. When I reached the zombie closest to me, it had its back to me. It was holding on to a woman and pulling her toward its jaws. She was screaming and struggling. Her hands were on the zombies chest, trying to keep it from biting her. I swung my baton like it was a baseball bat with two hands. I struck its temple just in front of its ear and I could feel its skull collapse.
I kept running, and with two steps I was right on top of the second zombie. It had grabbed a kid, maybe ten years old. It was facing away from me. I tackled it. I knocked the zombie to the ground and as it and I fell, I was able to pull the kid out of its grasp and push him away. I ended up on top of the zombie. I grabbed the zombies hair with two hands and started slamming its head down on the asphalt surface of the road. The third time I pulled its head up and smashed it back down, I could feel its skull give and the zombie stopped struggling. I stood up. Max had just taken out the last zombie. The woman I saved was holding her kid. They both looked ok.
Max said, Peter, your arm.
I looked. I had a bite on my left forearm. It was bleeding. If I had been wearing my SaLT jacket with the armored sleeves, this wouldnt have happened. Now I was a dead man walking. We had bandages in our backpacks. Max got a bandage out and wrapped it around my arm.
We all had seen what would happen once you got bit by a zombie. Depending on how healthy you were, you turned into a zombie within a few hours to four days. I was healthy. I probably had four days. Before you turned, you always started vomiting, so there was always a warning period. By the time Max had finished wrapping my arm, all the SaLTs, the Director, and my dad were there. The Director immediately assessed the situation and ordered the rest of the SaLTs to back up around the perimeter. My dad was crying. I went up and hugged him. My dad and I got up into the front seat of a truck that could seat three men. I sat furthest away from the driver. If I started vomiting, I needed to be able to get my head out a window.
My dad and I sat in silence for a while. He hugged me. I could tell that if he could, he would have held me in his arms like a child. I wouldnt have minded. He wouldnt stop crying. I couldnt help it; I started crying, too. We didnt say much. What was there to say?
By the time we got back to the ward, both of us had stopped crying. I got out of the truck and I could see Becky running toward me. She started to kiss me. You cant kiss me, Becky. I got bit. I could feel Beckys legs get weak. She almost fell to the ground. I held her up in my arms. She buried her head into my neck. I could feel her body shake as she sobbed.
Every few days we would get a couple of new people into the ward. These were people who had been holed up in their homes. By now most of them had run out of supplies. Some were rescued by the SaLTs and some made it to us on their own. The people who got here on their own tended to find us by heading away from the highest concentration of zombies. It wasnt unusual for some of the people who had gotten here on their own to have been bitten. Everyone who was a new arrival was first allowed to shower and get cleaned up and then had to undergo a physical examination by my dad or one of his assistants. If they had been bitten, they were placed in a quarantine room until they turned.
Everyone in the quarantine room was given an opportunity to inject themselves with a combination of morphine and diazepam that would kill them before they turned. After an overdose it usually took an hour before the corpse turned into a zombie. This gave the guards time to damage the brain. Since the Outbreak, no one got buried. Everyone was cremated.
Id never had been to a quarantine room before, but my dad had told Cheryl and me about it while we were having one of our family dinners. Dad said some of the people requested that they be killed before they turned. These people couldnt kill themselves but at the same time they didnt want to turn into a zombie. This had created a dilemma for the council. No one wanted to be responsible for euthanasia. The council had voted and it was unanimous: We didnt do euthanasia. People had to inject themselves or they were taken down after they had turned. In the end, most people couldnt inject themselves.
I was led to the quarantine house. It was a house near the ward that was converted to a series of cells. All the rooms had a toilet and sink and a chain-link door that could be locked. I could see the reason behind it. Once you turned into a zombie, you would charge the door and one of the guards could then take you out through the chain-link.
Becky and my dad came along with me. I could see my dad was planning on staying. I went up to him and said, Dad, theres around 300 new people in the ward. Everyone needs you. Theres nothing you can do for me now. I smiled at him. Besides, I need some time alone with my girl. 
After my dad left, Becky and I started talking. Actually, Becky talked. I just nodded and said yes when appropriate. I cant remember anything she said. It was good to hear her voice and to touch her. We werent alone for long when Cheryl stormed into my cell. Even though it was dark and too dangerous to be out, no one could stop her from coming. As soon as she found out what had happened, she came over. I had been strong since my ride up here with my dad but once Becky and Cheryl starting crying, I couldnt help myself.
It was late. I needed to sleep. Cheryl and Becky had to sleep in another room. It was too dangerous for them to stay the night with me. The zombie virus is spread by saliva. No one knew if vomit could spread the virus, but it was too risky to take a chance of my vomiting on them by accident at night. I was exhausted and I slept without any dreams.
The next morning, Cheryl, Becky, my dad, and I ate breakfast in my cell. Everyone was trying to be cheerful. We spent the morning talking about life before the zombie outbreak. I told Becky about how my mom and dad had often forgotten about me and left me behind at different places when I was younger. We were all laughing to the point of tears when my dad described how he had no response to my question the first time this had happened, when I was five: Why did you leave me behind? 
After breakfast, my dad had to go back to work. Cheryl and Becky stayed with me. One by one, most of the people who knew me came to visit. The woman whose life Id saved and her son came by early in the day. She thanked me and so did her son. I could tell he really didnt know what was going on. At his age he really didnt understand death. It was good to see the people I had saved.
It wasnt until the afternoon that the girl I had given my jacket to came to see me. Her name was Hannah Evans and she was 13 years old. She was an orphan. It was clear she had been crying for most of the day. She brought my jacket back to me. I could tell people were blaming her for my death. If I had been wearing my jacket, I wouldnt have been bit. By the expressions on Beckys and Cheryls faces, it looked like they were blaming her too. I had to stop this immediately. I told Hannah my jacket was now hers, I had given it to her freely. She hadnt asked me for the jacket. I had seen she was cold and I chose to give it to her. I had been taking out zombies for months without needing my jacket for protection and it was just random bad luck I needed it last night.
I told Hannah it was my calling to protect others. She had been really cold last night and I could see she was in danger of freezing. It wasnt fair, but because I had ended up sacrificing my life for her, she was left in my debt. The only way she could repay that debt was to live a great life. She had to live her life without shame. She had to live in a righteous way. She had to grow up and have a family and do all the things I couldnt because she owed me. I told her I had no regrets and would do everything the same all over again. I looked at Cheryl and Becky. I said, If people treat you badly because of me, if you blame yourself because of me, you and they will be throwing away my life and my sacrifice. I asked Cheryl and Becky to accompany Hannah back to the ward and make sure that if people blamed Hannah for my death, they knew they were demeaning my life. All three of the girls were crying as they left. I didnt cry. I wasnt sad; I was exhausted.
A couple of years ago I had played a video game that had a Japanese samurai theme. Once you got to a certain level and you died, there was a voice-over saying Death is lighter than a feather. Duty is heavier than a mountain. It was just background noise back then. Now I knew what this saying meant. Id wanted to be a hero, and I was one, but it was hard. In a couple of days my struggles would be over. I didnt want to die, but it would be good to be able to lay my burdens down. If I wasnt a dead man walking, I would never have been able to understand how true that saying was.
I wasnt able to rest for long. Everyone I knew wanted to see me and say goodbye. I understood it was necessary for all the people who cared for me to say goodbye. It was hard for me but I tried to really listen to all of them. Cheryl and Becky were around the most. Both of them decided they would tell me everything that they needed to. Becky especially was trying to fit the conversations of a lifetime with me in the few days I had left. It would have been easy to blank out, like most men do when their female loved ones talk to them about emotions for more than a few minutes, but I tried my best not to. After about two minutes of hearing about female emotions, it was hard to keep my mind from wandering. My life was no longer a marathon. I didnt have to pace myself. I could sprint for a few days. I loved Becky and Cheryl. It was important for them to tell me everything. I listened. At first Becky and Cheryl had been angry with Hannah, but it was clear they had taken my wishes to heart. Both of them had semi adopted her. She was an orphan, and she needed people to look after her.
It was hard talking with my father. He had lost his wife and probably my oldest sister as well. I felt like I had let him down. We didnt talk about our feelings or what could have been. He visited most meal times, and on those occasions we reminisced about my mom and my two sisters who werent here. We didnt have much time and we both felt better remembering our family together.
There were only two people I felt like I could relax with, such that I didnt have to work to be the dying hero because they didnt treat my death as a tragedy. They were the Director and Sergeant Major Rockwell. Its hard describing the Director because when you do, he doesnt seem real. He seemed to know everything and be able to do everything. Yeah, Frank Burns was a better shot but you got the feeling that if the Director wanted to, he would be able to beat Frank. Sergeant Major Rockwell outweighed the Director by a hundred pounds and was close to twenty years younger, but when they sparred, more often than not the Director would win. No one besides Sergeant Major Rockwell got even close to giving the Director a challenge when sparring. I had seen the state of the Riverside ward; if it werent for the Director we probably would have been in the same sorry mess.
He had made it clear from the first that he wouldnt be satisfied with just restoring our community but he planned on restoring our nation. Being around him was like being with George Washington or King David of the Bible. He only visited me once, but it was enough. When he entered my room I stood up to salute. The Sergeant Major is an ex-Ranger and was old-school about saluting officers when we werent in the Field. The Director was our only officer. The Director told me to stand down even before I could start my salute. I stood there waiting for him to explain. He then caught my eyes and slowly he saluted me.
It dawned on me then that the Director was showing me respect. I saluted him back. He told me every elite fighting force had heroes who were remembered forever. I would be one of them. I was the first SaLT to die on duty and I had sacrificed myself to defend helpless civilians and I would be remembered because of this. He told me the SaLTs highest medal for bravery would be named the Bingham. We lived in the time of legends. We needed heroes and martyrs that would stand as symbols of what we as a re-born community, and eventually a nation, all aspired to be. It happened that I was our first martyr. We both knew there was every chance in the world the Director would follow me into martyrdom. The Director led every battle from the front. The Director wasnt treating me like a Private. He treated me like an equal who had done what was necessary. He wasnt trying to reward me or boost my ego. He was telling me, simply as a courtesy, that what I had done would not be wasted.
Sergeant Major Rockwell visited me every day. He was a hero, but in a completely different way than Director Jones. The Director did everything effortlessly; The Sergeant Major worked for everything, but he worked so hard he was almost superhuman in everything he thought was important. He just didnt think that many things were important. The Director was our leader; the Sergeant Major was the rock, the foundation that we all depended on. He was surprisingly good with both Cheryl and Betsy. I found out he had seven older sisters. When he wanted to, he had social skills. Its just that most times, he didnt want to. He and I didnt talk much. We didnt have to.
The Sergeant Major knew death was always a possibility for a soldier. For him, it wasnt a tragedy to die. It was only a tragedy to die uselessly. The most important thing to him was to do the right thing regardless of the consequences. He assumed I was like him; amazingly, I was. Sergeant Major Rockwell knew how hard it was for me to spend the last few days surrounded by people who loved me. Having at least one person around who knew what I was going through helped. As the days passed, I started getting more and more fatigued. My body started aching and by the third day, every movement caused me pain. I was used to pain; after a day on patrol carrying all our gear and running up-to-twenty miles, I always hurt. It wasnt difficult to hide how much pain I was in.
Until the 22nd, I was unsure when I woke up whether it would be the last day of my life. I woke up on November 22nd knowing for certain that on this day, I would die. No one lasted more than four days after a zombie bite. My father started an IV for me and attached a syringe full of medications that would kill me quickly. This last day was reserved for me, Cheryl, Becky, and my dad. At my request, no one else visited. In the morning I explained to them I didnt want them to see me vomiting; that wasnt how I wanted them to remember me. I told them I would take my life when I started feeling nauseated. It wasnt suicide. I was already dead. For the rest of the morning, it was easiest to talk about the past. We all laughed again at my response to Becky telling me she loved me. Thats nice was so stupid.
I knew it was time when I started getting nauseated.
Becky, Cheryl, Dad, I love you. I have no regrets. Im not afraid.
I pushed the syringe in. I was so tired. It was good to rest. 

Chapter 34: Jim Wright, November 1st to November 25th, Year 1
I had gotten into a routine for a few weeks until the rescue of the Riverside ward on the 18th. Almost all the zombies were gone from the Sugar House area. A handful of zombies were found daily in the traps that had been set up in the neighborhood. We had not been attacked by vampires, or even seen evidence of a vampire, since the October 10th attack.
One of the men in the ward, Evan Meese, was using salvaged drilling equipment to dig wells for people who had moved out of the ward house. Helen Hansen proved again that she was irreplaceable. She was able to figure out how to re-wire the drilling equipment so it could work. She was now taking part-ownership, rather than cash, of the companies that needed her to get their equipment working again. She was probably going to be the richest person on earth.
Everyone who had a well was now on the hook to pay Evan a small amount every month for the next thirty years. Because of Evan, people going back to living in houses had access to running water. The first well Evan dug was at the ward so now everyone could take real heated showers again. Most ward members who had families were starting to move back into their own homes. Homes where the owners were dead or could not be found were declared to be the property of Salt Lake City and could be bought at auction from the City. We had 100-percent employment. General contractors were constantly looking for more people to help fortify homes.
There werent enough working generators yet for everyone whod returned to a house to have power, but it wasnt that hard to salvage full propane tanks. Gas grills were not only used to cook food but to heat homes. It was easy to find full propane tanks or get them refilled from propane tanks at the local gas stations.
Almost everyone had thought Mark had been crazy when he wanted us to vote in council members and a judge, but once again he proved he was crazy like a fox. With all the companies that were being formed and all the building and work that was being done, people were constantly getting into disputes. Lee Singer had thought he was going to be a part-time judge. He ended up being a full-time arbiter. It turns out Mark, or whoever advised Mark, to pick Lee Singer was a good judge of character. Judge Singer was doing a good job.
John Black had been an accountant prior to the outbreak. Mark had gotten to know John well during the time John and his family had been living at Marks house. Mark created the First Federal Bank of Utah and appointed John to be head of the bank. It was Johns responsibility to keep track of all the money that was being used in our community. Mark had personally signed enough dollar bills that small transactions like buying food and minor odds-and-ends could be done with cash, but all major transactions had to be done through the bank because Mark had not signed a large-enough amount of bills. This made it easy for the bank to collect taxes. Eventually it became the norm that barter and cash transactions were not taxed but all large transactions that had to go through the bank were. Everyone in our community now had an account at the bank. Guys like Evan who were being paid slowly over time got their money directly deposited into their accounts.
As both our mayor and our only physician, Art Bingham was working twenty-hour days making sure all our citizens needing medical attention were being taken care of. Alan Redding was a registered nurse and helped Art out. One of our councilmen, Hank Miller, was a pharmacist. The three of them were responsible for keeping our community healthy. We no longer had anyone alive with chronic illnesses. Everyone who needed to take medications daily to stay healthy was already dead, but with all the construction and manufacturing being done, there was a constant flow of accident-related injuries that needed treatment.
The council members were as busy as Art, running their own private businesses and meeting for council business. Every person that refused to accept Judge Singers decisions appealed to the council. The council had to decide what businesses got government loans. Art, all the council members, and Judge Singer always looked tired. On the other hand, Mark looked like he was having the time of his life. He was constantly going out on patrol with the SaLTs or messing around with gadgets he found interesting. If anyone ever bothered him about anything, he always pointed them to one of the elected officials. It was just like Mark. He was still our leader. Whatever he wanted he got and he had arranged things so he didnt have to deal with any of the boring or tedious parts of leading a community.
All I had to do was make sure my company was producing enough suppressed rifles. Once the design issues were taken care of, my company pretty much ran itself. My belly wound was healing. Cheryl was an overwhelming force. There was nothing I could do to resist her. The only chance I had was if she got bored with me, so I went with the flow. My head said this was a bad idea and it would never work; my heart said I was in love with her. Being conflicted like this gave me the freedom to be completely honest with Cheryl and be myself. I didnt try to fake being a better guy. I didnt hide the fact I was falling in love with her and I thought this was a really bad idea. Cheryl is a fun, beautiful girl. She was used to men trying desperately to attract her and telling her that they loved her. I guess I was different enough she found me interesting.
I was sleeping in a mens dormitory room in the ward but I was seriously considering moving back to my house. I had a working generator. My house was already zombie-proof and if I got Evan Meese to dig a well for me, I would have running water. I was thinking about hiring a general contractor to make my house vampire-proof.
Shortly after dusk on November 18th, we got word the SaLTs had rescued the Riverside ward and they were on the road walking back to us. Art Bingham called up all the reserves, which was basically every able-bodied man who could hold a gun plus Helen Hansen. Helen was our resident feminist and she refused to accept that women couldnt do anything as well as men. To give her credit, in her particular case she was right. The other women supported Helen in principle, but no other woman wanted to be in the reserves.
We commandeered every truck we had gotten running again and hitched up every trailer we had and drove south to meet the SaLTs. None of this had been anticipated and the whole process was completely chaotic. Peter Bingham, Cheryls younger brother, got bit by a zombie during the rescue. He was a good kid and she was completely broken up about it. Losing both her mom and her brother in such a short time was really hard on her. I didnt know what to say. I tried to be supportive.
I really think that if Art hadnt been mayorhe was the man in charge of incorporating close to 300 more people, mostly women and children, into our communityhe would have lost it. Art didnt break down because he couldnt; he was needed. One of the few bright spots for Art of rescuing the Riverside ward was that we now had a Bishop. Jerry Maple was one of the two adult men who had survived. It wasnt a big deal to me to not have a Bishop around, but it had been a big issue for the ward members. Art Bingham is a deeply religious man and I could tell having Bishop Maple around was a great source of comfort to him. If we had waited two more days to rescue the Riverside ward, all the men including the Bishop would have been killed by the vampire. Ed Samuelson, the other surviving Riverside man, was a complete psychological wreck. Hed been so certain he was going to die he didnt know how to handle being alive. He was almost catatonic. Bishop Maple had the opposite psychological response. He said he was convinced he had been saved for a reason and he dedicated himself to trying to help and counsel the rest of our community.
That first night, everyone thought we would be attacked by the vampire that had been feeding on the Riverside Ward. We werent. Maybe the vampire thought we were too tough a nut to crack. Before we had rescued the Riverside ward, everyone, including me, had gotten complacent about the vampire danger. I put my ideas about moving back to my house on hold, and a couple of the people who had already moved out of the ward moved back in. The stories the Riverside survivors told were horrific. Their vampire liked to torture men before it killed them. We had one experience with vampires on October 10th and we had all seen how fast the vampires could move and how dangerous they were, but our vampires had all been killed before they had a chance to play with us. The Riverside ward hadnt been so lucky.
After the EMP, the Riverside ward members had been forced to rely on candles for light, and by candlelight they watched one member of their ward die every night. Initially, ward members tried to fight the vampire, first with guns until the vampire destroyed their guns, and then with clubs and knives, but they were never able to hurt it. All the men who attacked the vampire were wounded with cuts to their bellies like mine or had their arms broken. The wounded men were always the first to be killed. After a couple futile attempts to hurt the vampire, the ward members just watched the men die.
Their vampire almost always came around 1:00 in the morning. It would pick out a man, then cut him on an arm or leg with a claw, and use its long tongue to lap at the bleeding wound. After a few minutes, it would let the man run away. The vampire would watch the man run then jump on him. The vampire moved like an insect or a spider. It often ran on all fours and could jump thirty to fifty feet. Sometimes its limbs moved so fast they could barely be seen. For hours the vampire would let its victim run and then catch him and lick at the wound it had made. When the victim finally couldnt run any longer due to wounds and blood loss, the vampire would bite a chunk of flesh and bone from the victims wrist or ankle, and suck at the arterial blood as it came from the wound. After the man had died, the vampire would rip out his throat and then hold the body over its head, letting the last of the blood drain into its mouth.
As the nights went by, the ward members could see the zombies outside their fence were trying to attack the vampire and they had hoped one day a zombie could catch hold of the vampire long enough for the other zombies to swarm it. Zombies were packed all around their fence. The densely-packed mass of zombies was close to fifty feet deep, which was right at the limit of how far a vampire could jump. They kept hoping that, one night, the vampire would miscalculate its jump and land in the middle of a crowd of zombies. They were repeatedly disappointed. The vampire would wait several hundred feet outside their enclosure until the zombies saw it and started toward it. Once the zombies were spread out enough, the vampire just ran through the zombie crowd and jumped over the fence.
In all the years Ive known Mark, Id never seen him angry. Even in the middle of a fight, he looked he was having fun. At worst, Ive seen him look annoyed. After the Riverside ward rescue, I saw him angry. He was angry with himself for not anticipating what the vampires had been doing to the other wards. On the 19th of November, the very next morning after the rescue, Mark sent about half our SaLTs and reservists down south close to the other wards where we knew people had survived. All day long, people who had heard the gunfire from the preceding two days had been coming to our ward. People holed up in their homes were running out of supplies and came to us in desperation once they heard evidence of other human survivors.
Mark estimated there had been 500,000 zombies in the greater Salt Lake region at the beginning of the outbreak. We had already killed about 200,000. He sent men to three separate wards at the southern-most edge of the area we had previously explored and cleared of zombies. They were sent with enough ammunition and building supplies to make at least four rooms in a ward house vampire-proof. Their mission was to kill as many zombies as possible and to make as much noise as possible. Hopefully, this would bring out more survivors while we figured out a way to kill the vampires safely. Hiram Rockwell wanted to go out with his men, but Mark overruled him. Mark said he was going to be busy working with me, my partner, Helen, and Frank Burns to come up with a solution to the vampires. It was Hirams job to keep our ward secure.
With the number of new survivors coming to our ward, we needed the SaLTs and the reserves to make sure everyone who had been bitten was quarantined and if a vampire attacked at night, we would be able to protect ourselves. I didnt envy Hiram and his men. It was never pleasant to secure and quarantine people who didnt want to be secured. Many of the people who got bit stayed in denial, refusing to admit they were dead. Sometimes these people had friends and family members that were also in denial. Our policy was to give them a choice: stay out of our enclosure and our neighboring areas and work it out on their own, or stay with us but locked in quarantine. Sounds reasonable, right? People tend be unreasonable when dealing with issues involving life and death. It wasnt uncommon for someone to refuse to voluntarily submit to quarantine and refuse to leave. These people then had to be forcibly locked up. Almost always, these people were armed. It was touchy getting them disarmed and locked up.
Mark already had an idea for how to take out vampires. It was based on the concept that the first thing a vampire did was to take out bright lights and that Helen had been able to immobilize a vampire with a Taser. Mark didnt want to risk any of the few remaining light bulbs we had left from the EMP. He brought up the idea of limelights.
Youve heard the expression, He wants to be in the limelight. It originated in the theater in the 1800s, before electrical lights were used. In those days, a flame generated by a combination of oxygen and hydrogen was directed at a caustic substance called quicklime; this created an intensely bright light that could be focused on a stage. Quicklime is created by heating up limestone to 825 degrees Celsius. Oxygen and hydrogen can be created by running an electrical current through water. We had to find a way to make quicklime. We needed, somehow, to heat up limestone to 825 degrees Celsius and then to pump the hydrogen and oxygen wed created with electrolysis into small canisters.
Mark, Helen, and my partner Sam Tucker were going to figure out how to make a stun gun using a 12-volt car battery. The EMP had caused many of the car and truck batteries to explode but car batteries on metal shelves in stores with metal studs in the walls often were ok. The metal studs in the walls of the stores and the metal shelving helped guide the electrical energy of the EMP away from the batteries. The goal was to increase the voltage put out by a car battery from 12.6 volts to 50,000 volts. Watts, or the work done by electricity, = volts x amps.
You use a transformer to increase the voltage. Transformers only work with alternating currents and batteries have direct current. You need an inverter to change direct currents to alternating currents to be able to use a transformer.
The theories behind transformers and inverters are simple. Building these devices was not as simple. We were dealing with voltages that could easily kill a person. If the inverter and the transformer we were using were built incorrectly, we could easily cause the car battery to explode, which would spread sulfuric acid everywhere. We had to make sure when we built these devices that they were sturdy and reliable.
Frank and I worked on getting the limelight ready. We got a working limelight ready in two days. It took us another two days to get six functional limelights. Mark, Helen, and Sam worked on the vampire stun-gun. It took four days to get a working vampire stun-gun, or VSG, that was reliable. It took another three days to make a total of six VSGs. The VSG was a limelight surrounded by steel prongs at the end of a six-foot-long fiberglass pole; the steel prongs were attached by an electrical cord to a power box holding a transformer, inverter, and car battery. The power box could be carried in a backpack. Our limelights were made up of a small cylinder of quicklime next to a small canister of oxygen and hydrogen gas. Salvaged parabolic mirrors from headlights were used to focus the limelight. There were twelve steel prongs set around the light in six sets of two prongs, two inches apart. Each of these six sets of two prongs had a cathode and an anode. If a vampire touched any cathode and anode at the same time, a 60,000-volt current would run through the vampire until the stun-gun was turned off.
The plan was to hunt vampires in pairs. One man carried and operated the VSG and the other carried a .300 Win Mag rifle. Any vampire that tried to destroy a limelight would touch at least two of the prongs surrounding the light, which would then send a 60,000 volt current through the vampire, freezing it in place. His partner would then blow a hole in the vamps head at close range. We were ready to kill vampires.
The men Mark had sent off had returned. They estimated they had killed another 100,000-or-so zombies. They came back with another 47 survivors. On Thanksgiving Day, Mark, Hiram and the SaLTs took off to rescue the remaining wards in the Salt Lake region.

Chapter 35: Hiram Rockwell, November 25th to November 28th, Year 1 
It was good to be back in the field again. I wanted to kill some vampires. Im happiest being a soldier. It was necessary sometimes to act like a policeman, but it didnt mean I liked it. We were a small enough community that crime wasnt a big issue. At this point, zombies around the ward werent a big problem. We had cleared out almost all of them and the zombie traps were working well. The major problem was dealing with recently-bitten civilians. They werent the enemy but they were dangerous and it was hard not treating them like the enemy. I told the Director that soldiers made bad policemen. We needed to start a dedicated police force.
The ward we were going to rescue next was the Little Cottonwood Nineteenth Ward on 6180 South Glenoaks Street. We were able to drive our armored trucks within a few blocks of this ward. The numbers of zombies were really down. When the outbreak had first occurred, they had seemed endless, but with all the zombies we had taken out, you could go a few blocks without seeing a single one. There were about twenty to thirty thousand zombies around Little Cottonwood. It didnt take long to clear them out and we were able to get into the enclosure.
Glenoaks had been attacked by multiple vampires on October 10th, like everywhere else. They had lost a lot of men, just as we had in that first attack. They hadnt seen a vampire until a week ago, when a single vampire started attacking them at night. We now knew where the Riverside vampire had gone. The Glenoaks men had tried to fight back, and many of them were wounded. The most common injury was broken bones. In the past week, all the men with belly wounds had either died due to their injuries or had been killed by the vampire.
Alan Redding, our nurse, was with us. He had brought all the medical supplies he and Mayor Bingham thought would be helpful. One of the Glenoaks survivors was Dr. Al Martin. He was an ob/gyn. Dr. Martin had a broken right arm but he helped Alan take care of the wounded as best he could.
We had three men armed with VSGs (Vampire Stun Guns) and the rest of us were armed with big-game hunting rifles we knew could kill a vampire. We waited for night fall. The Director and Frank were the duo who were first up to take it out. I was on the back-up team.
At 1:06 a.m., the vampire dropped through the hole in the ceiling it had previously made in the wards gymnasium. The Director flipped on his VSG. The light was almost blinding in its brightness. As expected, the vampire jumped immediately to the light. It swiped at the light with one claw-filled hand, and as it did, an arc of electricity burst from the VSG prongs and struck the vampire, knocking it to the ground. The Director immediately stabbed down with VSG. The vampire on the ground shook as the electricity ran through it. The smell of burnt flesh filled the air. Frank Burns shot the vampire through the head and then through the heart. It was all over. The right technology had made easy what had previously been extremely difficult.
We radioed back home. Helen Hansen had figured out how to boost the range of our walkie-talkies so we could stay in radio contact. As the Director explained to Art Bingham how easy it had been to take out the vampire, we could hear cheers in the background when Art spoke. I think all of us here had been in a mild state of shock. It had been so easy. There was pandemonium. There was so much cheering and shouting the Director stopped trying to talk on the radio.
The next morning we waited until the reserves came to the ward with vehicles to transport the entire ward back home. The SaLTs headed to the other two wards that needed to be rescued. They were easy. These wards had even fewer zombies around them than did the Glenoaks ward. Other than the initial attack by multiple vampires on October 10th, these wards had not been attacked. 

Chapter 36: Jim Wright, December 2nd to December 20th, Year 1
On December 2nd, we celebrated Thanksgiving a week late with a huge party that included everyone in our community. By then we had nearly 2,500 people. We were bursting out of our seams with people. We cleared out all the cars and vehicles in our enclosure and built a huge two-story dormitory that could sleep 1,500 people. We fit so many people into this dormitory it didnt need to be heated. The heat coming off the packed human bodies was enough to keep it warm. We had barely enough toilets and shower facilities for the residents. I got in touch with Evan Meese immediately to have him dig a well for my house.
Despite the overcrowding, morale was good. It may have just been canned foods and cereal for Thanksgiving dinner, but it was better than what many of our new arrivals had had for months. For many, it was the height of luxury to be able to eat and drink as much as they wanted. Many of them had been on tight rations before arriving. If we hadnt had so many new residents, we probably would have grumbled about not having fresh turkey and all the things people have been brought up to expect with Thanksgiving, but when you saw so many people being so grateful, you understood how lucky we were.
It was almost impossible now to find a zombie within five miles of our ward. Everyone could see the living arrangements were temporary. People were moving out into individual homes as fast as possible. All of the vehicles that had been abandoned on our streets had been taken to parking lots that we had turned into automobile graveyards. The effectiveness of the VSGs had surprised everyone. Mark Jones had been able to save four diesel trucks from the EMP by placing them in Faraday-cage garages. We now had four armored patrol vehicles touring around the neighborhoods we had taken back, and driving with their headlights on. These vehicles were encased in steel wire fencing that could be electrified. They had a metal platform in front of the headlights that a vampire could stand on when it went for the lights. The windshields were removed so the men in the cab of the truck could shoot at zombies and vampires in front of them.
Twice in December, a patrol vehicle was attacked by a vampire. It seemed vampires couldnt help themselves; they instinctively attacked every artificial light they saw. Both attacks went the same way. A vampire would jump to the front of the truck and grab on to the protective fencing to try to destroy the headlights; they landed on the platform that had been conveniently provided for them. The fence and the platform would then be electrified, freezing the vampire in place, and then the men in the truck would shoot the vampire.
The pace of construction rose geometrically. Every person who survived had too much work to do. Up until Thanksgiving, Helen Hansen had been the only woman who wanted to be in the reserves. After the Riverside ward joined us, ninety-eight women wanted to join. These women were led by Emma Dietrich, who had been the Riverside second wards Relief Society President before the zombie outbreak. Every LDS ward has a women-only organization called the Relief Society that is there to help women and their families. Emma Dietrich was a 57-year-old grandmother who had helplessly watched her husband, a son, and a son-in-law be tortured and killed by a vampire. Even before the zombie outbreak she had been a formidable woman. Now she was a force of nature. She refused to ever be helpless again. Most of the women from the Riverside ward agreed with her, and almost all those who could physically handle being in the reserves volunteered. There were so many women now that Mark set up a separate service he called the Valkyries, made up only of women. Emma was appointed Captain. The primary purpose of the Valkyries was homeland defense.
As November turned into December, I could see Art Bingham get more and more stressed. Cheryl was worried too, but Art frankly looked like hell. He had been in contact with his youngest daughter and her husband until the EMP. He was anxious to find out how she was doing, but he also understood the SaLTs had to be properly prepared before they could make an expedition over forty miles to our south. On December 5th, Mark came to visit me. I knew him well enough to know this was not just a social call.
Hey Jim, hows your belly?
Getting better. I can cough without any pain now.
You know we need more SaLTs, right?
Yeah, dont know if I can handle a twenty-mile run right now.
Oh yeah, Jim, you probably wont be able to run much for another month or two but when we go to Provo well need four drivers. It would help if the drivers could also shoot. You interested?
I was cursing inside my head. I had been hoping for another couple of months until I was completely healed. I said Yeah, I guess I am.
Mark smiled. That fucker knew exactly what was going on in my head and he found it amusing. Thats good, Jim.
On December 7th, the SaLTs left to go to Provo. I left with them. We had twenty-four men squeezed into four trucks. All of us drivers were the walking wounded who were good with a gun. Cheryl was semi-hysterical when I left. She wanted her sister rescued but she was also worried about me. Her father, on the other hand, was entirely joyous. He knew even better than I did how changeable Cheryl was. I could tell he thought I would be gone from Cheryls life in a few weeks. I couldnt blame him; I thought so, too. I could tell he was praying his daughter Tara was ok. He wasnt worried about me at all.
I thought that I would be spending all my time driving. I should have known better. Mark had asked Dr. Martin, the ob/gyn, to examine my belly before we left. Dr. Martin told me and Mark that my wound had healed enough to start some low-grade strengthening exercises. I hadnt thought much about that examination, but I should have. Once we got on I-15 and had gone the ten miles that had previously been cleared by the SaLTs, Hiram Rockwell told us to unload and start walking down the highway to make sure any zombie trapped in a vehicle was taken care of and to help clear the road.
We were driving on the outside berm of the highway. There were abandoned vehicles clogging every lane, but the outside berm was mostly clear. Every couple of hundred feet or so, there was a vehicle blocking the berm and had to be moved out of the way, most of the time it was just a matter of putting the vehicle into neutral and rolling it away from the berm. Hiram told me Dr. Martin had cleared me for low-grade exercises, so I was assigned to walk along on the perimeter with my rifle in full kit, with my backpack and baton.
He assigned another SaLT to drive in my place. Every few minutes, the guy on point would blow a whistle to see if it drew any zombies toward us. Zombies arent smart enough to ambush you on purpose. As long as you make enough noise, they will come to you rather than trying to ambush you. Every mile or so, we would come across a zombie that had gotten tangled up in its seatbelt and was stuck in its vehicle. It wasnt a big deal to put a bullet through its head through the vehicle window.
I hadnt exercised for months. I wasnt doing any running. We were only going on average two miles an hour, but within an hour my whole body was hurting. After four hours of walking, we took a break for lunch and I was allowed to go back to driving again. At four p.m., before it got dark, we cleared enough of the highway to set up our portable enclosure around our armored trucks. We then fired off a couple shots with a non-suppressed rifle. We only drew a couple hundred zombies. This close to Sugar House, there werent many zombies left. It took only a few minutes to take care of them.
We ate dinner then hung around and killed time until it got dark. All our trucks had the same kind of electrified vampire traps in the front of our headlights that the patrol vehicles did back home. We kept the headlights on throughout the night. We had back-up batteries and a portable generator, so we didnt have to worry about our batteries going dead. We slept in shifts. Four guys were up at all times.
We woke up at dawn and took off again. I was sore all over. I felt even worse today than I had the previous day. As we travelled further away from home, we started seeing more and more zombies. Now we were seeing a constant stream of them coming toward us. Once Id warmed up after an hour of walking and shooting, I started feeling better. It helped that there was a constant stream of zombies coming toward us, which gave me plenty of other things to think about besides how much I hurt.
We were about twenty miles away from Provo when we put up our enclosure again. We then switched to non-suppressed rifles. Within an hour, because of the noise we had thousands of zombies heading toward us. We spent the whole rest of the day nailing these zombies until it got dark. The next morning, we not only had to take down our enclosure but we had to plow thousands of zombie bodies out of our way. This was nothing new to the other SaLTs. We had a plow attachment that could be fastened to the front of the trucks to push the zombie bodies out of the way.
For the first five miles, we didnt see many zombies then they started coming in a stream again. We made another three miles and again set up our enclosure. If zombies hadnt been so scary, this would have been tedious. Some of the other SaLTs who had been doing this since October looked a little bored. It took two more days to make it into Provo. Hiram told us we had gone through two hundred thousand rounds. Almost all of us were good enough shots we hardly ever took more than one round to take out a zombie. We got off the highway and were maybe five miles into Provo when we were met by a group of about thirty men armed with axes. One of them was Keith McKenzie, Art Binghams son-in-law. He told us his wife was fine. Mark radioed Art immediately. You could hear the emotion in Arts voice while he was speaking to Keith.
One of the largest universities in Utah is Brigham Young University. Most of the students at BYU are LDS and they come from all over the world. In the months leading up to the zombie outbreak, worried parents had been telling their children, especially the girls, not to go to school and to stay at home, much in the same way Art Bingham had with my girlfriend. Most of the single girls stayed home and didnt start the fall semester. Male college students tend to follow female ones, so most of the single male students didnt start the fall semester either. The male students that stayed mostly did because they were athletes and didnt want let their team down. Many of the married BYU students also started back up in the fall. BYU has an unusually high number of married students. Normally in the fall, BYU has about 35,000 students. This year, they had less than half the normal number.
The men we met were all from the BYU Sixth Stake. They had been keeping in touch with us by cell phone until the EMP, so they knew how to kill off all the zombies outside their enclosure. Even after the EMP, they had not been attacked by vampires. A few weeks after the EMP, they were able to leave their enclosure and start exploring and gathering supplies. One of the first things they did was try to look for survivors on campus. They knew from talking to our ward to avoid making loud noises and to try to take out the zombies in small groups. They also knew to make zombie traps and habitrails. Up until the EMP, the BYU Sixth Stake had been in contact with students in Helaman Halls.
The LDS Church owns BYU, and in the same way the General Authorities had fortified wards all over the world, many of the dormitories at BYU had been fortified too. In the past, Helaman Halls had been for freshman, but this year was different. Most of the single male student athletes had been assigned to Helaman Halls, which was turned into a male-only dormitory. This dormitory held 2,100 students. Since the zombie outbreak started in the morning of September 11th, almost all the students were in their dorm and were protected from the zombies. This was the only fortified dormitory at BYU that had been able to keep the zombies out. Keiths group had been able to stay in contact with the students in Helaman Halls until the EMP.
When Keith McKenzies group had first scouted out Helaman Halls, it had been surrounded by thousands of zombies, too many of them to take on with just axes. They had come out to meet us and before they brought us back to their ward, they wanted us to help them check out the dormitory. There was something keeping the zombies attracted to Helaman Halls. They were hoping there were survivors. We followed them to the dormitory and saw the enclosure was still up. As we got closer, we could smell the stench of decaying meat. It was December and it was cold, but the stench was still almost unbearable. The smell had attracted a few hundred zombies, which we took down easily.
We called out, but no one came to the fence, so we cut through the gate and walked in. The dormitory was literally splattered with blood. We saw decaying bodies of dead students everywhere. They all had the signs of being killed by vampires. Even though it was daytime and most of the dorm rooms had windows that let daylight in, we placed a SaLT up in the front with a VSG. It was now standard operating procedure when using a VSG to suit up entirely in rubber clothing and boots. Back on November 26th, when Mark used a VSG against a vampire for the first time, he noticed his left foot was only inches away from the vampire as it was being electrocuted. If any part of the vamp had touched Mark, he would have been in deep doo-doo, which explains the rubber suit.
We didnt come across anything living in the dorm. We found the remains of thousands of dead students and three vampire skeletons, all with a knife stuck into one of the eye sockets. These vampires may have been stuck in the heart also, but it was hard to tell with just the skeletal remains. All three of the vampire skeletons were surrounded by bodies of students. It looked like most of the students had been armed with kitchen knives. The students at Helaman Halls had taken their killers with them. A few of these students had probably survived the battle with the vampires, but due to their wounds and lack of medical attention, had died before we could get here.
We locked the dormitory fence behind us. It wouldnt be right to let zombies eat these fallen students. We were all somber. Up till now, none of us had faced with this much death. Zombies cleaned up after themselves. When they killed a person they ate everything. A few scraps of clothing and some splatters of blood were usually the only sign someone had been killed. Dead zombies didnt decay or smell. You got used to them and they simply didnt seem human. Seeing, smelling, and walking among the decaying remains of thousands of dead students made you realize how many people had died in the last few months. Before the zombie outbreak, there had been close to three million people living in just Utah. Now there were only a few thousand. Forget about the numbers of dead in Utah. What had it been like in cities like LA, New York, or Chicago? 
It took another twenty minutes to make it back to the BYU Sixth Stake. There were close to eight hundred people in the Stake. All the surviving adults were young, aged 19 to mid-20s; many of them had babies and toddlers. The Stake President and his counselors hadnt made it to the ward in time. The survivors were making decisions as a council and Keith was one of councilors. The BYU Sixth Stake was actually doing pretty well. They had enough food and water and we gave them twenty suppressed rifles and two VSGs. They already had collected a hundred thousand rounds of ammo. We gave them another fifty thousand, as well as a radio with multiple batteries so they could stay in contact with us. In the next couple of months, when we had more room for them in our ward, they could come up. Right now, they were better off staying here. We took just two pregnant women and their husbands with us because the women were close to giving birth and needed to be near a doctor. We had enough time to make it back before dark. Since we had already cleared a path on the highway getting down here, we were able to get back home in a few hours.
We stayed at home for just one day. Then we were off to check on the Ogden ward we had been in contact with before the EMP. This ward was eighty-plus miles to the north of us and it was slow going. We averaged just ten miles a day and we must have been killing about thirty thousand zombies a day. We also killed two vampires. It was amazing how predictable zombies and vampires were. They always acted exactly the same way. Once you figured out how they reacted, they were easy to kill. It was like they had been manufactured to be perfectly identical in their behavior. The vampires attacked us at night after 1 a.m. and then stood on the metal platform we had provided them when they tried to go for our headlights. It was easy as pie to electrocute them and blow their heads off. We never saw vampires attack as a group after October 10th. The two vampires came at us a couple nights apart.
Whenever there was a ward reasonably close to I-15 as we went north, we stopped to search for survivors and to scavenge for supplies especially ammunition. We were going through thousands of rounds of ammo almost every day. Everyday a few people would find us by following the noise of our gunfire when we had our enclosure up. We didnt have room in our trucks for them, so whenever we found survivors we radioed back home. A vehicle was sent up from Salt Lake City to pick them up. Once we had cleared a lane to drive on, it wasnt a big deal to get a truck up here in less than an hour or so.
When we got to the Ogden ward, there was no one there. The enclosure was still locked. It looked like people had been in the middle of having a meal when they all left at the same time. There were plates and utensils out, with food still left on the plates. The only things missing were all the guns and ammunition. Hiram decided we would spend a couple of days here to try to find out what had happened to the people of this ward. In addition, we were going to spread out and gather as much ammunition as we could find.
Before the outbreak, Ogden probably had a population of around eighty thousand people. We were going through thousands of rounds a day and it wouldnt be long before we would have to start reloading bullets, and maybe even starting making our own rounds from scratch. Since we were up here already and it would probably be months to years before we came back, we decided to go to as many wards and gun shops as possible to look for ammunition and guns. In the course of the day, we got to nine wards and two gun shops. Every single ward and gun shop had already been cleaned out. We didnt find a single living human being.
We killed about forty thousand zombies in Ogden. As always, when we were in our portable enclosure we didnt use suppressed weapons. Normally a few people would find us because of the noise. No one showed up. An hour before dusk, we went back to the ward we started out from. It was spooky going back to a place that looked like it had been abandoned mid-meal, but we wanted to make sure that if anyone from the ward was still around, we would find them. We parked our armored trucks inside the ward enclosure, so we didnt put up our own portable fence. Our trucks were parked facing each other, about fifteen feet apart in an X pattern.
I woke up around 2 in the morning to the sounds of gunfire and shouting. I looked up front. None of the headlights were on and I could see two men up front, shooting. The other men in the truck were waking up. I yelled, What the hell is going on?
One of the two men replied, A vampire took out all our headlights by throwing rocks at them.
I heard Hiram bellow. Hold your fire. Hold your fire. God damn it, hold your fire! There was silence. No one shoot unless you see the vamp. Do not put your eye close to one of the holes in the truck or put your barrel through the holes. One of the men in my truck almost lost an eye because of the vamps claws. If you put your barrel out where the vampire can get a hold of it, it will grab the barrel and beat the hell out of you with your own rifle. You are not stronger than a vampire. If you play tug-of-war with a vampire, you will lose.
I opened up the gun holes on my side of the truck. These were two 2-inch diameter holes sized so you could shoot through one hole and look through your optical sights through the other. The door that kept these holes covered opened from the inside and folded down. As it folded down, it formed a barrel rest about an inch-and-a-half from the opening. Because of the barrel rest, it was easy to keep your rifled centered at the opening. I got a 300 Win Mag rifle out of storage and I started looking for the vamp.
The cold night air entered through the gun hole. It was so quiet I could hear my breathing; my sight started fogging up. Shit! I took precious time and cleaned off my lens. As I was doing this, I could feel the truck start to rise from my side. The vampire was trying to flip us over. I heard gunfire and saw the effects of two high-powered rounds against my side of the truck. There were two spoon-sized dents where the bullets had struck.
The vampire hadnt been hit. I saw it streak to the truck where gunfire had come from. It jumped and landed on top of the vehicle. It started striking the top of the truck, trying to break through. I aimed and shot. I could see it flinch and then jump off the truck into the distance.
Minutes passed. Nothing happened. I heard someone yell. Sarnt Major Rockwell Im going outside with a VSG.
Hiram shouted, Stand down, soldier!
I saw the back of the truck, where the vampire had been, open. Sam Ortega jumped out, holding on to a lit VSG.
Hiram yelled, Turn off the VSG and get back into the truck!
Sam replied, Sarnt Major, I think I see it. Im going to light it up with the limelight.
Because of the limelight, I saw the manhole cover flying through the air toward Sam. It was going too fast for Sam to react. The manhole cover must have weighed over a hundred pounds. The vampire threw this mass of metal like a Frisbee. It hit Sam at his upper chest and cut through him like he was made of butter. It went through his body and then through the open doors of the truck behind him. I could hear the crash of the manhole cover bouncing inside of the truck.
Someone was still alive because the truck doors closed. I heard Frank yell out, Sarnt Major, Im the only guy in here who can still hold a gun. Terry, Sam, and Matt are dead. Larry is unconscious. I think Guss arm is broken.
Hiram answered, Frank, you have to keep an eye out. This vamp is smart. Its trying to flip over our trucks. Somehow its figured out our armor isnt as strong underneath our trucks. Everyone watch out for each other. If you see the vamp trying to flip over our trucks, take it down. Only shoot if you see it and for Gods sake, before you think about doing something stupid, tell me first.
I heard and felt a crash against the doors of my truck. The rear doors bent in. The vampire had thrown another manhole cover at my vehicle. A couple more hits and the door would be trash. Shit, this was getting serious. I cursed. I had jinxed myself a couple days ago by thinking it was easy to take out vampires. All of us in our truck were looking outside, desperately trying to see the vamp.
Nothing happened for about an hour and then our door was hit again. Ten minutes went by, and still nothing happened. I yelled Sarnt Major, one more hit and our door is going to be gone and were going to be sitting ducks. I think the vamp has gone out to find another manhole cover. We need to do something different. We need to get into Franks truck. Have you have anything to say about this plan?
Hiram yelled out, God damn it, I dont have any better ideas. Its good with me.
I said, Frank, are you ready? 
Yes.
Cover us! I motioned the rest of the men out of our truck through the cab door. I was the last one out. Instead of running to Franks truck like the rest of the men, I got down on the ground and crawled up underneath my truck. Ive never been so glad to be skinny.
Hiram said, Jim, what are you doing?
I think I know where the vamp has been standing when its been throwing these manhole covers at my truck. Im going to take it out. If I miss, Ill be bait. Nail the vamp while its reaching for me.
Im no hero. I dont like risking my life, but I couldnt see any other choice. If we didnt take this vampire out soon, we would all be dead. Someone had to be the shooter and someone had to be the bait. Ive never felt time go by so slowly before. It was freezing but I was covered with sweat. I could feel sweat running down my forehead and into my eyes. I was almost hyperventilating and my heart was racing.
I tried to empty my brain of any thoughts. I looked at the place where I thought the vampire had been standing when it threw the two manhole covers at us. There, I saw its eyes. Like most night-time predators, it had reflective eyes. It was close, less than 50 feet away. I didnt have to worry about windage. I aimed. When my rifle went off, it was a surprise; it always is for me when Im shooting well. I knew I had nailed it. I shouted, I think I got it.
I waited a few minutes before I crawled out. I went over to where Sam had dropped his VSG. The limelight was still on. I pointed it at the vampires body and we could all see it was down. I lay the limelight down on the ground so it was pointed at the vampires body and then I emptied my clip into the vampires head. 

Chapter 37: Jim Wright, December 20th to 25th, Year 1
The next morning we cleaned out Franks truck as much as we could. It took a couple of hours to bury our dead. Sam Ortega, Terry Pratt, and Matt Little had died in the initial vampire attack. Larry Snead died a few hours later. Gus Paul had a broken arm. Frank just had a few bruises. Since we had cleared out the highway on our way up here, it only took a few hours to get back home. We told Mark we needed a better design for our armored truck doors.
I expected to be upset by what happened last night. To my surprise, I was fine. Its sad to say, but you can get used to anything, including being terrified and losing friends. All of us who had survived the outbreak had lost so many people and had been terrified so often we all had become numb.
By the time we got back, the entire BYU Sixth Stake had moved into the Downington Ave ward, which was less than a mile north of ours. Before they moved in, a well had been dug, so they had running water, and a re-wired working generator had been set up. My house was right between two occupied wards. Hey, my property value had gone up.
Life is short and what happened in Ogden had shown me that I could die at any time. There was no place where I could be completely safe. I was going to enjoy my life and that meant I was going to get some privacy back. The slight increase in safety I would have by staying in the dormitory was not worth my lack of privacy.
As soon as I got back, I tried to hire someone to make my house vampire-proof. Every contractor I contacted laughed at me. They were all committed to other jobs for months. I was bitching about this to Hiram when he laughed and said I was an idiot. Apparently, all the SaLTs had a deal that whenever one of us needed help on a house, the rest of us all chipped in on one of our days off and pitched in. On one of our patrols, we cut every metal dumpster we could find into pieces with an oxyacetylene torch Id borrowed from Sara Beiger. We used the metal from the dumpsters to entirely encase the parts of my house that were not made of brick or cinderblock. It wasnt pretty but it was effective. We went to the Salt Lake City Zoo and salvaged a bunch of metal fencing that had been used to keep the animals in their cages and enclosures. None of the caged animals had survived the zombies. I bolted these metal fences on the outside of my windows. I put cross-bars on the fences so that zombies and vampires couldnt reach in and break my glass window panes.
Frank moved back in with me. I asked Hiram if he wanted to move in with me also; he accepted. It was awesome to be able to sleep in a private bedroom. The only downside to moving to my own place was Cheryl could only visit during the daytime. It was winter and the days were short. I didnt want to deal with what could happen if she spent the night. It was a pain in the ass to walk her back to her dormitory before it got dark enough to be dangerous. She was working and I was working, so we only got to spend time together on the weekends.
On Christmas Eve, everyone went to church. Bishop Maple held a sacrament service for everyone who was LDS; because of Cheryl, I went to church too. One of our recent arrivals was a Methodist minister; everyone who wasnt LDS went to his service. I guess people tend to cling to religion and guns when things are in the toilet. On Christmas Day, most of us hung out with tight friends and family. The SaLTs were now my family. With me, Frank, and Hiram all in one house, all the guys who were single hung out with us. Cheryl spent most of the morning with her father, sister, and brother-in-law, and then came over. A bunch of her single girlfriends came over with her, which made the guys happy. Mark and Helen visited for awhile. They came and left together. I hope they hooked up. Mark deserved it. Helen Hansen was a firecracker. If Mark pulled any of his usual shit, Helen would kick his ass. I so wanted to see Marks ass kicked.
Before Mark left he told me he and Hiram had decided that I was good officer material and promoted me to Lieutenant. What a day: I started out the day having a roommate that outranked me, and ended up the day outranking him.
Shortly after Mark left, I walked Cheryl home. She talked the entire time. I didnt hear a word she said. I was just nodding in the right places. I realized then that I was happy. I cant remember the last time I was this happy. If theres one thing I learned from the end of the world, its that you cant predict whats going to happen next. The hell with worrying about tomorrow, I was walking with a woman I loved. She might break my heart tomorrow but she hadnt today. I was going to go back to my house after I dropped Cheryl off to drink beers with my new family. This was the best Christmas Ive ever had. 

Chapter 38: Mark Jones, December 25th, Year 1
As I walked out of Jims party with Helen, I turned to her, smiled, and said, Helen, Im sorry if this disappoints you but there are really good reasons why we shouldnt sleep together. 
I had said this totally out of the blue without any warning. She replied, You self-satisfied, narcissistic, conniving, evil, bastard. She was sputtering she was so offended and angry.
Calmly, with an air of slight puzzlement, I said Helen, what gave you the impression I didnt know these things about myself?
She paused in mid-phrase until what I had said registered, and then she couldnt help it: she started laughing. I laughed along with her. After she stopped laughing, she turned to me and said, Ok, you evil bastard, what the hell are you talking about?
Helen, youre an amazing womanintelligent, beautiful, and strong. There just arent many men who have the wattage to be able to stand next to you as an equal. The only two guys around who could possibly be a partner to you, someone who wouldnt always stand in your shadow, are me and Hiram. This is pretty obvious to me and its got to be obvious to you, too. Im just saying that there are a lot of reasons youre better off with Hiram than me.
Helen shook her head with a grin. And those reasons would be?
 My gut impression is that you want a serious relationship and to you, seriousness means monogamy. Its not in me to be monogamous long-term. I might be able to do it for a year or so, but not longer. You might as well know what youre getting if you ever sleep with me.
We had gotten to her room. Helen turned to me and said to me, seriously, Mark, you realize that it will be a cold day in hell before we ever sleep together. Im not even attracted to you.
I smiled back at her so widely my eyes crinkled. Thats great. I am extremely attracted to you but if youre not attracted to me then it will be easy for us to not sleep together. Good night, Helen. Great talk.
As I walked away, I chuckled. I really was an evil bastard. Helen is an alpha female. Alpha females are always attracted to alpha males and the two biggest alpha males Helen knew right now were me and Hiram. I was trying to be celibate right now. I didnt need the distraction of Helen giving me signals. Im not a strong man that way. If an attractive woman wants me, I have great difficulty not giving myself to her. I told Helen the truth. Im not a monogamous man. This would be a problem for her. There would be hell to pay if I slept with her and she figured I had lied to her. By rejecting her in a complimentary way even before anything started, I was preventing a future problem. Who knows, if I did eventually sleep with her, she couldnt say I had ever lied to her.
Why am I trying to be celibate? The best answer is that I had discovered I like being worshipped. Im a narcissist. I love being an object of adulation. Before the zombie outbreak, I had a great life. I had as much money, women, and free time as I could ever desire, but I had always also been bored and constantly looking for new distractions.
I had become a leader to save my own ass; I had known I couldnt survive on my own. Since I started leading, I discovered how much fun it was. Im a thinker and a planner so I had to decide what kind of leader I wanted to be. Most normal men would have been happy in a leadership position to just take care of their own people. Im not normal. What the hell: if I was going to be a leader, why not become the father of a reborn United States of America?
Im a student of history and although there is no shortage of leaders, there have been very few great leaders. There is a huge difference between leaders like Robert Mugabe and Nelson Mandela. Both men are Africans who can legitimately be called the father of their respective nationsZimbabwe for Mugabe and South Africa for Mandela. The difference between the two is Mugabe has ended up almost destroying his country and Mandela has, by his example, given South Africa a chance to last forever. Both of these men fought in their youth to free their countries from white colonial rule and succeeded. Both were elected presidents of their countries, but Mugabe never stepped down, and when he lost the support of his people, he used his secret police and army to keep his power. In the end, by trying to keep control of a country that no longer loved him, he destroyed it economically. He was worse for his country than continued colonial rule.
Mandela, on the other hand, stepped down from presidency at the end of his term and became a role model for all other South African presidents after him. In his lifetime he has become the patron saint of South Africa and everyone in the world and his country loves and respects him. Pretty much anything people think Nelson Mandela wants, they give to him freely. The only way Robert Mugabe could prevent servers and cooks from spitting in his food was to have armed guards watching at all times. I like the idea of being adored forever.
In the history of nations, the only two fathers of their countries that I know stepped down before they outstayed their welcome are George Washington and Nelson Mandela. Theres an endless list of bozos such as Robert Mugabe, Fidel Castro, Saddam Hussein, and Joseph Stalin, who outstayed their welcome. So what separates out the guys like George Washington and Nelson Mandela from everyone else? Most people will say these guys were different because they were saints. This explanation doesnt work for me because I plan to be like them and Im no saint. The explanation that does work for me is that they are smart and everyone else is stupid. I can work with being smarter than everyone else.
George Washington and Nelson Mandela were both smart enough to realize love and respect are much more powerful than fear and disgust. All leaders to a certain degree must be narcissists or they wouldnt want to be leaders. Most narcissists are stupid; Im not.
An opportunity to be a father of a nation doesnt come up very often. It took a zombie and vampire apocalypse to give me mine. As a true narcissist, I wasnt going to let this opportunity pass by. So whats the short cut to being loved and respected? Well, the answer is simple: its being worthy of love and respect. Im realist enough to know any attempt to cheat your way to love and respect takes twice as much effort and ultimately still doesnt work.
Id rather be the guy who leads the right way and then, when its time, steps down and is loved and respected forever, than to be the idiot who stays too long and is hated in his own lifetime by the people who used to worship him.
One of my strengths is to see life as it really is, without illusions. I dont know why people like to have their leaders be celibate or monogamous, but thats the way it is. I dont have it in me to be monogamous but I can be celibate for a while. For the next year I figure I can hold myself to a higher standard until my followers have a chance to form a firm impression of me. After a year of proving myself, as long as I dont do pathetic or stupid things like sleeping with underage children or other mens wives, I could probably go back to my old ways without pissing off the public. I have my flaws but Im not pathetic or stupid. Its hard being me but Id rather be no one else.
I never would have figured an apocalypse would be a blast. Whatever the future holds, damn Im having fun.

*******

Sample of Book II in the Sustainable Earth Series: Death by Revelation 
Prologue 1: Hiram Rockwell, May 2nd, Year 1

Ever since we had been thrown into our cage, the head guard, Leo Buckson had been bragging how he was abusing two recently captured sisters aged 13 and 15. Four days ago, Leo had a permanent change in his lifestyle. He was probably still in bed writhing in pain.
The guards had been dragging one of my men off to be killed and made the mistake of not paying enough attention to me. I had placed myself behind Leo. I put my hand between his legs and ruined him forever.
Within seconds I was swarmed by the other guards. I remember being hit on the head with a billy club before I lost consciousness. I woke up a few hours later with my arms chained behind me, and bruises all over my body. I couldnt see out of my right eye and my nuts were swollen. I had obviously been kicked multiple times in my crotch in revenge. For the past four days the last of my remaining men had been hand feeding me.
We were now down to just me and Max Sutter. When we had been captured twenty-one days ago, there had been ten of us. Every few days one of us had been killed. Even before the zombie outbreak the FLDS or Fundamentalist Latter Day Saints had been complete fucks, practicing incest and polygamy with underage girls. They had constantly been giving us real Mormons a bad name. Since the outbreak they had been out of control, killing or enslaving other survivors.
Both Max and I knew that one of us would die today. Every few days the FLDS fed one of us to a vampire for their amusement. According to them God had placed vampires on Earth to kill sinners. I figured I would be taken today. After what I had done to Buckson, they were never going to unchain me and they were too lazy to bother hand feeding me.
A little after 2 in the morning I was pulled out of the cage and brought into a gymnasium. The center of the gym had been turned into a fighting pit. A 30 foot diameter area was surrounded by steel fencing that went all the way up to the ceiling. There was a hole cut into the top. The gym was lit with kerosene lamps which were too dim to bother a vampire. A couple hundred of the FLDS had gathered on the bleachers to watch me die.
The guards pushed me into the fighting pit, my hands still chained behind me. One of them unchained me through the fence. At first I couldnt lift my arms but I kept moving them. After about five minutes of stretching I was able to regain normal motion of my shoulders.
I was weak. I hadnt had a good meal for twenty-two days. My body was a mass of bruises. I had a constant headache and my balance was still off from being knocked unconscious. My face was so swollen, I couldnt see out of my right eye. I wasnt at my best, but I was going to do my damnedest to take out the vampire that was coming for me.
I had a chance. Director Jones killed a vamp by ripping out its throat, and according to the FLDS, their prophet had killed one too, so it was possible for an unarmed man to take out a vampire.
The Director had been able to take out his vampire because of his speed. Ive sparred with him. Hes almost as fast as a vampire. I know my strengths and weaknesses. Im strong and coordinated but Im not particularly quick. The technique the Director used wouldnt work for me. I started jogging slowly around the pit. I needed to warm up. The only advantage I had against a vampire was my height and weight. Before I was captured I weighed 260 pounds, even with all the weight I had lost in the past three weeks, I probably weighed over 240 and Im still 6 foot 4 inches tall. All the vampires Id had seen in the past weighed less and were shorter than me.
I knew the vampire had arrived by the change in the tone of sound from the crowd. I looked up and saw the vamp diving toward me with its claws outstretched. I reached up and grabbed its left wrist with my left hand and slammed the vampire to the ground. I didnt need to be quick to perform this maneuver. The vampire couldnt fly. It was just falling with style. Its trajectory had been set since it launched from the roof. Being slammed into the ground didnt faze the vampire; it bounced up like a rubber ball toward me.
You can fake speed with anticipation. I knew it was going to do this. I still had a hold of its left wrist. The instant it jumped into the air, I could move its body with minimal effort. I used my grip on its wrist to guide its body as it came at me from the floor. We ended up chest to chest, its left arm trapped between our bodies, my right arm behind its back pulling it toward me in a bear hug. My forehead was at the perfect height to smash into its nose. Its head rocked back from my head butt and as it flexed forward in response to my blow, mouth open to bite my face off, I slammed my left hand into its mouth. I could see the surprise in its eyes as it reflexively bit completely through my hand.
Vampires feed only on blood. They do not eat solids. It opened its mouth to spit out my fingers. As it did, I shoved the rest of my hand and half my forearm down its throat. It tried to bite through my arm. It got to my bones but it couldnt bite through them. The mass of my forearm inside its mouth made it impossible for it to completely bite down. The vampire was much stronger than me but I had all the leverage. Its left arm was trapped between us; its feet were off the ground so it had no traction. I was too close to it for it to kick me. Only its right arm was free but because of how close we were, it didnt have the leverage to claw through my skull, spine, or rib cage. It was able to rip my back muscles into ruin, but it wasnt able to kill me, or make me drop it.
Vampires are basically turbocharged human beings. Their core temperature is much hotter than ours because their metabolisms are so much faster. They are stronger and quicker but they also need more oxygen. It takes about 4 minutes to suffocate a human to death; it took the vampire less than a minute to die.
Once it stopped moving, I let it slide to the ground. I almost passed out. I willed myself awake; I still had things to do. I slammed my heel down on its neck just below the skull. I could feel the vertebrae beneath my heel separate and its head flopped loose on to its side. I slammed my foot down again and again. Each time my foot came down, the vampires head moved a little further away from its body, and the area beneath my foot got thinner. I dont know how long it took, but eventually, its head was crushed away from its body.
The room was completely quiet. I sank to my knees. It was either that or fall. I pointed with my right hand to the FLDS Prophet. The guards had told us he was the chosen one because he had been able to kill a vampire in unarmed combat. I laughed Thats my second vampire, asshole. See if you can match that.
To learn more about Jack J. Lee visit http://www.jackjlee.com.

Appendix A: How We Built Suppressors (Excerpt from lecture given by Jim Wright to students at Salt Lake Academy)
Suppressors work on the basis of two main principles.
1. An enclosed space muffles sound. If you shout into a bucket your voice is not as loud as it would be if you didnt have a bucket.
2. Soft uneven tangled surfaces absorb and deaden sound.
Suppressors cause the sound of a bullet to travel through multiple chambers filled with tangled surfaces. When you make a suppressor you have to make it out of heat resistant material. The gas coming out of the barrel is hot and the suppressor works by converting the energy of sound into heat. Energy can only be transformed not eliminated. The most effective suppressors incorporate plastics and rubbers that absorb sound more effectively than metal but if plastic and rubber are used, the suppressor will stop working after a certain number of shots because eventually excess heat will degrade it.
Every suppressor requires two tubes one inner and one outer. For the inner tube we used cut up barrels from rifles that fired a .270 caliber round; we salvaged these rifles from gun shops and peoples homes. The rifles we were using fired a .223 caliber round. We wanted an inner tube for the suppressor that was slightly larger than the bullet and the .270 barrel was 0.047 inches larger than the bullet we were using. The inner barrel had multiple holes cut into it. For the outer tube we used a particular straight section of the exhaust system of a Toyota Camry. We wanted to make the suppressors on an assembly line and all the parts had to be identical. We then put multiple spacers/washers along the inner and outer tubes making multiple chambers and filled these chambers with a combination of steel wool and rolled up window screens. The steel wool and rolled up window screen created a rough uneven surface to absorb sound. Since steel wool and window screens were made out of metal they did not degrade due to heat. We had hundreds of thousands maybe even millions of zombies to kill. We didnt use any plastic or rubber parts. We were willing to trade decreased sound suppression for durability.
Every combination of a rifle and bullet has different acoustics. The hardest part of making a suppressor was playing around with the size of the different chambers in the silencer and right combination of fillers in the chambers to best muffle the sound.

Appendix B: How We Built Vampire Stun Guns (Excerpt from lecture given by Jim Wright to students at Salt Lake Academy)
We made our first Vampire Stun Guns or VSGs out of a lime light, a 12-volt car battery, a transformer, and an inverter. We used a transformer to increase the 12.6 volts put out by the car battery to sixty thousand volts. Transformers only work with alternating current and a battery has direct current. An inverter was used to convert the direct current from the battery to alternating current.
Before the zombie outbreak, all homes in the US had electrical plugs that put out a current that ranges from 115 Volts to 230 Volts. Many of the electrical devices in these homes needed to have the voltage decreased to operate safely. These devices used transformers. In those days every TV or computer had a transformer on the power cord. The transformer is the small rectangular or square plastic box that is on the power cord. These transformers converted the 115 to 230 volt current coming out of the electrical outlet to a much smaller voltage. For example my old laptop computer needed the voltage dropped down to 14.4 volts. The transformers found on TVs and computers worked in the opposite direction that we wanted to go; they dropped high volts to low volts. In order to make a VSG, we needed to go from low volts to high volts. The higher the volts, the more effective the VSG would be as a stun weapon.
A transformer is an extremely simple device. It is based on the following equation:
Low Voltage x High Amperes = High Voltage x Low Amperes.
The transformer is built around a magnetizable metal core rod, either iron or steel. This core is wrapped with insulation. A washer made out of a very good insulation is placed in the middle of the iron rod splitting in half. Both sides of the iron rod are wrapped with copper wire. If the same amount of copper wiring is on both sides the voltage will not change. If there is a difference in the amount of copper wire between the two sides of the rectangle the voltage changes. In the same way that an EMP transmits electrical energy over distances and through insulation the current in the copper wire wrapped around the iron rod connected to the battery induces or creates an electrical current around the copper wire on the other side of the insulation washer.
The difference in the number of times the copper wire is wrapped between the two sides of the rectangle determines the difference in the change in voltage. The low voltage side has fewer wraps and the high voltage side has more wraps.
Transformers only work with AC or alternating current; this means the current has to move from one direction to the opposite direction in a consistent cycle. All batteries including car batteries provide DC or direct current; this means the electrical current goes in only one direction. To convert DC to AC you need an inverter.
Modern inverters use transistors or semiconductors. Because of the EMP, these types of inverters were no longer available. The lower tech method to making an inverter was to use an electromagnet that is attached to a spring. The spring pushes the electromagnet/spring to one side while the electromagnet pulls this device to the other side. A current turns on the electromagnet which causes it to move against the spring attaching it to another circuit that sends current the opposite direction. The movement of electromagnet disconnects the current going through it which turns it off. This allows the spring to return the magnet back in its original position which then turns the electromagnet back on. The constant movement to the electromagnet and spring back and forth creates a humming noise. As the electromagnet/spring combination swings from side to side the direction of the electrical current shifts directions.

