Treasured Secrets
Book One of the Coveted Saga

Published by C.M. Owens at Smashwords

Text copyright 2014 by Christie M Owens

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction.  Characters, names, places, events, or incidents are products of the author's imagination.  Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead, or to places or incidents is purely coincidental.

*Some content may not be suitable for readers under the age of sixteen.
Chapter 1

Away From Home

Home is where the heart is, but what happens to the heart when the home is gone?

"Aria Weislen, you'd better not still be in bed!" Ash, my sister, yelled at me before crashing through my bedroom door.
Her cheeks were puffed, her eyes were angry, and her irritation was quite comical.  I laughed at her, which only infuriated her all the more.
"Chill," I grumbled while climbing out from under the covers.  "I won't take long to get ready."
She rolled her eyes and released a breath of exasperation.  Her bobbed black hair bristled softly as she silently cursed me with the simple shaking of her head.
I strolled past her, out of the room, and into the bathroom to start the shower.
"Aria, you have to start school tomorrow.  You've yet to acquire ninety percent of your needs.  Your procrastination is giving me an ulcer.  There's no more delaying the inevitable."
I huffed as I finished stripping down and climbed into the shower.  As I shut the curtain, I heard Ash plop down on the countertop of the vanity.  She apparently had no intentions of letting me out of her sight today.
I'd managed to put off starting school for an extra month, though it was a painstakingly dramatic endeavor.  My relentless parents finally forced me out here to Grayford, Massachusetts, and I had to leave behind the only home I'd ever known, just like all four of my siblings, while Mom and Dad stayed behind to finish up their research.
"How long did it take you to get used to... all this?" I asked while lathering my hair, holding back the tremble in my voice.
Ash sighed, her anger subsiding as the sweet sister within her came out of hiding.
"A while.  It's not so bad though, Aria.  It's different - very different - but it's really nice.  At least there's electricity here."  We both chuckled, though a slight sniffle marred my amusement.  "Haluali will always be home, but soon this will feel like another home."
I doubted that.  I felt like an imposition living with my estranged grandparents.  It was an odd arrangement to say the least.  After being here for five days, I still hadn't really bonded with Iris or George.  They were lovely, don't get me wrong, but they were still strangers I barely knew.
For some bizarre reason, my mother - Jaslene - and my father - Alvin - found it necessary to send all of us off to live with Iris and George.  They wanted us to have a senior year in the states - a real American school.
Yep.  At the ripe old age of seventeen, I'd been booted out of the nest.
"The sun is different here.  The sounds, the trees, the air... everything is different.  I wish I had more time to adjust before getting tossed into a school full of people I don't care to meet."
Haluali was a small village which was kept secret from the world, or so it seemed.  It was close to Brazil, but far enough away to keep anyone from finding it by accident.  It was the hideaway most only ever dreamed about.
I spent so much time wandering through the rainforest that seemed to know me as well as I knew it.  My sketchbooks were loaded with all the drawings the leafy giants and sparkling waterfalls had inspired.  It was all I had left anymore - memories and drawings.
The trees... Oh, I missed the trees.  The glorious giants back home did their best to touch the sky.  They'd lace together, twist and turn, even grow into one another with their feral will.  Here... The trees were militant and strategically planted in most places.  The wild was lost, for these short little twigs had been domesticated.
Nothing felt the same, and I simply felt lost.
Ash held her tongue, cautiously planning her words out so as not to make me cry as I had for the past few days.  I hated crying.  Nothing infuriated me more, and until this ridiculous move, I'd rarely ever done such a thing.
As I climbed free from the shower and wrapped up in my towel, I met the softened eyes of my worried sister.
"It'll be okay, Aria.  We're all here for you."  Then she offered me a menacing grin.  "In fact, Jay and Gear are going with us today."
I groaned at the mere mention of my brothers joining us for any reason.  Gear wasn't so bad, but Jay - though I loved him - enjoyed embarrassing the crap out of me every chance he got.
"Don't you guys have jobs or something?  Lives, perhaps?"
She laughed while shaking her head, and then she moved behind me to start combing through my hair.
"We're all working for the family business, you know.  It gives us some perks, meaning we get to ensure our youngest sister goes to school, has all she needs, and enjoys her limited days as an American teenager before she's a woman."
"It's boring here," I grumbled under my breath, making Ash shake her head in frustration.
"That's because you've been hulled up in your room for days on end."
"That's because there's nothing to do.  Iris... I mean... Grandma refuses to let me go anywhere without one of you, and there's nothing but fences and pale flowers inside the gates.  I swear she thinks we're royalty or something."
Ash chuckled, making me eye her with contempt.
"There's so much more here to do than in Haluali."
Not for me there wasn't.  I missed my rainforest, and the sad autumn woods around here only grew in random patches that hadn't been overrun by inhabitants of the human variety.  The leaves were gone, leaving all the limbs naked and shivering with each wind.  It seemed so... wrong.  I traded over my raving green beauty to live in a patchy nest of sickly woods.
"Have you read any of the stuff I brought you?  About the town?  The state?  The frigging country?" she asked, her melodrama back in play.
I glanced at one of the books she had brought over.  It was sitting on top of the vanity, forgotten, just as the rest.
"It's the same stuff I've already read... since you think like Mom," I teased, relishing the fury sparking in her eyes.
"Ha," she mumbled.
"The only thing that piqued my interest was the witches.  Other than that, this place is too dull," I said after a spell of silence, trying to make her laugh.
Apparently this town was once a hotspot for witches, according to all the numerous urban legends.  It's funny how wild a person's imagination can run.  In the few days I'd been here, I had heard more stories of witchcraft than I thought possible.  Everyone who came to visit my socialite grandparents had a story to tell.  It's as though they believed it, caught up in the thrall of the fables meant for children.
Her eyebrow cocked up, and a smirk spread over her perky lips.  "Oh don't worry.  You'll see witches everywhere you go."
The drama in her tone made a giggle bubble out of me unbidden, and we both chuckled together.

By the end of the day, I was ready to knock Jay's teeth down his throat.  He snickered as he put me back down after having carried me over his shoulder down the stairs of the mall.  My face was red, partially because all the blood had rushed to my head, but mostly because I was so furious with the laughing beast of a brother.
"You're such a jerk," I grumbled as he wrapped his arm around me.
"I've just missed you.  Get over it."
I rolled my eyes as I leaned against him, slowly losing the urge to slap him upside the head.  My eyes trailed left suddenly, and I saw something that made me stammer in my footing.
Jay chuckled as he steadied me, but I forgot my brother even existed.  Dark hair, icy blue eyes, and a smile no one should possess were all attached to one perfect creature.  My heart almost fluttered out of my chest.
What's wrong with me?
The unknown guy glided with effortless grace toward a tall, stocky guy, and the two of them leaned over a railing as they spoke.  His red shirt, dark jeans, and too-perfect body all worked to create a masterpiece on a canvas.
"Aria!  Hello!" Jay yelled obnoxiously, acting as if he had been trying to get my attention forever.
I actually jumped a little when the sound resonated, stealing me from my trance.  He tilted his head, and then his eyes went back in the direction where my gaze had drifted.  Fortunately, the unknown guy was already gone.
"Aria.  Jay," Aster, my oldest sister, said as she joined us.
We turned to face her, and she shoved about ten bags into my brother's hands.
"Da... ng," Jay stammered, catching himself before he cursed, acting as though I was nine instead of seventeen.
"I know, right?" Aster said through a giggle.  "Ash has lost all self control.  You should see all the bags Gear is carrying."
I groaned inwardly when I saw my eldest brother and his collection of shopping bags.  He shook his head, obviously irritated, as he neared us.
"Next time, I'll stay with Aria, and you can deal with Ash," Gear griped, his eyes narrowing at Jay.
I couldn't help but laugh, and Jay joined me.  Gear was the oldest and the most irritable.  Aster was the next oldest and the most maternal.  Jay was right in the middle of us five, and he was the cockiest.  Then Ash.  Oh boy.  Ash was the baby for a while before I was born, and she was definitely the most excitable.
"What's everyone talking about?" Ash asked while walking up, credit card in hand as though she needed it for a speedy purchase.
"Shopaholic," Jay teased.
She rolled her eyes, but I became distracted from the conversation when I saw someone familiar.  It was Selesha, Jay's Southern Belle friend who had come with him to Haluali the last time he visited.  I had thought she was his girlfriend, but neither would confirm nor deny.  Instead, she said she was there to protect him.  I remember laughing so hard it hurt.
"Selesha's here," I murmured, pointing with my eyes.
"Selesha?" Jay asked, a lilt to his voice.  "I thought they sent Mc-"
"Selesha," Gear called, interrupting Jay and waving her over.  His eyes scolded Jay for some reason, and oddly enough, my cocky brother backed down.  So weird.
She jogged toward us with a salacious grin on her face, her eyes only finding one focus.  Gross.
Jay blushed and three of my bags fell to the ground when he forgot to hold onto them.  Ash let out a harsh breath, growling almost, and she scooped up the fallen.
"He's all drool and Jell-o now," Ash retorted.  "Thanks, Selesha."
Jay growled at Ash, but she walked away, dragging me behind her as the sparks flew between the sweet southern girl and my dissolving brother.  What was Jay going to say?  Why did Gear look mad?
Before I could seek answers, I saw that same guy again, and I started feeling as goofy and ridiculous as I had witnessed Jay act.  My lips parted, my heart fluttered, and this hoard of butterflies slammed into my stomach in waves of repetition.  He was alone this time.  The stocky guy had disappeared, and now this masterpiece was talking on a phone, oblivious to me.  Who was he?
Right as we were seconds away from being close, Ash violently veered my path.  At the last possible second, my eyes found his, and I thought I was going to unravel.  All it took was a split second to become putty.
I was starting to realize how completely inexperienced I was.  Everyone prepared me for my life here through books and lectures.  I passed my driver's test, got my license, and even managed to excel.  I had studied all the month's worth of work I'd missed at school, and I was ready to face the scholarly challenge.  I'd been given makeup sessions, hairstyling courses, and lessons on matching my attire.
I was prepared for everything... I thought.
Chapter 2

Dealing With the New

Change is hard for everyone, but change is necessary to truly live and grow.

As the night descended upon us, the rough, exhausting day seemed to be over.  We rose from the table at the restaurant and started to leave, when I saw that same beautiful guy I had seen at the mall.  My heart sunk when I saw the girl he was with.
Her arm was linked with his, and she was smiling as her silky blonde, almost white hair flowed to her waist.  She looked a little older, possibly early twenties.  I thought he was closer to my age.
"What're we looking at?" Gear asked while tossing his arm across my shoulders as everyone started heading out to the vehicles.
"Not... nothing," I said with a tremble.
I swallowed hard, trying not to let my eyes gawk any longer.  I turned to him just as his wife, Olivia strolled up to his side.  She smiled warmly at me.  She was petite, much like the rest of us.  Her golden ringlet hair was soft and bouncy.
"You look like you're ready to start school," Olivia said with her gentle grin.  "New hair, new clothes, new shoes... new you."
Ash had murdered my long hair that had reached my waist.  Now it barely draped past my shoulders.  My clothes.... ugh.  I wasn't used to the tight jeans with purposely placed gashes and fray.  They're brand new and look to be years old.  Apparently aged denim was a fashion statement - though I had no idea what statement it could possibly make.
The shirts were either really tight or flowing and loose - nothing in between.  Tonight, Ash had put me in a white shirt that fell from one shoulder.  Again, no clue as to why this was fashion.  It seemed like someone messed up on the pattern and made one sleeve too long.
"Yeah.  A new me," I said through a hoarse whisper.
My eyes drifted back to the guy.  He was heading toward the game room attached to the restaurant.  I just wanted to... I don't know what I wanted to do.
As Selesha and Jay walked by, I turned back to Gear.
"Can I meet you outside?  I just need to use the restroom," I lied.
"Sure.  You can ride back with us."
I nodded and headed toward the restrooms, but as soon as they exited, I changed course and headed into the game room.
What am I doing?  What am I thinking?
An array of mixed emotions swirled around and tormented me as I sought to find answers for my irrational behavior.  Without my permission, my eyes sought him out of their own accord.
"Oh this is stupid," I mumbled when I couldn't find him.  Had I gone crazy?
I turned around and slammed into something that smelled like heaven, felt like a rock, and burned me through to my core.  I gasped, taken aback from the colliding onslaught of sensations.
Icy blue eyes stared into mine, and my heart tried to leap into my throat.  My legs became rubber, doing their best to fold beneath me.
"Excuse me," he murmured with a smirk, letting his delicious voice find my wanting ears.
My mouth dried, words refused to form, and my attempt to look like anything but a fool failed miserably.
"E...ex...cuu...s..."  Yep.  Pathetic.  I know.  But that's all I could muster.  My IQ plummeted in that instant, and I became an unintelligible ball of mush.
He smiled bashfully then, apparently realizing I was gawking shamelessly.  I couldn't stop though.
"You okay?" he asked after a few seconds of uncomfortable silence, and I blushed fiercely, still unable to speak anything of any sense.
A squeak left my lips in place of the words I wanted to say, and he chuckled lightly.
"Okay then.  I need to get back to my family," he said softly, smiling as he passed me by.
A lost opportunity crumbled before me, and I shivered in his wake.  How did I just manage to completely unravel and humiliate myself?
I turned to see him joining the slim blonde and the stocky male from earlier, and he glanced over his shoulder at me.  Family?  Does that mean she's his sister or cousin?  Why the crap do I care?
Growing more and more frustrated with myself, I finally forced my eyes to tear away.  I headed outside to see Gear on his way back in.
"There you are.  I was getting worried."
I noticed Aster and her husband were still there as well, but I didn't know why.
"Sorry.  I thought I'd check out the game room for a second.  Aster and Chris waiting, too?"
He glanced their way, and then turned his eyes back to me.
"Yeah.  Let's get back home."
Home.  It sounded like such a foreign and meaningless word here.  It still didn't feel like home.  I missed Haluali.
When we pulled up to the massive home, I groaned loudly, which provoked a chuckle from Gear and Olivia.  There were cars everywhere.
"Really?  She's going to have a party this late?"
"It's only seven," Olivia said, shrugging.
"It's customary to see in the new by inviting over all the old," Gear muttered, offering me a wink.
"Great.  Let's throw the antisocial hermit into the middle of the socialites."
Gear coughed out a laugh, and then he shook his head.
"You'll do fine.  Besides, you're about to be in a school.  A real school.  You need the socialization.  Consider it practice for tomorrow.

"There you are," Iris said as she sat down beside me, joining me on my bed.
I had slipped out of the party and made my way to the room.  Too many people down there liked hugging, and I wasn't much of one for being touched by strangers.  It was easy to avoid both of my grandparents, considering the third floor of the house could have been an apartment and it was all mine.
"Hey," I murmured meekly, staring at the photos of my old home.
She sighed out hard and took one of the pictures to study herself.  "I know you miss it, but it will get better.  I promise."
I held back the teetering tears and slapped on my brave, unaffected face the best I could.  I hated feeling offensive, and I'm sure Iris and George both thought I was an ungrateful brat.
"It's just an adjustment," I muttered dismissively, though the strain in my throat sold me out.
Her aged, soft hand grabbed mine, and she stroked my cheek with her other.  Since I'd been there, this was the closest we'd sat.  She actually felt like a grandmother at that moment.
"Arisianna," she said softly, using my full name like only my mother did.  "Change is hard for everyone, but it's necessary to grow and live.  One day, you'll understand all this.  For now... how about a story?"
That piqued my interest.  In Haluali, there was storytelling at least once a week.  There were stories of magic, powers, unfathomable darkness and beguiling light.  I was curious what sort of story Iris would tell.  It had become obvious she was just as superstitious as my old tribe.
"Sure.  What sort of story?" I asked, leaning forward.
Oddly enough, it was the first time I'd felt comfortable at Bradbury Manor.  Some semblance of home came with the simple promise of a story.
"One of magic, of course.  One about us.  Our family.  Our legacy.  Knowing where you come from helps you discover where you're going."
I chuckled lightly.  Magic.  Iris was so eccentric that I believed she really did swallow the possibility of real magic.  Nevertheless, I loved the stories that were wrapped around the impossibility.
"So we have magic?" I asked, secretly teasing her.
She smiled, and for a second, I swear I saw crescent moons in her eyes.  I blinked furiously, trying to see if it was real.  Apparently my tears had glazed over my eyes enough to play with my vision because the moons were gone.
"Magic surrounds us all."
And so it began.  I heard of Isis Bradbury, the first conductor for magic.  A woman with a pure light and a warm heart who fought against the dark forces of Dramus Craymon and his men.  The dark forces were draining witches of their essences, stealing their strength before they gained their immortality.
Isis found her soul mate, Merlin, who then became the first mortal to achieve immortality.  The pair became two swords for the same cause - keep the innocent safe.
Life or death has a way of putting things into perspective, and it's necessary to have in any good story, so Iris's story certainly poured on the consequences, making it sublimely enthralling.
I hung on the edge of my seat as she spoke with the drama needed to push the story over the edge.  My heart thudded with each description of the powerful magic beings she presented with such conviction.  My breath was stolen when she spoke of the wars and deaths that came with them.
Blazers who controlled fire.  Electrics who shot out streaks of powerful energy.  Healers who saved and took life in the same breath.  Elementals who controlled the winds, the waters, the earth itself.  Drainers who stole your memories and left you in a heap of lost confusion.  Shape shifters called changers who betrayed the good force to be in league with the dark.  It was amazing.
Soul mates and destiny.  Ah.  It was a romance and a suspenseful tale in one.  Allora, Dramus's soul mate, was killed to weaken him, but he ran instead of fighting to save her.  Merlin loved Isis too much to desert her.  They were stronger together because of their bond.  It was enough to make me sigh in dreamy bliss.
Dramus was the best villain I'd ever heard of, and Isis was the most sensational heroine I'd ever envisioned.  One thing was for certain, Grandma Iris new how to tell a story.
But the exciting story turned sad, stealing my breath with a painful resolve as it came to a close.  Tears filled my grandmother's eyes as she stared off into space.  It almost seemed like a memory instead of an old fable.  Her voice cracked, her breath rattled, and her body tensed as she uttered the last few words.
"Merlin fell, along with three of Isis's children.  It seemed as though Dramus would win the war.  But then Isis threw herself at Dramus, surprising everyone.  She latched on, and then the darkness lit up with the explosion that ensued.
"A powerful eruption threw them all back, and it decimated the remaining followers Dramus had with him.  The scales had been tipped, the war was over, and the light had won, but the cost was grave.  Only two of her children survived, and Isis and Merlin were no more."

Ashes littered the air, and a blazing battlefield roared with dark figures swarming all around.  Bright, blinding lights surrounded a indefinably beautiful woman whose name I did not know.
She had exquisitely long blonde hair, and she was filled with the utmost grace and elegance, despite the war that was raging on around her.  She was fighting against the dark atrocious shadow soldiers that were thundering toward her with a vicious, insatiable appetite for destruction and death.
They were soulless and merciless as they obliterated all those blocking their path to her.  The undeniable pungent smell of death surrounded them as they continued on with their terrifyingly ferocious attack.  The monsters only seemed to grow as they made their way toward her.
Rain pounded on them all like downward flying daggers as the battle grew more fierce between the monsters and the woman.  She was throwing swirling blue fire and streaks electricity at them.  She was bending the wind to do her will as it pushed against the dark forces like an impenetrable wall.
It was almost like watching a dance as she leapt from place to place, launching her attacks.  She was so amazingly agile as the power flowed through her with such indescribable intensity.  She flew through them almost effortlessly, it seemed.
Then the darkest shadow of them all stood before her suddenly.  He was the epitome of evil itself, and he destroyed everything around her with one massively destructive blow.
She screamed and cried out in agonizing pain when it seemed all had been lost.  She threw herself at him and a colossal blinding white light suddenly erupted into the air with a deafening boom as the earth rattled beneath it.
Very slowly, the smoke began to settle.  The light gradually faded until it was gone.  There was still a slight bit of smoke obstructing my view when the woman finally turned back around, but it was no longer her it was me, and I spoke through an echoed tone.
"Save them all."
Chapter 3

School and ... Boys

You only get one chance to make a first impression.

The alarm buzzed in my ear with such deafening and terrifying annoyance.  I actually fell out of bed from the startling panic it had created.  I felt foolish as I climbed to my feet and turned it off.
I never had to use an alarm before.  It was a horrible little invention.  Who wants to be scared awake?
My wild dream had left me restless for the rest of the night.  No more bedtime stories from Iris on a school night.
I got ready, wearing the ensemble that Aster and Ash had laid out for me.  Then I went and applied my makeup, just as I had been instructed to do.  I wondered idly if Iris was going to drive me or let me drive one of their vehicles.
As I made it down the stairs, everyone was waiting for me.
"Do you guys ever go home?" I asked to my siblings.
They all chuckled as they came to stand behind Iris and George.  "We had to see this," Jay said, a big smile on his face.
"See what?  Me on my first day of school?  That's so... embarrassing."
They all chuckled and shook their heads.
"We have a surprise for you," Iris said, sounding giddy.
"A surprise?  Grandma, you've done enough.  More than enough.  I think you've spent more money on me than most people make in a year."
"That's what happens when I have a lifetime to make up for."
I huffed slightly, considering I hated feeling on display.  I studied the crescent moon in the center of the eye that was etched into the fennel on the banner of the staircase.  It seemed like a good focus point while they all gawked at me.
"Come on, girl," George said excitedly, startling me.
"Oh," I murmured, not realizing the surprise they spoke of was elsewhere.
I warily followed them outside, uncertain about what was going on, until I saw a BMW SUV with a bright red bow tied on top of it.  A gasp followed my realization, and I whipped around while shaking my head.
"I can't.  It's too much."
"You can and you will," George said with a wide grin.  He looked like a child at Christmas right then.
"This had to have cost a fortune.  Don't give me a car.  Give me a bus pass or something."
They both chuckled, seeming wildly amused by my adamant refusal of such a lavish gift.  George continued on as though this wasn't an absurd gift.
"You've spent too long in the jungle, it seems.  This is what grandparents are supposed to do - spoil their grandchildren.  You should feel like a princess.  Now, let's eat some breakfast before you head off."
My jaw remained unhinged.  The two of them were the craziest pair in the world to be giving me something this expensive.  I barely had my driver's license.  I'd only ever driven on old narrow dirt roads in the rust bucket jeep we had in Haluali.
Jay clapped my back too forcefully, which threw me forth, and Chris - Aster's husband - caught me at the last second before I flew off the porch.
"Easy, Jay!" Aster scolded.
I coughed on a new breath, surprised by what the hell had just happened.
"Shi... I mean, shoot.  Sorry, Aria.  I'm so sorry.  I didn't mean to-"
"It's fine," I mumbled, ignoring the burning handprint on my back.  "Ease off the steroids though."
Everyone chuckled uneasily, and a slight awkwardness settled in the air as we made our way back inside.
"You okay?" Jay asked sincerely, regret in his eyes.  "I didn't mean to do that so hard.  I was just going to slap you on the back... a congratulatory thing."
"I'm fine.  Stop treating me like I'm so fragile."
Of course, I felt pretty fragile right then.  It wasn't exactly common to have someone knock the wind out of me.
Normalcy resumed when Ash and Jay began bickering.  That's one thing I didn't miss when they moved out.  They left almost the exact same time to come back to the states, even though Jay was a year older.  Ash was eager, not resistant like me.
Iris finally brought the annoying argument to a halt by separating them as though they were children.  I laughed while walking over to Jay.  I studied the newlyweds, both sets.  Aster and Chris were lost in a silent conversation as they stared into one another's eyes.  Gear and Olivia were resting in each other's embrace while swaying lightly to an unheard melody.  It seemed so natural.
"So, when you getting married, hot shot?"  I asked Jay, nudging him playfully and instantly regretting it when my elbow tried to crack against his steeled ribs.
"Ha!  You're funny.  I'm in no hurry, there, jungle girl.  I like my sweet little bachelor life."  He put his head down, bashfully grinning.  His dimples showed with so much definition when he smiled.
Ash snorted.  "Yeah, he thinks he's a real stud," she said sardonically while rolling her eyes and drinking a sip of coffee.  Then with even more sarcasm, she continued, "Not trying to say that his ego may be a little overly inflated or anything."
Jay scoffed, casually brushing off her insult.  "Yeah, well, I do have Bradbury genes, and Weislen, too - makes it hard for the ladies to keep their hands to themselves.  I guess the men don't care too much though, because they sure haven't been beating down your door."
Jay started laughing so hard that his body was shaking from it.  Then he ducked quickly as a biscuit when zooming over his head.  It missed him and splattered against the wall.
"Ashiara, clean that up right now," Iris admonished, chiming in to end the playfully heated argument between Ash and Jay.
Then Iris turned her attention to Jay.  "Jaymondian, you shouldn't be so cavalier about your love life.  And you shouldn't tease your sister.  She's waiting on the ideal guy for her.  Soul mates are important, you know."  Her eyebrows were raised to complement her scolding tone.
"Yeah, well, I don't know if anyone could deal with her melodramatic attitude, so she may be waiting a while."   Jay couldn't resist getting the last word in as he laughed at Ash who was still picking up pieces of the biscuit off the floor.  It seemed like I was smelling smoke, but there was no fire.
In a worried tone, I raised my concern to the rest of the group.  "Does anyone else smell smoke?"
Everyone seemed to glance toward Ash for some odd reason.  She shook her head, lightly cursing under her breath, and then suddenly I couldn't smell it anymore.  Ash finally acknowledged my suspended question since no one else seemed to want to.
"The only thing I smell is a good for nothing, rotten brother."  Then she stood up, still holding the particles of busted biscuit, and incredibly quickly shoved the crumbs in Jay's face, rubbing them all over him.  It seemed like she moved as fast as lightning.
Everything got graveyard quiet until I spoke.  "Wow, Ash.  You're a lot faster than I remember.  Guess a lot more has changed than I realized."
Everyone seemed to breathe out a sigh of relief.  I wasn't sure what was up with that.  I noticed something odd, too.  Ash had a tattoo of the crescent moon inside the eye, just like all the markings around the house.  It was in the center of her inner wrist.  Jay's tank top revealed he too had the same tattoo.  It was on his back shoulder blade.
I chuckled lightly at the peculiar find - a mocker's fantasy gem.  "What's up with that?"
Jay tilted his head as he responded with a quizzical tone.  "What's up with what?"
I laughed again.  "Did you two really get matching tattoos?"
Ash touched her wrist in an awkward fashion.  Then Jay grabbed his exposed shoulder as if he was uncertain about what to say.  Everyone was somewhat reluctant to speak, it seemed.  An unexplainable shift occurred, bringing a thick tension to taint the air.
I noticed Aster was pulling her shirt together a little tighter, and Gear was tugging at the bottom of his shirt as well.  It was all very baffling.
Finally, a smile spread across Jay's face as he spoke with an overly teasing tone.  "What can I say?  Ash was always following me around.  She had to do whatever I did."  Ash glared at him as his teasing persisted.  "Personally, I think it's kind of cute that she wants to be like her big brother.  They say imitation is the highest form of flattery."
The stove that Jay was leaned against sparked and a flame erupted onto his pants.  I gasped and shrieked in one breath, but I seemed to be the only one to react, other than Jay who violently slapped his leg to put out the blaze.
Ash even let out a comical remark.  "Liar, liar, pants on Well, you get the idea, big brother."
Jay scowled at her as the last bit of the fire seemed to extinguish itself.  He started to walk toward her as his face turned an angry crimson.  A few pops rang out, bringing the his stalk to a halt.  I shrieked when glass shattered all around.  Light bulbs?  Light bulbs were bursting simultaneously in every room around us.
Yet again, it seemed like I was the only one who was concerned with the crazy occurrence.  Iris merely rolled her eyes at the entire thing.  George huffed in aggravation.  No one at all even seemed the least bit surprised.
Jay's shoulders dropped slightly as he spoke with a scolded child sort of tone.  "I'll get the broom."
Then Ash smirked as she replied with a more chipper and somewhat unjustifiably victorious tone.  "I'll clean up the remnants of Jay's pants that are all over the floor now."  I swear she seemed to enjoy the fact his pants caught on fire.
Jay walked on by, cursing as his charred pants kept dropping little pieces behind him.  How did his leg not get burned?
I voiced my frustration for the complete indifference everyone was showing for the crazy things that had just occurred.
"Would someone please tell me why Jay's pants caught on fire and then every bulb down here bursts, and yet I'm the only one who even batted an eye?" 
Everyone just stared around the room in the same awkward fashion as before.  Everyone kept looking at each other, waiting on someone else to answer.  Gear was the one who broke the uncomfortable silence by answering my question with a deceitful sort of tone, followed with a distraction, his usual fashion.
"Aria, these things happen all the time around here.  You'll get used to it.  The electricity in this house is old, and the stove has been needing to be replaced for a while.  You should probably get going.  School starts in less than thirty minutes."

My mind went blank very abruptly when I saw the high school just a few hundred yards away.  My stomach grew tense with knots.  I had no idea what to do or where to go.  I only had one thought come to my mind - Oh, this is going to suck.
I pulled into the parking lot in my shiny, expensive BMW, and everyone gawked in the most conspicuous way.  Not in a good way either.
"No, not awkward at all," I grumbled to myself.
George said he wanted me to feel like a princess.  You need a lot of confidence to feel like a princess, and confidence was something I certainly lacked, especially at that moment.
I parked beside a group of girls who snarled at me with distaste.  One girl acted disgusted with just the sight of me.
"Well, I guess I won't be their b.f.f.," I said sarcastically to myself while rolling my eyes.
Then my passenger door flew open and an unfamiliar voice rang out as a girl jumped in.
"It's going to be hard to be anybody's b.f.f. if you're sitting around talking to yourself."
She was perky to say the least.  Now I worried about who else might have heard me.  Apparently my car wasn't very soundproof if she was able to hear that remark from outside.
Her bright blue eyes were gleaming with pure excitement.  She had blonde, super straight hair that stopped at her chin.  She was dressed similar to the way I was, but she looked more comfortable and much cuter than I did.
"So My name is Taryn, and you're Arisianna, right?"
She smiled at me, waiting eagerly for me to speak.  I stuttered slightly, unsure of how she knew my name.  "Ye...yeah."  I shook my head, still confused, but then I continued.  "Actually, I prefer Aria.  How do you know my name?"
She was so bubbly, like a little kid.  "Your grandma told me.  I tried to talk to you last night, but you were so swarmed with people that I never got a chance."
Just as I was about to reply to her, another person jumped in the backseat.  It was a guy - an incredibly jaw-dropping cute guy.
"Sweet ride, Arisianna," he said, sounding too charming for such a mundane greeting.
He had blondish brown hair in a shaggy cut that swept across his brow.  He had brown eyes, and a tattoo was on his forearm of a star wrapped in barbwire.  His biceps were bulging with definition.  His shirt clung tightly to his sculpted abdomen.  He smiled with teeth so white it was nearly blinding.  Confidence exuded from him as he casually made himself comfortable in my backseat.
I was completely dumbfounded by these two.  They acted like it was perfectly normal to just jump in my car and start talking to me like they knew me.  I had no idea who they were though.
"Yeah Thanks?"  I was incredibly confused.  "I prefer Aria, actually."
He had to have heard the bewilderment in my voice, but he chose to ignore it, despite my attempts to make it obvious.
He grabbed my iPod and changed the song as he read through some more.  "Sweet tunes, too."  He acted as if he had known me my whole life.
"Who are-"  Before I finish my question, he answered it.  He was drumming on his knees with his hands to the beat of the song he had changed it to.
"McKee.  We would have met last night, but all the adults hogged you.  Your grandma said we should show you the ropes, since you're new in town and don't know anyone in school.  It's cool though.  Most everyone is familiar with the Weislen/ Nelson/ Bradbury family."
Bradbury was my grandma's maiden name.  She still introduced herself with it.  Iris Bradbury Nelson.  She claimed that it was a special name and deserved to be heard.
"Mmm... okay.  So, I guess we should get in there," I said, wondering if they were planning on hanging out in my car all day.
"Sure.  We can walk you to your first class," Taryn chimed in with her bubbly little voice.
"Yeah, what's your schedule look like?"  McKee asked, still sounding casually charming.
I found myself wondering if he and Taryn were a couple.
"I have Calculus first, Spanish second, Economics third, and physical education last."  I thought it was funny they gave me Spanish as a foreign language class, considering I was fluent.
"Yeah, no sweat.  I got Calculus first, too, and my sister has Spanish second, so that's covered.  Third, I have English, which is right beside the Economics class, and last I have phys. ed. as well, so it looks like we should be good."  His tone was chipper as he grabbed my bag to carry it for me.
We all headed toward the school.  I was trying not to fall face-first on my first day, but Taryn had the perfect sexy-swing walk down to an art.  McKee had a confident and suave strut.  Nice to know Taryn was his sister.
He was very... um... too cute, and different from the guys I was used to back home.  He still wasn't anywhere nearly as hypnotically beautiful as the guy I made myself look like a fool in front of.
Taryn waved as she walked in the opposite direction from us.  As we walked down the hallway, I saw girls glaring at me with envious, cruel stares.  I guessed McKee was a coveted guy around there.
A tall guy walked right up to us as we stopped at my locker, which I never would have found by myself.  The school was frigging huge.
The unknown guy was equally as sculpted as McKee, just not as handsome in the face.  He was still somewhat attractive.
His voice was evenly toned and stern as he spoke very seriously.  "Is this the Weislen girl?" he asked, sounding haughty and imperious.
He wasn't even speaking to me or looking at me.  It was incredibly rude and obnoxious.
McKee smiled and responded in his still upbeat voice.  "Yep.  She's cute, huh?"
Holy crap.
I blushed fiercely.  The guy seemed unimpressed by McKee's comment about my appearance... and me.  "Just remember what Iris said."  Then he stormed off.
"Who was that?"  I could hear the frustration in my voice.  I didn't appreciate the rudeness first thing in the morning.
"Oh, that's Everett.  He's cool, just a little intense.  But you definitely want him on your side when you're in a bind."  Then he raised his eyebrows up and down as he spoke.  "So, you ready to start your first day, Aria?"  The more confidence he leaked, the more girly I found myself acting.
"I guess I have no choice.  I've come too far to turn back now."  I half smiled as we headed to class.
It was so crowded.  McKee pointed to the seat beside him.  The teacher went on to explain the work we were about to do after he stumbled and stammered over my name.  My mother thought it necessary to give all five of her children every multi-syllable, mouthful name she could find.  I'm glad my dad found a way to shorten our exhausting travesties.
I finished the assignment within twenty minutes.
I realized everyone was still working, including McKee, so I pulled out a book to read while I waited.  The teacher stared at me impassively, though I could tell he was measuring my actions.
"Ms. Weislen, are you confused by the assignment?" he asked, showing his suspicion.
Crap.  All eyes on me.
"No, Mr. Leeson.  Im finished."  My voice was shaky as I stuttered nervously.  It was incredibly uncomfortable and extremely nerve-racking to be called out in the middle of class.
His look seemed to become even more suspicious now.  Several students turned to look at me, staring at me as though I was a beast with two heads.  One girl even rolled her eyes at me and snorted derisively.
I squirmed awkwardly in my seat when I became an unwilling spectacle.  Finally, Mr. Leeson spoke with uncertainty in his voice.
"Well, then you need to turn in your work."  He sat back in his seat and crossed his arms over his chest as he waited for me to bring my work up to him.
I walked slowly, hoping not to trip and make this even more awkward and embarrassing than it already was.  I handed him my work and went back to my seat with a bit more haste.
I continued to read my book.  A few minutes later, a shadow leaned over me, disrupting my light.  I looked up and Mr. Leeson handed me back my paper, graded.  I hadn't gotten a single question wrong.
"Impressive, Ms. Weislen."
He smiled at me admirably.  I let out a sigh of relief.  I looked over at McKee, who looked up just as I did and flashed me a smile.

The bell sounded, finally, letting us know it was time to go.  Mr. Leeson had assigned us homework, but I had already finished it and turned it in on my way out the door.
He smiled at me, shaking his head and snickering slightly.  However, this time he seemed pleased.  I just smiled back.
McKee came up and draped his arm around my shoulders, giving me a couple of butterflies.  "I guess I know who my calculus tutor will be."  Then he laughed.  "Spanish is next though, and I had it last year.  It's pretty tough."
I laughed a bit at his comment before I responded.  "I'm actually fluent in Spanish.  So I should be okay, I guess."
I didn't feel as confident about that as I should have.  I didn't want to sound overly confident, and then find out I didn't know as much as I thought I did.
"Wow.  I'm thoroughly impressed right now.  Why are you fluent in Spanish?"
His arm was still draped around my shoulders, and the stares from the other girls were even more hateful than they had been earlier.
I tried to ignore the death glares I was getting as I replied to him.  "I lived in South America my whole life."  I could feel myself blushing from his appraisal.
"Did you have to get a green card or something to come here?"  He nodded at Everett walking by.  He was staring intensely at McKee and me.
I could hear the distraction in my voice.  "No, my mom"  I trailed off for a moment and then finally I broke away from thinking of Everett's peculiar behavior, cautiously watching him pass us completely before continuing.  "My mom came back home every time to have us, so that we would be U.S. citizens.  So I have a birth certificate, a social security number, a driver's license, now... the whole nine yards."
His lips turned down in a quizzical manner.  "But no accent?"
I shrugged, understanding his curiosity.  It was a valid point.
"Well, my mom and dad grew up in the states.  They were the ones who taught me to speak, so I guess I just adopted their dialect instead of the locals.  Not to mention, there were a lot of other Americans in the village I lived in."
"Not much of a South American tan either," he said, motioning to my golden skin.
It was true.  I didn't have the deep, rich tan the natives did, but I wasn't pasty either.  It almost felt as though he was questioning my honesty.  I didn't like that.
"No one in my family tans very well.  This is about as dark as we get."
He nodded in acceptance of my answer and then spoke casually as he leaned up against the lockers.  "So where in South America did you grow up?"
I started to feel interrogated.
"It's kind of hard to explain."  I didn't know why, but I didn't really feel comfortable explaining.  Thankfully, I didn't have to try to explain.  His arm slid off my shoulders as Taryn ran up to us excitedly.
"My turn.  Spanish is this way."  She grabbed my hand, dragging me away from McKee.  I waved at him.  He smiled before disappearing into a classroom.

Spanish was even easier than calculus had been.  As soon as the bell rang, Taryn jumped up and ran to my side.
"I'll just walk you to economics since it's on the way."
I was somewhat disappointed about that proposal, given that McKee said it was right beside his class.  I assumed he would walk me there.
I wasn't used to being around guys I was attracted to.  In Haluali, there were only a few my age and they were more like brothers.  There really were quite a few American kids like me there - children of the fellow scientists from my mom and dad's team.
I never had any romantic feelings towards any of them.  So this was different from anything I'd felt before.  I really wasn't sure how to be attracted to someone, so I wasn't sure what it was that I was feeling.  It wasn't the heart-stopping, drooling disaster I had encountered with the mystery guy.
I was lost in thought as we stopped by the lockers.  I felt two hands grab my waist and whirl me around.  It was McKee.  My stomach did a slight somersault as I stared into his amazing eyes.  They glistened with excitement as he spoke with such a cool tone.
"Are you ready for lunch?"
I had forgotten all about lunch, and apparently, so had Taryn.  I'd been so nervous all day that I hadn't even felt hungry until he mentioned the promise of food.  I was hoping my stomach wouldn't growl while I spoke.
"Yeah, I'm famished."
I looked around to see where Taryn went.  Then I saw her come swishing back up.  Her perkiness was still intact as she replied with a bit of silliness in her tone.
"Yeah, I just remembered it's lunch time.  Come on, let's grab some grub."
We headed to the cafeteria.  McKee led us through the line.  He kept finding ways to touch me.  I wasn't complaining though.
I grabbed an orange and some fruit salad - comfort food that reminded me of home.  I paid for my food and headed toward the table where McKee and Everett were sitting.  But I suddenly felt an uncontrollable compulsion to turn around.
Chill bumps flooded me without mercy, and my heart tried to explode.  It was him.  The guy I had spent hours trying to get out of my head.
Even from across the room, his eyes looked mesmerizing.  His skin was smooth and toned.  His lips were perfectly shaped and his body was brilliantly sculpted.  He wasn't muscled up with bulk like McKee, but he had lean muscle.
His lean body glided across the floor so eloquently.  His hair looked so soft and styled very sexy with some messy touches.
He had on a light blue, button-up shirt, but it was undone so that it showed the black tee underneath.  He had on fitted blue jeans that looked as if they had been made specifically for him.
He was biting into a pear as he sat down with some other guys.  I supposed he felt me staring at him, because he turned around and his eyes became locked with mine.  I wasn't sure how to react.  I was frozen and staring like a fool... again.
I'd secretly been begging for a chance of redemption, and here I was squandering it away.  I definitely understood the whole deer in headlights thing now.
He just confidently stared back with a small, cocky smirk.  I forgot there was even anyone else in the cafeteria.  Finally, a voice snapped me out of it.
"Aria?  Are you okay?"  It was Taryn.  "Did you see something?"  Her tone almost sounded alarmed.
I could feel myself still distracted by Mr. Marvelous as I replied, "Umm yeah.  I mean Who's that guy?"  My eyes pointed to the marvel I had just been staring at - or mindlessly gawking at, rather.  He wasn't looking at me anymore, thankfully.
She smiled and her bubbly tone returned.  "That's Tallis Verdan.  He started here last year.  His brother graduated from here a few years ago, but Tallis just transferred here from New York.  He was living with some relatives for a while because his parents travel a lot.
"His brother was living with someone who lives around here.  But now his parents have taken up a permanent residence in the area.  His dad is an entrepreneur of some internet business, and they're loaded.  I'm talking, filthy rich.  He's a bit of a heartthrob, but he's not really dateable."
I wasn't exactly thrilled with her last sentence.  "Why isn't he dateable?" I asked, staring at him uncontrollably again.
"Well, he's social and has friends and all, but he tells girls he's not into dating in high school.  He says it's because he doesn't want to waste his high school years tangled up in a teenage love drama.  Like he's so much better than the rest of us."  She rolled her eyes while speaking in a melodramatic tone before gesturing toward the table where McKee was already sitting.
I nodded my head, acknowledging what she said.  I guessed it was sensible enough.  We sat down beside McKee who put his arm around my chair, but no butterflies stirred this time.
Then it felt like someone was staring at me.
I turned to see it was Tallis who was staring.  His eyes were intensely staring into mine, then he cracked a slight smile again and turned back around.  I was mesmerized by him.  He was so perfect.
The bell rang, bringing me back to reality and making me look away, when I turned around again, he was gone.  How long did I stare?  My food was still untouched.
Looking for something, Aria?"  McKee's voice was light as he spoke with an odd look on his face.
"She's looking for Tallis Verdan," Taryn answered for me.  She did it with a dramatizing tone that very obviously implied I had a crush.
McKee frowned slightly, not pleased with his sister's comment.  "Economics time," he said dryly.  He was a little cold all the way back to the lockers.

I got to economics and saw Tallis walking into the class in front of me.  I took a deep breath, and butterflies rushed through my stomach as I started through the door.  McKee grabbed my hand, jerking me back.
"You'll need this."  He handed me my bag.  "You left it in the cafeteria."  Then he turned and walked away swiftly, disappearing into the class next door.
I walked in to see the class was already full.  Only one seat was left, and it was right behind Tallis.  It was almost a heady rush just thinking about taking a seat so close to him.
He never even looked up when I walked by.  It was as if I was suddenly invisible to him, despite the staring competition we had just had in the cafeteria.  I saw Everett across the room.  He seemed just as unpleasant as he had earlier.
The teacher started roll call, making his way down list. "Tallis Verdan?"
Tallis raised a hand up in acknowledgement, but kept his eyes glued to whatever he was reading on his table.
It was all I could do not to stare at the back of his head.  Then the teacher got to my name, and struggled just as my other two teachers had.
"And our newest member, Aree-see-ann-aah Weislen?"  he said with uncertainty of his pronunciation.
My voice was riddled with nervousness as I spoke.  "I go by Aria, actually."  I said, trying to hide my embarrassment while slinking down in my chair.
"Aria.  Much easier.  I'll change that right now."
As the teacher made his notation on his book, I avoided the scrutinizing stares of the other students.  It had been the same in every class.
I had noticed that Tallis lifted his head slightly when my name was called.  He didn't turn around though.
I finished my work and handed it in - first of course, despite how distracted I was.  Tallis finished quickly as well.  He was walking up as I was walking back.  We met between the rows of tables, and we had to turn sideways, facing each other as we passed.
Our eyes locked again, and he faintly smiled at me.  One hand held his paper and his free hand grazed my side as if he were politely supporting me as we passed.  His hand felt like fire on my side for the brief moment it was there.  I felt my whole body blushing.  It was nothing like I'd ever experienced before.
His soft blue shirt dangled loosely at his side, and my hand grazed its tip when I was almost by him.  Even the touch of his shirt sent a thrilling sensation coursing through my body.
As he was walking back to his seat, he was staring at me very deliberately.  I met his gaze and felt helplessly captivated again.  A very subtle smirk stayed on his face, and I could feel the rest of my body turning as red as my face.
He was obviously accustomed to the attention I was paying him, and again, I couldn't stop staring.  I felt so ridiculous.  He sat back down in front of me and pulled out a book to read.
About fifteen minutes later, the bell rang, and I just about leapt from my seat.  Tallis had already stood up, and he leaned back to let me pass first.  I was so flustered by that incredibly long class, being stuck behind him, that when I had to pass him again, I fell right on top of him, knocking him back into his seat with me almost straddling lap.  I felt my face beam an even brighter shade of red than before.
Panic rang out as I finally spoke.  "Oh my gosh!  I'm so sorry.  I didn't mean to.  I'm so embarrassed."  I could feel my skin burning with humiliation.
"It's fine."  His voice was so breathtakingly wonderful to hear, like velvet massaging my senses.  I just stared into his eyes that seemed to love holding me captive with their bewitching charm.  He spoke a bit more comically as he continued.  But if you don't mind standing up, I need to get to gym now."  He smiled teasingly at me.
Now I was even more embarrassed, realizing I was still on his lap.  I leapt to my feet so quickly that my still flustered self nearly fell backwards on the table behind me.
Before my fall could finish, I felt arms around me, catching me, burning me.  I felt his breath when its heat brushed the edge of my neck.  I felt his strong abdomen pressed against my body in a way that gave me the most delightful chills I had ever experienced.
There was an inexplicable desperate desire to stay close to him.  I didn't even know him.  I couldn't help it though.  I didn't want our accidental embrace to end.  I looked up to see him smiling down at me with such enchantment.
His eyes were so hypnotic as they stared deeply into mine.  Finally, he spoke after what seemed like hours, but it had only been a second or two.
"Easy, Aria.  You may need to sit down for a while.  You're not doing so well on your feet."
His arms were still embracing me gently.  His body being so close to mine made me feel like I had an outrageous fever burning out of control.  I could actually feel sweat forming on the back of my neck as his hands seemed to grip a little tighter around my waist.  Our wonderful moment was unfortunately interrupted and soured by someone clearing their throat very obnoxiously.
It was McKee who was standing beside Taryn.
"Ready for gym class, Aria?" Taryn asked with one eyebrow raised in surprise and approval.
Tallis released his grip, leaving me with a shocking pang of withdrawal.  "Guess I'll see you out there."
Then he flashed me a full smile and walked out.  I just continued staring, possibly drooling like a fool.  I could feel myself trying to catch the breath he had just taken away from me, but it seemed impossible.
It was all so surreal and tantalizing.  I felt so disappointed the unbelievably fiery moment with him had just ended.  I almost felt lightheaded from the insane rush I had gotten from the small amount of contact we'd just had.
McKee looked very displeased, but he tried to play it off, speaking in a joking tone.  "I leave you alone for one period and another guy has his arms around you.  Can't take you anywhere.  He smiled at me, but it seemed somewhat forced.

The annoying bell rang, saying it was time to go into the gym in my workout gear.  We were going to be playing basketball, using only half of the court.  I had played basketball a lot, but never in America.
The guys were on the other half of the court, which was not exactly a confidence boost.  I suddenly felt very gaudy and awkward.
McKee walked out with his shirt off, exposing his muscled up six pack.  A few girls gasped in obvious delight.
I would have, too, before I became completely enthralled by Tallis.  I hadn't thought much about McKee in that way since I straddled Tallis in economics.  My thoughts about McKee were completely platonic now.  All of my desire was focused solely on the dark-haired beauty with captivating eyes.
I looked around, trying not to be obvious, but I didn't see Tallis anywhere.  I was sure he said he had gym, too.  I huffed, almost disappointed, as I shifted my eyes from side to side in an effort to find his face.
Suddenly, I felt heat from behind me.  I felt chills run up my back as I felt someone's breath close to me.  I turned around, nearly bumping into Tallis, who was shirtless as well.  My mouth rocked open in an unhinged disaster.
Close your mouth, girl.
"Looking for someone, Aria?"  His tone was knowing and haughty, but not offensive.
I felt like a dissolving fool.  He smiled in a cocky manner to let me know he obviously knew I was looking for him.  Then he walked on, staring directly into my eyes again as he passed.
I watched him - of course.  His sleek abs were defined, but not bulky.  Every line of muscles were mouthwatering.  He had a tattoo on the side of his arm, almost at the top of his shoulder.  It seemed to be tribal.  What was with all these high school boys having tattoos?
I couldn't stop staring at him and thinking about how incredible his touch felt.  But, I finally forced myself to at least look more like I was watching idly instead of shamelessly gaping.
Tallis shot the ball from the three-point line and knocked it in time after time.  Another guy shot the ball and it bounced off the rim.  Then a different guy rebounded it and threw it hard to a guy near the half-court line.  He threw it too hard though, and the guy missed it.
You're supposed to run, duck, or scream when something is heading toward your face with ferocious speed, but I froze as the basketball barreled toward me.
I closed my eyes and braced for impact while holding my breath.  I heard the ball hit something, but not my face.  When I opened my eyes, Tallis was lowering the ball.
He stopped it.  Whew.
It was almost painful to release my held breath and take in a new one.
"That's the second time I've saved you today.  Any idea as to how you're going to start paying me back for all my heroics?" he teased, and then let out a playful laugh.
He flashed a menacing grin and jogged backwards for a moment, still staring at me. When he finally turned around and sprinted to the huddle where the other guys had congregated, I let out the next held breath.  I didn't even realize I was holding it that time.
I had been stifling an embarrassed grin the entire time, biting my lip.  I could see McKee swapping his disapproving glare between me and Tallis.  I wasn't sure what McKee's problem was.
He'd known me for one day and thought he had rights to me?  I remember wishing Taryn wasn't McKee's girlfriend, and now I was wishing she had been.
I still liked McKee as a friend, but there was something majestic about the way Tallis made me feel.
I noticed things were getting intense on the boys side of the court.  Everyone else had started noticing, too, including the other girls.  We stopped playing - even though I never touched the ball - and started watching.
McKee and Tallis seemed to have forgotten they were playing on teams.  I'm not sure how, but it had become a game of one-on-one.
Tallis just grinned, taunting McKee, who looked incredibly frustrated.  Tallis dribbled the ball between McKee's legs and scored on a lay-up.
McKee wasn't smiling like Tallis was.  He was more intense, focused, like he was trying to prove something.  He started dribbling past Tallis who took the ball away and sunk the ball from the three-point line effortlessly.
Tallis never quit smiling the whole time.  Score after score, Tallis was embarrassing McKee even more than he had already been embarrassed.
Now I was irritated and slightly humiliated by McKee acting so possessive.  I knew that was why Tallis was doing this to him.  I could see some of the girls looking at me, like they were sizing me up, trying to figure out what was so special about me.
Stop looking.  Nothing special.
Finally, the sound of a piercing whistle blew and the coach broke up the heated game.  My shoulders rose as I lowered my head uncomfortably, still aware of all the judgmental eyes staring at me.  It was so awful.
What a first day.
Tallis never looked at me again during gym class.  McKee did though.  Every time I looked at Tallis, McKee looked at me and smiled, doing his best to distract me.
One day in high school and already I was in some stupid, teen-age, soap opera, love triangle, drama fest.  I liked the guy who didn't like me and didn't like the guy who did like me.
Great!  I'm a normal American teenager.
I huffed in aggravation as I grabbed my gym bag.  I didn't even change.  I just ran out in my shorts and tee-shirt.  I felt better in them than the clothes Ash and Aster made me wear anyway.
I let my hair down as I threw my stuff in my car.  I was just ready for the day to be over, and I was certainly ready to be out of the spotlight.  I didn't enjoy being the object of whispered conversations and scrutinizing eyes.  Everyone would be talking about me even more after that.
Chapter 4

Mixed Signals

Precious opportunities are stolen away when one wastes too much time lost in hesitation.

I had been at school for almost two weeks now.  Tallis was a little more standoffish toward me since the first day.  I couldn't say I blamed him though.
McKee had become almost obsessed with my every movement.  I found him to be a complete annoyance.  Every time I even tried to approach Tallis, McKee was there to intercept me.
I was growing more and more frustrated with him everyday.  He was relentless to stay by my side - day after day after day.
Tallis hadn't been speaking to me in economics.  Of course, it was hard to speak during class, since that was prohibited... somewhat.
I caught him looking at me several times.  I often fumbled around for something clever to say, but nothing ever came to my mind fast enough, and then those moments would be lost.
That class was the only time where McKee couldn't block me from him.  Then finally, the break I needed presented itself.
Mr. Johnson, my economics teacher, stood in front of the class while smiling menacingly.  One by one, we finished taking our seats.  Tallis was the last to arrive.  As he sat down in front of me, his wonderful scent engulfed me, stealing my sanity for a brief moment.
I was trying not to stare at the back of his head, yet again, when Mr. Johnson interrupted my thoughts.
His tone seemed to be laced with excitement, and there was a bit of a mischievous glow about him.  "Good day, class.  I hope everybody is ready for what I'm about to give you."  He started walking from desk to desk, handing out small packets.  Then he continued speaking, smiling the entire time.  "Each one of you will receive a packet, and inside the packet is your assignment.  This will account for thirty percent of your grade this semester."
Everyone in the class gasped nervously.  He just smiled a little more, reveling in the suspense he was causing.  More menace sparked in his eyes as he continued.  "On the top right-hand corner of each packet, you will see a number.  Find the person in the classroom whose number matches yours.  That person will be your partner for this assignment.
"This should take you no more than two weeks to complete.  At the end of the two weeks, I'll ask you to give a presentation.  Get to know your partner, and let me know if you have any questions or problems.  This person will mean a lot to your final grade.  Use your class time wisely, but you'll still have to work on this at home some as well.
"These packets have been handed out at random, so I don't know who you will have for a partner.  After you have found your partner, come to my desk so I can write both of your names down for the assignment you received.  Each assignment is different as well, so no one will be tempted to cheat.  And no exchanging packets so that you end up with someone you are buddies with.  This isn't a socializing experiment."
As Mr. Johnson returned to his desk, we all began looking around the classroom for our partners.  One by one, I was checking other people's packets, and each time I walked away, they seemed relieved the new girl wasn't going to be their partner.
I saw more and more people pairing up and heading towards Mr. Johnsons desk.  It was just me, a few other girls, and Tallis left.  I was hoping he would be my partner, and at the same time, I was hoping he wouldn't be.
Knots curled up in my stomach and lumps began rising to my throat every time I thought of us alone for even a moment.  I turned to look at one of the girls who seemed unwilling to approach me, and as I turned back around, Tallis was standing directly in front of me.
I could feel chills run up and down my body yet again, as his soft lips moved in an effort to speak to me.
"I'm number three.  You?"
He reached his hand over to check the number on my packet when I failed to form words.  It matched.  We were together.  Oh yes and oh no.
I could feel my heart flutter as he cracked a small grin at me.  I was about to force out a reply, when I was rudely interrupted by the girl who had not wanted to approach me earlier.
She came up to us with a very obvious agenda.  "Hey, Tallis."
She did everything she could to stand between Tallis and me.  She didn't even acknowledge me as she continued speaking flirtatiously with him.
"So, I was going to come over here and find out what number you are.  I thought maybe I could sweet talk someone out of the matching number.  I don't know that I would trust anyone else in here with thirty percent of my grade."
She reached over to touch his hand.  I was starting to feel awkward still standing there.  I was frozen.  I did know whether to leave or stay.  I didn't want to give her my packet, but I knew I would if he asked me to.
He didn't seem too impressed by her brazen approach, which gave me a touch of hope.  He leaned back so I was back in his line of view.  Then he smiled at me slightly as he spoke to her, while keeping his eyes locked on mine.
"Sorry, Elaina.  I already have a partner."
I could tell she wasn't exactly thrilled with his answer.  However, she tried to play it off.
"I'm sure she wouldn't mind trading packets with me."  She turned to face me to finally speak to me.
What do you know?  I'm not invisible after all.
"I'm sorry, what was your name again?" she asked, playing coy.
I resisted the urge to roll my eyes.  "It's Aria."
She placed her body back between Tallis and me.  This time she was facing me fully.
"Aria, I'm Elaina.  I'm sure you wouldn't mind trading packets with me, would you?  I really need Tallis for this project.  I was hoping that since you don't really know anybody yet, you wouldn't mind working with someone else.  Sound good?"
I hesitated for a moment, unsure of what to say.  I was stuck.  I didn't want him to know I liked him, but I also didn't want to leave him with her and lose my chance.
I tried to think quickly.  Mr. Johnson was starting to become irritated by the amount of people still up.  Genius struck.
"I'm afraid Mr. Johnson would get mad if he found out we were trading packets," I said a little louder than I had to, while trying to be subtle.
I glanced in his direction, hoping he would hear.  Then I continued when I saw he was listening in.  "I can't afford to make my teacher mad about something that could cost me thirty percent of my grade."
I tried not to smile as Mr. Johnson made his way over to us.  I could tell he wasn't pleased.  I could see a ghost of a smile etching itself onto Tallis's face.  I wasn't sure if he was smiling because he knew what I was doing, or if it was because he liked what I was doing.
Please don't let him know what I'm doing, I thought.
Mr. Johnson had his hands on his hips as he stood behind the three of us.  I looked over to see one last girl in the room without a partner.
His brow furrowed as he crossed his arms in front of his chest.  Very irritably, he murmured, "What exactly is going on over here?  There are four people left, and there're only two people per group."  Then he looked at me.  "Aria, what number are you?"
I tried not to smile as I replied, "Number three."
Then Mr. Johnson turned his gaze toward Tallis.  "Now, Tallis, what number you?"
Tallis smirked slightly as he muttered, "I'm number three as well, Mr. Johnson."
Then Mr. Johnson turned again to meet Elaina.  "There's not very much math to do, as you can see.  Elaina, it would seem your partner is over there."  He pointed to the only girl left standing in the room.
Elaina walked away, huffing in aggravation.  Mr. Johnson nodded toward us before he walked away and returned to his desk.
Then I felt fire burning through my hand as Tallis led me back to our table.  Everyone else was sitting beside their partner at their table, and now I was going to be within inches of Tallis for the rest of class.
I was both giddy and sickly nervous at once.
His voice was so soothing as he spoke, and a slight smile spread across his face as he pulled out the work from his packet.  "I'm really glad you didn't make me be partners with Elaina.  She doesn't have a whole lot of work ethic.  I would've been stuck doing all the legwork."
I blushed, showing how incredibly uncomfortable I was.  "Are you two I mean... Were you two I mean, were you never mind," I grumbled, finally giving up my unintelligible ramble.
I could see a figurative mirror image of myself, drooling and slapping my gums in an apelike manner.  So, so stupid.
He chuckled, and he responded through his laughter.  "No.  Never.  Not that she hasn't tried.  That's another reason I was grateful for your reluctance to give up your packet."
I couldn't tell if he was flirting with me, or if he really was just that desperate to stay away from her.  It was even possible he was mocking me.  It wasn't like I would know.
"Um, she's not your type?" I asked, my voice crackling.
His smile deepened.  Then his tone changed slightly, as his smile turned a little more menacing.  No, she's not my type."  Then he shifted in his seat uncomfortably as he continued.  "I'm not really trying to date anyone in high school.  There's more to worry about in life than teenage drama."
I could feel a knot starting to form in my stomach again.  I tried not let my voice quiver with disappointment, though I was very obviously unsuccessful.
"Oh.  I guess that makes sense.  I already knew that about you anyway.  I just didn't know if you had made an exception for her."
He scoffed noticeably, quickly rebuffing my apparently foolish notion.  "If I were to make an exception, it wouldn't be for her."
I had nothing else to say.  My lips quivered instead of moving.
The way he stared at me so intensely confused me about the way he felt.  Then he gave me that same captivating gaze he had so many times before, and slowly, the corners of his mouth edged themselves into an incredibly cocky smile before continuing.
"So, you've been asking around about me?"
My face suddenly lit up as bright as a Christmas tree with embarrassment.
Busted.
I scrambled around for the right thing to say, desperate to recover quickly.  I tried to sound as casual as possible, but my hands twitched nervously as I responded.  "It may have come up in idle conversation.  Nothing detailed.  I can see how it could be a good philosophy though."
He smirked slightly.  "I'm sure you know what I'm talking about.  It's all a little pointless to go through at such a young age."
I could feel my face blushing - actually, beaming red would be more accurate - as I squirmed around my seat.  My discomfort had to obvious.  Change the subject, girl!
"It looks like we're going to be opening a coffee shop," I blurted out, considering I had nothing else to say.
He glanced down at the paperwork in front of him, smirking lightly.  "Looks like."
I hoped he didn't realize what my discomfort meant.  I hadn't ever dated anybody, so I had no idea what drama he was talking about.  At least not from personal experience.
I was too embarrassed to tell him that.  I was hoping he couldn't pick up on that.   Most of the other girls had been dating for years, and I hadn't even kissed a guy, or held his hand, or anything.  I wouldn't even know how to start.  It was Haluali.  The choices were bare - too young, too old, unavailable, not my type... etc.  It wasn't the buffet this place is.
Then, as he flipped through the pages, he grabbed out his notebook and began writing.  "Let's go ahead and make a budget based on the money allowance we have, and we'll go from there with our hypothetical coffee shop."
I nodded and grabbed my notebook as well.  "Do you want to take building costs and layout?  Or do you want supply costs and projected profit margin to begin with?"
Business yap is definitely a buzz kill, but it doused the flames I needed to be extinguished, so no complaints.
He smiled yet again as he spoke to me in his heart melting tone.  "I don't think we need to get too far ahead of ourselves.  I think it would be best to do each task together.  If we divide and conquer, it'll get done faster.  However, if we do everything together, then we'll have a better overall presentation."
I was actually happy to hear him say that, though I had no intentions of sharing that with him.  I felt like an inarticulate idiot around him.  I was starting to worry he was going to regret not pairing up with Elaina if I kept looking like such a stupid girl.
"Okay, what do you suggest we start with?" I asked, sounding more respectable and less crackly.
He glanced at his watch before putting all of his paperwork back in his packet.  Then he spoke to me while he stacked his books together.
"There's a coffee shop in town.  We could go talk to them first.  I want to be thorough.  We can meet up after school soon and iron out some of the details there, if you want."
The butterflies rippled through my stomach, making my breathing much more labored as I breathlessly said, "Yeah.  That sounds fine to me.  You'll just have to give me directions.  I don't really know too much about this area."
The bell rang and he stood to his feet, stacking my books on top of his as he did so.  He carried my books out the door while still keeping his body close to mine.  "No problem.  It's not hard to find.  If you're free this afternoon, we'll get started."
This time the butterflies crashed into the walls of my stomach, making me feel almost nauseated.  I was trying so hard not to let my sudden anxiety attack be noticed.
"Yeah, that should be no problem at all."
He winked at me as he handed me my books, and then he jogged down the hall, disappearing into the crowd.  I exhaled a big sigh of relief, denying my inner girl the right to squeal.
Finally.  Some actual time alone.
I started feeling queasy as soon as that thought had time to resonate.  It felt like I was coming down from a hellacious adrenaline high.  Just talking to him had made my blood pump furiously through my veins.
"What's up, Aria?" Taryn asked, forcing me to jump a little in my distracted state.
Her bubbly little personality never wavered.  I was just trying to keep from falling apart at the seams.
"Nothing."
I could feel myself blushing.  I couldn't even bring myself to answer the way I wanted to.  I wanted to scream out in exuberance, but I fought the urge and remained calm.
She rolled her eyes.  "I'm guessing things went well with Tallis today."  Her tone was very condescending in a playful manner.
I smiled, though it wasn't the full-flashing, face-splitting grin that begged to be set free.  I played it cool, sort of.  At least I think I did.
"We just got put on the same project is all."  I could feel my whole body blushing then.  Crap.  Sold out by my own body.
Taryn giggled, and then we were interrupted by McKee.  He smiled confidently as spouted, "Alright, ladies.  Enough giggling.  It's gym time."

I had borrowed Taryn's phone to call Grandma Iris and let her know of my afternoon plans.  She had seemed reluctant to let me go to the coffee shop.  However, she agreed that my studies were important.
I was actually surprised by her hesitance to let me go, but I guess she just worried about me being in a new place.
I pulled up to the coffee shop, and a knot instantly started forming in my throat, making it seem impossible to swallow.  I took a deep breath, praying for a calm that never came.
"Here goes nothing," I whispered to myself while walking in.
Tallis was already inside, engaged in conversation with one of the waitresses.  She was giggling and flirting.  It almost made me sick at my stomach to see.
He didn't seem to be reciprocating the same feelings toward her though, so that made me feel a little bit better.  I sat down beside him at the table and received the worst look possible from the waitress.
Tallis smiled at my arrival.  I glanced around at the crowded coffee shop as the waitress took our order.  I noticed Everett sitting in the corner.  He looked away quickly and began typing on his phone.
I glanced back at Tallis who was pulling out his packet of work for our project and a laptop.  I did the same - pulled out my work, not a laptop.  Then I whispered quietly as I motioned in the direction of Everett.
"He gives me the creeps."
Tallis chuckled slightly.  "I think he's just a loner.  He's a little too intense for me, but I'm sure he's not as bad as he seems."
He leaned over to me and a smile spread across his face as he spoke with a charming air that made my heartbeat flutter.  "So, I hear you are a bit of a genius?"
I just laughed as I responded with an exaggerated dramatic touch.  "Not even close.  I just know a lot of the stuff already, due to the lessons I had in home school."
He leaned back slightly in his seat.  "Yeah, well that's not the word around school."
My stomach tensed up.  I thought of all the other things he might have heard about me as well.  I was far from being on the most popular list.
"Oh.  Well, you can't believe everything you hear around there."
His reassuring smile was just as breathtaking as any other one of his grins.  "I only listen to the good gossip, not the bad.  If people are spreading something good, then it has to be true.  The bad stuff is usually just jealous tongues running amuck."
I smiled back and laughed at the same time as I responded.  "Are you sure you're a teenager?"
"Sometimes I forget I'm supposed to be," he teased while offering a playful wink.
I smiled at his humor.  This was nice.  Just him and me enjoying coffee and not having class, or students, or McKee lurking around.  It was peaceful, and I was relishing the time alone with him.
I was trying to think of a way to get him to break his no-dating rule, but everything I came up with sounded contrived and immature.  And he seemed so mature compared to the rest of the guys at school.
I had to think of a way to be impressive enough to make him want to go out with me.  I started to speak three or four times, hoping something would come to me, but I had absolutely nothing.
I finally just sighed in agitation and shifted my focus back to the project.  I could see him smirking out of the corner of my eye.  Perhaps he noticed my attempts to speak.  I just hoped he didn't realize what I was desperately trying to do.
We worked out all kinds of details, and we talked to the manager as well.  We were making excellent headway on our project, when Tallis suddenly looked worried.  His nostrils flared as if he smelled something he didn't like.
I very subtly sniffed myself, worried I may have worked up too much sweat at gym class.  Then the bell chimed over the door of the coffee shop, alerting them to a new customer.
Tallis's eyes shifted toward the new silhouette darkening the doorway.  A very tall man entered the coffee shop and walked to the counter.  As I looked at the tall man, I noticed Everett was also staring at him.  He too had a look on his face as if he smelled something foul.
Then I finally caught a whiff of something I wish I hadn't.  It was almost putrid.  It was all I could do not to turn my nose up in disgust.  I wasn't sure if it was the tall man or just something outside.
Everett and Tallis seemed to think it was the tall man, given their staring.  Then I noticed Everett's eyes close.  His face was intense, as if he was straining to concentrate on something.
Then I felt fire shoot through my body when Tallis wrapped his arm around my waist suddenly.  It was unexpected and confusing to say the least.  But it felt... protective?  Like he was trying keep me hidden?  I didn't know.  I really had no clue what guys and girls did.  Did I miss something?
He leaned in closer to me as if he planned to whisper something in my ear.  His breath was radiating the most unbelievably wonderful heat against my neck.  My breathing became labored again, almost painful.
The seconds ticked by so slowly and my heavy breathing was all I could hear.  Heat seemed to course through my veins, as though my blood had been replaced with lava.
The tall man glanced in our direction briefly, and then he walked out.  After a few seconds of him being gone, Tallis leaned back away from me and released his grip around my waist.  His look changed from concerned to an unexplainable disappointment.
I could feel my breaths growing even heavier now from the intense moment we had just shared.  His body pressed against mine was unbelievably invigorating.
I wasn't sure what had possessed him to do such a thing.  I could feel the fever in my voice as I spoke.  "So What was that about?"
He seemed incredibly uncomfortable suddenly.  I got the feeling I had done something wrong, but what?  He seemed distant when he answered.
"I think we should go."
I was baffled by the whole situation.  One second he was wrapped around me so intimately, and the next second he acted like he couldn't get away from me quick enough.  The confusion showed in my tone as well.
"Okay.  Did I do something wrong?"
I had no idea how to interact with someone I was attracted to.  I wasn't sure if I offended him, or if I should have returned some affection.  I wasn't even sure if he was showing me affection.  The entire thing was situation was extraordinarily confusing and completely frustrating.
He began packing up all of our work as he spoke.  "No, you didn't do anything wrong.  I just I need to go.  You should get home as well.  I'm sure your parents are concerned.  It's later than I realized."
I glanced at the clock, noticing it was only five-thirty.  I wasn't sure what the big deal was.  "It'll be fine if I get home around seven or seven-thirty.  They realize this is an important part of my grade."
I really didn't want to leave him at all now.  It almost physically hurt to think of leaving him.  I felt so inexplicably desperate to be with him.  It didn't make sense.
What's going on with me?
He continued packing everything up and stood to his feet.  "No, we really should go.  I have things I have to take care of."
I was starting to understand the whole mixed signals thing that girls my age were constantly complaining about.  One second he grabbed me and held on to me in the most intense way, and the next he couldn't get away from me fast enough.  His reasoning for doing such was vague and questionable.  It felt like a blow-off.  Guys really were just as confusing as I'd heard.
I wished I had heeded the warning.
I aimed for casual, but came off as tentative instead when I mumbled, "Okay, when should we work on the-"
Before I could finish fumbling around for the right words, he answered the question I was intending to ask.
"Tomorrow."  His answer was swift, and he deliberately avoided eye contact with me.  Then his eyes changed, as did his tone, when he finally did make eye contact.  "Your last name is Weislen, correct?"
I was almost offended by the fact he didn't seem certain of my last name.  Now I was even more confused as I replied with a slightly defensive tone.  "Yeah."
He nodded, but it seemed like he was confused by something himself.  He didn't even take notice of the fact I had been offended.
"When did you and your parents move to town?"
I squinted my eyes in more confusion as I responded, "My parents haven't moved to town yet.  I'm living with my grandmother."
The intensity in his eyes grew.  They almost seemed to fill up with angst, and his tone made it seem as if he was worried about something.
"What's your grandmother's name?"
Really?
He was starting to irritate me with all the random questions.  It was starting to feel like an interrogation.  I answered him though.  "Iris Nelson.  She's the one with the Bradbury Manor."
He paled instantly, and fear washed over his eyes for reasons unbeknownst to me.  After a spell of silence, he finally drew in a deep breath, and it appeared that he was full of dread.
"I know who she is."  He paused for a second as he held the door open for me, ushering me out.  "I'll follow you home to make sure you make it there safely."
His strange line of questioning and actions baffled me to no end.  I was very confused by everything.
"Okay."
And that was it.  He got in his Mercedes and followed me all the way to my gate.  Tailing him was another car that followed us from the coffee shop.  I could have sworn it was Everett.
As I pulled in the driveway, Tallis continued driving slowly until he passed me, staring into my eyes intensely as he did so.
Then he skidded around in the middle of the road and sped off back in the direction we had just come from.  I wasn't sure why he wanted to follow me.  The entire thing had exhausted my mind.  The tailing car went on by, but I never caught a glimpse of the driver.
Everything had been fine until the smelly man walked in, then Tallis threw himself on me, and became insistent on making a hasty departure.
Nope.  I still had no clue what happened.
I walked in and smelled food cooking.  Iris greeted me, her warm smile genuine and soft.
"How was your study date, dear?"  She seemed slightly worried.  That too seemed odd.
I decided to keep the bizarre events from the coffee shop to myself.  "It was fine.  What's for dinner?"
She still didn't seem like her usual eccentric self.  She answered my question, but she did so with complete distraction in her tone.
"We're having pot roast."  Worry riddled her aged face and her tone displayed the same signs apprehension as it had before.  "Are you sure you're okay?  Did anything happen today that might have scared you in any way.  Did you feel I don't know threatened at any point this afternoon?"
Her questions made me squirm uncomfortably.  I wasn't sure why she was asking me that, and it started to worry me a bit.
"No.  I never felt the least bit threatened.  I just had a meeting with my economics partner and then we left.  Should I be worried about something?"
Her face relaxed, as did her tone.  "No, dear.  I'm an old lady.  Sometimes I overanalyze things.  It's hard for me to just let you roam and do as you please.  I worry.  That's my job as your temporary guardian."  She patted my back.
My body relaxed, finally, and I made my way into the kitchen to grab a plate.  I wanted so badly to go see Tallis and find out the truth about what was going on.
Honestly, I just felt the uncontrollable yearning to be with him again.  He was like a craving that could never be sated.  Since the moment I met him, he was all I could even think about.  I'd never been addicted to anything, but I was sure that this is what it felt like.

The next day at school was slightly awkward, but I was determined to find out what happened.  I was new to the whole American teenage ways; however, I wasn't into playing games.
Before first period, I saw Tallis standing at his locker.  He was alone, so I quickly approached him to seize my opportunity to get some answers.  I could hear my nervousness as I confronted him.
"Hey, will you please tell me what happened yesterday?"
He just smiled confidently as he leaned back on the lockers before speaking in a much too casual tone.  "I'm sorry, Aria.  That guy we saw yesterday is a bit of a creep.  I wanted him to think we were together.  I've seen him around town, hassling girls your age.  I didn't want him doing you that way."
Everything he said seemed slightly rehearsed, and he seemed very confident in his clarification as well.  It all seemed too... conveniently effortless, when the day before he had been far too distressed to tell me such a thing.
I knew I couldn't have just been imagining the absurdity of his reaction.  I nodded slightly as I spoke in a disbelieving tone.
"I see.  Why didn't you just tell me that yesterday instead of acting so weird?"
He laughed lightly before responding.  "I may have overreacted a tad.  I was just in a hurry to get you out of there before he got any ideas.  I don't know why I didn't tell you that yesterday to be honest.  Some girls like danger.  Let's say I wanted to make sure you didn't get any ideas."  He winked at me as he finished his sentence.
I blushed slightly, but then suddenly I was off balance.  A large guy had bumped into me, nearly knocking me down.  Fire coursed through me as it had so many times before.  Tallis's arms were wrapped around me, steadying me, drawing me into his delicious web of intoxication.
Yet again, he had caught me before I fell.  Then his eyes shifted toward the brawny guy who had run over me.  "Watch where you're going."
The guy stared at Tallis in an intimidating manner.  Tallis didn't back down though.  Im not sure why, but suddenly the guy who had seemed so fierce at first cowered down from Tallis.  He stuttered as he addressed me.
"Sorry, my bad."  Then he turned and walked away quickly.  It was as if Tallis had said something else, but he never spoke.
I found that incredibly odd - per the usual around him.  The bell rang, warning us to go to class.  McKee walked up and pulled me away from Tallis.  I looked back to see Mr. Mysterious was already gone.
McKee pulled me into calculus just in time.  I couldn't stop thinking about all the weird things that had happened in the past couple days.  Ever since I had gotten to Grayford, things had all been... screwed up.
It was certainly different than my old village.  Everything there made perfect sense, but here, nothing seemed to.  I was starting to feel like a jumbled up jigsaw puzzle with missing pieces, unable to see the entire picture.
I just kept feeling like there was something I was missing, but I was completely oblivious as to what it might be.

Tallis and I had several laughs during economics class while discussing our project.  He seemed to be over whatever it truly was that had upset him the day before.  Elaina had watched us the entire time.  I could feel her eyes burning through me all throughout class.
It had been raining fiercely outside, but I could hear it starting to slack up.  As we entered gym class, we were told boys and girls would be sharing the gym again.  The last time that had happened, things had gotten heated between Tallis and McKee.
I could see out of the corner of my eye that Elaina and her pack of hyenas were approaching me while I was stretching.
Before they reached me, McKee ran up to me with a smile on his face.  "Hey, Aria.  I know that it is last-minute, but I was going to see if you wanted to maybe go out this weekend.  I know a great restaurant in Salem.  It's a bit of a drive, but I swear it's worth it."
He kind of caught me off guard.  I stuttered for a moment as I frantically tried to think of a reason not to go out with him without hurting his feelings.  "I uh  I-"
Fortunately, the coach interrupted us with a severely scolding tone.  "McKee!  Get over here.  Get in line.  You haven't climbed the rope yet.  This isn't a time to play with the girls."
McKee rolled his eyes, and then he winked at me.  He jogged off quickly toward the coach.  As soon as he was gone, Tallis was beside me.  He almost startled me when he spoke to me in a quiet and concerned tone.
"Are you going to say yes or no?"
I jumped a little.  "You have got to stop sneaking up on me like that.  I'm going to die of a heart attack in high school if you don't."
He smirked slightly, but it wasn't his usual carefree grin.  It was forced.  It seemed as though he was upset about something.
"Sorry, but you didn't answer my question.  Are you going to yes?  Personally, I don't think you should.  Obviously it's your choice though."
I almost wanted to smile.  I stifled it very respectably though.
Be cool, Aria, I told myself.  I could hear the words coming out of my mouth, but they took on a life of their own.
"I was actually going to ask you about that."
Oh crap.  So not what I meant to say.
He cocked his head to the side after hearing my response.  His tone was confused and almost comical.  "Why exactly were you going to ask me?"
I could feel my nervousness as I twitched around uncomfortably.  I had no idea what I was doing.  I'd never been asked out by a guy or asked a guy out in my life.  Now I was doing both in the same day - or attempting to.
I wanted to stop, spare myself the humiliation sure to ensue, but my lips kept moving on their own.  The words flowed out of my unfiltered mouth without my permission.
"I was thinking that maybe you and I could do something this weekend, and then I could tell him I already have plans."
He smirked slightly and put his head down shyly while replying.  "Ah."
That was all he said.  That was the worst answer I could have gotten.  Ah?  Really?  Sheesh.
I felt like an even bigger idiot than I thought possible.
Of course he doesn't want to go out with me.  He doesn't date girls in high school.  I'm so stupid.
I started fumbling around for the right words, keeping my trembling eyes pointed at the floor.  I couldn't think of anything that would help me recover.
"Well, not like a date.  It would be more of a non-date, hang out thing, or whatever."
Just kill me now.  Please.
I could hear the incredibly idiotic things coming out of my mouth, but again, I could not stop them.  The lock was off my lips and some mischievous little pixie had run off with the key.  I was mortified by my awkward and horrible babbling.
He laughed at me lightly.  "So what exactly did you have in mind for our non-date, hang out thing, or whatever?"
Great.  Now he's making fun of me.
His mockery carried no subtlety.  I could feel my cheeks burning red as I tried to think of anything that didn't sound completely moronic.  "I don't know... The movies, or dinner or... something."
He smirked again as he looked at the floor and then back up to meet my eyes.  "That doesn't sound like a non-date, hang out thing.  That sounds like a date."
I could feel my whole body burning with utter humiliation now.  I kept trying to find a way to dig myself back out of my hole.  But that was a near impossible feat, since I felt as though I had already dug to China.
I could hear the anxiety coming through loud and clear when I spoke.  "Yeah, it does."  I was just ready to run and hide.  "I'm sorry.  It was stupid to ask.  I'll leave you alone." And drop out of school to become a recluse.
I quickly turned away from him and scoured for any hiding place I could dive in.
He grabbed my hand before I could walk off.  It nearly took my breath.  I couldn't understand how such a small touch from him could burn so deep within me.  It was all I could do not to just grab him and kiss him, especially when he touched me.
Physical contact with him always made this amazing fire within me blaze uncontrollably.
This time when he spoke, it wasn't teasing or mocking in the least.  It was the same smoldering tone I had heard him use before, and it sent those delightful chills throughout me again.  "I know a drive-in a couple of miles from your house.  They usually play some pretty good movies.  There's a diner not too far away.  My treat, of course."  Then he winked at me as a very cocky grin spread across his face.
It was all I could do just to be able to stand in an upright position at that moment.  Of course now I was still unsure if it was a date or not.  Even though I was blushing and trying not to giggle like, well... a schoolgirl, I was able to reply somewhat respectably.
"Sounds great," I muttered, an unstoppable lilt to my voice.
He slid his hand up my arm as he slowly backed away.  "I better get back over there with the rest the guys, but well sort out the details later," he said, leaving me burning with fever.
His touch could melt a glacier.
I was afraid if I said anything else I would burst out giggling and make a bigger idiot out of myself than what I already had.  So instead, I just nodded and waved in agreement.
My smile faded quickly when Elaina finally seized her opportunity to approach me, her arms crossed in front of her.  Her minion squad was right behind her, ready to surround their prey.
Elaina started giggling with her hyenas as they circled me.  "So, Aria.  How many guys have you slept with these first couple weeks?  I think it's kind of pathetic, personally, to throw yourself at so many guys."
I could see Tallis and McKee staring in my direction.  Tallis's eyes narrowed as Elaina relished my humiliation.
I was both livid and mortified.
"I haven't slept with anybody.  And I'm not throwing myself at anyone either."
Elaina whispered almost threateningly to me.  "Here's the deal.  You're new here, so everyone wants to pet the new puppy... for now.  But the truth is, you're absolutely nothing, and soon everyone else will see that, too."
She offered a fake smile to the coach when he looked our way, pausing her venomous threat and acting as though we were just two girls chatting about makeup.  The second his attention veered, she returned to be the devil behind the mask.
"Stay out of my way, or life will be so much harder for you while you're here.  I don't play nice.  Find someone besides Tallis to play house with, or I swear you will dread every moment you have to come here for the rest of your high school experience.  Got it?"
She rammed her shoulder into mine as she barged by to try and intimidate me even more.  I could feel the tears welling up in my eyes.  I couldn't let everyone see me cry.  Things were embarrassing enough as it was.
I couldn't let Elaina have my crying as icing on the sadistic cake she just served in front of everyone.
I ran out of the gym, completely devastated.  Everyone had heard our confrontation, including Tallis.  I could hear him talking to her as I propped up against the wall outside the gym.
Pity laced his tone as he scolded her.  "Elaina, there's absolutely nothing you say that ever means anything to anybody.  Leave Aria alone, and I mean it."
I heard some people laughing, poking fun of the bully Barbie.  I decided to make a mad dash to the parking lot before anyone saw me.
Tallis chased me down before I could escape.  His hands ran up my arms in a comforting way, though I felt all the pathetic pity rolling over his skin.  It was so embarrassing for him to see me this way.  I couldn't even enjoy his touch because of the reason he was offering it.
"Aria, are you okay?  I can give you a ride if you need me to."
As much as I wanted to be with him, I didn't want him seeing me like this.  "Thanks, but I'll be fine.  I'll see you tomorrow."
Then I walked away as quickly as I could.  I could feel him still watching me, so I was trying to hold back the tears which were begging to pour out after my ghastly humiliation.
I'd never encountered somebody so ruthless as Elaina.  Still wearing my gym clothes, I hopped in my car.
I didn't care if I got in trouble or not.  I couldn't stay there with everyone feeling sorry for me.  I'm sure there were plenty of people laughing, too.  The most embarrassing part was that Tallis felt sorry for me.
I pulled out of the school parking lot and stepped on the gas.  It was the first time I ever felt like I had to run away from something.  Little did I know, it was only the beginning.
Chapter 5

Fantasy meets Reality

What happens when the reality you knew was actually the fantasy all along?

After driving around aimlessly for twenty minutes, I started feeling like someone was watching me, possibly following me.  I looked in my rearview mirror and saw a blue car.  I decided to test my theory and turned down a random road that was off to the side.  The car pursued me - turning down the same road.
"Calm down, Aria.  It may just be a coincidence," I mumbled aloud.
I looked around, frantically trying to devise a plan.  I saw an old dirt road on the side.  I slammed on my brakes and turned just as I got to it.  I could feel my car fishtailing, but I quickly regained control.
The blue car squealed when it braked as I had, and then it continued to follow me.  I sped up, and my eyes darted from the road to the mirror in rapid repetition.  I was familiar with dirt-road driving.  That was all we had in Haluali - narrow dirt trails.
The car tried keeping up with me, but I took a sharp turn to the right.  When they tried to do the same, they cut the wheel wrong and the car flipped into the air.  It rolled into the pasture beside the dirt road and landed it on its top.
I gasped as I saw the chase ending in the mirror.  I slowed down, watching carefully to see if they were alive or dead.  As soon as I saw movement, I breathed out in relief.
I wanted to check on them, or at the very least find out who was tailing me.  I was too scared though.  It made me flash back to the conversation Iris and I had shared.  She seemed worried, even asked me if I had felt threatened.  I didn't at the time.  But now, I wondered if there was something I needed to know.
Who would follow me and why?
I sped back up, letting the blue car vanish from sight before I could identify my chasers.  I was hoping the road wouldn't dead-end.  It was a long, winding path that seemed to go on forever.  There was a small cluster of trees not far away.
"Some woods.  Thank God," I said in relief.
I definitely needed a sanctuary now.  I couldn't go home while I was shaking and terrified.  I would worry everyone.
I parked way off the road so no one would see my car.  I started walking, holding my sketchbook to my chest.  I found a rock resting next to a small trickling creek.  It seemed peaceful, and I definitely needed a calm retreat.
Should I tell Iris about this?
I decided it would be best to hide out in the covered area until I knew for certain the blue car people were gone.
My feet crunched against the leaves that had fallen from the old, dry trees.  I took a deep breath, still trying to calm my nerves.  I wanted to try and sketch the small creek, which paled in comparison to the magnificent waterfall I had once sketched, but I couldn't find the will to do so.  There was something else on my mind, so I started sketching the one thing that did inspire me.
I was content for the moment in my accidental hideaway, but as I finished my sketch, I heard something.  It started as a slight rattling of the leaves, but then it became more defined.
I could hear something running -  something that seemed to be moving unbelievably fast.  It had to be an animal.  Judging by the speed and incredibly loud crunching, it was a big animal.
I couldn't help but think of how everyone cautioned people about all the poisonous and dangerous animals in the jungle surrounding Haluali.  I had never once come across any fatal creature.  Now, here I was in Massachusetts, and something large and fast was coming right toward me with such unbelievable acceleration that it seemed almost impossible.  I hate irony.
Even if I ran as fast as I could, I'd never get away, so I stayed still, praying it didn't sense or smell me.
Finally, the mystery creature came into view.  To my astonishment, it was a person that had been racing toward me with such unnatural velocity.  A man with short blonde hair approached me slower than he had raced in.
He was young, early twenties maybe, with an odd facial expression.  Then I got sick at my stomach when I thought of the car that had chased me earlier.  Maybe he was tied to them in some way - or he was one of them.  I found my mind racing for answers as to why anyone would have such interest in me.
I tried to think of any other reason he could be here with me right now unless he intended me harm, but nothing came to mind, so I went with playing dumb.  I took a deep breath, trying to steady my nerves before speaking.
"Hello.  Is this your land?"  My voice cracked slightly and the lump in my throat began growing.  I found it almost impossible to breathe when my chest suddenly felt like there was a heavy mass pressing down on it.
He said nothing.  He just looked at me so strangely, like he was confused and excited at the same time.  His head was cocked to the side, and his mouth ever so slightly turned up in the corners, edging itself into a bone-chilling, ominous grin.
His brow was furrowed, which scrunched the spot in the middle of his eyes.  His eyes shifted from side to side, as if he was looking for someone or something.  He just continued to move toward me slowly, while still scouring our surroundings in a cautious fashion.
I stood up from the rock - shakily - and tucked my sketchbook in the back of my pants as I started moving backwards, ready to run.  I could hear my voice crackle much worse this time while I spoke.
"I'm sorry if I disturbed you.  I was just looking for a quiet place to go.  I'll just be leaving now."  I turned around slowly, planning to sprint to my car.
Perhaps I exaggerated his speed.  It's not possible a man raced in here as quickly as I thought he had.  With the large gap between us, I thought I had a chance to outrun him.  But, as I got my body turned around, I released a bloodcurdling scream.
He was suddenly in front of me.  As quickly as I had turned around, he had gone from a few hundred feet behind me to being directly in front of me.
Impossible.
He had a thick lock of my dark hair clasped between his index finger and thumb, rubbing the hair between his fingers.  His stench was horrific.  I'd never smelled something so foul.  It reminded me of the way the man at the coffee shop smelled, but ever so much worse.  His eyes glared at me as he raised his other hand to my face, gingerly touching my lips.
"Why would you leave, when I only just got here?"  His voice was so eerie.  He was so lanky and pale.
I was frozen in horror as his black eyes stared into mine.  He lowered his nose to my lips and sniffed me.
"Aahhh," he said through an exhaled breath of elation.
He acted like he was getting high... on me.  His hands moved to be forcefully holding the sides of my cheeks.  As fear consumed me, my tears spilled free, ravaging my cheeks with a merciless flow.
His eerie voice spoke in a terrifyingly calm tone.  "Don't worry, little witch.  This will be over quickly.  I promise."  He licked his lips as he moved in a step, bringing his mouth closer to mine.  "You smell strong.  You must have a powerful bloodline.  You smell stronger than anyone I've ever had.  Mmm.  This will be so good."
He glared at me so excitedly as more tears flooded my face.  "You'll give me just what I've been needing."
In that next second, I felt my body getting weaker.  I felt like the life was literally being sucked out of me.  His mouth was close, almost touching mine, but not quite.  I looked up at the tops of the trees, focusing all my attention on them as they swayed in the wind, oblivious to the depravity going on below.  I didn't want the last thing I ever saw to be this monster draining the life from me.
I couldn't believe I was really going to die, and I didn't even know what he was doing.  I grew up in one of the most dangerous places in the world, and I was going to die in one of the safest.  The irony of it all made it even more tragic.
Just when I accepted the fact my fate was sealed, I heard something.  It was fast, large, and charging toward us.  The only thing I could think of was that this guy, or this thing, had a partner who was going to join him in this whatever it was killing me.
A gust of wind flew by my head and I fell to the ground.  I coughed hard and then gasped in a breath of air while grabbing my throat.  I felt my strength coming back quickly, even though I still felt more brittle than I ever had before.  At least I didn't feel like I was dying anymore.
I glanced up to see the lanky blonde man looking around, as if he wondered like I did, what just happened.  He spun in circles while screaming into the treetops.
"Where are you?!  Show yourself!  Fight like a real eternal!"
Eternal?
I had no idea who he was talking to.  I never saw anyone.  I tried to stand to my feet to run away, but the lanky man turned his attention back to me.  Keeping his dark eyes on me, he yelled back into the woods to the mystery presence.
"If you want her for yourself, you'll have to fight me for her!  I won't give her up that easily!"
He was back in front of me in a blink again.  He grabbed me by my throat and lifted me back to his mouth.  I was fighting uselessly, trying ineffectively to pry his hand from my collapsing airway.
Then my same savior whooshed past me again.  And just like before, I landed on the ground.  I looked around again, but nothing.  The lanky man threw off his long jacket.
"Come on!  Come on!  I can't smell you, but I know you're there!  You can't be a witch or a changer, so you must be a bodyguard.  You can't possibly defeat me.  Run away or show your face, coward!"
What the hell is he talking about?
Every time I thought it couldn't get any crazier... it got crazier.
His yells could have been heard for miles, if there had been anyone else around to hear it.  Then I saw a flash.  From tree to tree, there was just a blur.  Then suddenly, before the lanky man could reach me again, there was a body standing between us.
Every breath I tried to take evaded my grasp when I saw who it was.  I recognized the body that stood in front of me, saving me.  I'd spent weeks memorizing it from the back.  It was Tallis.
He quickly turned to me and pointed behind me while speaking in a forceful, slightly panicked tone.  "Get back, Aria!"  Then he turned back around as the lanky man charged him.
They began to fight.  Well... I think.  It was all happening so fast, so it was hard to see.  Trees cracked, leaves crunched, and grunts released as the blur of motion went on to further traumatize my widened eyes.  I didn't know if I should run or hide, but like the petrified fool I was, I stayed there, staring open-mouthed at the mess of impossibilities.
In less than a blink, Tallis was behind the man, grabbing his arm and throwing him into a tree at least a hundred feet away.  Unbidden, a gasp slipped through my lips, and I covered my mouth before it made any other unsanctioned sounds to draw attention my way.
The man stood up and charged Tallis.  They were face to face again within seconds.  The man grabbed Tallis by the neck and slammed his head into the rock where I had been sitting earlier.  A muffled squeak fell out of my covered mouth, but the man was too busy to acknowledge me.
Tallis!
The rock shattered, shocking the crap out of me.  Tallis was unscathed.
How is that possible?
He retaliated by breaking the man's hands and kicking him in the chest simultaneously.  It seemed like sparks flew as he connected his foot with the man's chest.  Amazingly, it threw the man backwards at least sixty feet.
The man shook his hands and the bones cracked as they reconnected.  It wasn't natural, and I couldn't believe what I had just witnessed.  Sickness now joined my fearful adrenaline rush.
Tallis couldn't fight this monster.  There was no way.
Then the man stared at Tallis and smiled as he reached to the sky, as if he were trying to grab something.  Suddenly, fire blazed from his hands.
I gasped loudly, scrambling backwards instantly and tripping over a stone.  I thudded against the ground, but I crawled backwards until a tree halted my retreat.
My eyes couldn't possibly get any wider.  This couldn't be real.
A blazer... like Iris's story.
Tales of magic and mayhem struck me with realization, making me almost convulse.  He was trying to steal my essence - that was what he was drawing out of me.  That meant I was a but this couldn't possibly be None of this was making any sense, and a single coherent thought refused to process.
There was no way that all of that could be real.  I had to be dreaming, or having a nightmare, rather.
"Wake up, Aria!"  I said frantically to myself, half-crying, half-laughing through hysteria.  But it wasn't working, it was all still happening.  There's no way-
My thoughts were interrupted as the man sent fire blazing right at Tallis.  Tallis jumped, spiraling through the air, landing on his feet behind the man.  The man turned around swiftly, but Tallis kicked him again, sending him sailing.
He landed next to me this time.  The man jumped up and grabbed me with one arm around my neck and one hand pointed to my head like a weapon.
"I'll kill her now and neither of us can have her.  If you want to share with me, I'll let you go first.  Otherwise, neither of us get her."
Then the man stared at Tallis for a moment and gasped slightly.  "You're a light eternal.  You plan to save her!  It'll never happen.  If you're a guard, you shouldn't have a light.  Why can't I smell your essence if you're a-"  He didn't finish his sentence, which only added to my mounds of confusion.
He was breathing heavily, more than likely out of breath after that epic battle.  More tears streamed from my eyes as the overwhelming amount of panic flooded me mercilessly.
Tallis smiled as if he knew something I didn't.  Then he winked at me as he threw his right hand forward.  The man's hand that had been beside my head was now gone.
Ashes fell from his arm where his hand should have been.  The man screamed in pain and stared in shock.  He dropped me and turned to run.  Tallis jumped over to me in one gallant bound.  Then he threw both of his arms forward with his hands pointed upward and his fingers spread apart.  I watched as the man turned to solid ash, and a loud boom erupted through the forest.  The man was no more.  Not even a speck of dust remained.
My heart was still racing, refusing to find a slower rhythm.
Tallis turned to look at me.  His eyes were riddled with panic and sincere concern as he gauged trembling hands.  He knelt down and scooped me up in his arms.  I whimpered involuntarily, terrified of what else might be out there.
He started walking, carrying me effortlessly.  He looked down with his still sad eyes.
"Are you okay?" he asked softly, treating me like a frightened rabbit caught in a trap.
I cleared my throat nervously.  Despite everything I just witnessed, I wasn't even the least bit afraid of him.  Although I was so ridiculously confused.
"I th... think so."  My voice went out for a moment, making it impossible say any more.
His eyes now looked even more concerned.  "Are you sure?  I wasn't sure how long he had you."
I could hear the uncertainty and shakiness in my tone. "Yeah Whwhatwhat-"  I couldn't finish my question.  I'm sure a grave sense of shock played a part in that.
"I know this is going to seem crazy, probably more than crazy, but it was a follower from the Dramus circle.  It's actually the Graven circle now.  Your grandmother told you most of the story, or at least the story she knows.  It's overwhelming, I know, but you have to grasp this as reality right now.  I have to get you to my place and make sure he didn't do more damage than we realize."
Grasp this as reality?  Are you kidding?
I couldn't possibly grasp the bedtime story Iris told me as reality, even though I saw it for myself.  It all seemed too psychotic to be real.  It had to be a dream.  I felt like I was insane for even considering such a possibility.
I was still trying to make sense of the irrational situation.
"So you're a I mean... you can And that guy was a that means that I'm a-"
He just smiled encouragingly at my stammering attempt.  "Welcome to the real world, Aria.  I just need you to try to understand and trust me right now.  I know it's a lot to digest, but we have to get out of here."
"Okay."
Okay?  I didn't know why I said that.  It just came out.  Absolutely nothing was okay, other than him holding me.  Despite all logic, I felt safe in his arms - protected.  He'd just battled some fire wielding demon to save me.
I had one arm wrapped around his neck and my other was flat against his chest.  His heart was beating fast, too.
Well duh, he was just in a massive fight with a blazer.
Oh my gosh this was real.  I started crying, overwhelmed by the complete absurdity of it all when it crashed down on me.
"It's okay.  I promise.  It's all a little much at first, but it gets better.  You'll like my sister.  She'll be able to help the overwhelming emotions you're experiencing.  My mom can help you understand things better.  Just be prepared for Desmond, my brother... He's going to be intense at first.  He's harmless though.  My dad may surprise you a bit, considering what you have been told."
It sounded like he was talking gibberish, though I'm almost sure it was English.
His voice was so sincere and calm.  Regardless of everything that had just happened, he was calm.
I didn't have the strength to speak anymore.  I just nodded in acceptance of what he said, and the next thing I knew, he was putting me in the passenger seat of my car.
I had never noticed before, but that same symbol I'd seen all over the house was imbedded on the headrests of my seats, as well as the dashboard, and even the floor mats - the crescent moon inside the eye.
How have I missed these?  Great.  I was just attacked by something that shouldn't exist, saved by a guy from school with exploding hands, and my concern was symbols etched in my car.  Perfect.  I've lost my mind.
As soon as he shut my door, it seemed like he was opening the driver's door.  I couldn't process all of this right now.  It was too much too quick, but I knew I had to.  Someone or some... thing just tried to kill me.  If it hadn't been for Tallis, the monster would have succeeded in his quest.
The music played dully in the background as he drove away from the dirt road.  I had to ask him something.  I had to know how he knew - about me in trouble and who I was, when I didn't even know.
I could hear my voice still weak and shaky as I overloaded him with my incessant list of questions.  "How did you know where I was?  How did you know he was killing me?  Who are you really?  Who am I?  What are we exactly?"
He smiled compassionately, but never took his eyes off the road as he responded with his voice still calm.  It was like it was nothing out of the ordinary for him.
"I was worried about you driving while being so upset, so I followed you.  I kept a good distance, tracking the slight scent you were leaving behind.  Its not hard to follow.  You have a strong essence.  That's why he wanted you so badly.  McKee and Taryn were a little less obvious.  I have to admit, I was impressed by your dirt road driving skills.  The way you shook them off your tail was-"
I interrupted him with panic in my voice as I sat straight up.  "That was Taryn and McKee?  Oh my gosh!  I have to go see how badly they're hurt!  I didn't know they-"
"Whoa, relax.  They're fine.  They never saw me either.  I was on foot.  They aren't hurt at all.  There's a lot you don't know about them.  I know he's your lover boy and all, but he walked away without a scratch.  I promise.  No need to panic, Aria."
I sighed in exasperation over his comment.  "He's not my lover boy.  I just met him and his sister the first day of school.  They're friends of my grandparents."  I paused briefly.  "How could they possibly be okay?  That car rolled off the road and looked like it lost a fight with a compactor."
His head bobbed once with a bit of a laugh, surprising me.  Then he smirked, still not taking his eyes off the road.  "They're invincibles, or bodyguards, whatever you want to call them."  He seemed to be enjoying all of this.
He spoke like I was supposed to know exactly he was talking about.  I knew the confusion in my voice was unmistakable.  "What is an invincible?"
"Your grandmother doesnt go into a whole lot of detail on them during her story, but an invincible - or bodyguard - is a being that is nearly indestructible.  They're immune to many witch powers, and they're sheer brute force.  They have a talent for hiding a witch's essence from the wrong person, too.
"That's why they were following you.  Your essence is so strong though, so they weren't doing such a good job.  I am, however, a better tracker than most.  I'm sure Iris told them not to take their eyes off you.  They're probably going to be in big trouble when she finds out one of the dark followers attacked you."
He snickered at that last part, enjoying the fact McKee screwed up.  Then his face turned more worried.  It was as if he just realized how close I came to dying.  Then he didn't find that so funny.  His lips pursed with extreme distress.
I broke his concentration as my voice rang out in panic yet again.  "First of all, Iris can't find out!  Secondly, who is Graven?"  I was so lost.
"Oh, Iris has to find out.  Otherwise, the next time may be far worse.  I killed that guy back there so no one would find out about you, but your essence is so strong when completely unguarded, that he probably smelled it thirty miles away the second you stepped out of your car.
"Who knows who else caught a whiff without a bodyguard around to hide you.  I'm surprised McKee and Taryn didn't track you down after the wreck.  Iris needs to be on the lookout.  When you shook your tails  meaning McKee and Taryn - you shook your protection.  They were so preoccupied tumbling that they lost their grip, and your essence most likely attracted a lot of unwanted admirers."
He talked about killing that guy as if it was an everyday occurrence.  I still hadn't even tried to reconcile that part of the day in my mind yet.  I was going to need more therapy than I'd ever be able to afford.
"So... can you disguise my scent?"  I was starting to worry about being sniffed out again, which was evident in my tone.
He laughed, finding humor in my question for no real good reason.  "No, I'm not a bodyguard, although I can slightly mask your essence when I'm close enough.  I'm sort of just like you, but with a bit of a twist.  You'll see."
Then I thought of how he reacted to me at the coffee shop.  The man who smelled almost the same as this man... he was one of them.  Tallis had thrown himself almost on top of me.
"Is that why you did that at the coffee shop?  You already knew who I was, or what I am?  What am I again?"
He smirked slightly as he replied.  "Yes, that's why I did that at the coffee shop.  If I'm close enough to you, I can mask your scent to a certain degree.  I knew you were a witch, I just didn't realize that you were a Bradbury.  Someone has been masking your blood smell as well.  It's mixed with Weislen blood, so that dilutes the smell slightly.  They've most likely masked your blood with a symbolta potion though."
"A symbolta potion?"  I turned my nose up slightly.
He laughed... again.  Glad I'm a one-girl comedy act.
"It's a tasteless liquid they most likely poured into your drink once a day.  I use the same thing to mask my blood.  The crest is liquefied and well, it gets complicated."
Crest?
I squinted slightly, regarding him curiously.  "Why would you need to mask your blood?"
He smiled.  "You aren't the only one with strong family connections.  Sometimes, it's better to be safe than sorry.  You have to try to smell blood.  It takes concentration.  I, however, don't like to leave things to chance, especially with so many of your coven around.  If I had known you were a Bradbury, then I would've been a little more careful and not taken you to the coffee house.  I would've just brought you to my house instead.  I promise I didn't mean to put you in danger."
I shrugged slightly at his comment.  "What does it a matter if I'm a Bradbury?  How did you know I was um... that?"
I couldn't bring myself to say witch.  It almost seemed silly to use such a word.
"They kept you masked well at school, but I could tell you had magic coursing through your veins.  I'm a little different than most in the magical world.  Not too many can do as I do.
"Everett is part of the magical community as well.  Most likely a bodyguard, given his behavior and stature.  The way he concentrated in the coffee shop gave him away.  He was working hard to cover your scent completely.  I knew I couldn't have masked you that well.  That guy was far too close not to smell you without a strong guard nearby."
I ignored the last part.  It was all becoming too overwhelming for me to digest.  I went back to the part where people could smell me from thirty miles away.  "What if they find us right now?  What if they're following us?"
"Not likely.  Those are protective marks."  He pointed to the symbols that had piqued my curiosity since I'd gotten to the Bradbury Manor.  "That's your family's crest.  Anyone considered a part of the Bradbury coven is protected by it.  It won't completely cover your scent once you've evolved - or inherited your powers, rather - but for now, it'll keep you safe.  Only a slight bit of your essence escapes, however, I haven't sensed anyone close enough to track you, though your scent is still all over the woods.
"The crest only works in small places like this one, your house, and your yard.  The ownership of something pushes the link to be stronger, and you can't own too much of a vast area or it weakens the crest.  You can own a lot and crest a lot, however, it has to be in smaller clusters, as opposed to one massive area.  It's the only safe way to do things."
I felt like I just flunked a class in school.  It was too much.
Then he smiled really big for no obvious reason.
"By the way, Aria, you dropped this during the attack earlier.  I picked it up for you while I was saving youyet again."  His shirt slid up slightly as he pulled something from the waist of his jeans.  Then he continued speaking in an even more adorable, but teasing tone.  "I guess I must have made quite the impression."
His cocky little smile was so smug as he handed me my sketchbook that I had been drawing on earlier.  It had his face on the open page from where I had been sketching before the lanky man attacked me.
Yep.  I wish the blonde monster had just killed me.
I felt like crawling under something... anything.  I reached over and jerked my humiliating binding out of his hand.  And then I found my self slinking down in my seat awkwardly.  He chuckled at my expense, and my cheeks burned even hotter.
My sketchbook now smelled like him though.  I'd never forget the fact it was touching his body.
"I have to admit, it was flattering to know how well you had my face memorized."
His tone grew to be even more teasing, and my embarrassment swallowed me whole.  I had to change the subject before my beaming red face gave him anymore amusement.
"So, that's twice you've mentioned my grandmother's house and the story she told.  I never saw you there during the big party."  And I know I would have noticed you.
I bit my lip, hoping he would just forget the sketch and answer the question.
He smirked even more smugly.
Then, with complete sarcasm, he responded, "Subtle."
I stifled a laugh.  He was definitely cute when he was teasing me.  He laughed a little more, but he decided to answer my question.
"I was curious as to why all the bodyguards were in town.  They're hard to miss with all of their bulging muscles.  I heard of at least thirty or forty witches coming into town, too.  It was obvious that a young witch was soon to arrive, but I didn't know which coven they belonged to until the-"
"The coffee shop," I interrupt, sick of talking about that day already.  It's like he was reassuring me he had no idea who I was related to.  What's the big deal?
He chuckled and nodded, 
"I know the Bradbury story like the back of my hand.  I just wish the Bradbury's knew the whole story.  Once you told me who you were, I knew you had heard your grandmother's story."
I swallowed hard, trying not to study him too intensely.  My heart was thudding for new reasons as my eyes trailed the curve of his jaw to his soft lips.
So not the time for these thoughts.
Fortunately, Tallis didn't notice my wandering eyes and distracted train of thought, so he continued.  "Less powerful bloodlines don't draw as much attention as the stronger bloodlines.  Even though your essence is masked, it still screams for attention.  It draws people in without them even realizing it.
"I've felt drawn to you since the first day I saw you.  I felt you that day at the mall.  I never saw you, but when I met you later at the restaurant, I felt that same tug.  I didn't realize the reason for such a strong pull until you told me of your bloodline.  You've pretty much got a target painted on you.  I'm glad I followed you after you ran out of the gym."
I cringed very noticeably.  I almost forgot about how Elaina humiliated me, given the more serious, life threatening events I just endured.
Then I smiled at him in a slightly mischievous way.  "So, you're like  stalking me in a protective manner?"  I couldn't help but tease him a little for a change.
He laughed harder.  "No.  I'm just trying to keep you alive.  You have a knack for the whole 'wrong place, wrong time' scenario."  I looked at him with a slight scowl.  He smiled and shrugged at me playfully.  "Just saying."
The car veered right, pulling down a long paved driveway.  It had symbols, too.  They were more tribal than ours, and they looked just like his tattoo.  My mind flashed back to the matching tattoos Ash and Jay shared.  Those lying, shady jerks!
My eyes fell and fixated on the tribal symbol Tallis had on his shoulder.  He saw me staring at it.
"That's my family crest."  He touched his shoulder where his tattoo was.  Then he continued.  "My mother and father constructed it centuries ago."
He reached over and unbuckled my seatbelt, though I wasn't sure why.  I could have done that myself.
He continued speaking while driving slower.  "Whenever you become fully eternal, your coven crest - or your family crest - marks you.  If you should change covens, your crest will change as well.  It's magic's way of claiming its children."
This driveway was massive, and gallant trees bounded in front of us, blocking all else.  Everything was so lush and green here, like it was spring instead of fall.
"So why didn't you come to the big welcome party?"
Grandma Iris invited all kinds of beings from the magical world obviously, so I couldn't imagine why he wouldn't have been invited as well, or why he wouldn't have come.
He seemed distracted, looking around as he gave me a very nonchalant, vague answer.  "Oh, well, you know.  Family stuff.  Long story."
He parked directly in front of a house that somehow managed to sneak up on me in my distracted frame of mind.  It was so massive and contemporary.  It was an A-frame type architecture - three or four stories high.  It had amazing attention to detail.  The stacking stones layered it, making it all the more breathtaking.
As soon as the car quit rolling, my door flew open and Tallis was scooping me up, carrying me swiftly to the door.  He was so fast.  I guess that's why he unbuckled my seatbelt before we even stopped.
I smiled at him, looking him directly in his breathtakingly mystifying eyes, as I spoke with a playful tone.  "Show off."
He smiled bigger than I'd seen him smile yet, as he carried me in and placed me on the couch that felt like voluptuous folds of sheer heaven.  It was so soft and everything smelled so good, almost tropical.  The whole house had such a peaceful and relaxing feel to it.
I started to stand up as he walked out of the room, but he quickly rebuked my attempt.
"What're you doing?  Sit back down."
He was back at my side in an instant, gently forcing me back down on the couch.
My voice was nervous again from being in his home.  I wasn't prepared for the nerves to hit me like they were.
I need to use your restroom."
"Oh, no problem."  Then he scooped me back up, treating me like an infant.  My eyes widened.
"You're so not carrying me in there.  I'm good to walk."
I could feel my face blushing deeply yet again.  He smirked, now slightly blushing as well.
He spoke in a softer, less worried tone.  "Okay, but I'm walking you to the door."
I stared at him, trying to figure out a way to sidestep the awkwardness.  He noticed what I was thinking and spoke to me somewhat comically.
"I'm not going to stand at the door and listen to you do your business."
Oh this was so mortifying.  "I just need a minute to compose myself before I meet the rest of your family."  I started to finger-comb through my hair as I spoke.  "I think it would be better if I didn't look like I was just drug through the woods."
"Whatever you say.  You look good, considering how much you were tossed around."  He leaned forward and caressed my cheek softly.  "You're going to be okay, you know.  I'll make sure of it."
He was so close to me.  His body was discharging the most sensational heat I had ever felt before.  It was like he had his own gravity field that pulled me in.
He leaned over and I prepared myself for whatever he was about to do.  I started to close my eyes as he opened the door to a bathroom behind me.  Here it is."
I felt like a bit of a fool now.
"Oh, yeah, thanks."
He bit back a grin, but it was pointless.  He finally walked away, laughing, and leaving me with my humiliation for thinking he was about to frigging kiss me.
He enjoyed making me squirm.  I was sort of enjoying it, too.  I just wish I didn't sound like a babbling goof all the time.
It suddenly hit me, and I grew incredibly nervous.  I was about to meet his family.  I'd never met any guy's family.  Albeit this wasn't a date or anything. It was still gut-wrenching.
I tried to reason with myself, lessen the severity of the situation.
It's just a meeting with someone who's going to explain all the crazy to me.  And it just happens to be his mother.
Nope.  No better.
I fought off the panic attack that was begging to take hold of me.  When I realized I was fighting a losing battle, I splashed cold water on my face.  It was then I was thankful for Aster and Ash's thoroughness with the waterproof makeup.  I looked bad enough without also looking like a raccoon.
I tamed down my hair that had been blown all over the place.  I really regretted not changing out of my gym clothes at that moment.
I walked out of the bathroom and turned off the light.  I exhaled loudly before I started walking back into the living room, and there they all were.  They were all sitting, waiting, and staring at me.  I felt so incredibly uncomfortable as they studied me, making me feel on display.
Tallis jumped up and walked over to me, snaking his arm around my waist to lead me to the smaller sofa, and then he sat down beside me.  His arm slid across my shoulders, trying to help comfort me... I guessed.  But it didn't help very much.
The pretty girl I saw with him at the restaurant was here - his sister.  She walked over to me, and I suddenly felt so peaceful and comforted.  She smiled warmly at me as serenity filled my veins.
Her hair was so blonde it was almost white.  Her skin was flawlessly pale, but her cheeks were a perfect subtle light pink - an almost natural blush color.  Her eyes were icy blue, the lightest blue I'd ever seen.  Her slender body was cloaked with a white hooded cape.  She wore a knee-length, white lacy dress under it.
She pulled off her hood as she walked away, resuming her place beside her mother.
Then a darker haired woman spoke in a very soft and warm sort of tone.  "My name is Allaysia.  I'm Tallis's mother, as I'm sure you've already guessed.  Don't worry, you're safe here.  They couldn't have tracked you.  Tallis is good at spotting tails."
Tallis looked at me and raised his eyebrows up and down in a cocky manner.  He was proud of the confidence his mother had in him.
Allaysia was amazingly beautiful.  She didn't look old enough to be their mother.  She looked maybe thirty-four, thirty-five.  She had long black hair and midnight blue eyes.  She wore an elegant knee-length, high-waist skirt, with a cashmere button-up blouse tucked into it.  She had a beautiful pearl necklace and a pair of pearl earrings to complement the bracelet that was also made of pearls.
"Tallis told us who you are and what happened today.  There have been scouts coming in and out of here.  They know a new witch has reached an age where the guardians can no longer mask her.  They know you're here - they just don't know who you are... yet.  We have to talk to your family and let them know what's going on."
I didn't even know what was going on.  Guardians?  Reached what age?  Of all the questions, there was one that plagued me the most.  Why does she seem scared of facing my family?  Why do they all seem apprehensive about it?
"Okay," I murmured.  "Lets go.  I'll call my grandma to let her know we're on our way."
Tallis's brother was sitting beside Allaysia.  He was incredibly stocky and seemed very displeased with my being there.  He startled me when jumped up in protest to my response and its casualness.
"No!  I don't feel like fighting off an ambush from the Bradbury coven!  They'll hang us up by our feet before they even let us speak!  She shouldn't be here either.  This is all outrageous."
I was taken aback by his outburst.  I wasn't expecting that.
"Desmond!" Allaysia scolded, but he ignored her, his eyes intensely focused on me, silently willing me to disappear forever.
I looked over at Tallis who was glaring at his brother.  "Not necessary to yell at her, Des.  She has no idea what's going on right now.  Until today, she didn't even know what it meant to be a Bradbury.  Not until some half-wit blazing scout was seeking her out.  Do you mind telling me how she's guilty of anything but being oblivious to all the secrets of our world?"
His tone was so strong and steady.  He seemed to sound incredibly protective of me.  It made me feel better just hearing such emotion from him.  Although, I wasn't sure what anything he said meant, nor did I understand what Desmond had meant.
Desmond responded to Tallis with a more callous and exaggeratedly dramatic tone than before.  "She doesn't know because they shelter their witches - like their so coveted.  I bet none of them can do what you do.  Not even her.  I bet none of them can do what I can, or what Ayla can either.  They've probably never seen anything like our power.  That's the real reason they hate us."
"Hate you?"  I questioned impulsively, not intending to.  It just popped out of my mouth as unexpectedly as a random hiccup.  I coiled myself into the protective arms of Tallis, in fear of another outburst from Desmond.
He started to unleash a new wrath on me, but then I saw Ayla touch his cheek and he sat back down.  His face seemed to return to a normal color instead of the bright crimson red that had taken over.
He went from angry to peaceful within seconds.  Then Ayla spoke.  Her voice was soothing - as gentle as a cool breeze on a hot day.  It seemed as if she was completely neutral.
"They don't hate us.  They don't yet even know we exist.  They'll hate where we come from.  They only know what they've been told.  They haven't heard the whole story.  No one has ever tried to tell them either.  We've all worried they would reject our story and then the shred of hope for an alliance would be shattered.
"We haven't given them the opportunity to make a decision - right or wrong.  We can only assume the history between our families will cause them to judge too quickly.  But, now we have a young Bradbury, which Tallis has saved, to vouch for us.  She has seen who we are.  This has been necessary for a long time, and she has given us a reason to do it."
She returned to her mother's side and pulled her hood back over her head.
Allaysia patted her daughter's leg.  "Ayla's right.  We haven't given them the benefit of the doubt.  I think no matter what happens, it's time.  I want you to hear first," she said, turning her attention to me.  "They may listen a little more if one of their own understands.  Tallis promises that you're a good person.  His faith in you is enough for me."
I looked up and smiled at Tallis.  He looked down and grinned at me, making my stomach flutter.  His arm got tighter around my body.  It felt so warm and perfectly safe.  His mother got a book from the shelf, similar to the one I had seen Iris read from before, only thicker.  I leaned against Tallis, resting my head against his chest.
He looked down and concern flashed across his face.  "Are you okay?  Are you hurting?  Should I-"
"Shh," I interrupted, and then I spoke in a whispered voice as I continued.  "I'm fine.  I just haven't gotten all my strength back yet."
I leaned in a little more, and he held me tighter in response.
The truth?  I was plenty strong enough to sit up.  I just wanted him to hold me closer.  Pathetic, I know, but effective nonetheless.
Despite the unbelievably disorienting day I'd dealt with, it was so nice to finally be next to him.  His absolutely magnificent scent flooded me in the most exhilarating way.  I couldn't help but nestle myself into his embrace even more.  I could feel his chest rising and falling with each breath, and the fire consumed me as it always did when I felt his touch.
Allaysia walked over and sat down in a small rocking chair in front of the fireplace.  She cleared her throat slightly as she began to read aloud.
Chapter 6

Two Sides to Every Story

It's much harder to hear the whole truth and not just the truth that is the easiest to accept.

"In the beginning of magic, Isis Bradbury was granted the first gifts of magic and true immortality.  She was the mother of all magic.  However, there was another woman who was chosen as well.  Women were natural conductors for magic in the beginning, before it evolved.  The second woman chosen was Allora Selan.  Her light was just as pure as the light of Isis.
"Several centuries passed and magic evolved.  Allora found her soul mate, Dramus Craymon.  Allora never let Dramus or anyone else know of her true powers, which were the same as Isis's abilities.  She could control every bit of magic she had come into contact with.
"She claimed to only be a blinder, so she could stay back in the shadows and live her life without the high expectations that people had for Isis.  Allora was a little more reserved and timid than Isis.  She also did not bear the confidence Isis had.  She enjoyed getting to hide in the shadows while Isis shined like a bright star.
"Dramus was light at first, but then he started becoming different.  A young witch who was close to transformation had tried luring Dramus away from Allora.  Dramus was a powerful enforcer with a prestigious name, a pillar among magical community, so plotting girls had ulterior motives quite often.
"He originally had no intention of leaving Allora; however, he was happy about how badly the young witch wanted him.  His vanity knew no bounds.
"Her essence was strong, so he pondered if she would make a better mate than Allora, his blinder.  He knew soul mates were irreplaceable, and he could never truly love anyone else, but his most passionate desire was to be more powerful than Isis and Merlin.
"He was in second place, and that wasn't good enough.  Sometimes power in the wrong hands can cause one to be greedy.  Sometimes, with someone who has malicious intentions, greed even outweighs love.
"He kissed the mortal witch with the intentions of simply being promiscuous for a while, waiting to find out her true powers.  He suddenly found himself inhaling her essence.  He could feel himself getting stronger with each drawn breath.
"He could see that he was killing the young witch, but he couldn't have cared less for her wellbeing.  His light turned dark as he slowly killed the witch, the first one to ever do so.  Magic had been tarnished and a new era began.
"Soul mates were more connected than most people understood at the time.  Allora, who had no intentions of ever stealing another's essence, suddenly found herself with the same dark light as her bonded mate.  It was nothing she could control.  She was weaker than Dramus because she had never laid full claim to her power.
"Magic had evolved in an unexpected way.  At the time, all lights were white and pure, just as magic had intended for them to be.  At the time magic chose her soul mate, Dramus was light, like her.  Nowadays, you never have soul mates on opposing sides - magic adapts.
"Allora worked for decades trying to exercise the gifts she had left dormant.  She practiced anytime Dramus was away.  She just wanted to reserruct her light, her purity.  She didn't want his tainted magic invading her.  To break free and destroy him, she needed to be stronger.
"She knew if she let him know about her hidden powers, he would use her to rule with darkness.  She was trying so hard to be stronger than him, desperate to free the world from the monster in her bed.
"Soul mates are linked, but Isis and Allora could control what Merlin and Dramus knew, because of their incredible gifts.  It was a secret clause that magic had given them, just in case.
"Allora was able to keep her thoughts secret from Dramus and she projected his mind with the things she wanted him to believe.  She had seen Merlin and Isis coming to kill her.  She knew it was the only way destroy Dramus and end his reign of darkness when she failed to ever grow stronger than him on her own.
"He was becoming stronger everyday, and more and more started to follow him into the dark.  He quickly found himself crowned king among his devil worshipers.  Such praise only fed his ego and fueled his lust for more power.
"Allora and Dramus had three children that no one else in the magical world knew about, and the majority still don't.
"Graven was the eldest, Aylana was the middle, and... Allaysia was the youngest."
I gasped, not really meaning to.  Tallis loosened his grip on me as his body got tense.  Desmond's jaw clenched while his eyes glared into mine, daring me to say the wrong thing.
"You're safe, Aria, but if you decide you don't want to hear any more, I understand," Allaysia said softly, careful not to spook me.
I could feel the anguish in the room.  They were tortured souls atoning for the sins of their family.  I couldn't very well abandon them.  I didn't want to.  I didn't feel threatened, and I was safely tucked in Tallis's arms.
"I'm fine.  Sorry.  Please continue," I murmured softly, smiling lightly when Tallis's grip tightened again.
She nodded and took a deep breath before readying herself for the rest of the story.
"No one knew of their existence because of what evil plans Dramus had in store.  Graven chose the dark and began following in his father's footsteps.  Aylana chose light, insulting her father with her insolence.
"Dramus was furious.  He didn't even know they really had a choice.  She had chosen her side and awaited her transformation.  Dramus planned to force her light to change by locking her up until she drained an essence after her transformation.
"To keep her safe, Allora sent her away to be hidden from Dramus.  However, Dolian, the leader of the changers, hunted her down.  He and Dramus had been planning an attack of unimaginable proportions.  Every human and every light eternal would be destroyed.  Only evil would prevail.  Only some of the stronger families would be kept imprisoned to produce future witches.
"He was mad with power, and Dolian was just as dark.  Allora had betrayed him by sending away Aylana.  He decided to punish her in a way that would devastate her the most.  He planned to make her too terrified to ever cross him again.  There was only one way to accomplish such a feat.
"When Dramus found Aylana, he drank her essence and left his daughter's body somewhere in Egypt, where Allora had sent her to be safe.  Allora felt the pain of her daughter's death as if it were her own.  It was worse than dying herself. 
"Allora's hatred for Dramus grew immensely after that.  She hated him for what he had done to her light.  She hated him for what he had done to their daughter.  She hated him for not even letting her bury her daughter properly.  She had seen the future that he had planned to create, and how he had planned to use their children in his dark circle.  Graven had chosen dark already, and Aylana had died for choosing light.  There was only one child left.
"Dramus carried a bodyguard with him at all times.  Their power is limited though.  They can only hide you for a maximum of three weeks.  He would swap out guards here and there.  He kept himself cloaked at all times so he could hide his plans from Isis and Merlin.  They only saw bits and pieces of his plan when he would change guards.  Dramus was always prowling for new essences to steal and never remained behind the protective crests of his home that blocked the seers from their visions.
"He always pressed his guards to keep him cloaked.  It was exhausting for the guards to use their magic continually, but Dramus did not care.  He didn't know, however, that because Allora was his soul mate, the bodyguards could not cloak him from her.  Soul mate bonds were stronger than any outside magic.  Even still, he didn't know she could see the future at all, so he never thought to worry about such things.  He only knew of her blinding power.
"Allora had a vision one night about her youngest daughter, Allaysia.  She saw Allaysia choosing light, and she saw Dramus killing her just as he had Aylana.  This time, he planned to make Allora watch her daughter die.  Allora saw herself attacking him, but not being able to use her power against him.
"Allora refused to let him kill another one of her children.  A mother's love may have been even stronger than the bondage of a soul mate.  She knew she would never be able to kill Dramus herself. She loathed him in every possible way, but she was bonded to him.  Magic would have never allowed it.  She was imprisoned by a bond that was never intended to cause pain.  He was bound as well.  Otherwise, he would have killed her long ago, when she had hidden Aylana.  She only knew of one option to exact her revenge and free the world of his destruction.
"She still knew a few people from the light circle that she could trust, and she knew they would take care of her daughter without anyone finding her before her transformation.  At the time, Allaysia was still just seven-years-old.  There was a changer who knew the details of Allora's predicament, and knew that she had never chosen the dark light for herself.  His name was Damon Verdan.  She sent Damon away with her daughter."
Verdan?  That meant... but Tallis wasn't a changer.  I saw him use powers.  He didn't shift into some beast.
Allaysia paused as her husband came to sit down and put his arm around her.  I watched as he offered her an encouraging smile and wiped the tear from her eye.  No matter where they came from, they weren't evil.  There was too much love flowing in the house for them to be tainted in any way.
Tallis slid down in the seat a little, wary of my reaction.  He studied me, waiting for me to respond to what I'd just learned.  Without thinking, I reached for his free hand and interlocked our fingers.  I could almost feel sparks erupt, and he smirked as his eyes became solely focused on mine.
Allaysia cleared her throat from the emotions that had crept up on her before she continued, drawing my attention away from Tallis.  My fingers slipped out of his just as she started again.
"Allora then did the only thing she could think of to stop Dramus.  He was too powerful and indestructible with all the essences he had stolen.  She was the only weakness he had.  If she died, then he would be weakened enough for Isis to kill him.
"Her plan was to send Isis a vision of her alone and offer her the location where their castle was.  She also showed her that Dramus far away.  She knew they would come for her swiftly, because they were rarely able to get visions about Allora and Dramus.
"She disabled the crests so they could break in with little resistance.  She dispersed most of the guards before Isis and Merlin arrived.  She planned to fight briefly, only blinding them.  If she gave in too easily, Dramus would have sensed the betrayal.  She planned to use her link as his soul mate to let him see her fighting them.  She never planned to hurt them, she only wanted them to kill her.
"She never told Isis who she was or showed her anything that would have cleared her name from defamation. She knew Isis would never kill her if she had.  It was yet another sacrifice she had to make.  Ideally, Dramus would chase them down to try and kill them, not realizing he had become vulnerable due to Allora's death.  Then Isis and Merlin could destroy him and Allora's daughter could live on in peace.
"The first part of her plan worked.  They chased Allora down and destroyed her, but they quit chasing Dramus instead of pressing on.  When Isis drained Allora, it had taken so much strength for Allora to hide her noble intentions and only reveal the evil plans that Dramus had for their future.
"Unfortunately, she had to leave out the part he had planned for her children.  They never saw Graven, because of Allora's will to mask Allaysia.  Another oversight in her plan occurred as well.  Dramus never sought revenge for her death, as almost any soul mate would have done.  The reason he was able to resist was the same reason she was able to offer herself as a sacrifice to aid in his death.
"It was the light division between them.  They were together before there was any such thing and since then, it has never happened.  Although her light appeared dark and tainted, it truly was not.  It was just as pure as ever.   Soul mates should never be divided in their lights, and now it's impossible.
"They didn't realize he would be able to regain his strength, although it did leave him weak enough for Isis to kill him eventually. Had Allora lived, Dramus would have survived that decimating blast with his unnatural invincibility.
"It was a silent sacrifice with so many high prices to pay for her descendents that stayed light.  Allora cast one last spell as Isis had in her final moments.  She created a whole new form of magic.  They were called light guardians.
"They were magical beings who could hide a witch's essence until they transformed.  Unlike the bodyguards, their time was not limited, at least not intentionally.  Allora had left her magic dormant for so long that the spell didn't have enough power to do as she wished.  Instead of staying hidden until they were transformed, they were hidden until they were somewhere around sixteen or seventeen.
"That was all the power she had.  The guardians would feel when the time was drawing near and the mortal witch would have to leave in order to keep them hidden for the next witch in need of their assistance.
"Using her dreaming power, she projected the image into her daughter's head with all the strength she had to show her everything.  She didn't care if everyone else in the world hated her, she had to show her daughter the truth.  She also gave her daughter the information on the guardians she had created.
"Her daughter anonymously let witches know about their existence and many witches were saved because of this.  It was one of the most tremendous contributions in the world of magic, and no one even knew who had created it.  Since the guardians were created from a mothers love, there was a good side effect.  The parents of the witch would also be masked by the guardians until the age limit.  A gift that was more remarkable than anything.
"Parents didn't just have to send their kids off to hide without them.  They were able to raise them and ensure their safety, without jeopardizing them because of their own essence.  Usually, after the young witch left, the parents would stay behind for a while, protected by guards, to ensure the safety of the guardian tribe."
I swallowed hard, trying to digest it all.  I still didn't understand everything, but I was sure it was hard to pile centuries worth of drama into one sitting.
"So you're Damon Verdan?" I ask, looking at Tallis's father.
He smirked and shook his head.  "Edmond, Damon's son.  Yes, though, I am a changer.  Does that make you uncomfortable?"
Did that make me uncomfortable?  No.  The creepy guy with eyes that turned black while he was killing me made me uncomfortable.
"No."
He smiled, offering a glance to Tallis.  He seemed to be having a silent conversation with his son.
Allaysia dried her tears with a tissue, and then she continued on with a more personal touch.
"Until us, no one knew soul mates could be beyond the realm of your magic.  Then, we had children, despite the danger.  Ayla, named after Aylana, was the first.  Then Desmond, named after Edmond, was next.  Finally, there was Tallis, named after Talisman.
"They're special in the sense no one can smell their essence, and seers can't see them.  The witch's essence and the changer's essence cancel each other out in an unexpected but pleasant way.  Their powers are strong from their bloodline, due to Allora and their Craymon grandfather's indiscretions.  They've lived covertly and hidden from the light and dark followers because we don't belong to either.  We've been forever ostracized as pariahs in the world of magic."
That was heartbreaking.  I hated knowing Tallis had suffered.  I felt... so protective, so angry that he had been punished for something that had nothing to do with him.  I'd make this right.  I had to.  It felt like it was my responsibility.
Chapter 7

Bad Blood

Fear of the unknown is the reason for panic and war.  Kindness and acceptance is the reason for peace.

The drive back to my grandmother's house was intense.  Tallis drove my car as I sat nervously popping my fingers.  He was so serious, and he kept his eyes straight ahead, driving in complete silence.
Allaysia and Edmond followed us in their silver Audi, and Desmond and Ayla followed them in her white convertible BMW.
I reached over and put my hand on Tallis's right shoulder for encouragement.  He smiled slightly, still staring at the road as he reached across his body with his left hand and placed his palm over the top of my hand.
We pulled up in the driveway, where he released me, and we were met with all of my family... and my grandparents' friends.  Everyone's face was riddled with worry, and they were scowling at the unknown company I carried.  They couldnt smell the essence of Tallis, Desmond, or Ayla, but they could smell Allaysia and Edmond as they walked up.
Anesta, Iris's sister, stood in front of the family with a murderous glare, acting as though she was ready to pounce at any second.  She held her hand to her side as if she was about to do something, but Iris stepped up and stopped her.
Iris spoke in a cautious and worrisome tone, her eyes anywhere but on me as she spoke.  "Arisianna, dear, I have been worried sick.  Where have you been?"  She shifted her glances between the whole Verdan family, studying them carefully.
I hesitated as to how to get this whole conversation started.  I was horrible at articulating things the way I wanted them to come out lately.  I blamed Tallis and magic for that.
"I went for a drive after school, but I realized someone was chasing me.  I got scared and did what I had to in order to get away.  I was absolutely terrified."
"Oh"  Iris tried to sound surprised but her tone was all too obvious.  She wasn't too good at acting surprised or acting at all when she was distracted.
I took a deep breath.  "Well, not someone.  Taryn and McKee were following me, although I didn't know that at the time I made them wreck."
I could see Tallis smirk out of the corner of my eye.
Iris's scolding glance shot toward Taryn and McKee who were bowing their heads in shame.  She fumbled around for the right words.  "So you What makes you think that Taryn and McKee wrecked?  They don't have a mark on them.  Look for yourself."   She held her hand out to prompt me to look at them.
Her voice was shaky.  She worried what I knew.  It was almost as if she was baiting me, and I took the bait without hesitance.  I was ready to let her know that I knew about everything... well, the basics.  My voice was steady as I replied.
"I'm sure that has something to do with their invincibility."
Her eyes narrowed at the whole Verdan family and Anesta took a step forward, beaming red with fury.
"What did they tell you!?"  Anesta barked, showing her rage.
The Verdan family took a step back.  I was handling this all wrong.  Suddenly, I saw a sense of calm spread over Anesta.  I looked over at Ayla who had removed her white hood and stared at Anesta with her pale blue eyes that seemed to be even lighter now.
Anesta stepped back, relaxed.  Iris noticed that Ayla was using magic on her sister, but she had never seen it before.
"What is she doing to Anesta?  Is she hurting her?"  Now Iris sounded confused and worried.
She was becoming irritated and I heard the wind start to stir.  An elemental... like her story.  There was an elemental daughter of Isis who survived.  A revelation spiraled around me.  I understood the whole thing now.  My grandmother really was immortal and she had to witness her mother sacrifice herself.  That would make Anesta the healer that survived.
I had to stop thinking and start speaking.  "She's calming her down.  They don't want to fight.  They want a chance to tell their story."
"Why should we listen?  I smell the Craymon blood from here.  She's a Craymon.  I don't know how much you know, dear, but I can promise you that nothing good comes from Craymon blood," Iris admonished, her eyes burning against my newfound allies.
Someone help me.
"You're right about me not knowing much, but I do know more than you do about something.  I really think you should listen.  Just hear their story.  Hear it for me."
"I don't know of any reason I should hear their story."  She had tears in her eyes thinking of how her mother had to sacrifice herself to destroy Dramus - their blood.  She was treating me as if I was betraying her.  I could feel the anger and resentment in her voice growing every time she spoke.
I was sick of this.  I knew if they would just listen, then they would understand.  Tallis was the only reason I was even alive.  I wasn't going to just let her dismiss them.
My voice took a whole different tone.  I was more forcefully demanding than I had even known I could be.  "Reason number one should be because your granddaughter is asking you to.  Reason number two is because they saved my life today from a danger I didn't even know could exist."  My eyes watered up thinking back to how I had almost died.
I heard Tallis make a sound, and it looked like he winced as he reached around my back and put his hand on my side.  My grandmother's face suddenly carried a wave of emotion on it.  She went from mad to guilty to concerned to surrender.
"Who, what?"  Her voice was trembling slightly from my unexpected revelation as she stuttered.
Tallis pulled me closer as his voice cracked while he answered for me.  "It was a blazing scout.  They know someone is new in town.  He had already started draining her when I got there."
I interrupted him when I saw the look of horror on Iris's face.  I could see my brothers' jaws clenched tight with fury and my sisters' faces streaked with tears from the realization that I had almost died.  I was quieter when I spoke this time.
"Tallis saved me.  He did something and the guy blew up," I said too casually, sounding overly familiar with this crazy world I'd just been launched into.  "Then he carried me back to his house and explained to me what was going on.  I have to say, this has all been a bit overwhelming for me.  I'm just asking that you listen to what they have to say before passing any judgment."
Allaysia interjected as she saw concern for a new reason spread across their faces.  "We had a washer cleanse the area so there was no trace of her essence left.  My house had protective eyes all around it, ensuring no one followed.  She's safe for now, but they will be back.  They don't know we exist and we can help you if you allow us to do such."
My grandmother looked at me with nothing but pure unadulterated guilt in her eyes.   I think she felt as though she had let me down.  She shifted her eyes to meet Allaysia's.  Her tone was not as offensive anymore as she questioned her.
"Why was your son watching her?"
Allaysia raised her eyes to meet Iris's stare.  "Because I asked him to.  We've been watching mortal witches for centuries.  We've saved the lives of many, including your daughter, Jaslene.  Edmond saved her from the same sort of fatal circumstances long ago, during her mortal period.  There are many things we should discuss.  If you hear me out, you'll understand why I mean you no harm."
Anesta seemed to come back around out of her moment of induced serenity.  "We cant trust them, Iris.  You smell their blood.  You see the changer.  Two sides of betrayal cannot make someone trustworthy.  It can only lead to more betrayal.  We can't be the fools we once were."
Iris sighed.  "Magic evolves, sister.  Isis tried to tell us more, but there was no time.  There was more, so much more that she needed teach us.  So much more she wanted to teach us.  She saw something more in the future, but she couldn't tell us what.  I trust the magic.  You can see their light, and I trust my granddaughter, who is alive because of him.  Isis told us to always trust the magic and our hearts.  The light is the magic, and my family is my heart.  Maybe that's what she meant.  I feel certain it is."
Anesta nodded her head with reluctant acceptance.  She didn't like it a bit, but she respected her sister's decision.  Being that Iris was the matriarch of the family, and apparently the head of the coven, everyone agreed to listen.  They would all do as Iris did.  I trusted my grandma to listen and believe.
Tallis gripped me tighter again and McKee glared at him for doing so.  Ayla was the first Verdan to enter the Bradbury house.  It was tense as people walked by the Verdan's.
Ayla and Jay circled each other in a peculiar fashion before sitting side by side on the couch.  Selesha wasn't too far away from them.  Desmond crouched in a corner away from everyone, like he was waiting for something bad to happen.  He didn't trust my family the least bit.
Everyone else seated themselves around Allaysia and Iris.  Ash gazed at Desmond and he stared back.  There was something so indescribably intense about their eye lock.  It was as if they knew something we didn't.
I sat down beside Tallis on the arm of the large chair, as he set in the seat of it.  It wasn't exactly comfortable, but I felt like I had to be close to him.  Not to mention, it was the only seat left.
I guessed he saw me twitching uncomfortably, because he suddenly slid me off the arm of the chair and into his lap.  That was certainly enough to appease my desire to be close to him.
He smiled at me as he wrapped his arms around my waist and I nestled myself into him.  My face was inches from his neck as I laid my head on his shoulder.  I wanted to just reach over and lock my lips with his.  I wanted to kiss his neck as I watched him take each breath.
His hands were touching my bare skin from where my shirt had slid up just barely.  Heat spread throughout my body.  He turned his head to where our eyes met.  We stared at each other as if it was only us there.
His eyes burned with intensity as his hands seemed to grip my side tighter.  It felt like he was fighting the same hormonal urges I was.  He cut away from my stare suddenly.  Then he cleared his throat and moved his hands to where they were on top of my shirt.
I huffed with a little disappointment at the loss of skin contact.  I was so wrapped up in Tallis that I hadn't even noticed Allaysia had already begun telling the story.
Chapter 8

An Unlikely Alliance

You cannot hear the truth unless you're willing to listen.

Allaysia and the others hung around as various members of the Bradbury coven dispersed.  Iris and Allaysia had more in common than they had expected.  Iris had lost siblings, too, but never at her own father's hand.  They seemed to really understand each other and they talked for hours that night.  They had a common enemy, and they needed the strength of the families to combine to have a chance of defeating the dark.
I walked Tallis upstairs to see my room.  I wanted him all to myself.  When we got up there though, we heard giggling.  I rolled my eyes at my botched plan to get Tallis alone.
I peeked into the game room to see who the giggling was coming from.  It was Jay and Ayla.  I was kind of surprised by that.
"What are you two doing?" I asked, raising my brow.
"Oh We're just talking about stuff."  Jay looked like a kid who just got caught stealing candy.
Ayla smiled at me.  "Jay is immune to my powers.  It's fascinating to me, because no one ever has been.  Not even changers or bodyguards.  I also feel around him."
My eyebrows scrunched slightly as I tried to understand her comment.  "Feel what?"  I asked, somewhat confused.
"I feel something, I feel everything.  I've never felt anything but peace and serenity for my entire life.  Even as a mortal, before I inherited my powers, I couldn't feel.  Never anger, happiness, sadness... nothing besides tranquility and peace.  With your brother next to me during the story, I was able to shed my first tear.  When my mother and Iris hugged, I felt happiness for the first time.  When Jay touched me, I felt butterflies in my stomach."
Jay's eyes lit up when she said that last part.  Then she touched her cheeks that were blushing.  For the first time ever, I now know what embarrassment feels like as well.  This is so truly amazing." She and Jay giggled slightly at her comment.
I hadn't given much thought to it, but it would be difficult to live life with only one emotion.  Tallis smiled at his sister's amusement, her ability to feel happy for the first time.  He grabbed my hand and pulled me away from the room, so Jay and Ayla could be alone.
He was still holding my hand when we walked into my room.  "So this is where Aria sleeps," he said, plopping down on my bed and taking in the surroundings of my jungle-themed bedroom.  "You like the jungle stuff, huh?"
I sat down about a foot away from him, answering his question as I lowered my body to the bed.  "Yeah, it reminds me of home."
All day I had wanted to be as close to him as possible, but not now.  I'd never had a boy in my room, and certainly not on my bed.  I'd never even kissed a guy.  I was nervous and insecure all of the sudden.
This was exactly what I'd wanted, and now I was so tense that you would have thought I was sitting on a bed made of needles.  He seemed to be as casual and confident as usual.  Then he leapt from the bed, startling me a little.  He walked over to the window and looked around as if he was studying something.
"What are you looking at?"  I asked quizzically. I knew what I was looking at - his lean, perfectly sculpted body leaned up against the edge of window with one arm propped against the top of the frame.
"Just memorizing which one is yours."  He flashed a smile and walked over to my suitcases, still unpacked.
"You going somewhere?"  He looked concerned.  His voice was almost distressed by the thought.
"No.  I just haven't unpacked some of my things.  They're just some of my sketches and mementos from my old home.  There really hasn't been a whole lot of unpacking time."
I was pleased to see that he didn't want me going anywhere.
"Oh. Well, then I can go.  You're probably pretty exhausted anyway, and you have to get up early for school."
He started to walk off, but I grabbed his wrist before I even realized it.  My body reacted as if it was a reflex to stop him.  I couldn't help myself.  I couldn't let him leave tonight.
I'd felt so inexplicably compelled to be with him every moment I could.  My eyes were restless when he was out of sight.  My ears needed to hear his voice.  My nose desired to smell his bewitching scent.  My body craved his touch, and my lips were desperate to be introduced to his.
He glanced down at my hand on his wrist, and then he looked directly into my eyes.  I didn't move as his hand went to my waist.  His fingertips started pulling my body toward his in a very slow, simmering motion.  The desire to be close to him had overwhelmed me for so long that I was just ready to surrender.
His strong arms laid me gently on the bed.  Then he crawled to where his body was elevated above me, staring deeply into my eyes.   His lips were so dangerously close to mine.  I sat back against the headboard and bit my lip in anticipation.  His lips were just inches away and getting closer every second.
I put my hand flat against his chest, and my other one on the back of his neck.  Our eyes connected, and I could feel the heat again.  My desire was insuppressible, ready to burst free and claim me.
He leaned forward.  This was finally it.  This was going to be my first kiss.  The perfect guy was going to be mine.
"Spoiler Alert!"  A loud, obnoxious voice rang out, and Tallis and I both leapt off the bed with haste, dropping our hands guiltily to our sides.  It was Taryn, and of course, McKee was with her.
Her eyes playfully narrowed as she smirked.  Obviously she had seen the heated entanglement Tallis and I had been engulfed in before she crudely interrupted us.
"Sorry to interrupt," she said insincerely, her eyes taunting me with a teasing endeavor.  "We just wanted to apologize for scaring you earlier."
McKee had his hands in his pockets while he leaned up against the doorframe, sulking very noticeably.
Tallis rolled his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest.  I looked at him, so fascinated by the fact that, despite the interruption, we might still kiss.  Then I looked at Taryn.  I wanted to apologize for making them flip, but I really wanted them to just leave even more.  My hormones won out over my guilt.
"It's fine.  I wish I hadn't been so paranoid."  In an effort to keep the conversation from continuing, I added an obvious ending.  "See you tomorrow at school."
McKee leaned away from the doorframe, talking quietly as he did so.  "See ya, Aria.  Call me if you need me for anything at all."
He offered a threatening gaze to Tallis, but he ignored McKee's warning glare.  I gave a quick wave and turned back toward Tallis.  They were on their way out the door when I heard several people coming down the hall.
My hands flew up in an aggravated sort of manner as I let out an unintentional outburst with exaggerated agitation in my tone.  "Oh no!  Now what?"
I didn't actually mean to say that aloud.  I heard Tallis snicker at my disappointment for our spoiled moment.
"Arisianna!"  Someone's voice was panicked.  It sounded like Iris's voice, somewhat.
I kept the same agitated tone as I addressed her.  "Yeah, grandma?"
Now what happened?  I just needed ten minutes alone with Tallis, and I couldn't seem to catch a break.
She came into view... sort of.  "Arisianna, honey, something has come up."
It was her voice, it just wasn't as feeble and scratchy as it had been.  She sounded rejuvenated.  It certainly was not her face, or body, or even her hair.
She had long flowing vibrant red waves in place of her silvery white bun.  Her face was smooth, no lines or wrinkles anymore.  Her body was more lively, and her hands were smooth and young.
"Grandma?"  I was in shock.
"Oh, sorry, dear."  She touched her face and hair, remembering that she no longer looked like the little old lady I had known her to be.  "I was thirty-five when I became eternal.  Making myself look aged takes a lot of concentration.  I didn't see any reason to keep up the charade since you knew."
I just nodded, still a little astonished by the unexpected transformation.
She came over to where I was.  "We've called an emergency meeting with the heads of the strongest light families.  Allaysia and Edmond will be joining us.  None of knew about Graven organizing like he has.  One of the bodyguards just spotted another scout.  He was an electric.  They're planning something.  We have to get together and discuss this now that we have more information.  Everyone needs to be aware of the imminent threat he could pose."
There was a slight bit of angst in my tone as I spoke.  "Okay.  I'll be fine in here, won't I?"
She quickly responded to my question.  "Your essence is hidden in here, and no one outside the invited can come in, but I'm not going to leave you alone and unprotected.  I'm going to have some people stay here with you."
Tallis surprised me by jumping in so eagerly.  "I'll stay with her.  I've already destroyed one scout today."
Gear joined us, grimacing at that proposal.  "I don't think so, Casanova.  You're a little too cozy with my baby sister to be spending the night.  Then he looked at Iris.  "I'll stay, Grandma."
Tallis looked at me and shrugged his shoulders, raising his eyebrows at the same time in a way that said "I tried."  I just fought back a smile for his valiant attempt.
Gear was such a pain.  But then Iris interjected.
"Geariandan, you have to take Olivia and Ashiara to see if you can track down that scout.  Olivia can drain his memories and get some idea of what's going on."
I supposed that meant Olivia was a drainer.  I realized I had no clue what powers my siblings had.  I found myself wondering how old Olivia truly was as well.
"Take Desmond, too.  You'll find him useful."  Allaysia was suddenly in the room, smiling at me comfortingly and appreciatively.  I smiled back.
I'll stay with Aria."  McKee spoke up with a very mischievous tone and glared triumphantly at Tallis.
"He's not staying if I'm not," Tallis said quietly, but you could tell he was a little upset by McKee's offer.
I was so undeniably drawn to him, that anytime he spoke, I tuned everything else out.  I didn't know what it felt like to be in love, but I was pretty sure it couldn't be any stronger than the feelings I was having for him.  I put my hand in his, interlocking our fingers.
"I didn't hear anyone asking you," McKee snarked.
It sounded like McKee was trying to provoke Tallis, make him start a fight.  Tallis didnt give in to his tactics though.  He patiently waited to see what someone else came up with.
Jay walked up with Ayla still hanging on his arm.
"I'll stay in the guest room up here.  She's going to need more than me though, and I think Tallis would be the best option.  It only makes sense that McKee and Taryn go with Gear and the others to mask them.  It'll be easier to chase someone if they can't sense there is someone chasing.
"The stronger, older bodyguards need to go be with the family heads.  There shouldn't be any gaps in protection with so many of you in one place.  The house will hide Aria's essence just fine.  Tallis is strong enough to do some damage, should someone break through our crests - though that's never happened before.  I think we might stand a chance together if we had to.  Aster should probably stay, too, in case someone does get hurt.  Chris should go with Gear and them to provide them with some extra masking."
So I gathered that Aster was a healer and Chris was a bodyguard.  So what was Ash, Gear, and Jay?
Iris looked over at Tallis, then at Jay.  She seemed to find that to be acceptable terms.  She nodded at Jay.  Then she went on to speak in a cautious tone.
"Keep her and yourselves safe.  If something feels off, run."  Her voice trailed off as she disappeared suddenly.  So she was fast.
Now I was aggravated at how slowly she had made me walk while she was in her old lady costume.  Ash bobbed in suddenly.
"Ayla is staying, too.  You may need her in case the atmosphere gets a little too crazy."  Then she winked at Jay and mouthed "you're welcome."  She turned to leave before he got the chance to silently thank her.
Jay smiled and winked at me as he walked out.  McKee scowled angrily as he stormed off, defeated.  Then Gear walked toward us.
"Promise me you won't do anything with my sister.  Not tonight - preferably never -but especially not tonight.  I need you to be alert and focused.  Her life could depend on you."  He had so much worry in his voice.
"I promise.  I won't do anything inappropriate.  I'm on a job and I trust myself to take it seriously.  I'll stay with her as much as I can tomorrow, too."
Tallis also sounded very serious too serious.  Gear had officially ruined our hormonal buzz.  Great.
Gear reached out and shook his hand. Then he took Olivia's hand and they ran out to start their search.

Jay and Ayla were in the room just two doors down.  We could hear them giggling and whispering.  I heard Ayla say something about her first time feeling excited.  I rolled my eyes and then looked at Tallis who was sitting by my window, staring into the pitch black night.
"Why do we have to be so serious if they don't have to be?"
Tallis chuckled, still looking out the window.
"They just found each other.  Theyre soul mates.  They can't help it.  Everyone knew that, including Jay, which is why he said he couldn't do it alone.  For the first few months after meeting your soul mate, you can't think, or focus, or do anything but lose yourself in that person.  The only thing that can shake you from it is self defense.  If there's a fight, he'll be ready.  But other than that, he's going to be completely wrapped up in her for a while."
That statement disturbed me.  I almost felt like crying.  "So you know you're soul mates the instant you meet?"
He didn't seem to notice the pain in my voice.  He continued speaking casually unaffected and staring out the window.  "Yeah.  It's too strong to deny and there's nothing like it."
"You have personal experience?"  I could hear my voice choking up slightly as I asked that question.
He turned to face me.   His voice was sincere.  "No."  He smiled at me.  "My mom and dad explain it pretty well though."
I was still choking back my overwhelming urge to burst out into tears.  "So I take it that I'm not your soul mate?"
I got sick.  I couldn't believe I just sounded so whiny and devastated.  I barely knew him.
His mood changed and he stepped away from the window before walking over to me.  "I didn't say that.  I don't know."
Now I felt like he was trying to spare my feelings.  "You said you knew it instantly."
He shook his head, smiling.  Oh his smile was so perfect.  "When you're eternal.  Not until then.  So we won't know until you transform."
I sighed out in relief.  "Do you think we're soul mates?"
Again, I was the whiny girl acting far too clingy.  I couldn't stop myself though.  There had to be a reason for the madness.
"I think we're talking about too much for one day, and I think you should sleep."  He was avoiding answering my question.  With too many tears wavering, I decided to drop it.
"Are you sleeping?"
He smiled and looked away.  "Yeah.  Aster is going to keep an eye out and wake me if I'm needed."
My stomach fluttered as he climbed into my bed and peeled off his shirt.  I had changed into some cute silky pajamas - kind of a simple sexy.  Thank goodness for Ash and Aster.
He wrapped his arms around me and kissed my forehead, making me feel warm and safe.  His lips were even softer than I had imagined.  It made me want him even more.
I looked up and he was staring out the window.  I laid my head on his chest and was asleep within seconds.

The next morning I woke up to see the sun shining brightly through the window.  My alarm was buzzing in the usual annoying fashion.  I looked around as I slapped it very hard, praying the vexing box would just break.  Tallis was nowhere to be found.
I jumped up and ran downstairs.  He wasn't there either.  I walked back up the steps very disappointed and got ready for school.  I grabbed my bag and headed toward the door.  When I got outside, Tallis was waiting on me, propped up against his car.
His tone was as seductively tempting as it could possibly be.  "Good morning, Aria."  I smiled sheepishly as his smug grin sent chills up and down my spine.
"Good morning."  The top was down on his car.  He reached in and grabbed a tray of coffee.
"I wasn't sure how you liked it, so I got you some selections.  I thought you might need it."
His voice was gentle.  He didn't sound tired at all.  I, on the other hand, was exhausted.  I reached out and grabbed the one that was plain coffee with cream only.
"Simple girl, nice."  He walked me around to the other side of the car and opened the door for me.  I couldn't stop smiling.  I sat down, sipping my coffee and buckled my seatbelt.  He reached over me, picking the tray of coffee back up.
"I'm going to take this in there for everyone else so that it doesn't go to waste."  He was in and out before I could even look at myself in the mirror.
I noticed my family crest imprinted into the upholstery on his leather seats and his dashboard.  He saw me staring at it.
"Better protection for you," he explained.  "If you're going to be with me, you're going to be safe.  My crest works best on our blood, which I don't need it, but Mom and Dad do.  I know your crest works better for your blood.  I figured it was better safe than sorry, you know?"
I could feel myself falling more for him with each passing second.   "Thanks."
He glanced at himself in the rearview mirror as he sat down.  I looked at him, admiring how much better he looked than yesterday.
"Thank you for the coffee.  I did need it.  Four hours of sleep isn't so refreshing, so caffeine was a must.  You keep saving me."
He put the car in first gear, smiling cockily.  "That's what I do."
Chapter 9

Changers

It's amazing at how much better you can see when you open your eyes.

School finally ended, and Tallis was waiting on me when I walked to my locker.  McKee and Taryn walked up.
"Hey, Aria, we were just going to tell you that we we're going to follow you home today.  I didn't see your car outside though."  McKee paused.  He was talking to me but he was staring at Tallis.  "I thought maybe you might want to catch a ride with us."
I looked at Tallis, hopeful he was going to join in and object to that for me.  He didn't let me down.
"I'll take her home.  I put her crest in my car. so you don't have to follow her.  Everett said earlier that he would walk us out to the car, so we should be good."  Tallis put his arm around my waist possessively.
I smiled, but then McKee made that smile vanish very abruptly.  "I was talking to Aria.  I don't remember saying your name."
He was angry, or jealous, or maybe he was both.
"I couldn't tell, since you were staring right at me."  Tallis's comeback was quick and spoken with layers of threatening tones.
"I don't take my eyes off of a Craymon when they're around.  It's bad enough that our coven let you sleep at their house, but now they're letting you touch her?"
I could see the glowing red anger racing violently through McKee's brow.  He wanted a reason to fight with Tallis.
I had to interject and stop the fight before it started.  McKee was looking for any reason to turn my family against Tallis.  My tone was slightly more scolding than I had planned on it being.  It seemed as though my frustration with McKee grew as I spoke.
"Stop it, McKee.  This is ridiculous.  He takes care of me.  I'm safe as long as I'm with him.  There's nothing more important to my family than my safety."
Tallis had been there for me when I needed him most.  I wasn't going to let McKee put him down without stepping in.
"Whatever."
McKee rolled his eyes and motioned for his sister to follow him as he walked away.  He wasn't going to let this go easily though.  I knew there would be more confrontations between the two of them.

Everett met us outside and walked us to the car.  Tallis opened my door, and then we headed back to my house.  The drive was nice with the wind in my hair.  I looked to the right and saw a brilliantly white horse.  I started to say something, but then I saw Tallis wave at the horse.
I playfully teased him.  "Friend of yours?"
He smiled and started pulling over on the side of the road, and spoke in a bit of a mysterious sort of way.  "He's more like a brother to me."
He hopped out, and then he bent over, sounding insistent when he said, "Stay in the car for a minute, please."
"Stupid essence," I growled.
I said it loud enough for Tallis to hear apparently, because he snickered.  I hated having to stay confined by bodyguards or protective crests.  I missed being able to just take a walk by myself.
Tallis walked back beside the horse.  The horse snorted and suddenly started bucking.  I was worried it was going to hurt Tallis.  Tallis didn't seem afraid at all though.  Of course, he was built to withstand almost anything, given that he was an immortal or an eternal or whatever.
Tallis's tone was threatening in a seemingly playful way.  "Don't do it.  I mean it."  Tallis talked to the horse as if it could understand him.
Suddenly, the horse charged.  It was running full speed directly toward the car, more specifically, me.
I screamed, "Tallis!"
But Tallis didn't move.  It looked like he was rolling his eyes.  The horse got to the car and suddenly changed into a solid white owl.  I gasped very loudly.  I couldn't believe it.  I blinked at least a hundred times in less than five seconds.
Tallis rolled his eyes again and picked up a set of clothes lying on the ground.  He threw them at the owl, knocking it into the backseat.  I screamed again as I scrambled around in the car, trying to get away from the bird.
Tallis jogged over to the car.  I heard a distinctively peculiar noise - like wind stirring in a barrel.  I heard Tallis trying to warn me.
"Aria, don't-"  It was too late though.  I turned around before he finished his sentence.  Tallis dropped his head, shaking it slightly as he uselessly finished his sentence.  "Turn around."
I squealed, shocked and mortified.  There was Desmond, stark naked in the backseat.  I almost gave myself whiplash from jerking my head violently back toward the front with my eyes closed so tightly that it almost hurt.  I could feel the red burning on my face.  Desmond was laughing hysterically.
"Good to see you, Aria."
He wasn't the seething brute he had been to me before the meeting with my family.  I almost wish he still detested me just as furiously as he had.  Now he was scarring me for life.  I could hear him pulling on his pants as the belt clanked around.  He still chuckled at my embarrassment.
I kept the side of my face shielded with my hand so that I didn't see anything else as I replied with sarcasm.  "It would've been good to have seen less of you, Desmond."
I heard Tallis laughing as he neared.  Desmond was laughing at my little joke, too.
"It's better than anything you'll see on his body," Desmond playfully teased.
I heard a slapping sound.  I could only assume Tallis had just popped Desmond for his crude comment.  I certainly wasn't turning around to see if I was right or not.  I wanted to wash my eyes out with soap.
My mind went to all the wrong places as I thought of the tidbits of Tallis I had seen. 
"I've liked what I've seen of his body so far."
I was thinking about him with his shirt off the day before.  He had such a perfectly sculptured, lean piece of art.  Then I noticed that Tallis was blushing.  My face paled when I realized I had said that out loud.  I ducked down slightly in the front seat, wishing I had something to put over my head.
Tallis smiled at me bashfully.  Then Desmond embarrassed me even more.
"So... How much of his body did you see last night?"
"Des!" Tallis yelled before slapping his own forehead, exasperated.
Desmond jumped out of the car and changed back into a owl as Tallis swatted at him.  He fell out of his clothes as he did so, and they collapsed onto the asphalt.
Tallis walked back to the car, picking up Desmond's clothes out of the road.  He tossed them in the backseat as he opened the door.  He looked at me sort of sheepishly, grimacing after a second.
"Sorry about that.  Des has his moments when he Well, he's just an ass."
I laughed, still slightly mortified about my rogue confession.
"I have two brothers and two sisters.  Explanations for family humiliation is so not necessary."  I smiled as he laughed.
"Good to know."  He put the car in gear and started in a different direction than what we had been going.
I was unaware of any changes to the plan.  "Where are we going?"
"We're going to my house first.  I want you to meet some of the changers.  I forgot they're meeting today."
"I wish I had dressed better."  I looked down at my blue jeans and T-Shirt.  It wasn't exactly going to make a good first impression.
His head tilted and his eyes locked with mine as he spoke in his smoldering tone.  "You look pretty amazing to me."
I blushed fiercely, and started to squirm directly after.
"Can you change?"
I hadn't given it much thought.  I knew he could blow stuff up, but he was half witch, half changer.
He smiled.  "No, I tried for a while though.  Des would tackle me or punch me in the arm and change while he was jumping out the window.  Very frustrating."
I snickered slightly at the small scowl on his face.  Then he smiled.  "When I learned to control my power, things changed.  He would fly away, and I'd use enough power to break a branch to land on him.  Once I broke a whole tree over on him."
I looked at him oddly while gasping.  He recognized my quizzical face.  "Don't worry.  I didn't hurt him.  I did, however, blow out the window to his bedroom by accident.  He got rained on for several days before it got fixed.  That was nice."
He sighed with a bit of pride.  He seemed to be reminiscing about those events like they were some small victories.
"I guess my siblings aren't so bad after all."
He let a louder laugh escape.
"Things will change when you get your powers.  You find ways to amuse yourself when you've lived as long as we have."
I looked at his face.  It was pristine and captivating.  I could have stared all day.
I was falling for him so fast.  Every amazing detail about him drew me in closer.  The wind continued to blow in my hair.  He turned and smiled at me.
"Are you going to be okay with this?  I didn't think about it, but this might be pretty scary for you.  You've had a lot thrown on your plate in two days.  Maybe I should take you home first before I go to this.  I could come over later, or just pick you up in the morning."
I decided quickly that I could deal with any sort of crazy better than I could handle being separated from him.
"No.  I'm fine.  I admit that it's a lot to process, but I'm good.  I already know about changers, and I just saw your brother naked, so it can't get too much worse."  I thought about that for a minute.  "Oh no.  They're not going to get naked in front of me, too, are they?"
He laughed so hard that it turned into a cough.  "No.  They're a little more modest than Des.  You're not meeting a band of naked men or anything."  He smiled at me as we pulled into his driveway.
"You probably need to call your grandma though.  So she doesn't worry."  Then he handed me his phone.

I got off the phone and walked over to Tallis.  "I hate to ask anything else from you, but Iris wants to meet them.  I told her I would ask you first."  He looked at me and nodded.  Then he walked inside.  He came back out with his father.
"It should be fine for Iris to come.  This alliance is important," Edmond answered, proving he was a bit of an alpha.
"Thanks, Mr. Verdan.  I'll call her back."
I walked back down to the car and called Iris again, telling her the good news.  When I returned, Edmond and Tallis were doing something to the side of the house.
I spoke with an inquiring tone.  "What are you guys doing?"
Tallis was the one to respond, but he didn't look up.  "We're putting up more of your protective crests.  Bradbury's have strong magic, so the scent of their essences are very strong as well.  The more we have, the safer you all are."
Their precautionary measures were admirable.  It made me feel safe.  I stared at them as they pressed their palms against the house, then I heard a sizzling sound.
"Are you burning something?"  I couldn't smell anything.  I could just hear the sound of something that sounded almost like bacon frying in a pan, just a little more subtle.
"It's cresting.  It's something you'll learn to do when you get your magic.  It is similar to burning, minus the fire. There are a lot of things you can do when you get your magic.  It's something you have to see and do to really understand."
They finished up and then we headed inside to join Allaysia.  She was preparing food and cocktails for the company.  Tallis ran up some steps to go change.  I wanted to change, too, but I had no clothes. 
"You need any help?"  I asked.  I didnt know how to cook, not on a conventional stove anyway.  But I thought I could set the plates or something for her.
"Actually, could you stir this?  I need to get the dessert ready to put in the oven."
She pulled me to the pan and put my hand on the handle as she handed me a large wooden spoon.
"Yeah sure."  I nervously stirred the pan that smelled heavenly.
It was soup - a deliciously enticing soup.  I was so worried I was going to mess it up.
"Aria, if you're okay, I need to go finish getting ready.  Could you take the soup off in about five or six more minutes?"
"Yeah, no problem."
I continued stirring.  It was awkward.  I worried about ruining her soup portion of the evening.  Contemporary appliances made me feel a little out of my element.  I had always heated soup out of a can on top of a fire.  We had a wood burning stove back home, but it always made the hut so hot that we barely used it.
I felt like such a roughneck around here.
Tallis walked up behind me, surprising me a little.  He was so close that our bodies grazed each other.  Then he leaned into me, fully pressing his front to my back, as he reached over and put his hand on my hand, stirring the soup with me.
"You have to go all the way around the pan.  It'll burn around the edges, otherwise."
His free hand was resting on my hip, and it just felt so right.  I couldn't fight off the smirk as his head leaned over to the spoon and dipped out a bit to taste.
"It needs salt and a bit of pepper, too."  He was off to the cupboard then.  He added the extra ingredients and then dipped out another spoonful to taste.
He smiled big.  "Perfect."
I giggled at his expertise in the kitchen.  Then he took it off the stove.  I leaned against the countertop and spoke lightly.
"How long do you think it will be before all the changers get here?"
He looked out through the giant glass windows in the living room.  He stared at a flock of birds who were all perched on the porch railing.  "Most of them are already here."
I was suddenly very puzzled by that.  "I didn't hear any cars drive up."
Desmond walked in, pulling on a sleeveless shirt.  "That's because they didn't drive."  Then he pointed to the birds that Tallis had been staring at.
"Oh."  My shoulders dropped slightly as I spoke somewhat comically.  "Oh man.  They are going to get naked."
Desmond burst out into laughter as he doubled over and rested his hands on his knees.  He bent down and started tying his shoes, still laughing as he did so.  Then he looked up and spoke with the same comical tone I had carried.  "Did I scar you for life, Aria?"
"Pretty much."  I shot him a playfully mean look with a slight grin.
Tallis smiled as he spoke reassuringly.  "Don't worry, Aria.  They've got clothes.  They'll change after everyone gets here.  They just prefer being in their animal forms.  It makes them feel safe."
Tallis knew I really was worried about seeing more than I wanted to again.  He took my hand as he led me away from the kitchen.  He took me up the stairs to the second floor.  He smiled as we entered a bedroom.
It was a charcoal gray color with lighter gray squares painted all around the room.  A very large king-size bed was draped with a brilliant pale blue comforter with a charcoal trim.  He had so many pillows.  They were everywhere.
There was one wall of windows, and the other walls were littered with pictures of various countries from all over the world.  He had been absolutely everywhere, it seemed.  I found myself feeling slightly intimidated.
His tone was warm as he spoke to me.  "This is where I am when I'm not keeping you safe."
His iridescent white shirt was unbuttoned slightly, showing off his navy blue T-Shirt underneath.  His dark denim jeans were tailored to fit him perfectly, not too tight and not baggy at all.  I hated baggy pants.  I was glad he didn't follow that trend.
He pulled my hand in his and walked me over to his bed.  Then he laughed nervously.
"This wasn't as awkward at your house last night."  He scratched his forehead uneasily.
"That's because it wasn't your room with your secrets.  It was my room and my secrets," I playfully teased.
He winked at me as he replied enticingly.  "Yeah, I know all of your secrets."
"Not all of them,"  I said, raising my eyebrows and smiling somewhat deviously.
He laughed slightly.  "I know most of them.  I do a thorough job of studying the people I hang out with."
My tone turned to a playfully serious one.  "Well, then I guess I need to do some serious snooping so that I'm not at such a disadvantage."  He laughed as he bounced onto his bed and propped up on his side.
I walked over and pulled a book off the shelf.  I opened it up to see all kinds of writings.  I tilted my head quizzically.  "What's this?"
He raised up a bit to answer me.  "Oh, it's a book my mom gave me to learn about my heritage."
There were hieroglyphic type symbols and all sorts of different words that I had never heard of.  What language is it?"
"Mayan mostly, with various other dead languages mixed in.  My family are very cryptic sort of people.  I know more languages than I can count."  He smiled so smugly.
"Yeah, you got me there.  I got nothing.  I thought being bilingual was pretty good."  I sat down on the edge of his bed, placing the book beside me.  "So educate me."
He let out a laugh before responding.  "On what?"
"On you."  I smiled at him as I awaited his response.
"What do you want to know exactly?"  He scooted down to be beside me, putting his arm around my waist.
"Everything I don't know."  I crossed my left leg over his right leg and locked my eyes onto his, inviting him to make a move.
His finger started drawing imaginary lines on the leg I had draped across him.  "Okay.  Well, you know that no seer can see me because of my changer half being immune and you know my essence can't be smelled, right?"
"Yeah the whole half and half thing, they cancel each other out.  You're lucky in that way."
"I know, but you don't have it so bad.  I like the way things are now, but before you, my existence was a secret.  Who would have guessed that saving you would save me from a continued life of ostracism."
I reached across and ran my fingers through his hair.  He leaned into me, inviting my touch.
"I wish I didn't have to live like a hermit.  I like going and doing as I please.  Now, I'm constantly guarded."  I looked at him looking down.  "I'm kind of happy that you're doing the majority of the guarding though.  I guess the only time I really mind being guarded is when it's McKee instead of you.  School today sucked."
He raised his head up, smiling now.  "Yeah, I'm not crazy about McKee guarding you either, but he has two classes with you.  At least I've got an even amount of time with you.  Two to two."
My focus quickly shifted with that statement.  "Why are you in school?"  I had been meaning to ask him that, but I always got sidetracked.
He laughed again.  "I like to keep an eye out for new witches.  They're always sixteen or seventeen when they come, depending on the allowance for guardianship and the strength of their blood.  They're usually juniors or seniors.  It's the best place to start looking.
"My family and I have been guarding new witches for a while.  You were the first one I had to reveal myself to though.  I'm just glad that it gave me the opportunity to steal your attention from McKee."  He winked playfully.
"You didn't have to try to do that.  You've had my attention since the first time I saw you.  I'm glad it was you that stayed in my room."  I blushed slightly, possibly being a little too brave with my words.
He spoke with laughter in his tone.  "Oh, I had no intention of letting McKee sleep in there.  I would have kidnapped you before I let that happen."  He reached over and kissed my hand.
I sucked in a breath because it felt so good to have his incredibly soft lips touching my skin.
"I'm glad you didn't."
"I'll be there again tonight, too."
I looked up, trying not to blurt out anything stupid.  I was controlling my breathing so that I didn't sound overly excited.  "How did you swing that?"
"Your grandmother actually asked me to.  She called me just a little while ago.  She said she feels like you're safer with me there.  I have to say that it made me feel pretty good.  The fact I saved your life won me some brownie points.  She trusts me a little more than she does McKee, since he lost his grip on you in the woods.  The fact I can blow things up probably has something to do with it, too."  He snickered smugly.  "She wants me to stay with you as much as possible."
I was kind of embarrassed by that.  That made me feel like he was obligated to be with me.  I didn't want that to be the reason he was staying with me.
"Sorry.  I didn't know about that."
"Hey, it's a tough job, but someone's gotta do it," he joked.
"You don't have to.  I can get McKee to do it."  I bit back my smile when his smug grin faded into a scowl.
"I think I have it under control."  Then he jumped to his feet and grabbed me up.  I was being carried bridal style before I even realized it as we made our way over to the wall of open windows.
I looked down at the large drop.  "What are you doing?" I asked shakily.
He grinned at me and raised his eyebrows.  "The meeting should be over now.  It's time for the fun stuff."
I didn't realize what time it was.  We had been talking for at least forty-five minutes.
He stepped up on the window ledge.  "You might want to hold on tight.  And no, that's not a line."
He winked and jumped out of the window.  A gargled squeal slipped through my tightened lips.  I was holding so tight that my knuckles turned white.
He landed on his feet with me still delicately placed in his arms, barely even letting me feel jostled.  I didn't want him to let me go, but he did.
I looked around and spoke with a bit of guilt.  "Sorry we missed the meeting.  I didn't realize it had even started."
He looked at me and touched my chin, leaning over to kiss the top of my head.  "I missed the meeting on purpose.  It was nice having you all to myself.  The meetings are always the same anyway.  Desmond will fill me in if there was anything new.  I just wanted you to watch them duel.  That's the fun part."
My eyes widened with a bit of surprise.  I wasn't sure how to respond to that, or if I even heard him correctly.  "Duel?  That sounds dangerous."
He laughed.  "Not really.  It's not like the wild west - take ten paces and shoot, or anything.  Desmond is pretty good, but dad usually always ends up on the top of the podium.  They set up a string of obstacles and they have to change all the way through it to get to the end.  It's sort of a changer's version of the Olympics.  We have a lot of newbies tonight, so it should be pretty interesting."
I shrugged slightly.  "Why?"
"Because they have a hard time swapping from one animal to the next as effortlessly as the older ones."
There was an oversized tree trunk that Desmond picked up and moved out of the way.  Two birds flew high in the air, holding hoops.  Then there was a giant wall of broken down trees.  I still didn't understand what was going on.
"Certain obstacles require different creatures.  You'll be disqualified if you use an unapproved animal for certain obstacles.  For instance, if there's a climbing obstacle, you can't use a bird to simply fly over it," Tallis said, continuing to explain some of the rules.
I nodded softly, distracted by all the action going on.
Desmond lined up with another guy, both of them standing behind a white line painted on the ground.  Their shirts were off, but they were both wearing shorts... thankfully.  A gunshot rang out, startling me a little.
They jumped off their platforms and burst into monkeys.  Their shorts fell to the ground, abandoned and forgotten, as they went to scale the wall in front of them.  When they got to the top, they jumped and landed on their feet as fierce cheetahs.
They were in a mad sprint toward two trees.  Desmond turned into an elephant and the other guy turned into a grizzly bear.  Desmond knocked his tree over first and changed to a bird to fly in a predetermined pattern through the hoops.
The other guy followed him as soon as his tree fell.  Desmond dropped to the ground as a fox before he ran through a tiny burrow in the ground.  After a few seconds, he emerged from the other side.  He dove into a pond, shifting into a fish before he slapped the water.
He jumped out from the other side, turning into a panther, and within a breath, he was crossing the finish line.  The other guy was at least fifteen seconds behind him.
I noticed Ash watching him with absolute tunnel vision.  I hadn't even noticed my family before that moment.
She saw me looking at her and waved at me.  I waved back and her eyes quickly cut back to Desmond.  She would've probably liked the little show I got earlier from Desmond.
I shivered slightly as the embarrassing moment popped into my mind.  My nose turned up.
Tallis and I watched for a while.  There was one up there who was kind of sad.  The guy kept changing into a kitten and a chicken.
"What's wrong with him?"
Tallis tried not to chuckle.  "He's still new.  He's trying to change into a big cat sometimes and a bird at other times.  He needs a little more practice."  The guy finally crossed the finish line.  As he ran across, he accidentally changed back to human.
"Oh no.  Another naked guy.  Seriously?"  I buried my head in Tallis's chest and he put his hand on the back of my head.  I could feel his chest bobbing slightly as he laughed.
"Sorry, Aria," he said while still laughing.  "I guess they're not so modest after all."
My stomach growled, and he looked down at me.  "Let's go see if there's any soup left."
"I don't want you to miss the games.  It can wait."  I was somewhat embarrassed by my grumbling guts.
"Its fine.  I see this all the time.  I'm hungry, too.  We missed the food while we were in my room.  He took me by the hand and led me in.
We sat at the bar and ate soup and little mini sandwiches.  Ash came in and saw us sitting there.
She smiled as she spoke to Tallis.  "Can I grab a water?"
Tallis shot up and grabbed a bottle of water before tossing it to her.
"Thanks," she said while smiling.
Tallis smiled back.  "No problem."
There was a small candle on the bar that suddenly lit up by itself just as Ash turned the lights off.  I turned to glare at her but she winked at me.
Tallis just shook his head while smiling.  "Blazers.  They always have to show off."
I just laughed and enjoyed our makeshift candlelit dinner.
Chapter 10

Looking Over Your Shoulder

The same monsters are still there in the light, but they always strike more fear when they're hidden within the shadows of darkness.

I jumped straight up in the bed in a cold sweat.  My heart was racing and my hands trembled in fear.  I was breathing hard, like I was exhausted.  I couldn't come to grasp with the reality that I was safe in my room.
After a month, you'd think I wouldn't still be waking up so disoriented.  I didn't come to terms with where I was until Tallis put his hand on my back.
His voice was soothing and compassionate, but there was a hint of worry as well.  "Aria?  What's wrong?"
"I was just dreaming.  Sorry.  Go back to sleep.  I'll be fine."  It seemed to happen more and more lately.  I was glad Tallis had been sticking around.
I knew I probably wouldn't sleep too much more after that.
"Tell me what it was about."  His tone was so considerate and concerned at the same time.  He pulled me into his arms and my head rested on his right shoulder.
"A dark figure draining me dry.  Same as always."
I felt like I was annoying everyone with my constant worry.  I was still adjusting.  My whole life had changed drastically in the past couple of weeks.
"Aria, it's going to take some time.  I'm here though.  Don't worry."
"I know I'm safe," I said, smiling as he kissed my forehead.  "I've got you and my grandmother has enlisted an army of bodyguards."
He tensed a little, and then he let out a harsh breath.  "Yeah.  Plenty of bodyguards."
I was quick to question his odd response.  "Why do you say it like that?"
He shrugged and loosened his grip on me.
"I just don't trust bodyguards.  I've got good reasons for that."  He sounded a little distressed with a hint of anger.  There was something eating at him.
"Why don't you trust them?"
He took a deep breath and his eyes shifted toward mine.  His look turned from deep thought, to forced comfort.  "Another story for another time.  It's late and you've yawned like five times in a row.  We have to go to school soon.  Sleep deprivation is never a good thing for young minds."
He leaned over and kissed me on top of my head.  He was hiding something that had happened.
He slid down into the covers and patted the bed beside him, gesturing for me to join him in comfort.  But I refused to relent that easily.  "I want to know.  There's something bothering you, so I have to know.  If you expect me to confide in you, then I should be entitled the right to expect the same."
He sat back up and stared into my eyes, stroking my cheek with the back of his hand.  "Maybe I just don't like bodyguards because I don't like McKee watching your every move."  He smiled playfully, proud of his witty little cover up.
"Uh-uh.  It's not that easy.  I want to know the truth."  I crossed my arms over my chest in protest of his unwillingness to confide in me.
He sighed and shook his head.  "Okay.  I'll make a deal with you.  If you lay down with me right now and go to sleep, I promise I'll answer any question you have before we go to bed tomorrow."  His eyebrows went up and down mischievously.
My heart fluttered.  I'd been sleeping with him for a while now, yet we hadn't even kissed.  It was confusing and frustrating.  Especially since he never slept with a shirt on.
I leaned in closer to be inches from his face.  "Well, that depends on if you plan on avoiding me all day tomorrow."
His eyes softened as did his voice.  "I couldn't avoid you even if I wanted to.  I can't stay away from you any longer than what I'm forced to, in case you haven't noticed.  I've been sleeping in your bed for a while now, and it's not just because I was asked to watch over you."  He rubbed my side affectionately.
I looked down a little embarrassed.  "Sorry.  I guess you probably miss sleeping in your own bed, in your own room, in your own house.  You should probably stay at your own place tomorrow.  I shouldn't be so needy.  I promise I-"
He stuck one finger over my lips to stop my incessant, embarrassing ramble.  "There's no way I wouldn't be with you for any reason unless I was hurting you.  I wasn't complaining about being here with you.  I was pointing out the fact I can't be without you."
Now I was really blushing.  "Thanks."  Then I raised my head.  "It's odd that everyone is so okay with you sleeping in my bed with me.  I don't say anything about it because I keep worrying they'll make you stop."
He laughed and then covered his mouth to muffle the sound.
"They're definitely not okay with it.  Your dad would probably hate me if I wasn't here for your safety.  They want you to feel safe, as well as be safe.  Not to mention"  He hesitated to finish.  "They sort of have the impression that I've been sleeping on the floor."
"Oh Well that makes sense."
I thought to myself about how they had nothing to worry about.  If it was taking us this long to get to first base, I would be, well, immortal by the time we even rounded second.  There's no telling how long it would be before I got any farther.
I assumed his concept of time was goofed up due to the fact that he was immortal.  I wasn't going to be pushy about it either, at least not right now
I finally decided to agree to his terms.  "Okay.  Deal.  Tomorrow I question, and you answer.  No diverting."
He yawned before responding.  "Good, because I'm so beat."  He slid me down into his arms and pulled me to his body.
I wasn't sleepy at all at first, but as his fingertips trickled up and down my arm, I found myself more at peace.  My eyes got heavier and heavier until finally I was out.

The alarm sounded its infuriating buzzing noise.  I rolled over to my stomach and pulled a pillow over my head.  I heard it suddenly cut off.  Then there were two hands on my shoulders, massaging them.
I loved it when Tallis touched me for any reason.
"That feels good," I mumbled, relishing the strength and softness he used.
That fire didn't seem to be blazing inside me as it usually did under his touch.  I assumed I was getting used to it.
I still had my head buried under the pillow as the massaging continued.  I was in a pair of boy-cut panties and a white tank top.  I didn't realize I had kicked my shorts off during the middle of the night.  Now I could feel a gentle breeze hitting my skin, alerting me to that fact.
I didn't race to cover up though.  I was thinking it might encourage him to move things along a little faster if he got a tiny little peek.  I smiled to myself as I thought of my scandalous plan.  Then I rolled over as his hands were rubbing my lower back.
As I turned around, I was greeted with a horrible realization.  It was McKee, not Tallis.  I screamed.
"What the hell are you doing?"
He put his hands in the air, playfully surrendering.
"Easy, Aria.  I just came to see if you needed a ride.  Nice bedtime attire, by the way."
"Get out of my room!"  I grabbed a sheet to cover myself with.
"Hey, no reason to get all upset.  It's nothing I haven't seen on a girl before.  Bathing suits show more than that, you know.  I just came to tell you I think you should ride with me today.  We really need to talk."
I could hear the agitation growing in my tone now.  "About what?"  I was completely uninterested in anything he had to say at that point.
He lost all the playfulness in his eyes as seriousness swept in.  "About your new boyfriend getting lost.  He shouldn't be within a hundred feet of you, let alone with you twenty-four hours a day.  You don't need him skulking around when you have all of us.  I don't like him or the fact that he's spending every night with you.  Call me crazy, but I think it's a little undignified."
His arrogant, condescending tone infuriated me to the point where I was shaking.
"Oh, I'll definitely call you crazy.  You can leave now," I said through gritted teeth, trying not to scream again.
"I'm not leaving until you agree to come with me.  I promise you'll want to hear everything I have to say."
"I can promise you that there is nothing you can say that will make me stop seeing Tallis.  I don't want you touching me... ever again.  I don't want you following me, and I don't want you anywhere near me right now!  You will leave or I'll scream for Iris."
I was completely enraged.
"Go ahead.  She knows I'm not a threat.  She'll laugh at you for being such a drama queen.  Tallis isn't here anyway, so you need an escort."
I heard a slight swish of wind from the window.  Tallis was suddenly in the room with his arm around my waist from the front, holding me behind him.
"I think she's told you to leave more than once.  I think that's probably a good idea."
He sounded so forceful and protective.  He had been treading lightly with McKee because of how strongly tied he was to our family.  Tallis had not wanted to make waves unless necessary.  I was so glad he found it necessary then.  I was also glad that he had shown up so quickly.
"I just thought you might have had something else to do at some point in your life.  I was going to give you a little reprieve.  She's being way too dramatic."
He was trying his best to belittle my reaction to his unwanted presence.
"If she doesn't want you around, then don't be around her.  If you ever put your hands on her again, I'll blow them off," Tallis said threateningly without ever raising his voice.
"Don't tell me what to do.  It was just a little massage, and she liked it."  He was trying so hard to provoke Tallis, as usual.  I was worried this time it would work.  Tallis looked ready to try to blow him to pieces.
I spoke up quickly to discredit McKee's claim.  "I thought it was Tallis.  If I had known some perverted jerk snuck into my room, I would have screamed sooner."
Tallis let a small smile free.  He enjoyed it when I took his side, especially against McKee.  I was always on his side though, and he was always on mine.
"Well I guess that would be your cue to exit then.  The lady has chosen.  In case you didn't catch who, it was me again."
He gloated triumphantly as I leaned against his chest.  McKee stormed off in a huff.
"You're always right where I need you to be when I need you the most," I murmured, sighing softly.
I leaned into him, letting the sheet that had shielded me from McKee drop to the floor between us.  I put my arms around his neck and stared into his eyes with seductive intentions.
He coughed a little.  His cheeks blushed red as his eyes darted nervously from side to side.  His heart was racing as I leaned in more, pressing my body against his.  His hands ran down my waist, running to the top line of my underwear.  He started to pull me in tight, and then suddenly pushed me away.
His voice cracked a little as he spoke.  "You have to get ready or we'll be late."
His muscles were clenching, and his body protested.  His posture was rigid as he walked away hurriedly.  I heard him almost running down the stairs.
"I'm definitely wearing him down."  I giggled to myself as I stepped into the shower.
Chapter 11

Bodyguards and Trade Secrets

Sometimes it's hard to see what is right in front of you, until it's too late.

School ended and Tallis walked me out with his arm around my shoulders.  I was quick to remind him of his promise from the previous night.
"You owe me a story."
His pretended to be oblivious to what I was referring to.  "A story about what?"  He tried to sound sincere as he played dumb.
"About the bodyguards.  You promised if I went to sleep, that you would answer any question I had today."  I put my hand on his stomach as I turned to walk backwards, staring him in the eyes.
"Okay okay."  He chuckled lightly at my childlike enthusiasm.  Then he looked around as he spoke quietly.  "But not here.  Let's go to my house.  I think it's the best place for private conversation."
He had such a wary tone that I felt almost worried he thought someone was listening in.
He opened my door.  As I sat down, I saw McKee leaned against the school, glaring at us.  I was flooded with unwelcome chills.
Tallis jumped in and threw his arm around my shoulders again.  The looks I got from other girls all the time were so harsh.  It was hard to make friends because they all hated me.  They knew that McKee was jealous, and Tallis, the hottest guy in school, was mine.  Well, sort of mine.  I was the first exception to his no dating in high school rule that he'd made.  Needless to say, not everyone was pleased with his decision.
Tallis leaned over and kissed me on my cheek.  He was so close to my mouth that his breath touched the corners of my lips.  That got me some more icy looks from the hyenas.  I certainly wouldn't be getting class favorite any time soon.

We pulled up at his house.  He took me inside and led me to his room.  The tropical smell flowed through the house, just like my old home.
His house was so much quieter than mine.  There were so many people living at my house, or staying there all the time.  Seven or eight bodyguards at all times, and there was always a family from somewhere different everyday.  There were always heads of covens there, and there was always something going on.
Tallis's house was peaceful.  He always teased that a Verdan was less maintenance than a Bradbury.  I had found it odd that my last name was Weislen, but to everyone from this supernatural world, I was a Bradbury.  I guess that was okay.  It just took some time to get used to.
We sat on his window seat as he pulled out a photo album.  "Awesome!  Baby pictures."
I may have squealed a little as I clapped my hands in excitement.  Then I realized that my excitement may have been premature.
He smirked and rolled his eyes.  "Not exactly.  Just some history to help answer your question."
He flipped to a page with some black and white photos of his mom and dad standing next to an unknown man.  He looked like a bodybuilder with a thick mustache.  I just stared at him, confused.
"He's a friend?"  I wasn't sure what he was showing me this for.  I had never noticed the guy around.
"He used to be."  His voice was muffled.
"What happened?"
He released a harsh breath, and then he answered.
"He was killed."  His voice was quiet. but it sounded like a touch of anger may have lingered in the background.
"Oh.  I'm sorry."  I was a little startled by the sudden and unexpected revelation. I was also confused by it.
"Don't be.  I killed him."
His eyes deepened with pain and bottled rage.  I just sat very still, waiting on him to continue.  I had no clue what to say or where he was going with this conversation.  I could feel my eyes wild with surprise.  It all seemed so out of leftfield.
Finally, he took a breath and continued in his hushed, anger-laced, painful telling.  "We once had a family of bodyguards that lived with us.  The Brussels were our best friends.  I grew up with Jameson, the oldest son.  We did everything together.  Thomas, his father, was my dad's best friend.  His wife, Adella, was like a sister to my mother. 
"Alice was their daughter.  She stayed quiet and never really socialized with us.  The rest of us were all like a big family.
"There was a big changer meeting coming up.  They wanted everyone with changer blood to come in for a family of newcomers.  A changer can see another changer's aura, essentially meaning we can sense if each other is good or bad.  It's wise to have plenty of backup when making introductions, just in case.
"While we are away for the meeting, my dad left Thomas in charge of taking care of my mom.  Adella was there as well.  A few other witches that my mother had saved in the past came over as added protection.
"Alice sent a messenger saying I needed to come home right away.  I had no idea what that meant.  I raced home with Ayla and Desmond.  My dad wasn't far behind once he heard of our abrupt and unannounced departure.  I was worried something had happened to Mom, or that the house had been attacked during our absence.
"When I got home, I smelled the danger and fear.  I raced toward the house.  Alice was on the front porch.  The closer I got, the more aware I became she wasn't responsive to my presence.  I saw her body was lifeless and pale.  She was dead.
"I stumbled back as Ayla came running up.  I heard something from the backyard.  We took off to find out what was going on.
"My mother is an enforcer - a very powerful weapon.  However, she rarely used her power because it was the same power her father had possessed.  She often worried that the power was too much for her to control.  As a consequence for her not using her power, it was not strong enough to have an effect on the stronger guards.
"Thomas stood over her, forcing her into the lake that we lived close to at the time.  Mom is strong physically, but Thomas was the strongest bodyguard I've ever known of.  She tried casting, but it was mostly ineffective against him, due to his strong immunity."
I hated to interrupt, but there was a lot that I didn't understand yet.  He kept forgetting how new I was to all of this.  "What is casting?"
"Spell casting.  Casting takes a lot of magic and a lot of focus.  Small spells are easy enough - changing your face and stuff - but spells to inflict harm or give protection are not so easy.  Casting is only practiced by very select families.  Few families can do it."
"Will I be able to?"  I couldn't help but ask.
"Yes.  Your family is very powerful at casting."  He glanced at me as a grimace crossed his face while thinking of the next part of his story.
"I'm sorry.  Please go on."
He took a deep breath before continuing his story.  "I watched as my mother was gasping for air, on the verge of death.  That was the first time I was able to use my power the way I wanted to.
"I used every bit of my strength and watched as he flew backwards.  He came at me, and Desmond attacked him in the form of a panther, one of his stronger forms.  Thomas was then joined by Adella and Jameson.  Adella leapt at Ayla as she approached.
"Ayla did something she had never intended to do; something she didn't even know she could do.  It was something so powerful that it bypassed the immunity of a bodyguard.  Something that forever destroyed Adella's mind, though her body was still alive."
Tallis stopped the story when he noticed I was confused.  "I thought her gift was serenity.  That seems like the opposite of serenity."
He took another deep breath before continuing.  "It is the opposite, but only because she can't control it.  Ayla has a second gift to her serenity.  She can pull an emotion from your body; however, it's too powerful for her to control as a gift.  She can use it as a weapon though.
"She can't control what she pulls out or how much she pulls out.  She nearly ruined the mind of a witch while trying to pull pain from her mind after she was struck by a healer.  A healer can't heal the wounds inflicted by another healer for several days, sometimes weeks.  The girl was in excruciating pain.  Ayla tried to isolate her withdrawal to only pain.  Her attempts failed and the girl became catatonic.  She finally came to, after a year of strenuous casting.
"Ayla was lost as she stared at the horrific thing she had done to Adella, unable to feel anything but peace because of her power, but knowing she should feel something else.  She couldn't feel the emotion that she needed to cry or be mad.  It had distracted me for a moment, but I ran to pull my mother out of the water.
"She finally gasped for air and coughed out the water that had filled her lungs.  We were stupid living so close to the only mortal thing able to kill us - water.
"I looked up to see that my long time friend, Jameson, was now helping his father to double team Desmond.
"Desmond had been beaten badly and was struggling to stay in his changed formation in his weakened state.  As he flickered from his human form to his panther form,  I raced to defend him, sending a shock of explosion directed at Jameson.
"It sent him flying backwards onto the ground.  I watched as he crackled to dust.  Thomas turned his attention from Desmond to me.  He was enraged that his son had been killed by my hands.  He took a step toward me and looked over at Ayla, who was still knelt down in front of the mindless creation she had just made.
"Thomas started running toward them, and I leapt in front of him, blocking his path to my sister.  He put his head down and plowed into my abdomen.  I could feel my bones crack for the first time in my life.  Each breath was suddenly painful.  I threw out an explosive force, and this time he didn't get up right away.
"He slowly steadied himself back to his feet, but he was wounded as he clutched his stomach.  He tried to attack me again, but now he was too weak for a blunt charge.  I fought him as hard as I could hand to hand.  He was fast and strong, but he was also weaker, and we were more evenly matched.  I threw him to the ground, finally, and put my hands directly on his head.  I delivered the last fatal blow of the day as my most powerful explosion rattled the ground.
"My dad got there moments later.  The only one we hadn't been close to, Alice, was the only one who had been on our side.  The others had killed her for her betrayal, as well as the other witches who were there to help protect my mother. They had been like family.  I swore to never trust any magical being again if I couldn't tell which side they were on."
The heavy air weighed down on us both.  It was a lot to absorb.
"Well that definitely explains why you don't like McKee."  I learned more than I had anticipated, but I was so glad that he had entrusted me with such personal information.
"No.  That's just why I don't trust McKee.  I don't like him because of the way he stares at you.  I don't like the way he keeps trying to weasel in - like this morning."
His tone was lighter now as he made it sound like a joke.  Then he turned serious again.  "I'm probably just paranoid, due to my personal experience, but it seems that the mortal witches who have been drained of their essence had been entrusted to a bodyguard during that time."
I swallowed hard.  That doesn't mean they're traitors though.  Sometimes it's out of someone's control.  Bad things happen and no one's to blame.  I needed that to be the truth.  It was hard enough to grasp magic as reality, but to add in possible traitors just terrified me.
"Do you think Chris is bad?"  I hadn't been worried about my sister's safety until that moment.
He shook his head before responding.  "No.  He's one of the bodyguards I do trust.  He's your sister's soul mate.  Her light shines brightly.  Since the great divide in magic - Allora and Dramus - no soul mates can be on opposing sides.  I may not can see his intentions directly, but I can see his soul mate's bright light with absolute clarity."
I breathed out a sigh of relief.  Then another twinge of worry spread through me.  "Do you think any of our bodyguards are bad?"
I moved in closer as my worry turned to fear.
He patted me comfortingly while speaking softly.  "Like I said, I'm probably just paranoid.  Your family has a prophecy about an unseen child coming.  She'll be even more powerful than Isis was.
 "Your mother almost died when she was a child.  Isis cast a spell preventing her most powerful descendent from ever being seen by seers.  However, the spell took on a life of its own, preventing random ones from being seen.  Magic made it even more of a guessing game to keep the unseen a mystery.
"Jaslene is a seer who cannot be seen.  Graven hunts the unseen ones down because he knows the story from someone.  He hunted down your mother who had wandered off from a bodyguard.  Allaysia saved her, took her home, placed her at the gate, and used her power to force a mortal to take the girl to the door.
"She couldn't enter without being escorted by someone within the coven, but a true mortal could.  She wasn't too badly wounded, but Jaslene still needed a healer, and we didnt have one.
"Once they realized that Jaslene had suffered, they began hunting for the one who had been responsible.  They didn't know he was already dead.  My mom had someone wash her trail, and she returned home with haste.  She prayed that her scent wasn't on Jaslene.  That's when she started giving us the symbolta potion.  She didn't want us to be discovered.  It wouldn't work on her because of the strong ties she has to the blood.  She was the direct daughter of Dramus - it's hard to mask that much blood."
I could see there was something he was holding back.  "Theres more, isn't there?"  I asked, prompting him to continue.
"We haven't been able to save all the witches we've found.  We've hunted these monsters for so long, and we've seen some pretty horrific sights.  We've been searching for pennants, I guess, for our family sins.  We wanted to be cleared of all the evil things Dramus had done.  It was hard not being able to save them all.
"Sable, your mom's sister, had a daughter named Erica.  We found her in the woods - her essence and her life were completely missing.  We secretly carried the body to Iris's house so she could be given a proper burial and her parents could have closure.  It was a hard time for your family.  Her whereabouts were supposed to be secret, but somehow the dark followers still managed to find her.  I can't help but feel as if they have inside information."
His head bowed solemnly.  I moved into his strong arms that welcomed me.
"I'm glad Chris is one of the few guards you trust.  Who else is there?"
I felt his smile without seeing it.  "For some reason, I trust Everett.  I guess it's because of how hard he worked to mask you at the coffee shop.  He had to have exerted some incredible power to cover you so effectively.  He's also never made any bad comments to me or any of the rest of my family.  It doesn't hurt that he seems immune to your bewitching beauty as well."
I rolled my eyes.  "The one guard I don't trust is the one guard you do."
He laughed.  "I said I trusted Chris, too.  You  just don't like the fact there's one guy who isn't falling all over himself to be close to you."
I slapped him playfully, but it hurt me worse than it did him.
"Ow!  That's just not fair."  He laughed as I rubbed my throbbing hand.  Then I continued.  "Everett just seems so creepy."
Tallis shook his head and pursed his lips.  "I've gone and made you paranoid now.  Don't worry about anyone coming after you.  That's my job."
I brought my face to be closer to his.  I made sure to make intense eye contact.  I could feel myself drawing closer and closer.  I spoke very quietly, trying to be somewhat seductive.
"So what all does your job entail, exactly?"
He smiled menacingly as his eyebrows shot up in surprise.  "You're trying to be quite the little temptress right now, aren't you?"
My face flooded with a blushing red.  It almost felt as if I had a fever instantly rise.  I pulled back quickly and buried my head in my hands as I spoke.
"Wow.  I'm not embarrassed at all now."
He put a pillow over his head to drown out his laughter.  His speech and laughter were muffled through the pillow.  "Sorry.  I couldn't resist."
My face was still blood red, so I decided to shift the subject.  "So you can blow things up, and you can read a changer's aura.  Are there any other special talents you have hidden away?"  I leaned over and propped my head on his shoulder.
He smirked at me after tossing the pillow aside.  I'm sure he was resisting the urge to tease me further.
"Well actually, my sister, brother, and I can read a witch's power through their essence.  Before and after transformation."
My eyes widened with excitement and my head popped up.  My pitch was a little higher than normal when I spoke.  "Really?  And this is just now coming up?  Tell me what mine is going to be."  I was almost glowing with invigorating exhilaration.
"I don't know."  He laughed a little, like he was amused by the look of disappointment that spread across my face.
"I thought you just said you could tell."  I was so confused by his contradictory statements.
"I did, but I can only tell what they are going to be when it's something I've come into contact with before.  You have something new - very powerful.  I haven't ever sensed anything even close to it.  Des and Ayla said the same thing."  He sounded a little impressed by me.  Then he continued.  "According to your bloodline, you should be a seer, but you're obviously going to be far more powerful than a seer."
I smiled as I replied candidly.  "Well, I hope it's better than blowing stuff up, because right now my family thinks you're the coolest thing ever."
He laughed.  "No, they're just excited to have some new powers on their side.  Your family has a lot of powerful magic.  They can call their powers from all around, not just project it from their bodies.  They are at one with magic.  I can only project my explosions from my body.  Everyone in your family can attack from any direction at any time, making it impossible to know where they are.
"They don't need motion to use their magic either.  It makes it stronger when they do use motion, but it's not necessary.  They only need their minds.  I can't blow up anything without my hands or feet.  I have to push the energy from my body.  My sister has that ability with her power of serenity, but I haven't gotten to that point.  Most likely, I never will."
I looked at him curiously.  He had never seemed to be one to doubt himself.  "Why not?"
He shook his head slightly.  "I'll never be as powerful as I can be.  Nor will Desmond or Ayla.  My mother has been the one to limit herself the most though."
"Why?" I asked, still puzzled.
He sighed loudly.  "We have bound our Craymon half."
I shrugged slightly.  "What does that mean?"
He smiled.  "It means we have rejected the power that comes from our Craymon half.  My mom bound her Craymon half has well.  The blood still runs through our veins, but not the magic.  And as I said earlier, my mother will barely use her enforcer power that she inherited from her father.  It's just a safety precaution.  Our magic would be far stronger if we didn't have it bound, but we worry that the magic is tainted from his indiscretions.  We're still stronger than most because of our link to Allora, and we still have some power from our Craymon side, but it doesn't flow as freely as it would if we didn't have it bound."
I felt so sorry for him.  He didn't even know how wonderful he was.  He felt as if he had to work so hard to be good.  "I'm sorry."
He leaned over and kissed me on the forehead, as usual.  Then he got up and pulled me to my feet.  "It's just part of the hand I was dealt.  I think that's enough of the heavy talk.  It's time to get you home."
"Will you stay with me in the morning?  I don't like waking up to a cold half of the bed."  My voice was a little pleading.
"I just leave to come home and get ready.  Then I go buy you coffee and breakfast.  I'm gone an hour, tops."  He was almost poking fun of my unwillingness to be without him for one second.
I did have a genuine concern I was hesitant to voice.  "I just don't feel comfortable right now, after McKee being in my room this morning.  I thought it was you touching me.  It kind of creeps me out to know how easy it was for him to just walk in and put his hands on me."
I didn't want to bring it up, but it had been worrying me.  I continued on in my somewhat worrisome tone.  "I feel like someone's watching me all the time, and trying to find moments when I'm at my most vulnerable."
His face changed from playful to concerned and agitated in a flash.  "McKee won't ever touch you again or I will kill him."  I knew he wasn't joking as he continued speaking very quietly.  "I know for a fact that bodyguards are not invincible to my power.  I think there're a lot of reasons for you to worry about someone watching you, but you have people looking out for you all the time.  It could just be their eyes."
It sounded like he was trying to convince himself of that more than he was me.
"Okay."
I just left it alone.  I could tell he was worried, but he wouldn't admit it to me.  I was exhausted from all the new information I had to process anyway.
I went to tell his family goodbye as he did some stuff he had been neglecting to do.  They were all so wonderful to me.  They acted as if I was their savior for opening the door for them to rejoin the light community.  They had been secretly saving people for centuries.  They had saved me.  They were the heroes, not me.
Tallis came down the stairs with a bag thrown over his shoulder.  I lifted my eyes curiously.  "What's that for?"
"I have to have stuff to get ready with if I'm going to get ready at your house."  He flashed me a smile.
"Thanks."  He apparently couldn't tell me no after all.
Chapter 12

Intimacy and Jealousy

Two is company, three is a crowd, and one person always has to get hurt.

I knew I would have to get up a little earlier to get ready so that Tallis would have time to get ready.  I didn't want him to have to use a guest bathroom on another floor.
I slapped my alarm as soon as it went off.  He stirred a little, but not much.  It was the first time I had been able to really wake up to him.  His bare chest and abs were so wonderfully gift wrapped in my new white satin sheets he had bought me.
I watched the motion of his chest, expanding and contracting as he inhaled and exhaled.  I shook my head to pull myself out of the hypnotic trance I was in.
I took a shower and began drying off, then I grabbed a second towel to dry my hair.  As I raised my hand to open the cabinet for makeup, a light bulb burst, and a piece of it flew to my hand, cutting it open.
Bursting light bulbs were a common occurrence in the Bradbury and Verdan houses.  Too much magic under one roof caused currents of energy to surge sometimes.  There was literally a walk-in closet full of nothing but light bulbs because of the constant bursting.
Not to mention, Jay was an electric, which made every bulb around burst when he got angry.  I had seen that first hand, though at the time I was unaware of who or what he really was.  Now, I was just as used to it as all of them.
This time was different though.  I gasped as I saw the blood pouring from my hand in a relentless flow.  Tallis was suddenly in the bathroom, wrapping a small towel around my hand and applying pressure.   I stood up and the towel fell from my hair.  My long locks fell into place, still dripping wet.  He stared as the water rushed down my chest until it reached the second towel that was locked into place.
His breathing was heavy, and his eyes were locked on mine.  He got closer and closer.  His shirtless body was so close, and his loose shorts hung low on his waist.  Every line on his stomach was defined with such perfection.
Before I knew it, his body was pressed completely against mine.  His right hand was tangled in my hair, and his left hand was around my waist, pulling me to him in a slow motion.
I moved as he moved, trying not to spook him.  He was leading the moment.  We were so close that water from my hair was now dripping down his body.  His lips lowered themselves toward mine.
Loud footsteps running through the hallway toward us gathered our attention.  No! No! No!
It was McKee.  He rushed to where we were and Tallis withdrew from me.
McKee glared at Tallis while speaking softly in a concerned manner.  "Aria, are you okay?  I felt you in trouble."  He continued staring at Tallis as his tone turned bitter.  "I guess I was right."
I rolled my eyes and responded with exaggerated annoyance.  "I'm perfectly fine.  A light bulb burst and cut my hand.  Tallis took care of it."  I pulled the towel off my hand and raised it up as evidence that I was telling the truth.  "See?  It's already quit bleeding."
McKee continued to stand there, and now he had noticed I was only wearing a towel.  Tallis stepped in front of me, blocking his view.  I could tell he was annoyed with McKee's uncomfortable and unnecessary lingering; however, his tone remained soft as he addressed him.
"You heard her, McKee.  She's fine.  I already handled it.  You can go now."
"I don't need you telling me what to do," McKee barked, threatening more in tone than in words.
I stepped in between them.  McKee stared at my towel which was barely hanging on to my body as Tallis wrapped his arm around me.
"McKee, I'm fine.  Thank you for your concern, but I really don't need you.  I'm fine."
McKee's gaze cut away for a moment.  Then he looked back up with genuine pain in his eyes.
"You wouldn't even be with him right now if I had been there to save you that day.  If I had been the one to save you, I would be the one with you every waking second.  He was just in the right place at the right time.  You shouldn't be with someone because of pure dumb luck."
His voice sounded slightly choked up as he spoke with sincere heartbreak.
I sighed loudly, trying to be sympathetic.  I could tell how much this was hurting him, and I didn't want to make it worse.  I searched for the best way to deliver my brutal truth.
"McKee, that's not why I'm with him all the time.  I really do care about Tallis.  I'm sorry, but the fact that he saved me has nothing to do with why I'm with him."
I could see the look of satisfaction mixed with confusion that spread across Tallis's face.
"It is why you're with him.  You and he just linked up through the emotions you were feeling for him when he saved you.  It's pretty common in our world.  You'll see it soon enough.  Even if you don't realize it now, things would have gone different without him in the way."
"I'm not in the way.  I'm simply keeping her safe.  I'll not leave her until she asks me to go."  Tallis was a little more stern than earlier, but sincere.
"And that will never happen," I promptly interjected with my still soft-spoken tone.
Tallis showed his approval for my response by kissing my head.  McKee didn't say anything else.  He left abruptly, dissatisfied by my reaction.  I didn't care though because I was back in Tallis's arms, with a small towel being the only thing separating us.
He leaned over and kissed the top of my head again before speaking.  "We have to get ready for school"
My shoulders dropped in disappointment.  I nodded unwillingly, and left as he climbed into the shower.  I was hard pressed not to just climb in the shower with him, but I fought the urge and continued getting ready.   Yet again, we had come so close to kissing, but we were interrupted at the most inopportune time.
"It's always something"  I murmured aloud as I went to make us some coffee.

We got to school and I could feel someone watching me.  Then I saw that it was McKee.  He was propped up against his car, close to the entrance.  I shook my head and spoke in a very irritated sort of tone.
"I really dread calculus more and more."  I looked to Tallis.
He forced a smile.  "I'm not very fond of you in that class either, but the semester will be over before you know it.  And I'm never too far away."
He leaned over and kissed my cheek once we made it to the lockers.  I could hear some girls whispering in envious tones.  I just smiled.  I was tired of worrying about what the other girls thought of me.
I shrugged and spoke quietly after gathering my books.  "I guess I'll see you in a bit."
"It can't get her soon enough."
He let my hand go slowly as he walked away.  I took a deep breath and reluctantly headed into calculus.
Mr. Leeson stood at the front of class and talked in a cooler, more causal tone than usual.  "We'll be partnering up today to work a project.  You're going to use the equations on the board and design any structure you would like.  You can use the equations in any order you wish, but they have to all be used.  Take a moment and choose your partner."
Great.  I had no friends and McKee was the only one I knew in the entire class.  No one even glanced my way.  No guy was going to get in the mix with Tallis and McKee.  No girl wanted to get on Elaina's bad side by pairing up with me.
Everybody paired up and the only two left without a partner was McKee and me.
He slid his chair beside mine with a shrug and a cocky, triumphant smile.  "Looks like it's just you and me today."
I didn't say anything.  I just let out a sigh of frustration and began working on the assignment.  I planned on finishing it very quickly.
I began sketching after I solved each equation.  McKee just sat there, staring at me, building the awkwardness.  He finally decided to break the silence.
He leaned over closer and spoke in a low, whispered voice.  "I know I don't get many chances to talk to you without Tallis hovering, so I have to at least try to explain myself while the opportunity is available."
I didn't acknowledge him.  I just kept my eyes on the paper and continued working.  That didn't discourage him though.  He continued speaking in his whisper.
"I'm sorry I've been such an ass, but I honestly can't help it.  I know this world is all new to you, so I know it's hard for you to understand."
I brought my eyes to meet his.  "What don't I understand?  You seem to be the one who doesn't understand.  I'm with Tallis.  I'm sorry, but he's the one I want."
Even though I was whispering, you could still hear the aggravation in my tone.  I put my eyes back down and continued working.
"When we first met, you were attracted to me.  You even liked me a little.  I was linked to you in order to hide you.  When I was linked, I felt those feelings.  They magnified my attraction to you.  It's a super thing, if you know what I mean.  Not to mention, your strong bloodline makes it that much more intoxicating to be around you.  I'm in a rough place right now."
I raised my eyes back up.  I could hear the frustration in my whispered response.  "I was attracted to you for like a nanosecond.  So use your link to figure that out."
I continued on with the assignment, hoping he would just drop the whole conversation.
He didn't though.  His pleading tone was almost sad.
"It doesn't work like that.  When I first linked to you, those feelings were toward me.  When you started feeling like you did for Tallis, I was still linked.  Those feelings you have toward Tallis are the same feelings I have toward you.  Imagine if you were in my shoes, and Tallis liked you for an instant.  Then suddenly he liked someone else, and your emotions only grew.
"It would be hard for you to deal with it.  I know I haven't dealt with it all that great... at all, but I'm doing the best I know how to do.  I haven't ever been in this situation before.  I usually guard people I'm not attracted to for this reason.
"I can't pretend I don't have feelings.  I can't just shut them off.  I wish I could, but it doesn't work that way.  Will you please just be patient with me, and maybe even a little nicer?"
His voice was hopeful and still quiet.  His eyes showed genuine pain, which forced me to look back down.  I suddenly changed my tone.  I didn't even want to think about how hard it would be to watch Tallis be with someone else.  It would be unbearable.
My head rose and I laid down my pencil, preparing to give him my full and undivided attention for the first time.  Then I turned my head and looked into his eyes directly.
"Our assignment is finished."
I smiled at him encouragingly.  I didn't know what else to say, but I could start trying to be nicer.  He was in pain and he was trying to keep me safe.  I didn't understand this crazy world of magic, but he was just a guy in pain to me.  I saw things a little more clearly, though I admit it was a lot to try to fully understand.
He smiled back and spoke with a satisfactory sort of tone.  "That was the other reason I wanted you as my partner.  I didn't have to do the first thing."  He put his hands behind his head and reclined back slightly, returning to his normal, cocky and confident self.  It was nice to see.
I elbowed him sort of hard in the side.  He didn't flinch, but my elbow popped.
"Crap!"
People turned their heads to question my accidental outburst.  I was slinking down and avoiding their eye contact.
McKee just snickered slightly as he inspected my wounded elbow.  Then he spoke in a lower whispered tone than before.
"It should be fine.  You can have Aster or Anesta double check it when you get home.  Not wise to make any rough physical contact with a bodyguard."  He paused as I shook my head.  Then his eyebrows raised up and down, as a smug little grin spread across his face.  "Well, not all rough physical contact is discouraged, if you know what I mean."
I started to elbow him again, but the light throbbing pain reminded me why that would be a mistake.  I just rolled my eyes and commented this time instead.
"I think I'll pass."
The bell rang, interrupting the playful banter, and Tallis was in the doorway promptly.  McKee pushed his seat back in place, and Tallis grimaced in a displeased manner.
McKee intentionally made an effort to speak to me on his way out, stopping in front of Tallis.  "See you later ,Aria.  Glad we got this sorted out.  It'll be better now."  He left, leaving a pile of mystery in his wake.
Tallis stared at me, quizzical and worried.  "What's he talking about?"
I let out a deep sigh.  "We talked about the way he's been acting, and he agreed to be better.  I agreed to be more understanding.  I don't understand all the weird rules of magic.  I'm sure it's a little more complicated than I realize."
His eyes were riddled with confusion, as was his voice.  "What do you mean?"
We stopped at my locker so I could swap my calculus book for my Spanish book.
"I was attracted to McKee when we first met.  I kind of liked him.  He said he was linked to me so he could hide-"  I paused, trying to find the right discreet phrasing as I noticed people within earshot of our conversation.  "-me from the crazies.  His link to me and my feelings magnified his feelings."
Tallis's head drooped in a defeated manner.  It looked like I had just destroyed his will to even stand at that moment.  I quickly continued speaking as I put my hand on his chest and stood directly under him to stare up into his eyes.
"It was a brief second.  My feelings for McKee completely vanished without a trace even quicker than they appeared.  I was never drawn to him even a fraction of the way I was drawn to you.
"I couldn't even compare the differences in the way I felt about the two of you because there is no comparison to be made.  My feelings for you surpassed any hint of attraction I thought I had toward him.  My feelings for you surpassed anything I even thought possible."
I wanted to tell him I loved him so badly, but I couldn't in that moment.  It wasn't the right time.  He raised his head, shaking off the pain.  Now he seemed to be pleased with what I had to say.
He grabbed my hand and walked me to my next class.  He kissed me gently on the hand before I walked through the door.  What a crazy morning.

"Class, turn your books to page one-forty-nine, and read quietly to yourself.  We will have a short quiz on conjugations after you finish."  Mrs. Inglewood seemed to be talking through a stopped-up nose.  She wiped it with a tissue as she sat down in her squeaky chair.
I rolled my eyes.  So stupid, I thought to myself.  I was staring down at my economics book instead of my Spanish book.  I had been so distracted by my conversation with Tallis that I didn't pay attention to which book I had grabbed.
I sheepishly raised my hand.  I could hear the embarrassment in my voice.  "Mrs. Inglewood?"
She sneezed loudly before her tone of annoyance answered me.  "Yes, Aria?"
"I accidentally grabbed the wrong book.  Can I run to my locker real quick?"  My face beamed red as I heard some of the others snickering.
She huffed in aggravation.  "Yes, but do it hurriedly, and don't make a habit of this."
I slid out of my chair and walked toward my locker.  I noticed that my locker was open and someone's head was in it.  It was Everett.
"What are you doing in my locker?" I spat.
My accusatory tone was abrupt and unexpected, causing him to spin around with a guilty look.
"Sorry.  Just a routine check."  He seemed like he was hiding something or covering something up.
"So you keep an eye on my locker for evil soul stealers?"  I raised one eyebrow to show my disbelief for his answer.
He shifted his weight uncomfortably as he answered.  "You never know where danger may be.  It's usually right in front of you.  It's just too hard to see because it's so perfectly camouflaged.  You wouldn't notice it at a glance, but it becomes more obvious when you realize what you're looking for.  For instance, there might be a scratch on the wall of your room that you didn't notice for years.  Then one day, it suddenly stands out.  And once you've seen it, you can't help but stare at it every time you're in the room."
I hate riddles.  His answer insinuated there was something he knew that I didn't.  He made me squirm uncomfortably as I swapped my books.  I'd never trusted Everett.  He had always given me an uneasy feeling with his cruel and cold looks.
Then suddenly I grew angry when I thought I knew what he was talking about.  "You better not be referring to Tallis.  He's as good as anyone - better than most.  I'm so sick of hearing about his bad blood."
His eyes twitched with heavy hesitation.  His voice was riddled with regret.  "It's not Tallis.  He's chosen his light, and I trust that his intentions are pure.  I wasn't referring to anything in particular.  Like I said, just a routine check."
He walked by me hastily, probably feeling chastised, and I stared at him until he disappeared.  When I turned back to my locker, I gasped out a breath of startle.
McKee was inches from me.  I could hear my too-loud voice shriek slightly in surprise.
"What are you doing here?" I breathlessly asked.
"I felt something wrong.  I was just coming to make sure you're okay.  What are you doing out of class?"
He put his hand on my side.  I didn't like his touch.  It made me feel like I was doing something wrong.  I wiggled away subtly as I responded.
"I had the wrong book.  I had to explain the intentionally antagonistic remark that you made in front of Tallis."  I flashed him a disapproving glare.
"Sorry.  Old habits die hard.  I just wanted him to know what was going on without me having to tell him.  I'm sorry if he didn't take it so well."
He looked like he was trying to hide a smile.  He was pleased with his instigative remark, and he had most likely hoped it would spark a fight between me and Tallis.  He wasn't too pleased when I finished telling him what had happened though.
"Well, he was hurt when I explained why you were the way you were, but he was better when I told him how completely devoted to him I was.  He understood, and I got to tell him how much I really do care for him.  It actually worked out pretty well all the way around."
"You love him, don't you?" he asked, catching me off guard.  "Don't deny it.  I'm linked to your emotions.  I don't really know what love feels like personally, but I do know that your feelings are strong."
He sounded so wounded, like I had just broken his heart.  Now I felt like I was being cruel again.
I sighed loudly.  "I wasn't going to deny it.  I just haven't told him yet.  I'm really sorry if this hurts you.  I'm not trying to be mean or dismissive of your feelings.  I really do love him, and he's the one I want to be with every second of every day.  I have no intentions of ever being with you, and I feel like it would be nicer of me to be honest, than to let you think that there would be a chance for us."
I touched his shoulder, trying to be sympathetic when I saw the wave of pain and disappointment that spread across his face.
Then in a hushed tone, he said, "One day he's going to hurt you.  You may not believe it now, but it will happen.  I'll be here when it does.  You'll see how much you've been missing when that happens, and you're going to kick yourself for not seeing it sooner."
Then he turned and went back toward his class.
I shook off the feeling of guilt I had.  I did hate hurting him, but I knew Tallis cared for me and would never hurt me.  I went back to class with the correct book and tried to pretend everything was okay.
The rest of the day flew by, thankfully.  Tallis took me home and we had an unexpected surprise.  My parents had arrived early.  Finally, something good was happening.  I couldn't wait to introduce them to Tallis.
Chapter 13

More to it than Just Love

A promise not kept is nothing more than a pretty lie.

I had spent almost every waking moment with Tallis.  I was learning everything I could about him.   There was still so much to learn.
He was eighteen when he turned eternal.  His mom said he was the youngest that she knew of.  He was kind of proud of that fact.  I'd been worried I would be older, like Iris or Allaysia, but Tallis said that was unlikely.
He said most people turned around their early twenties nowadays.  He believed that magic was evolving and we were transforming earlier to get closer to the guardian deadline.  That way we wouldn't have to go long without being masked.  He also believed that it may have been a side effect from the spell cast by Allora.
He told me we would start preparing my body when I showed signs that I was close to transformation.  I didn't like the idea of waiting that long to see if I was his soul mate.
The days had flown by, and it was closing in on Christmas break.  School was going to be out for a couple weeks, and I looked forward to spending every moment of those two weeks with Tallis.  I was concerned about the fact that it had been a few months, and he still had not kissed me.
We had gotten so close so many times.  There were so many heated moments where he couldn't run away, but someone always ruined it.  It was Ash mostly.  She and Desmond had been spending a lot of time together though.
I had asked Tallis if he knew anything.  He said that Des would be in denial for a while, even if they were soul mates.  Desmond still felt hurt from the years of feeling like a pariah.  He was still adjusting to the new acceptance, and seeing Ash here and there would eventually wear him down.  Tallis said that it would be nearly impossible for Desmond to stay away once they had a true, emotionally connected moment.  Sometimes it just took a spark to ignite a roaring fire.
I had decided I was finally going to tell Tallis I was in love with him. We were supposed to hang out with Aster and Chris later - since I had to be masked and Chris was a bodyguard - and then when we got back, I had every intention of telling him how much I felt for him.
I had it all planned out perfectly.  Our Christmas vacation started in the morning, so no annoying buzzing and no empty bed when I got up.  We could just sleep in and snuggle the day away.  Hopefully, there would be some overdue affection during that time.

We got home from school, and I went straight to my room.  I called Ash who was all too excited to come help me out with getting ready for my big night out.  I couldn't wait.
Ash put me in a little fitted black dress that was sleeveless.  It was absolutely freezing outside, so I decided that something had to give.
I dug through my closet and found a cute dark denim pair of jeans.  Then Ash grabbed a sheer red shirt and gave me a black see-through lacy shirt to wear underneath.  I felt pretty good about the way I looked.
She put my dark brown hair in some loose curls, and I had on a little more makeup than usual, but in a tasteful, glamorous sort of way.  I had on black high heels with red stripes that crisscrossed in the front.  It was the first time I had ever felt confident about the way I looked.
I'd never walked in high heels, so Ash spent thirty minutes giving me lessons.  It was a lot harder than I had anticipated, and Ash was frustrated with my inability to be girly.  I awkwardly got the hang of it - enough to pass her test, at least.
While I waited, I sketched in my art room.  I sketched what I had been sketching for several months.  His face was all I could see.  His lips were the hardest part to get right because they were so inexplicably perfect.
I was so nervous about the first time I was going to say I love you.  I was nervous about what I thought would be our first kiss.  Tonight, things were going to change, and I was going to make sure of that.
Jaslene came up the stairs.  She and Alvin had been living in the guest house out back.
"Hey there, pretty girl," she chirped.  Her eyes widened slightly in a very surprised and displeased sort of way.  "You're a little too pretty actually.  You don't look like the same glum, young girl that left me in Haluali."  Her voice was upbeat at first and then turned sappy and sentimental.
"I'm not the same girl.  A lot has changed I've changed."  I couldn't stop smiling, but there were tears in her eyes.
"Be careful, honey.  There's a lot more that's going to change in your life, and well, Tallis may be one of those changes to come."  Concern wrenched her voice.
"Tallis is in my life to stay.  I know you think I'm just a young foolish teenager, especially since you're like three-hundred years old, literally.  But I know this is real, and I trust that I'm right."
"I'm actually four-hundred-and-fifty.  I was born back when... Well, no history lessons tonight.  Tonight my little girl goes out on her first real date."
It was odd seeing her look thirty again.  She almost looked the same age as Iris.  It was still an adjustment.
She hugged me tightly and went back downstairs to where everyone was congregated.  I joined them shortly after.  We were talking and joking around when there was a knock at the door.
Jay laughed while speaking in a playfully teasing tone.  "Did he actually just knock?  He's been coming on in for months now.  I swear he's moved in and not told anyone."
He had no room to talk.  Ayla spent most of her time there, too.  She and Jay had become inseparable.  It was uncanny really.  Jay had never been the settling down type.  That soul mate connection must be pretty powerful stuff.  I couldn't wait to be Tallis's soul mate.
Aster walked to the door, motioning for me to come with her so that the family didn't tease us for longer than necessary.  McKee was there, scowling as usual when it came to Tallis and me.  He was completely different than the perky, confident guy I met the first day of school whenever Tallis was around.
I felt bad for him, but I loved Tallis.  McKee stared at me as I walked to the door.  Then he made a snide comment.
"Don't see the point of taking her out when he's been sharing her bedroom for months now."
I cut my eyes at him and shook my head.  He wasn't ruining this for me.  I wouldn't allow it.
As soon as Aster opened the door, I darted out to the porch.  There he was.  He had on dark denim jeans with a button up black shirt that complemented my ensemble quite nicely.  His eyes grew incredibly wide when he saw me.
"Wow."  He seemed surprised, which was flattering and a little disheartening at the same time.  I definitely needed to dress up a little more.  "Did I miss something?  Aren't we going to grab a bite at the diner?"
I heard Jay snickering.  I ignored him though.  I was slightly blushing as I spoke with a bit of embarrassment.  "Yeah, I just let Ash have her way with me tonight."
As I shut the door behind us, he waved to everyone.  I grumbled under my breath when I saw McKee roll his eyes.
Tallis wrapped his arm around my waist to usher me to the car.  I leaned into him, ignoring the fluttering nerves trying to strangle me.

We got to the diner and I heard a guy whistle at me.  Tallis shot him a threatening look.  The guy threw his hands up in mock surrender, snickering somewhat.  Tallis shook it off.
"He wouldn't be laughing if he knew you could blow him up with the flick of your wrists," Chris whispered, chuckling lightly.
Tallis let out a laugh and got over the quick surge of anger.  He put his arm around me.  He winked at me as he spoke in his smoldering tone.  "I guess I can't blame him for his interest.  You're well perfect."
I felt myself blushing, squirming awkwardly under his enamored gaze.  "Ash worked hard."  I smiled lightly.
"She didn't have to do anything.  You're always beautiful."  He winked at me, making those butterflies collide in frenzy.
"So then there's nothing special about me tonight?"
"I never said that.  Tonight-"  He paused, letting his eyes rake over me in appraisal.  "Tonight, you're stunning in a whole new light.  Made me gasp for air."
Now I really was blushing.  He certainly had a way with words.  He was definitely smooth and charismatic.  I found charm in the tiniest of things he would say.  I was in love with him, and my resolve was cemented.  I knew he was my soul mate no matter what the odds were.
My voice was quiet.  "Thank you."
"Anytime."  He was staring intensely into my eyes until we were interrupted by the waitress.

We finished up and walked out with our fingers interlocked.  The night was going great.
Chris and Tallis had been having a friendly dispute about who was faster.  They decided on a ten mile race.  Tallis turned to kiss me on the cheek.
Mmm.  His lips were so soft.
"Chris and I are going to settle this.  I'll be back soon.  I'll be the one you see first."
Aster rolled her eyes as Chris leaned over and kissed her.  "Be careful, boys.  Don't let yourselves be seen."
Chris chuckled as he spoke teasingly.  "I don't know about him, but I'll be going too fast for the mortal eye to see."  Then with a whirling sound of wind, they were gone.
Aster and I walked around to the side of the restaurant.  She laughed lightly as she spoke.  "Boys will be boys I guess.  I suppose it doesn't matter how many centuries they have under their belt."
"Apparently."  I laughed, too.
Then we heard voices. It was the guy who had made Tallis mad earlier by whistling at me, along with some other rough looking guys.
"What's up ladies?"
The fatter one licked his lips as he walked toward us.  His bulging belly shook as he approached.  I cringed at how grotesque I found him to be.
"How's about we go have a little fun?"
Aster looked at him threateningly and replied sarcastically.  "Oh gee, what's that on my finger?  Oh yeah, it's a wedding band.  My big strong husband wears one that matches."
The guy didn't care about her noted rejection.  Now he locked his eyes on me.  "What about you?   You aren't wearing a ring, honey."
I pulled back, but I wasn't scared.  I knew Aster could take them with no problem.  Not to mention what Tallis would do to them, or what Chris would do.
"I don't see why not.  You guys want to come back in about twenty minutes and see if we're still here?"  I could hear my sarcasm matching Aster's, and I admit, I got a bit of an adrenaline rush.
"You girls think you're cute," the greasy guy sneered.
They all reeked of alcohol.  The wild in their eyes was scarier now that I had upset them.  Something was off.  The darkness swallowing their eyes up was almost inhuman.  Though they were foul, they didn't carry the stench the creepy guy from the woods held.
"You think it's comical to poke fun of people because you think you're hot and rich?  Let's see how funny you think this is."
He reached over and grabbed me by the waist and threw me over his shoulder very forcefully before carrying me away.  I pounded his back ineffectively.  He didn't even flinch.
I was looking for Aster to save me, but she didn't.  Finally, I spotted her.  She was on the ground, holding her stomach, eyes squeezed shut in pain.  I didn't know what just happened.
I struggled to get free, but he was too strong and he wasn't letting me go.
He finally dropped me to the ground.  My knees hit first and I felt them bust open against the pavement.  I could feel shooting pain as someone kicked me in the stomach.  They seemed possessed as they showed no mercy, but their strikes were mortal.  What the hell was going on?
A voice taunted me with no compassion.  "How hot are you now. smartass?"
I tried to get up, but my knees hurt too badly.  They burned like they were on fire.  I could feel the blood running down my legs.  One of them grabbed me by my hair and slung me into the side of a dumpster.
I felt my lip split open, my breaths grow coarser, and my eye swell.  I could taste blood now.
They just laughed as they passed around a bottle of liquor.  Then one of them sucked on something that resembled a pipe.  They were deranged and sadistic as they took pleasure in beating me to a pulp.
With every new blow, I worried about what would be next.  I worried that despite the immortal attack I had survived, I was going to be killed by strung-out, alcoholic mortals.
I heard someone talking, though the sound seemed echoed and distant.  I struggled to move, and my breaths were painful.
"Yo man.  We're just teaching her some manners.  Rich girls think they own this town.  This ain't got nothin' to do with you.  Just walk away before you get hurt."
The next thing I knew, there was a guy sailing through the air, slamming into the dumpster right beside me.  Then I heard the greatest sound in the world ring out - Tallis's voice.
"Really?  Six guys beating the hell out of one girl?"  A string of curse words flew from his mouth as he lost control, breaking anything he touched.
The guys were running and screaming, but Tallis was bringing them back.  Each one of them was lucky they only looked as bad as I did.  Tallis showed restraint not killing them.  I'm sure he wanted to.
When he finished, my attackers were all lying on the ground, unconscious, but still breathing.  Tallis turned to me with tears in his eyes.  He picked me up and started carrying me away from the disaster zone.  I stifled the wince that begged to be freed.  It hurt... everywhere.
"I'm so sorry," he murmured through a strained, agonized tone.
I summoned all the strength I could to keep from showing him how much pain I was in.
"It's not your fault.  I'm the one who antagonized them.  I thought Aster would stop them, but something happened to her.  Is she okay?"  My voice was shaky, and weak, not aiding me in convincing him I was okay.
He grimaced upon hearing the painful sound in my voice.  "Nothing you could have said would justify anyone ever doing this to you.  You have no idea how bad I wanted to snap their necks in half," he hissed through gritted teeth.
I asked my question again, in an attempt to shift the conversation.  I worried that he might actually go back to finish the job.  "What about Aster?"
He answered while still assessing the damage done to my body.  "She'll be fine.  Chris took her to the house to see Anesta.  I'm sure it's nothing."
He sounded convincing, but I was still worried.
He set me in the car, and I cringed with pain as my knee scraped the side of the door.  "Ow, ow, ow, ow," I squealed through one rapid breath.
My hands were skinned pretty badly from being drug on the pavement.  My lip felt twice the size it should.  My face throbbed with pain, and the unwelcome taste of blood invaded my mouth even more.
Tallis's face was unnervingly furious and miserable at the same time.  He leaned away like he was going to go back, but I grabbed his hand.
"Let's go check on Aster.  I'm worried."
He nodded somewhat reluctantly and climbed in the car.  He slammed his door so hard I was surprised it didn't break.  Before I knew it, we were going a hundred-and-twenty down the old highway.  I just dropped my head back, hoping the pain would cease or at least decrease.  It only seemed to worsen though.  Everything on me was throbbing with pain.  Then I felt Tallis touch the side of my cheek with the back of his hand in a caressing motion.  I looked at him and tried to make light of the situation.
"Well, I was trying so hard to look sexy tonight.  I think this just put me over the top."
My attempt at humor was in vain.  He didn't smile.  He just stared at the road, silently brooding for several minutes.
"No one will ever hurt you again as long as I'm alive."
The conviction and protectiveness in his tone made my heart flutter.  It was the perfect moment.  As horrible as I looked, it was still perfect.  I was about to tell him I loved him, when suddenly we were at the house.  The yard was littered with vehicles.
"What's going on?  Is it Aster?"  Now I was really worried.
"I'm not sure."
He jumped out and had my door open before I even got my hand on the handle.  He scooped me up, carrying me and my battered body.  He had no idea how painful this was.  His grip was too tight, but I couldn't tell him.
"I can walk."
"No, it's the least I can do for leaving you alone."  His eyes were almost in tears from his unwarranted guilt.
I took a deep breath and spoke through the pain.  "Quit blaming yourself.  This wasn't your fault at all.  I'll be fine."
Chris met us at the door.  He had a look of sheer terror that instantly turned to fury.  "Damn!"  Then he turned to Tallis with his fists clenched.  "I'll go back with you, right now."
I put my hand up quickly in front of Chris to stop him.  "Tallis already handled it.  They'll feel worse than I do when they come to."  I stopped for a second to fight of a burning stab of pain from my knees.  "I don't want to talk about this.  I want to know what's going on with Aster."
His face changed.  So many emotions gathered in his eyes at once that I couldn't tell what was going on.
I was ready to panic, when he said, "We're having a baby."
I could hear the shock and worry in my tone.  "What?  Is the baby okay?  What happened?  Aster was on the ground."
"Yeah, having a magical baby introduce itself can apparently knock you off your feet.  Aster didn't know what was going on.  She's pretty worried about you though.  I told her not to worry.  I never imagined What kind of mortals do this to a girl?  I never even knew animals like that existed."
They kept fussing over me instead of worrying about Aster.  I was almost terrified to see what I looked like.  I could feel my ribs trying to dislodge.
"I'm fine.  I promise," I lied.  "Why is everyone here?"
"It's customary to call the heads of the families in on the first night of awareness - to get their blessings.  They wish the baby a safe journey and prepare the body for the carrying of a magical child."
"Oh."
I knew he was excited, but I could also tell he felt conflicted about being happy after seeing how I looked.  I felt like I was taking away from the moment.  I didn't want anyone else to see me.
Aster needed everyone to focus on her.  I looked at Tallis and spoke quietly.  "Will you take me outside?"  I took a breath, still fighting off the searing pain that seemed to be spreading by the minute, then I looked at Chris.  "Chris, will you send Anesta out when she gets a chance?"
His eyes were so burdened as he spoke with absolute guilt.  "Yeah no problem, Aria, and again, I'm sorry."
"Don't be.  I'm fine."  Sharp pains kept coming from my side where I had been kicked.  I certainly didn't want Chris or Tallis feeling worse, so I didn't tell Tallis that the way he was holding me was torture.
He gently placed me on the swing of the front porch.  He sat beside of me and carefully placed my head in his lap.  He began gently stroking my hair, while letting his free hand rest gently on my stomach.  It was peaceful, minus the pain of course.  I reached up to touch his face.  It was soft and gentle, like him.  I pulled his hand from my stomach up to my lips and kissed it.  He smiled and finally looked down at me.
"So on a scale of one to ten, how incredibly tempting am I right now?" I joked.  He shook his head, amused, but said nothing.  I wasn't giving up that easily.  "Too soon?"
That got a snicker out of him.  I smiled up at him and he flashed a small grin at me.  I knew my voice still carried waves of pain in it.  "At least I got something out of you besides sadness."
A ruffled breath blew out of his tightened lips.
"You don't know how hard it is for me to know that I could have prevented this."  His eyes were riddled with guilt he didn't deserve to feel.
"I'm fine.  You did prevent it from being worse.  If you hadn't shown up, then I really would have been in a mess.  You always save me though."
"Yeah but-"
I put my hand over his mouth to stop him from continuing to blame himself.  "But nothing.  I'm very happy that you saved meagain.  You're always my hero."
He smiled big that time.
We were interrupted as Anesta walked up, speaking with uncertainty in her voice.  "Aria?  Chris said you needed me."  Her eyes caught sight of my battered body.  Fury and surprise rang out in her tone.  "What the hell happened?"
"A group of guys jumped me, beat me up pretty badly.  Tallis stopped them before one of them cut my face up."
Tallis flinched.  I guess he hadn't even noticed what was going on when he threw himself into the fight.  He just knew I was a bloody mess on the ground.
Anesta shook her head in disbelief.  "Filthy mongrels.  They should be turned to ashes for this."
"It's my fault.  I shouldn't have left her side."  Tallis put his head down in shame.
Anesta had been cruel to the whole Verdan family since the alliance.  I was surprised when she didn't take the opportunity to kick him while he was down.
"You can't watch her every second of every day.  You left her in the very capable hands of Aster.  How were you to know her baby would make introductions tonight?  You've barely left Aria's side for more than an hour or two at a time for the past few months.  You haven't hurt her or taken advantage of her, and it seems like you're always saving her.  You shouldn't feel guilty for this.  Not to mention, she'll be just fine in a couple of minutes.  This is the easy stuff.  Mortals are too weak to make a mess I can't clean up quickly."
I smiled as they exchanged a silent promise of truce.  Anesta was finally accepting the Verdan's.  Or at least Tallis anyway.  She looked down at me.
"All right.  I need to know where you hurt the most.  I need to start with the worst pain."
I pointed to my stomach and spoke through gritted teeth.  "I think my ribs are broken."
I saw Tallis's face distort.  He realized I'd been in pain the whole time he'd been holding me.  "Why didn't you say something?" he asked, his tone swelling with misery.
"Because you would've just felt worse."
I forced a smile as Anesta put her hands on my sides.  My ribs moved inside my body.  It hurt for a moment longer, but then I could breath easily without the sharp pains.  Next she put her hands on my knees.  I watched in disbelief as my skin that had been ripped apart suddenly closed back together right in front of my eyes.  It looked like nothing had happened.  Then she did my hands, my lip, and my bruised face.  When she finished, she hugged me and I thanked her.
I looked at Tallis, who was still beating himself up.  I looked down at my body as I spoke with ease now.  "See?  Now the only things messed up are my clothes.  I need to go change."
He stood up and wrapped an arm around me.  We went upstairs, away from the multitudes of people.

When we got to my room, I put on some new clothes.  He had his back turned to me, staring out the window.  I threw on a pair of yoga style pants and a tank top.  I walked over to where he was standing and wrapped my arms around him.
"You like that window, don't you?"
"I just like making sure you're safe, even though I didn't do so good tonight."
"Don't start that again."  I paused for a minute.  "Anesta seems to be coming around.  That's good."
"She's not so bad.  She's just in pain."  His eyes started looking down toward the floor as he talked to me.
"Why is she in pain?"  I was puzzled by his statement.
"Anesta has been looking for centuries for her soul mate.  She's been waiting and longing for her other half.  She's never looked outside the realm of witches.  Then she learns that bodyguards and witches can also be mates.  So she expands her search into the guards as well.  Then she finds out about Allaysia and Edmond, and realizes that she's been so closed-minded for centuries.  She's been looking for a witch instead of looking for magic.  It's disheartening because now she worries that she has already missed her chance.  There's so many more places to look as well."
"Oh.  I hadn't thought about that."  It would be lonely to be alone for centuries.  I thought for a moment.  "I think you I think we're soul mates."
I didn't intend to blurt it out so boldly, or awkwardly.  I was becoming increasingly horrible with timing and words.
He hugged me.  He didn't seem surprised by my statement.  I started pulling his face down toward mine, but he caught my arms and stopped me.  I was a little hurt, but mostly confused.
"I'm sorry.  I guess I thought you felt the same way."  I felt my voice cracking and heard its uneven tones.
He grimaced slightly.  "I care for you, but this is dangerous."
I tilted my head.  "Why is this dangerous?"
He sighed loudly and walked away from me.  "Everyone thinks that Dramus was this crazy lunatic that sat in a dungeon and looked for a way to drain an essence.  That's not how it happened though.  He was just trying to kiss a witch and found himself inhaling her.  That sort of thing doesn't happen like that for the other dark ones.  They have to try to inhale.  That could very possibly happen to me, considering I share his blood."
I shook my head.  "That's crazy.  You're nothing like him.  You're pure and light.  I can't see it, but I can feel it."
He looked away with shame and guilt in his eyes.  "That's not a chance I'm willing to take with your life."
I put myself in front of him and forced him to look at me.  "It's a chance I'll take all day."
He put his hands on my shoulders and sighed again.  "I wouldn't let you take such a chance.  I won't do anything that jeopardizes your safety ever again."
I rolled my eyes.  "You haven't ever jeopardized my safety.  I'm a big girl, and I can make my own decisions."
He was avoiding eye contact with me.  "Not about this.  I can't let you risk your life just to be with me.  It's not fair and it's not practical.  It's just your emotions running away with you, and for some foolish reason, I've allowed myself to get wrapped up.  I'm only endangering you by getting so close."
"Don't.  Don't do this.  We've been stuck in limbo for so long - together but not together.  Don't do this."
He groaned, letting his hand roughly slide through his hair.  "Aria, you don't know what you're saying."
I could feel tears forming in my eyes.  "I know we're soul mates.  I can feel it.  Every time we touch, every time you look at me, every time I even get close to you, I can feel it.  I can feel the pounding in my heart getting heavier anytime you're gone for too long.  I know I'm right about this.  Don't say that it's just my foolish emotions, because I know it's so much more."
"I don't think you understand.  Soul mates are hard for immortals to understand, let alone mortals.  I know that you feel for me, but it's the attraction to my immortality.  It's a normal feeling.  Mortals have always been drawn to immortality.  A link.  It's not me.  Magic is completely intoxicating.  It draws you in without you even realizing it.  Your magic isn't here yet, but I can still feel it pulling me in.  It's strong and almost irresistible.  But that doesn't make us soul mates."
I was dumbfounded.  I'd been certain that he knew it was as real as I did.  I couldn't believe he didn't feel the same way.  But I was mostly crushed by the fact that he viewed me as he did any other mortal.
The dams broke and tears began pouring out.  "I thought I was sure that I know I feel something between us.  I know it's more than an attraction to immortality.  I'm not attracted to anyone but you.  All I can think about is you."  I watched as he winced lightly, and I sloppily wiped my tears away.
He spoke even quieter.  "You and I have a strong bond, because of how much time we've spent together.  The magic in your veins is stirring from being in such close contact with mine.  When you're immortal, all of those feelings are amplified to a degree you can't even comprehend yet.  Once you transform, you will see all of that with such better clarity.  You will also understand the emotional linkage as well.  When you transform, the strength of that link will be gone.  The connection that draws you to me will be gone."  
His eyes twitched with pain, and he took a steadying breath.
"You don't want to kiss me.  Not like this.  I've fought so incredibly hard to resist such temptation.  Everyday I fight the urge and try not to let myself want you."
Tears were pouring out faster than I could wipe them away.  "Quit fighting!  I don't care why you think I want you.  I know why I want you.  It's more than your immortality or our magic.  And it's much more than some stupid link!
"It's the way you smile when I talk.  It's the way I feel when I'm sleeping beside you.  It's the way I feel when you're waiting on me outside with coffee in the mornings.  It's the way you stare me in the eyes, and I know you're the only person in the world for me.  I was so sure you felt the same way."
He wouldn't even look at me when he spoke again.  I could hear him clearing his throat so as not to choke up.
"I know it feels like that, but I know what I'm talking about.  Your mind will change; the way you feel for me will change.  It's going to kill me as it is.  I don't want to make this any worse than it's already going to be.  I've been so selfish by letting your human emotions affect me.
"We're drawn to mortals, too, and the feelings they have.  You can love and lose, and then love again.  It's not that way for us.  I've been around for many years.  I was glad to feel free to care the way you did.  Until you, I didn't even know how much I yearned to feel connected to someone - real or not.  But if you waste the rest of your mortal life with me, you'll regret squandering the chance to be with whoever you choose while you can still choose.
"The reason a soul mate bond is so strong is so that magic can carry on.  It's not a bad thing once you've found it, but until you do, it's a lonely road.  I can't let you give up your opportunity to choose while you still can.  You'd never forgive me, and I'd never forgive myself."
Tears flooded my face furiously now.  It was almost hard to breathe.  I felt as if I was going to hyperventilate.  "I choose you.  I choose everything about you.  If you don't think I can love you later, then just let me love you now, because I do love you ."
He had tears flickering on the edge of his eyelids, trying to fall.  He wouldn't blink in order to keep them from doing so.  "I can't do this to you.  I care about you too much.  I want things to stay the way they are.  In my world, there is more to love than just love.  You can't help it."
I took a deep breath.  I was hurt and mad.  I was so confused and embarrassed.  "They can't stay the same.  I want you, and I just told you I love you.  If you don't want me that way, then you should go."
"Aria, please."  His tone pleaded for me not to do this.  I regretted ever saying anything.
I lowered my voice, letting anger slither away to leave me alone with my pain and humiliation.  "I can't right now.  I can't pretend like I didn't just try to give you my heart completely.  I can't pretend this isn't unimaginably painful.  I can't pretend that it's easy to be with you right now.  Just go, please.  I need some time to process all of this."
My voice was barely a whisper by the end.  I couldn't look at him anymore.  It hurt too much.
"Aria, I never meant to hurt you.  That's what I'm trying not to do."
I put a hand in the air and turned my head away to stop him from talking.  There was nothing he could say right now to make it okay that he wouldn't even consider that I might be his soul mate.  I was just a dumb mortal to him.  He was the dumb one though.  I knew I was right.  I just didn't have the strength to keep fighting at that moment.
"I know you didn't mean to, but you did just hurt me.  Please... go," I whispered.
I turned around, facing away from him.  Then I heard the swish of wind blowing out the window.   I walked over to the same window and watched him drive away.  He blazed out of the driveway.  I could hear the squealing of tires for miles.  At least I didn't have to worry about him dying in a car wreck.
I heard footsteps coming up the stairs.  "Arisianna?"  It was Jaslene.  "Honey, are you okay?  I saw, and heard Tallis leave.  What happened?"
As she made her way over to me, I fought back the fresh onslaught of tears.
"I told him I loved him and he didn't feel the same way.  He said my mortal feelings clouded both of our minds.  Then he proceeded to tell me I needed to enjoy the rest of the mortal time I have and love other people."
I started sobbing uncontrollably as she sat down beside me on the bed and wrapped her arms around me.  She kissed my head and began rocking me slightly, as a mother tends to do when her child is hurting.
"Oh, honey, I was afraid of this.  Tallis did the honorable thing.  He's just looking out for you," she said.  Her tone was deceitfully comforting, but her words cut through the already shredded pieces of my heart.
My eyes narrowed with a rejuvenated sense of anger.  "What?"  I backed away, swatting at her hands when she reached for me.  "How could you say that to me right now?"
Her tone turned to explanatory as she tried to defend her poor choice of words.  "Dear, I know you believe he's your soul mate.  All of this has just been sprung on you too fast.  You learned about your destiny in the most unconventional way.  I'm sorry, but you haven't had the proper amount of time to really digest the overwhelming heaps of information you've had thrown at you.  It's going to take some time, but you will understand.  The chances of you finding your soul mate so fast are slim to none.  The chances of you finding your soul mate before transformation are Well, it's never happened before.  It's an emotion the mortal mind is too fragile to fully comprehend."
I swallowed hard against the lump in my throat, recoiling from her even more.
"What about Aster, Gear, and Jay?" I barked.  "Desmond may be fighting it, but he's still Ash's mate.  Maybe our family has a need for their soul mates so quick."
Jaslene grimaced, letting her guard down enough to show me secretiveness in her eyes.
"Arisianna, dear... Geariandan and Astrianna are over a hundred years old.  They were born a full century before you.  Jaymondian and Ash are, however, the exception to the rule.  Ayla has been searching for centuries though.  The same goes for Desmond.  And Ash is truly struggling in pain while he fights the emotions that even someone as old as he has difficulty understanding.  It's not as simple as you believe it to be.  I wish it was."
I was still reeling from the first part of her revelation.  Has my whole life been nothing but one enormous wad of lies?
"Whoa.  Gear and Aster are that old?  Why am I just now finding that out?  I have memories of them growing up with me.  They were older, but I still remember them."
I was starting to glare at her with absolute distrust.  Everything... All of it... It was all a lie.
She grimaced again.  "Fabricated memories, mostly," she said, letting out a harsh breath when she saw the horror on my face.  She sighed deeply before continuing.  "When Gear and Aster would come to visit, they would bring a guard.  They would also change their appearance to be younger.  However, most memories were the concoction of a dreamer."
My eyes grew wide.  I felt like a rug had just been pulled out from underneath me and I was landing on a bed of jagged rocks.  Everything had been turned upside-down.
My voice echoed the betrayal I was feeling inside.  "You have to be kidding.  Memories of my brother and sister are fabricated?  How could you?"
She tried to touch me, but I knocked her hand away with disgust.  She frowned slightly.
"I'm sorry, dear.  I didn't plan on having anymore children after Geariandan Astrianna.  I told you about getting my tubes tied before getting pregnant with you, but it wasn't true.  I went to a chanter, which is a magical doctor.  He told me I wouldn't have anymore children, but directly after I had Jaymondian and then Ashiara the very next year.  Then I went back to the chanter.  Again he told me I wouldn't have any more children.  Then you introduced yourself to me so late in the pregnancy that it nearly shocked me to death.  I was trying to protect you, but now it seems as if I should have told you about your destiny sooner."
"You think?" I scoffed sardonically, refusing to meet her gaze.
She sighed.  "I may have done this all wrong, but everything I did was for you.  I thought I was doing what was best for you.  Nothing like this has ever happened with your siblings."
I just mumbled, "The road to hell was paved with good intentions."
She groaned, desperate to find a way to clear her conscience, but I was done.  I had no intentions of easing her guilt.
She took a deep breath before speaking again.  "Honey, you've had so much dropped on you so fast.  Let's not press anything tonight.  I think you need some rest.  We'll talk in the morning.  Give your emotions time to settle down.  We shouldn't let anything get said that we might regret."  She got up and headed to the door, hesitating before she fully retreated.  "Good night."
I didn't say anything.  I just turned away.  I listened as her footsteps disappeared down the stairs.
Chapter 14

Gas on the fire

When your world falls apart, you can't always pick up the pieces by yourself.

I woke up the next morning with tears still staining my eyes.  My head was aching from the absurd amount I'd cried.  I could hear people talking outside.  I half hoped it was Tallis.
I peeked out the window to see a younger guy.  He was maybe twenty.  He was huddled up with several members of our coven.
I walked outside to find out what was going on.  I wasn't really in the mood to deal with company, but I needed something, anything to take my mind off of Tallis.
I stumbled outside, thanks to the threshold of the doorway sticking up too far. Gear walked up to take my hand, and pulled me toward the new member.
"This clumsy girl is my youngest sister, Aria."
How dare he act like nothing was wrong.  I'd just found out he and Aster had been lying to me all these years.  I didn't even know which memories were real or fake.  It was painful.
"I'm Jared Hunter," the guy said in his velvety Irish accent.
Jared smiled at me as he reached out his hand to shake mine.  His hair was very dark, and his eyes glistened with green and blue.  He had a tall and muscular build, but not bulky muscle.  Even though he was eye candy, I barely paid him attention.
Then Gear spoke again in an excited gush.  "Jared is one of the members of the light militia.  He's going to be crashing here for a couple of days, or more.  He's waiting on a few others to meet up with information.  Jared and I go way back.
I rolled my eyes, thinking of how Jaslene had told me of Gear's real age.  My voice was weak and strained when I tried to respond.
"Where's he going to be staying?  And what's the light militia?"
Before Gear could answer my questions, Olivia called for him.  "Gear, I need you to come help me set up a room for Jared please."
Gear jogged off and Jared chuckled quietly.  The subtly of Jared's accent was charming.  His pretty eyes were disarming, but all I could think about was the jerk who ran off directly after I confessed my love.
"I never would've thought Gear to be the housebroken type," he said through his chuckles.
I could barely force a smirk.  I'd always thought of Gear as being very mature, but it appeared I didn't know very much about him at all.  I'm sure he was immature when he was actually younger.
"I guess you must know him a little better."
I crossed my arms in front of my chest in a slightly pouting manner.  Jared touched my chin and pulled it up so that my eyes meet his.  "It's always tough learning about who you are.  You just need to make sure you don't waste your mortal time worrying about your immortal future.  The real world can wait.  I wish someone had told me that."
I'd known him for a second and he was already giving me advice.  I wanted to scream at him, tell him he didn't know a thing about me or what I was going through.  I didn't though.  Possibly because I was going numb.
Under my breath, I grumbled, "I know.  I just have a lot of other things on my mind.  Gear's true age really doesn't bother me...  I'm just overwhelmed by all the lies that I used to think were truths."
He nodded, letting my words fully resonate.  "I understand that.  It took me a long time to adjust.  Surprisingly enough, though, all of this will soon make more sense to you than the mortal stuff."
I let out a slight laugh which felt oddly cathartic.  "Right now, I don't think the immortal or the mortal stuff makes a whole lot of sense."
"That's because you're stuck in the middle.  Falling in love with an immortal didn't help things, I'm sure.  That's the sort of thing that only complicates your emotions."
I could feel my face burning red.  Was I wearing a flashing sign that screamed heartbreak?
 "How do you know about that?"
He looked as though he was unsure about whether or not he should say anymore.  I stared expectantly, silently taking a stand to make him answer me.
"Gear told me.  He was telling me about all of the new information - and the new people hanging around - and it just... kind of... came up.  It wasn't like he was blabbing about your private life or anything."
I rolled my eyes, puffing somewhat childishly.  "I'm sure he's relieved it didn't work out.  He hasn't exactly been too thrilled about my closeness with Tallis."
Jared just chuckled slightly, angering me a little.  "No.  He was very candid in his disapproval of someone being alone with his little sister so much.  I've been friends with him for a long time and I still got the whole 'don't touch my baby sister' speech."
I just shook my head, embarrassed and agitated at the same time.  "That's just great."
He laughed a little harder this time.  "I've always been a bit of a rebel, though.  I very rarely follow the rules without bending them a tad."  Then he winked at me.
I could feel myself blushing.  As cute as he was - and as smooth as he was - I couldn't let myself be interested.  It felt wrong.  My heart belonged to Tallis, and even though he was done with me, I was still in love with him.  It almost felt like I would be cheating if I acknowledged Jared's flirty tone.
We walked back to the house quietly until we got to the porch.  Then I blurted out the question I had asked Gear before Olivia had summoned him.
"What is the light militia?"
He smirked.  "We're a group that tracks down and kills the smaller groups of essence thieves who are trying to make their way into the Dramus circle.  I hear nowadays there's actually another Craymon running the show."
I nodded.  "Dramus had a son."  I didn't want to talk about Dramus or any of his mignons, so I shifted the conversation back to him.  "So, you have to risk your life all the time?  Sounds a little like you enjoy danger."
He let out a laugh before responding.  "I'm not an adrenaline junkie or anything, but I owe the bas... I mean, creeps... some payback.  I feel a great deal of release when I fight.  And it's cheaper than therapy."
He snickered a bit to lighten the seriousness of the conversation.
I sensed there was more to his story than what he was telling.  It seemed as though he was holding back painful memories.  I didn't want to press the issue.  Truth be known, I just wanted to go to rest my mind.
Being away from Tallis for even this short amount of time was making me miserable.  I just wanted to check out from the real world for a while.
Olivia poked her head out of the door.  "Jared, we have your room ready."
Jared smiled at me as he winked flirtatiously.  "So, are we roommates, or am I having to stay down the hall?"
I blushed again, but before I could say anything, Gear was throwing a blob of water at Jared's head.  It almost looked like  a clear water balloon as it smacked him right in the face.  Then I could hear Gear speaking in a scolding tone.
"I told you - hands off!"
Jared wiped his face as he teased, "I knew you were listening.  It was just a little joke."
Gear and Olivia laughed from the inside the house, while I tried to drown in humiliation.

I woke up burning up.  I glanced over to look at the clock.  It was two o'clock in the morning.  I huffed in aggravation.
Everyone in the house was immortal, so they often forgot that a mortal needs temperature control.
I got up and walked downstairs to adjust the thermostat.  They must've thought that since it was winter I would need it set on eighty-two degrees.  I lowered it to seventy-two, and then I looked outside.
There was snow on the ground.  I'd never seen so much snow until this year.  It was so beautiful the way the moon glistened off the surface of the fluffy white blanket.  Then I saw bright colors erupting from around the corner of the house.
I threw on my boots and my jacket, and then I ran outside to investigate.  As I rounded the corner, I saw Jared.  He stood out there, shirtless, as he blasted streaks of fire across the yard.  It seemed to be so effortless for him.  The fire that blazed from his hands just seemed to be an extension of  him.  I could see him swaying back and forth as he kept his eyes focused forward, enjoying the heady power rush.
"Can't sleep, Aria?" he asked in nearly a whisper, startling me.
I didn't even know he knew I was there.  I was slightly embarrassed now that he knew I was watching him.
"It was really hot inside, so I got up and saw lights flashing.  My curiosity got the better of me."
The fire suddenly disappeared from his hands and he turned to face me.  His lean sculpted body reminded me so much of Tallis's.  His pants hung low on his waist, and he had a menacing grin when he became aware of my foolish, unintentional gawking.
"Sorry.  Immortals forget the most comfortable temperature when there hasn't been a mortal around for a while."  Then he smiled at me even cockier then he already was.  "You want to come here for a minute?"
My head snapped up suddenly, and I quit drooling like an idiot.  "What?" I squeaked, squirming awkwardly.
"Easy, girl," he said softly, trying not to laugh at my skittish reaction.  "I was just asking if you wanted to feel the magic.  Come here.  Trust me."
Trust him?  I didn't know him.
He smiled at me as he stuck his hand out, gesturing for me to take it.  I was confused by what he was proposing, but I warily put my hand in his hand and mumbled, "Okay."
He pulled me into his arms swiftly, making my breath catch in my throat, and put my back against his chest.  I could feel the heat radiating from his body to mine.  It wasn't as fiery as Tallis's touch, but things were definitely heating  up.
His voice was so soft that it was almost seductive.  "Just breathe as I breathe.  Inhale as I do, and exhale as I do."
My body was firmly placed against his, and his arms were on top of mine.  I followed his body movement, and I could feel something - I just didn't know what it was.
I started to ask him what it was that I was feeling, when suddenly, fire erupted from his palms.  He crisscrossed the blaze to create a repetitive pattern, and I felt entranced under the spell of its beauty.  I couldn't feel any heat from the fire, but I could feel the power as if it was my own.  My body flowed with his as he continued projecting the magnificent blaze.
Then he spoke softly in my ear as we continued to flow together.  "Pretty soon you'll feel your own magic.  It'll feel even better than this."  Then the fire suddenly disappeared, abandoning us in the cold.
I almost had to catch my breath when I stumbled away from him.  Everyone had spoken about magic, lectured me on it, even given me some shining demonstrations, but this was the first time anyone had let me feel it.
"That was amazing.  I've never felt anything like that," I breathlessly released.
He just smiled at me.  "It's not just magic - it's an art.  It can bring you peace and release.  There's no other feeling like it in the world.  You hold the control and you feel grounded."
His distraction was needed, and it did give me a sense of calm.  Nothing could quell my need to be with Tallis, but it was enough to push the heartbreaker away from the forefront of my mind.
"Thank you.  I guess I need to get back in.  I'm sure the house has cooled down by now.  Not to mention, I'm frigging freezing now."
He chuckled lightly.  "Sorry.  I forget how cold it can be during the winters." Then he turned back like he was going to continue blazing.
I stopped walking and faced his back before speaking again.  "Are you going to stay out here all night?"
He turned back to me to respond.  His eyes pulsed, and I felt something happen.  I felt as though there was a furnace suddenly inside me, warming me from the inside out.  It felt confusing, but it offered such delicious heat.
"That should make you feel a bit warmer out here.  Should you want to stay a little longer.  I'll just be another hour or so."
I looked at him, my curiosity piqued to the nth degree.  "Did you just use your power to warm me up?"
He gave me a cocky smirk as he nodded.  Then he winked at me and turned back to continue blazing.
I was fascinated with his skill, so I decided to watch.  His movements and his power were so magnificent together, a mesmerizing force that left me enthralled.  I tried to deny my heavy lids the ability to shut, but they kept winning the battle.  I sat in the small chair, fighting sleep, determined to watch, but it was pointless.  In the end, the locking grip of sleep prevailed.

I woke up the next morning to the perfect temperature for a house.  I looked around to see I was in my room.  I was sort of embarrassed about falling asleep while watching Jared.  I supposed he had put me in my bed.
I got ready and went downstairs.  I could smell breakfast cooking.  When I reached the bottom of the steps, I found Gear and Olivia.
"Good morning.  Did you sleep well?"
I blushed slightly at Gear's question, which made him raise his brow in suspicion.
My mind flashed back to the intense moment I had unexpectedly shared with Jared.  "Yeah, but I had to adjust the thermostat early this morning."
Then I heard Jay start to laugh as he joined us in the kitchen.  "Sorry, Aria.  I think I may have bumped it last night on my way out."
I tried not to think of my late-night rendezvous with Jared as I fibbed slightly.  "No big deal.  I just fixed it and went back to bed."  Then I remembered something.  "Hey, Jay.  What're you doing tonight?"
Jay raised one eyebrow at me.  "Nothing that I know of.  Why do you ask?"
I sighed in exasperation.  "There's this stupid party I have to go to.  Mom wants me to engage in every social activity I'm invited to.  I really don't want to go alone, and I haven't exactly made any friends yet."
He frowned at me.  "What about Taryn or McKee?"
I rolled my eyes.  "Taryn has a thing to do out of town, and given the bizarre behavior of McKee, I'd rather not ask him.  I think that would only complicate things more."
"Selesha?" he asked, swallowing hard after straining out her name.
Jay hadn't spoken about Selesha much since he met Ayla, and Selesha had gone off to lick her wounds in solitude.  She'd asked Olivia not to say anything, but Olivia let it slip to me.
"Busy," I mumbled, stealing a quick glance at Olivia.
She was frowning now.  Selesha was one of her best friends, and Jay was completely in love with Ayla.  Olivia felt disloyal, but she knew Jay couldn't deny his soul mate, nor did he want to.
Apparently Selesha and Jay were linked.  The same thing Tallis thought was going on between us.  The moment he found his other half, his feelings for Selesha vanished.  I couldn't imagine the heartbreak she was facing, because, despite their denials, they were both captivated by the other.
Jay shook his head after a beat.  "I can't go.  I'd have to take Ayla, because I can't leave her for too long yet, and I'm an electric.  If anyone was to say anything about her that made me mad, every light bulb in the house would blow.  It'd be fortunate if no one got electrocuted."
It was very frustrating how close two soul mates had to stay after the initial acceptance of the connection.  I did, however, understand his point.  So then I turned my attention to Gear.  "How about you?"
He frowned.  "I would, Aria, but I have to go check out some leads tonight.  Everett is guarding you tonight.  Why don't you just go with him?"
I rolled my eyes.  "I don't think he likes me very much.  I'll just ask Ash.  Maybe she can go with me."
"She has to meet up with some other blazers for training tonight.  And before you think about Aster, she and Chris have plans as well.  You may have to go solo tonight," Jay said, shrugging.
I sighed in aggravation.  "I'd rather not.  I  can only imagine the things that would be said if I showed up alone after all the guy drama I've had at school.  I already get tired of hearing what the hyenas have to say when I have somebody with me, let alone when I'm by myself."
Jay scowled, his face reddened, and I heard at least two light bulbs shatter in the chandelier that was growing tired of its stress.
"I changed my mind," he said through gritted teeth, a few more bulbs bursting to add drama.  "I'll go and take care of them.  Then you won't have to worry about them anymore."
I rolled my eyes again and handed him the broom, agitated by the fact I was finding normalcy in the chaos.
"No.  That won't be necessary.  I'll just find someone else... Maybe."
"I'll take her," a new voice interjected.  "I don't have anything else to do tonight.  I'll make sure no one has anything wise to say either.  I've got enough swagger for a social function."
Jared's Irish accent was a little richer than it had been the day before, making him a bit too swoon-worthy.  I guessed he normally dialed it down.
I turned to face him, feeling a little exposed.  It was embarrassing for people to know I was a big pathetic target for the Twisted Barbie Club.
"You don't have to do that.  I'm sure a high school party isn't exactly what you'd planned on doing while you're here."
He leaned up against the wall and smiled at me, warming me with his charming grin.  "I think I can handle a high school party just fine.  Besides, I'm getting bored.  I've always been a sucker for a damsel in distress."
Just what I needed.  Someone else's pity.
Gear grumbled a little.  "You know the rules, Jared."
Jared just laughed.  "You have got to lighten up.  I know the rules.  I'm just helping the girl out.  She really shouldn't have to go alone.  Mortals girls are vicious, you know."
Gear smiled at him and let out a bit of a laugh.  "Fine."
Then Jared winked at me.  "I'll pick you up around seven?"
I laughed slightly at his obvious joke, considering he was staying on the floor just below me.  "Sounds good."
Chapter 15

Mean girls

Whoever said 'these are the best years of your life' must have been popular.  It's not that way for everyone.

I walked down the stairs in a tight pair of jeans that tucked into my boots which came up to my knees.  I had on a white shirt that fell off one shoulder just slightly.
I put my coat on and started looking around for Jared.  But I heard him before I saw him.
"High school dress code is a lot different than what it was when I was in high school."  His eyes caught mine while he rapidly descended the staircase.  Then he continued.  "I might've shown up to class a bit more if all the girls had looked like that."
He winked at me before giving me his best that's-right-I'm-cute-and-you-know-it grin.
I tried hide my blushing cheeks by turning away before speaking.  "Thanks for going with me.  I apologize in advance for anything that might be said.  Some of these people are jerks."
Jared's hand moved to the small of my back as he held the door open for me.  "Why don't you just tell your mom what's going on? I'm sure she'd let you skip these sorts of events if you did."
I shook my head.  "You don't know my mom very well.  I can hear her now.  'Making friends is never easy.  Arisianna, dear, you have to kill them with kindness.  Things are never easy in life, so you need to learn the best way to fight your own battles now.'  The list of wiser-than-thou quotes goes on and on."
He laughed slightly at my impersonation before he spoke.  "She doesn't realize mean girls have risen to a whole new level these days, huh?"
I just sighed.  It felt odd talking about girl politics with an immortal who probably had far worse things to deal with.  I felt childish, but I couldn't help it.  Despite the fact I was a little mature for my age, I was indeed still seventeen.  I deserved to act like it on occasion.
"No.  And I don't want to tell her either.  Everyone has enough to worry about.  I can deal with a few nasty comments if everyone else can deal with keeping the world safe."
Fine.  Maybe it was harder to be a selfish teen than I thought.  I felt petty for letting Elaina and her bitch patrol get under my skin.
He laughed a little harder, possibly poking fun of my miniscule problems.  "How very noble of you."  Then he opened the door to his jeep.  He saw me eyeing it skeptically.
"I put your crest in it.  Everett will be following us as well.   You're safe."
Oddly enough, I did feel safe with him.  I barely knew him, but I felt protected.  I'd seen him use his fire recreationally, and I could only imagine how much of a threat it would be if the need arose.
I climbed in the jeep and he shut the door for me.  As soon as he opened the door on his side, I asked him a question that was bugging me.
"How old are you?  Or... how old were you when you transformed?"
"Transformed?" he asked, grinning.
I flushed.  "Whatever it's called," I grumbled.
He chuckled lightly to himself.
"Nineteen.  I was one of the youngest ever to transform, until your friend Tallis came along."
I winced noticeably at the mention of Tallis's name, but I tried to recover before he noticed.
"So, you didn't have too many years to explore the mortal side of life?"
He laughed a little.  "Judging by the way you're dreading this party - an event that is supposed to be fun - it doesn't seem as though I missed out on too much."
I rolled my eyes.  "I'm sure your high school years were just fine.  All a guy has to do is look good and sound cool.  Its not as easy for the girls."
I heard him snickering before he responded.  "Is that your way of telling me that you find me attractive?"
I could feel my face suddenly beaming red again, and I started stammering in an effort to recover from my blabbering fiasco.
"That's not I was just saying Oh forget it.  I think you know what you look like."
I slumped lower in my seat as his laughter roared free.  How did my foot get that wedged in my mouth?
"Yes, I do know what I look like.  I just wasn't sure if you'd noticed.  I'm looking forward to this party a little more now that I know you have.  We might break a few of Gear's rules."
He winked at me and such an adorably cocky grin perked up.  I just shook my head before lowering it in embarrassment.
We pulled up to the house shortly after, much to my relief.  I wasn't even sure whose house it was.  All I knew was the address and the time to be there.  Maybe I'd get lucky and Elaina wouldn't even be there.
There were people everywhere, which meant Miss Socialite Alpha Hyena was probably somewhere within the mix.  My nerves balled up.  I really didn't want to do this.
Most of the people looked like strangers.  Were we at the wrong place?  That would be perfect.
Jared hopped out and walked around to my side to open the door.
"Well, it's now or never."  Then he held out his hand to take mine.
I took a deep breath as I got out.  I saw two of the girls that usually followed Elaina around, making this all too real.  My stomach started twisting up with knots.  I had already been embarrassed in front of Tallis numerous times, and it would be nice if Jared didn't have to witness the same events he had.
Jared studied me, seeming to notice my tense... everything.  "Aria, we can leave.  I can tell your mom we were here.  I'll just leave out the details about how long we stayed.  If she prods for more information, I'll turn on the charm and lead her to think we stayed longer.  I can be rather convincing."
I was instantly very fond of that idea. "Let's hang out for a minute so I can tell her I was here and then we can bail.  I'm not as good at lying as you claim to be."
He chuckled a little.  "Alright.  Sounds like a plan."
We walked up to the enormous house and went in, narrowly avoiding the two hyenas.  I breathed out in relief when I saw them veer right instead of following us.  There were kids my age everywhere.  We could hear splashing out back as if there was a pool.  We were almost back there when I saw Elaina.
Bile rose to my throat when I saw the malice glaring from her eyes.  She looked away from me long enough to appraise Jared, and then the frosty stare was back.
"Well, well, well.  She did show up," Elaina snarked, her lips curled up in a wry grin.
Her hyenas laughed, acting like the sheep they were.  She crossed her arms and shifted her weight to one hip.   Then she continued.  "And she brought yet another new boy toy."
Jared put his arm around me protectively, seeming bored with Elaina and her mignons.  When my knees grew shaky, rattled with stress and nerves, I leaned against him for support.
"He's hot," one of her giggly, drunken mignons blurted out.
Jared just rolled his eyes as he pulled me away from the girls.  Elaina wasn't the type to let someone walk away though, so she took another stab at me.
"I guess he's in a hurry to get what she gives out so freely."  Then she and her hyenas cackled in unison.  Several of the drunken partiers joined in, some of them laughing without even knowing why.
I bet if my mother knew there was a bunch of underage drinkers here I'd never have to go to another social function again.  Of course, she'd also call every parent of everyone she knew was involved.  That certainly wouldn't help my status at school.
Jared turned around with a dangerous smirk playing on his lips.  "No, I'm just too old to hang out with trash.  I'm used to being around a more attractive crowd.  Quite frankly, your thunder thighs are a total buzz kill.  Gonzo's nose over there isn't doing anything for me either."  He pointed at one of the girls standing beside Elaina.  She grabbed her nose quickly and her face blushed with humiliation.
I stifled a laugh, even though his insults were absolutely terrible.  He really needed to brush up on current cut-downs.  Too old to hang out with trash?  Gonzo?  Thunder thighs?  Sheesh.  He sounds like my grandfather insulting someone.  Ew.
Elaina snarled at him, suddenly looking rabid.  She was about to say something else when he turned back around.  There was an oversized, pretentious portrait of her and her family on the wall.  If I had known that this was her house, I would have never come.
Before I even knew what was going on, the portrait was on fire, blazing uncontrollably.  There was no smell of smoke though.
My mouth hung unhinged as I stared in shock.  A few gasps rang out as others took notice, but Elaina's back was to it.  She had no clue.
Jared smiled menacingly, popping candy in his mouth so casually as he brought it to her attention.  "I don't suppose you have a fire extinguisher, do you?"
The burning smell finally crept around as the smoke seemed to double, but she still didn't notice.
Elaina looked confused as she replied.  "No Why?"
He smiled as he continued popping the candy in his mouth.  "Because you're going to need a damn good one to put that out.  It's a scorcher."  He pointed at the picture behind her.
Elaina whipped around to see her oversized, obnoxious family portrait blazing.  The walls were scorching and the floor was starting to singe, much to my twisted delight.  She and her hyenas were panicking and some of the other party members started laughing at their frantic attempts to put it out.
I elbowed Jared slightly in the waist and whispered to him.  "Put it out before you burn the whole house down.  You proved your point."
He just laughed as he flicked his wrist.  The fire was extinguished as quickly as it had started, but the scorched remnants and smoky haze remained.  The portrait was destroyed.
"My parents are going to kill me," Elaina wailed, tears filling up in her eyes.
Then Jared smarted off before we walked away.  "Personally, I'd say the place looks a lot better now."
He pulled me away from the party quickly before anyone else could say anything to hurt my feelings.  I felt like a spineless wimp once again - a pathetic cause for rescue.
We got back out to the car and he held the door open for me, grinning smugly as he ushered me in.
Everett came running up, sounding panicked.  "Jared, was that you?"  Jared nodded.  Then Everett continued, relief covering his face.  "Thank God.  I was worried there was a blazer here other than you."  Then realization settled in and he tilted his head, bemused.  "Why did you blaze up the house?"
Jared kind of laughed lightly.  "They were giving Aria a hard time.  I thought I would distract them a little and wreak a little havoc on their perfect little lives.  Mission accomplished."
Everett just nodded.  "I can follow you if you're leaving."
Jared looked at me and winked, and then he turned back to Everett.  "Yeah we're leaving, but where I'm taking her is completely safe."
Where was he planning to take me?
Everett was about to walk away when Jared called back to him.  "Don't tell any of her family she left early.  Her mom would be upset.  And please, don't tell Iris that I torched the place."
Everett dropped a grin, shocking me more than Jared's pyrotechnics.  I didn't know Everett even knew how to smile.
"Understood.  No problem."  Then he jogged back toward the party.
I rolled my eyes.  "Why is he nice to you and not me?  You might need to see if he hurt something after smiling for the first time ever."
"I've saved his life once or twice, so he tends to fancy me a bit.  He isn't as bad as he seems.  I promise," he said, sounding playfully haughty.
I shrugged.  "I'll take your word for it."
He shut my door and quickly joined me in the jeep.  "I think you'll like the place I'm taking you a little better than you liked this place."
I huffed.  "It's not another party, is it?"
He laughed somewhat.  "No, it's a little dead where we're going."
He placed heavy emphasis on the word "dead," which raised a few questions, but I just let it go.  I was just grateful to be getting out of there.
I cocked my head to the side.  "I thought a bodyguard had to cover my scent.  Where are we going?"
He just smiled.  "Trust me.  I think you'll appreciate it.  It's not too far, and it is heavily crested."

We drove to a place that was just a little ways down the road from the party.  Jared hopped out of the jeep and flashed to my side to open my door for me.  I hesitated slightly before putting my hand in his.
He noted my hesitation and spoke with reassurance.  "Don't worry.  Like I said, these grounds are very crested.  You'll be perfectly safe here."
I looked around at all the old statues.  Everything glistened under the moonlight.  Most every statue had a fighting stance, anger in their eyes, and a feel that demanded respect.
There was only one that seemed to be at peace.  It was a woman with one hand across her heart and one hand stretched out with the palm facing up.  I wasn't sure where we were exactly or what all these idols stood for.
Jared walked up and leaned against the tree beside the statue of the woman that kept calling for my attention.  "It figures you'd head straight to this one."
I raised an eyebrow at him curiously.  "Why do you say that?"
He put his hands in his pockets as his eyes held mine.
"This is the statue of Isis.  She was known for her compassion and mercy.  So when they built the statue of her, they tried to incorporate that.  It was why she was such a good leader for us.  Despite her unimaginable depth of power, she was very modest and controlled.  She never used force unless absolutely necessary.  She believed in defending her family and herself, but she never set out to start a fight if it could be avoided."
I took a step toward him, letting my eyes fall back to the tranquil statue for a moment, analyzing her with a different gaze.  Then I turned back to him.
"Isn't that the way all the good guys are?"
He laughed slightly as he closed some of the distance between us.  "No.  Your grandmother is though.  Dramus's followers have made a lot of us want revenge.  I personally would love to see their ashes spread every chance I get."
He started sitting down, and I felt warmth flowing to me despite the frigid air and snow all around.  Before he got to the ground, all the snow around him melted and a beautiful green grass was revealed.  Not only was the snow gone, the ground was also dry now.
Okay... That was a little impressive.
Then he patted the ground next to him for me to sit down.
I did as he beckoned and sat down beside him.  "Why do you seek revenge?  What  did they do?"
He grimaced slightly upon hearing my question, making me feel guilty for asking.  I was all too eager for knowledge.  I sometimes forgot many of them had buried scars they didn't want to dredge up.  I should have learned to tread lightly over someone's past after being with Tallis.
Tallis.  Just the thought of him made tears swell in my eyes.  But I didn't want Jared or anyone else to know how much pain I was in.  They'd all lecture me about links.  I couldn't stand the hushed whispers of worry and dread as it was.  One major breakdown and they'd call in a magical shrink.
I missed him though.  I physically ached to be with him.  Having Jared take my mind off things for a night was nice, but the hole in my heart was too vast for a small Band-Aid to cover.  I didn't need closure.  I needed him back.  It was agonizing to not have anyone understand.
As a nervous habit, I started messing with my fingernails, wishing I could take my suspended question back.  After a few moments of awkward, extended silence, he finally answered me, much to my surprise.
"Well, for starters, they destroyed most of my first coven," he said softly, his eyes focused on the ground.
I gasped, but I quickly covered my mouth.  I wasn't expecting that.  I waited patiently to see if he'd elaborate, and after a few more passing minutes of silence, he did.
"We were on a scouting mission.  My sister had just come back from the guardianship.  We'd told her of who she was to become, and we were trying to keep her protected.  We were also keeping an eye on the surrounding area for any unwanted trespassers.  We did a poor job of spotting anything out of the ordinary that day.
"We were ambushed.  My sister had gone to town with my mother and a few bodyguards.  They awaited her arrival in front of the gates of our home.  We fought the ambush, trying our best to get back to my home before they could get to my sister, but they killed my father right in front of me.  They forced me to watch as they held me down and showed him no mercy.
"I don't know what happened, but something inside of me snapped, forcing me to lose control, and suddenly, my magic surged in a way that has never happened since.  I sent a blue blaze from my hands and destroyed ten of their best fighters in a matter of seconds."
I heard the unmistakable pain in his voice as he told the story.  As an instinct, I started to reach for him, to comfort him, but I withdrew before I ever made it too close.  I tucked my hands in closer to my body, unsure of what to say or do.
I decided to shift the topic in a different, lighter direction.  "What's a blue blaze?"
He moved in closer, almost too close.  He had one arm just centimeters from my back as it propped him up.  His other hand lay across his lap.
"It's ancient magic.  Most haven't seen it since the age of Isis.  I don't know how I was able to do it, and like I said, I've never been able to do it since.  It's the strongest blaze there could ever possibly be.  It burns a thousand times hotter than the average blazer's fire.  It was the strongest and most powerful I've ever felt in my life.  Believe me, I wish I knew how I did it.  I've tried recreating it a thousand times at least with no luck."
I reached over and grabbed his hand that was laying in his lap, finally succumbing to my desire to comfort.  I wasn't sure if I should say anything else about it, but at the same time, I didn't want him to think I didn't care.
"What happened to your sister?"
He stared at my hand that was holding his and he rubbed my fingertips with his thumb, casually caressing them as he became lost in thought - lost in his memories.
"After I went super blaze, the other essence thieves ran away.  We raced back to the house.  They were in the process of draining her essence when I killed the one doing it.  The others took out the dark ring left at the house.  My mother died trying to protect my sister.  My sister lived though, and now she's a very powerful electric."
He stood to his feet abruptly, startling me a little, and then helped me up.  He walked me over to two statues - a man and a woman in a fighting stance.
The man was a blazer who looked to have fire radiating from his hands.  The woman was a flooder with water circling above her head.  He spoke very softly as he stared intensely at the two statutes.
"This is my mother and my father.  Any follower of the light who is killed and can't be buried has a statue built here.  It's a way to remember their sacrifice and a way to be close to them.  I often come here when I need guidance.  It's the only way I can be close to my parents.  Oddly enough, I even find myself asking them questions or telling them how well we're doing.  I want them to know their sacrifices weren't in vain.  I want them to know my sister and I are alive everyday because of them and what they gave up."
I put my hand on his shoulder, aiming for comfort again.  "I'm really sorry.  I can't imagine what you've gone through."
It sounded so clich to say such a thing, but it was all I had handy.  I wasn't expecting this heavy conversation to come raining down.  He was so amazingly honest.  It was refreshing.
He smiled down at me.  "The Corpus family took us in after my parents' deaths.  Iris was going to invite my sister and me to join her coven, but the Corpus family needed us more.  They had a couple of blinders and a few weaker blazers.  I knew we would have better protection with your grandmother, but I felt like my family would have wanted me to go somewhere where I was needed more.  The heads of the families asked me to be a part of the militia later on, and the rest is history.  Although now, I almost wish I had chosen Iris's coven.  I would've gotten to spend a lot more time with you."
I could feel the red burning on my cheeks while I dropped my hand from his shoulder.  "Ha, ha, ha.  I can assure you I'm nothing fantastic."
He squinted his eyes at me and smirked slightly as he spoke with fiery intensity.  "On the contrary, Aria, you're fascinating.  You're so different from anyone I've ever known.  You shouldn't be so hard on yourself."
Now I knew he could most certainly see me blushing.  I pushed him slightly in a playful manner.  You're smooth.  Definitely smooth."
He laughed.  "You haven't even seen my A game yet."
I shook my head, accidentally giggling.  Then he grabbed a hold of my waist and pulled me toward him.  "I'm serious though.  You're so different from everyone I've ever known.  I've never felt so... compelled to be around someone the way I am you.  I don't know how to even explain what I'm feeling.  I don't know how to explain how truly mesmerizing I've found you since the moment I met you.  It's certainly new to me.  And I don't mind feeling this way either."
No.  No.  I couldn't do this.  I loved Tallis.  He was an insensitive jerk who didn't answer my calls or even bother to send a message, but I loved him.  He didn't love me and we'd never be together, according to him, but I couldn't just give up.  I knew he was meant to be with me.
I knew Jared was being serious, but I was trying to lighten the mood as I awkwardly joked, "Well, I can see you're starting to bring out your A game now."
I started to wriggle out of his grip as I chuckled nervously, but he didn't back away, nor did he laugh.
He put a hand against the side of my face and caressed my cheek, letting his heated touch stroke me all the way through my skin.  He started coming in closer, and all I could think about was Tallis, how it felt like a betrayal.
It took all my strength not to wail out, sob until I choked on my emotion, but I refrained.  I even managed to hold back the sniffle that almost escaped.
I didn't want Jared to be my first kiss.  I wanted my first kiss to be with Tallis, but at the same time, I did feel some freaky connection with Jared.  Was I just vulnerable?  Or was I simply pathetic?
In all actuality, Tallis didn't want me.  Jared did.  Why couldn't I move past the one who ripped my heart out?
My head was riddled with confusion and worry.  I knew it would only hurt him, but I couldn't in good conscience kiss him, even if it would spare him.  I couldn't lead him on when I knew I was in love with Tallis.
Still, it would be so much easier to be with Jared.  He wasn't fighting his feelings for me.  Life apparently didn't wish to be easy.
Knots tightened in my stomach.  I dreaded to end our intimate moment that had only just started.  I worried he wouldn't understand.
"Jared... I can't do this."  I put my hand on his chest and started pushing him away gently.  "I'm so sorry."
I wanted to say more.  I wanted to explain things better.  I didn't want to hurt him, but it was just so hard to find the words, especially when I was strangling on my unshed tears.  All the pain I had been ignoring was starting to crash down on me, begging me to let it flow out.  I could do it though.
I was angry, hurt, and tortured, left to fall to pieces, but I hadn't really allowed myself to do such a thing.  It was trying to catch up with me, but not here.  Not now.  I couldn't let it.
He backed away slowly with a look that let me know I had just ripped his heart out.  It seemed like all I had done lately was hurt people.  I had hurt McKee, confused Tallis, and now I was hurting Jared.  I was such a mess, and I was dragging everyone down with me.  Toxic.  That's what I was.
I could hear the pain from my abrupt rejection in his voice when he quietly said, "I'll call  Everett and tell him we're about to leave.  Then I'll take you home."
He walked away from me quickly and pulled his phone out of his pocket.
"Jared, I am sorry.  I didn't mean to Please forgive me."
He ignored me, continued on as if I hadn't said anything at all.  A lone tear trickled down my cheek, and I wiped it away.  I barely knew Jared, but he was acting as though I had just destroyed him.  Had he linked to me, too?  I hated this new life and all of its screwed up rules and consequences.

Everett was there within minutes.  He walked up to where I was sitting, though I barely acknowledged his approach.  The tears had finally started falling in a pattern.  Hot and heavy drops flowed down my cheeks with no regard for my dignity.
"I just spoke to Jared, and he asked me to take you home.  He said he had to go meet up with some of the militia," Everett said, sounding as gruff as usual.
I fought back the urge to roll my eyes as I wiped away my tears.  "Of course he did."
I stood up in an aggravated manner and watched as Jared squealed out of the drive.  I was so sick of all the drama.
We rode in silence for a while, an awkward, uncomfortable silence.  Everett was the one to finally slice through the barrier of quiet.
"Are you okay?  Jared didn't go into too much detail."
I huffed slightly.  The last thing I felt like doing was confiding in Everett of all people.
"I created more drama, yet again.  Shocking, I know.  I think I'm broken or something.  I don't know how this keeps happening."
So much for not confiding in him.
Even in the dark car, I could see the confusion that riddled his face.  "What keeps happening?"
I destroy everything I touch.
"Somehow I led him on, and I shouldn't have.  I think I hurt him worse than I did McKee."  He slightly nodded, seeming indifferent to my screwed up confession.  Then I rolled my eyes again.  "You must think I'm terrible."
He shook his head, stoic in expression.  "Not at all.  You're just human... for now.  It's much, much too easy to link to you.  Things get messy when you're still mortal and aware of the immortal world.  Especially with you."
My neck tried to snap when I whipped around to face him, suspicion oozing from my eyes.  "Why do you say it like that?  Especially with me?"
He shrugged, still seeming as expressionless.  "Your essence is too strong.  It's much stronger than it should be, and much stronger than what most of us are accustomed to dealing with.  It draws them in like bears to honey.  That's one of the reasons I've made a very strong attempt to distance myself.  You'll get the hang of things.  I promise."
"Do you think Jared linked to me?" I ask, my voice meek.
He lets out a scattered, hesitant breath, refusing to even glance my way.  He already confirmed my fear just with the amount of time it took him to gather an answer, trying his best to cushion the burden.
"I know he did," he said at last, not bothering to dress it up the way I thought he would, leaving it as raw and terrible as I knew it was.  "He linked faster than usual, meaning you're stronger than I thought."
"I still don't understand links," I grumbled, gripping my head.
"They're complicated.  Links start when you're mortal, but the end varies.  Sometimes the links are severed when you turn immortal, sometimes a great deal of time and distance can break a link, and sometimes it's not broken until one of you find your soul mate.  It depends on the individual and the power they come from."
My hair tangled in my hands as I gripped it.  Considering where I came from, that meant McKee and Jared would both be stuck on me until I turned immortal and proved to the whole freaking world Tallis was my soul mate.  My siblings were all in their twenties when they turned.  I was sure I would be, too.  That was a long time to wait.
"Aria, you can't dwell on it.  We all know how easy it is to fall into.  If it happens, we deal with it.  It's not like it's you're the first one to go through this.  Jared's a big boy.  He left because he knew he needed to distance himself before he got... crazier."
I almost laughed, but it was one of pure exhaustion and misery.  He smiled, offering me silent encouragement with his softer than usual eyes.  It was the first time he had ever been nice to me.  Though it was a strained attempt, I smiled at him as we pulled down the drive to Iris's house.
"Thanks for the ride," I said through a sigh while climbing out of the car.
He smiled back, rolling down the passenger side window as I shut the door.
"No problem.  I'll see you tomorrow."
He backed up and pulled back out of the driveway. Gear was waiting outside with a quizzical look.
"Where's Jared?" he asked, raising his arms in confusion.
I could hear the irritation return to my tone with just the mention of his name.  "He said he had to go meet up with some of the militia.  I'm sure it'll be a while before we see him again."
Gear tilted his head to the side, still perplexed.  "That's odd.  They aren't supposed to meet for another couple of days.  The next mission they're going on is going to be very dangerous.  They were supposed to rest their magic and their minds."
I could feel the guilt knocking around inside of me, almost stealing my breath.  Now I was worried I had just endangered him.
I should've just kissed him and been done with it.  Now he was out there without a guard, and his head was anything but clear.  I was nothing but trouble.  All I had been since I had gotten there was trouble.  All I was doing was hurting everyone and causing problems.
I almost snapped at Gear when I spoke.  "I guess he decided to bump up the date.  Why don't just you ask him and leave me alone?"
Gear looked shocked as I barged by him on my way inside.
"Aria, is there something you're not telling me?  Did something happen?"
"The same thing that always happens just happened.  I made yet another mess.  I need to be locked in a padded room right now.  I'm done trying," I mumbled, keeping my back turned.
I ran to my room, stumbling and whimpering the whole way.  I lay on my bed, crying for at least thirty minutes.  All I could think about was how much I loved Tallis.  I couldn't believe how broken I was.  It all came out in a vengeful rush.  My tears were furious for having been held back for so long, so they ravaged my cheeks mercilessly, refusing to creep back into hiding or be subdued any longer.
I clutched his picture against my chest, weeping into the pillow beneath my head.
Then I worried about how Jared might possibly being in danger... because of me.  I was so tired of all the messiness.
In my old home, the most complicated thing I had to worry about was my schoolwork.  The most drama I'd ever dealt with was arguing about having to leave my home.  This was all too much to take on at once.  It was all too different from what I was used to, and I was doing a horrible job adjusting.  I needed a break from it all.  I needed somewhere that would provide me with an escape.  I needed to recharge and start all over.
I got up and walked into the upstairs library and turned on the computer.  I pulled up the tickets I had bought earlier in the year.  I reserved the first flight to Brazil and changed my name to Ashiara Weislen.
I snuck downstairs, weaving through the people who never seemed to go home, and found Ash's purse.  I carried it into the bathroom and took out her license and passport.  Then I put it back just like I had found it - minus the few borrowed items.
I glanced toward the unlocked cupboard - the place where Iris kept all her goodies.  I had heard her speak of a stripping potion.  I needed it.  It took a minute to find it without anyone noticing what I was doing, but I finally succeeded.
I went back to my room and changed my clothes.  I had three and a half hours before my flight.  It was midnight, and I hadn't slept at all, but it was a long flight, so I could sleep the whole way there.
Absentmindedly, I tossed a bunch of clothes in a suitcase and threw it out the window.  I heard a thud as it hit the ground, and I sucked in a steadying breath.  Everyone would be mad, but this was something I needed.  Selfish?  Probably, but I just wanted to breathe again, and I couldn't do it here.
Still questioning my resolve, I went to the window and started climbing down the shaky, weak lattice that stretched the full length of the house.  The vines that grew in between the gaps were wet and made it slippery.  I inched my way down, carefully and cautiously moving before the creaks grew too loud.
Then, when I only had five feet left to go, the slippery vines bested me, forcing me to lose my grip and fall the rest of the way.  My arms whipped wildly and uselessly in the air, as if I could take flight and spare myself the impending slam.  It didn't even slow me down.
My side pounded the ground with too much force.  A grunt was forced through my lips, and a gasping wheeze followed as I strained for a new breath.  After a minute, I was breathing normally again, and the pain dulled.  I scowled at the wicked lattice and vicious vines.
"This night is just freaking wonderful," I griped to myself while heaving my protesting body upright.
I picked up my bags and threw them in my car.  Fortunately, I wasn't blocked in, and I kept my lights off until I reached the end of the driveway.  I was glad my car was so quiet.  And with so many coming and going, they never even noticed the car cranking.
I turned on my lights and headed toward the airport.  This had been the worst week of my life.  I needed comfort and warmth.  I was sick of the snow and the cold.  I was sick of the magic.  I was sick of the lies I had believed to be truths, and all of the rules disguised to seem arbitrary, when they actually held such severe consequences.
I was tired of learning about all the ways magic could ruin my life before I could even use it.  I was exhausted from constantly being confused and feeling like I had just moved to another planet.  I couldn't rest or relax anywhere there.
I was tired of being hunted down by the Dramians... Yes.  I called them Dramians.  It wasn't comforting to feel like a trophy someone wished to hang above a mantle.
I wanted to go to the one place that made sense.  I wanted to go home.
I knew everyone would be worried, but I was taking precautions.  I had grabbed some of the talismans that helped to block my scent for the times I wasn't in my car.  I also grabbed the vial of stripping potion.
Iris told me once that it was a special concoction that would strip you of your scent for up to four days.  I would wait until I got to the airport before I took it.
She said it couldn't be made anymore because the main ingredient was extinct.  It was for emergency purposes only.  I felt bad for taking it, but I had to go.  As far as I was concerned, this was an emergency.
I'd left a note telling them where I'd gone, and told them I would be back before the four days were up.  I knew they'd still be worried, but I had to go.  I needed to feel peace again.  And I couldn't get that anywhere but my rainforest.

I reached the airport with two hours to spare.  I turned up the protective concoction and cringed as I drank it down - or forced it down, rather.
"Oh my damn!" I coughed out.  "That's disgusting."
It was a slimy, wretched, foul tasting monstrosity, and it lingered, refusing to leave my mouth completely.  The slimy film covered my tongue, my teeth, and my gums.  I wanted a toothbrush.
"It sure as hell better work after going through that," I murmured to myself while grabbing my bag.  I locked my car and headed inside the airport, ready to escape.
Chapter 16

Home to Haluali

Sometimes you spend your whole life looking back, and then you stop moving forward until it is too late.

"Now boarding flight 151 to Brazil."
The loudspeaker snapped me out of the catnap I had been taking.  I got up and wheeled my small bag over to the stand to hand in my ticket.  The lady warily examined my stolen identification and my ticket, skeptically glancing from the photo to me.
I knew Ash and I favored, but we didn't look a lot a like.  I was only seventeen though.  I would have needed parental consent.  I'm sure Jaslene wouldn't have agreed to that.  Alvin either.
She handed me back my things, still regarding me skeptically, but a whoosh of air left my lungs when she motioned for me to board.
It worked.

The flight was long, but I slept for the majority of it, so I didn't mind it much.  I woke up when I felt the plane landing.  I looked out the window to see the sun was just peeking out.  I didn't have long to be there, but I was going to soak up every bit of warmth I could.
I was going to take in every radiant color I could see.  Most importantly, I was going to breathe in the freshness of my rainforest and let it calm me.
I paid a cheesy local tour guide to drive me to my favorite spot.  Then I paid him more to drive faster, feeling rushed to start enjoying the few days I had.
I planned to go to the village after I visited my hideaway.
I almost giggled nervously when we neared.  "Stop," I said, deciding that was close enough.
As soon as the car stopped, I got out of the jeep and tossed my bag on the side of the trail.  I pulled out my sketch book and started walking down to my favorite spot.  I could hear the falling water getting closer.
I sat down on my sitting rock that had gathered more moss in my absence.  I stared up at my peaceful giants, all of them looking different.  I appraised them, regarding them with more appreciation than I had before.
The waterfall glistened with reflective specks from the radiance of the sunlight.  It seemed excited to have me back, and I smiled a true and genuine smile, though it was brief.  My pain hadn't left me the way I had hoped.
I started sketching, trying not to think.  Unfortunately, I was thousands of miles away from Tallis, and still, his face was all I could draw.  I studied as I shaded in each line.  My drawings never gave his beauty true justice.
I shook my head.  Heartbreak wasn't easy at all.  A harsh breath entered my lungs as an unwelcome realization came to light.  Haluali was no longer my home.  It wasn't the cozy hut I had grown up in.  It wasn't the forest I had marveled at for so long.  It wasn't my serene hideaway I had come to for peace.  It wasn't even anything at all in South America.  I thought I had left Grayford to run home.  I abruptly assessed I actually ran away from home.  Tallis.  Tallis was now my home.  My broken, screwed up home.
I started shouting at the treetops as the excruciating pain in my voice echoed through the forest.  "I think they're all idiots!  They're all wrong!  I know I love him.  I know he's the only person in the world for me!  Why can't that just be okay?  I hate magic and all of its stupid plans and stupid rules!  It's not fair!  It's not fair!  It's.  Not.  Fair.  Dammit!"
Tears ran from my eyes in such a relentless flow that they rivaled the gushing waterfall behind me.  I was weak and wounded.  I thought being here would make things easier, but it didn't.  I was still in pain - too much pain.
The one place I thought I would be able to escape wasn't strong enough to take my mind off the pain.  It only made it worse.  Now I was so far away from him that it was torturous to even think about him at all.  Considering he was all I could think about, the pain was verging on the boundary of unbearable.
The sun was lower.  I must have been there for at least six hours.  I continued to scream at the forest, making my voice feel strained and rasp.
"Why do this to me?" I asked through a sobbing hiccup.
I tried to compose myself, but it was pointless.  The pain refused to dull.  I was crying harder, and my words were muffled by the stabbing waves of piercing heartbreak that paraded itself in my tone.
"Why can't he just see how much I really do love him?  Why can't he believe it's real?  Why can't he believe I am his one?"
My once smooth fingertips felt like sandpaper as they brushed the cheeks that had been left ravaged and raw from the ruthless, never-ending flow of scalding tears.
Still sobbing, I dropped back down to the rock, and my sketch book fell from my lifeless hands to the ground.  I wept for a few minutes longer as I thought back to the first time I saw Tallis.  The way his touch burned through to my soul with such captivating power.  The way his lips felt so soft against the bits of my skin he had touched with him.  The first night he slept in the bed with me, and how safe and peaceful I felt just being with him.  The first time we almost kissed, when our bodies were radiating such magnificent heat.  How intensely surreal it was the night when our lips had just brushed, before Taryn interrupted.
I lay on the ground, crying, looking up at the streaks of sunlight escaping through the leaves of my once serene giants.  Even they looked smaller and sadder now.  Nothing was as it should have been.  There was no peace and no escape from my insufferable misery.
Chapter 17

The Foul Smell of Danger

When there's a voice in your head telling you something bad is going to happen, listen to it.

I stopped thinking, suddenly feeling danger.  A chill ran up my spine, making every hair stand on end.  I felt the unwelcome eyes of someone watching me.  I smelled something putrid invasively stifling out all other smells, and I became sick to my stomach.
"Oh no," I gasped, feeling the warning prickles of death consume me.
I knew that smell and the imminent danger that followed it.  I knew what was watching me.  I knew it was there for me and there was no escape.  No one to save me.
"How did you find me?" I screamed into the forest with absolute panic.
There was no sense in trying to run, hide, or call for help.  All I could do was end the game of cat and mouse.
I felt the swishing winds that made the leaves shake.  Then a face came into view - a deceitfully young face.
He smirked, letting his eyes rake over me as he licked his lips.  I grew sicker, and my body was conflicted with hot and cold chills.
"Mmm," he hissed softly.  "I can't smell your essence, little witch, but I can smell the Bradbury blood that runs through your veins.  I can smell the power that surges through your weak, pathetic mortal body."
He licked his lips again with sadistic delight as he inhaled deeply, searching for the scent of my absent essence.  I stood there, shaking, unable to say anything threatening in return.  I tried to speak, but only a squeak crept through my tight lips.  I was going to die a trembling young girl instead dying with any dignity at all.
He circled me from a distance, and I stayed frozen, letting him analyze me.  I wanted to cry, just like I had done every time.  I wasn't made for this.  I wasn't strong enough.  Magic made a mistake in choosing me to join its cause.
"I'm supposed to bring you to Graven, but I may just keep you for myself," he said, smiling wickedly.
He was far more intimidating than the guy I had encountered in the woods of Grayford.  His yellow long nails hung from his hands like twisted vines drooping from the limbs of trees.  His teeth were just as yellow as his nails, and his stench was far more grotesque than I had smelled thus far.  He was so skinny that his bones showed clearly through the pale layer of skin that seemed to barely cover them.
I tried to block out the pungent odor, the chilling sight, and the promise of death.  I had to try something, anything.  I didn't want to die.  I didn't want this monster to have me.
"You'll be slaughtered by my family if you try anything," I murmured in a hoarse whisper, not sounding intimidating or convincing at all.
"I don't think so, little one.  The Bradbury's have been a peaceful coven for a really, really long time; too scared to stir up any trouble without Isis to protect them.  I'm not too worried about any retaliation from them.  They'll just weep over any remains left of you - if there are any to find."
His low hissing tone was mocking me now.  He really did not fear them in the least bit.  I could only imagine the agony my family would have to suffer now because of me.  I was such a fool for doing this to them.
The smell was so atrocious that I fought back the overwhelming urge to vomit... until I couldn't anymore.  I leaned over and heaved forth all the meager possessions of my stomach.  Now I would be dying with even less dignity.
As I wiped my mouth and stood up, my eyes found him again.  An eerie smile spread over his lips, as if he'd enjoyed my body's sudden crude expulsion.
"You're scared, little one.  That's a natural reaction when you're about to die."
I pulled the bottom of my shirt up to wipe my mouth, needing to be fully rid of anything on my face before trying a last ditch effort to sound strong.
"I'm not scared," I lied, sounding steadier and more convincing this time.  
"You just smell disgusting.  Do you quit bathing when you're immortal?"
He snarled at me, somewhat growling.  Then he cracked his neck and his smile returned as the sinister gleam in his eyes deepened.
"I'll take care of that.  I'll just make it to where you never have to breathe again."  He leapt through the air toward me.  Dirt splattered beneath his feet as he impacted it with his monstrous force.  I didn't flinch.  I didn't move.  It wouldn't have done me any good anyway.  I would never be able to stop him.  I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of seeing pure fear in my eyes any longer.
Painful as it was, I calmly accepted my fate and gracefully awaited death.
Suddenly, I saw a flash out of the corner of my left eye.  The flash flew in front of me, and in an instant, the creepy man was flying through the air.
I gasped in pure astonishment as Tallis dusted his hands off in a casual manner.  Then he put himself directly between me and the putrid fiend.
He cut his eyes at the skeletal man he had surprised.  "Well, she does have a point.  Your scent is far more appalling than the usual maggots I encounter."
Without any warning, Tallis turned to me and pushed me hard, knocking me thirty-feet backwards into the water.  The water engulfed me instantly, drenching me as thoroughly as my confusion.  I didn't have time to collect air before I was thrown in, so I was frantically clawing my way back to the surface.
When the air finally reached me, I was gasping and coughing.  Ignoring the burning of the water in my eyes, I stared in disbelief, still trying to wrap my mind around Tallis really being here.  I shrieked loudly as I saw another man appear.  Tallis must have smelled him.  That's why he launched me backwards.
The new monster knocked Tallis into a tree.  A harsh crack made it sound like his back broke, which forced a squeal through my lips.  I clamped my hands over my mouth to keep me from making another sound.
Tallis got up and shook himself off, acting as though he had merely stumbled.  The two men attacked him simultaneously.  The tears gushed from my eyes as I watched helplessly.  I couldn't do anything but witness the brutal double team.  This was my fault.  If he died I would beg for death to take me as well.
They pinned him down and the larger man started to put his hands on him.
There was only one thing I could do.  Distract them.  Draw them to me and save his life.
"You want me!  Take me!" I screamed, praying for a miracle.
The bigger brute quickly took the bait and he started to charge at me, but the skinnier one tripped him up, refusing to share me.  Tallis seized his opportunity and quickly leapt to his feet.  He hit them both with a blast to draw their attention back to him.
They raced him again.  He ducked in the gap between them and they blew past.  Then he ran up, grabbed the new guy's arm, and it exploded into ash.  The scrawny man charged him as the ashy, one-armed man screamed in agony.
The hissing man suddenly shot out energy.  It looked like streaks of lightning.  Before it could hit Tallis, someone had jumped in front of it.  I quickly realized that it was Everett, and my trapped breath finally came out in an exhale.
The lightning bounced off his chest like it had hit a rubber wall.  Then I saw more energy bolts of lightning coming from behind Tallis.  The bolts struck the man in the chest, blasting him backwards about fifty or sixty feet.  Now I could see that the bolts had originated from Jay.  He was dashing toward us, hands out and ready to strike again.
Everett slid in front of the ashy one-armed man when the fiend tried to grab Jay.  Everett fell to his knees, his eyes becoming void of any life.  I paled at the sight.  A drainer.
The ashy man was a drainer, and apparently, invincibles weren't invincible to everything.  I heard Jay yell something and then a giant blast of electrical currents zapped into the ashy man.  He shook ferociously and then collapsed.  He wasn't getting up this time.
Tallis was still facing off with my attacker, as Jay went to Everett.
"I've got it, Jay.  Go help Tallis," Aster said, appearing as suddenly as they all had.
No!  She's pregnant.  She shouldn't be here!  What have I done?
Another man joined the party now.  He was tall, really tall, and outlandishly wide.  The hulking man charged, like a raging bull seeing red, directly at Tallis.  I scrambled back in the water, trying to think of something to do.  Tallis couldn't even see him coming because his back was turned.  He was still throwing shots of explosions at my original attacker.
I screamed and winced when the hulking man was within inches of Tallis.  Then a blaze of fire swept between the man and Tallis.
I sighed in relief when I saw Ash was there.  She pulled a line of fire that seemed to originate from the earth as she taunted the hulking man.  "Let's see what cha' got, big boy."
She walked away from Tallis, drawing the man's attention to her.  He grunted and snarled as he charged again.  She suddenly leapt straight up and disappeared into the air, and a gale wind so strong whizzed in and wrapped the man around a tree.
Gear.  It was his wind.  He was here.
Tallis's fight was interrupted when Gear stole his opponent, using the same wind.  The rushing air pinned the guy against the hulk already trapped against the tree.  My brother was so powerful.
Gear took an authoritative stance, seeming completely fearless as he raised his voice.  "The Bradbury blood runs through our veins as strong as ever and as prepared to fight as ever before.  We're not peaceful because we're scared of you.  You'll be a good example of what happens to anyone with that same nave notion.  When you go after our blood, there is only one fate to suffer."
He looked over at Tallis who seemed to be trying to summon every bit of strength he had in his body.  He put his arms in the air for a minute as the vein in his forehead pulsed.  Then he thrust his hands toward the men and released an epic explosion that sent a shock of heat all the way to me.  They shattered to dust.  Absolutely nothing was left of them besides a few crumb-like ashes.
Gear raised his hands pulling wind in cyclone around the ashes left.  He sent it whirling through the forest.
"That should ward off some of the others.  They may be dissuaded from pursuing us if they see what happened to their comrades," he said calmly.
Everett was rising up now with the life returned to his eyes.  Aster had been successful in healing him, which gave me immense relief.
"We've got to get back and help Ayla and Chris," Aster said, sounding more fearful than Gear.
Everyone had apparently come.  I was so ashamed.
Tallis swished rapidly through the water to me.  He scooped me up as Gear parted the water on our way back, creating a small land trail for us.
Tallis's eyes were so soft and sympathetic as he spoke with such a guilt-ridden tone.  "I'm sorry I pushed you so hard.  I was just trying to get you out of harm's way when I sensed a new threat.  I was trying to give you a soft landing."
I shook my head.  He was always apologizing, even after saving me, yet again.  I had put my own stupid self in danger, not him.  He put me down, allowing me to stand on my own.  I lowered my eyes, feeling all the more idiotic.
"You didn't hurt me," I huffed out shamefully.
As my eyes came back up, I looked around at the all of the worried faces from my family.  I looked at Everett who had almost died because of me.  I felt so horribly selfish.
"I'm so sorry.  I just I'm sorry," I choked out.
There were no words strong enough to express the depth of guilt and remorse I felt for my irresponsible and reckless actions.
Ash nodded at me, and then in a flash, she was gone.  Everyone followed except for Aster and Tallis who raced up a trail with me.  We hopped in a jeep that was parked on the edge of the trail.  Aster took the driver's seat, and Tallis joined me in the back.
Tallis looked at me like something else was wrong.  "I can't smell your essence," he said, leaning closer, too close.
I nodded.  "I drank the thing of stripper Grandma had."
He seemed to approve of my improvisation.
"That's clever, so how did they find you?"  Aster asked, as if she truly believed I was going to have the answer.
"Beats me.  I didn't have that blood covering stuff, my oversight, and he said he smelled Bradbury blood, but I don't know how they knew to look for me here.  How did you find me?"
Tallis picked my hand up and spoke softly while staring at it.  "Every sketch you had drawn of that place proved to be incredibly accurate.  I knew you had to be there."  Then he added more to his statement, while a hesitant smile played on his lips.  "Well, every sketch you drew before you met me."
He handed me my sketch book full of pictures of him.  I dropped earlier... again.  "You really shouldn't keep leaving that lying around."
His eyes cut up to catch mine.
I smiled uncomfortably and embarrassed.  It hurt so much knowing he knew how much I loved him but didn't reciprocate my feelings.  I sighed out deeply and shifted the subject when the deafening silence grew to be unbearable.
"How did you know I was in trouble?  Did Mom see it?"
Aster shook her head.  "She can't see you.  You're invisible to her - to all seers.  It happens ever so often.  She saw the Haluali people being attacked.  She shouldn't be able to see them either; however, one of the villagers linked themselves to her when she left.  She wanted to be able to keep an eye on things since they were leaving a little early.  It's a good thing she did so."
"What?"  More tears flooded my eyes now.  I endangered everyone's life with my stupidity.  "Why?"
Tallis put his arm around me in a comforting motion before speaking. "The dark followers have been searching for them for centuries.  They're some of the strongest guardians.  They usually take care of the stronger bloodlines because of the solidity of their magic.  They've done an excellent job keeping their location a secret."
"Until I led them straight to them," I said through a strained whisper, my tears falling in a heavier abundance.
He put his finger under my chin, tilting my head to meet his stare.  "You couldn't have known."
I could see smoke coming from the direction of the village.  "Oh no!  We have to go help them!"
Aster kept driving toward Brazil, never slowing.  She looked into the rearview mirror, letting her eyes connect with mine.  "Mom and Dad got them out."
A new sense of fear shot through me.  "What if some of those monsters attacked Mom and Dad?  They could be hurt and needing us."
Tallis smiled as Aster responded.  "They're perfectly fine.  Mom is an incredible seer.  Especially in combat.  She can see every move before they make it.  Dad can drain someone without touch.  He's the only drainer known to have mastered that ability.  All other drainers need touch.  Mom and Dad are even stronger together.  Their soul mate linkage gives her the power to show him what she sees the instant she sees it.  It's almost as if he's a seer, too.  They're pretty amazing to watch."
Her confidence in them gave me a little reprieve, but I still worried.  I would never forgive myself if anything happened to them.
Before I knew it, we were in Brazil.  There was absolute pandemonium.  Rioting and brawling were going on all over the place.  It had been so normal earlier.  So calm.
"What's going on?" I asked, feeling dumbfounded by the chaos.
Tallis responded with one word in a solemn tone, and I had no idea what it meant.  "Kao."
He looked around, warily assessing the scene.  Finally, he noticed my quizzical look as he helped me out of the jeep.
"Kao is the son of Graven.  He's Ayla's counterpart.  Where she brings serenity, he brings chaos.  He's not gone either.  I can feel his presence."  He studied the crowd more furtively.  "We'll have to walk from here.  There's no way we can drive in this mess."
Aster grabbed different things from the jeep and shut the door.  We started shoving our way through the crowd.  I bounced off some people, barely keeping my balance, but Tallis kept me afloat amongst the craziness.  He kept his hand on me at all times, never letting me get out of his grasp.
He halted suddenly, and I slammed into him from behind.  I looked up and watched as the color drained from his face.  I followed his gaze and saw a lean young guy standing on top of a building.  He was glaring right at us.
He was incredibly tall, and his attire was all black, just as his eyes were.  He dropped from the building to his feet without even bending his knees.  People seemed to spread, making a path for him, as he headed toward us.
Aster stepped in front of me and Tallis.  It had to be Kao.  Three or four more women and men followed him.  It was an entourage of putrid smelling dramians.  The stinging sensation of guilt flooded me yet again.  I wanted to rewind time and start the day all over, make the decision to stay and face my problems instead of running away and putting everyone in the line of fire.
"Stay behind me," Tallis whispered, his eyes never leaving Kao.
Suddenly we were joined by Ash who somersaulted down from a building above.
"Well, this is just peachy."
Her light tone was laced with dread.  Her eyes scoured the landscape as she seemed to be sizing the dramians up.  Then we were joined by Gear, Olivia, Jaslene, Alvin, Everett, Chris, Jay, and Ayla.  Everyone stood fearlessly, ready to face whatever these demons threw at them.
Kao stopped walking as a dust storm started sweeping through.  I looked at Gear.  He caught my gaze and shook his head, letting me know it wasn't him.
Iris and George came into view with Desmond, Allaysia, and Edmond following close behind.
Iris was quick to challenge Kao.  "If you think you're ready for this, then let's get started."
Her eyes sparked with power and a fearlessness that made me shiver.  She was so strong in so many ways.  They crossed over to join us, adding to our line of power, while I stood there, shielded and helpless.
Tallis pulled me tightly against his back.  I shouldn't have been thinking about how good he smelled, but I couldn't help myself.  I shook it off, trying to focus on the fact we were surrounded by a mob of people wanting to kill us.  Ayla stepped up and pulled off her hood.
Some of the chaos lessened, but it was too much for her to ice completely.  Kao glared at her, and Jay stepped up, ready to block any attack.
I could see Ayla working hard as her eyes burned toward the crowd.  It seemed to be getting better.  Kao squinted his eyes, fighting against her magic.  She was strong though.  Despite all the essences Kao had consumed, Ayla was still as strong, if not stronger than him, because she had found her soul mate, and he hadn't.
Kao stepped back as the clouds rumbled with loud thunder and the sky turned dark above us.  He looked at Iris who was staring at him.
"Your move, Kao," she dared in a quiet but deadly tone, letting the wind carry her voice to him.
He backed away, as did his followers.  He knew they weren't ready to take on Iris and her family.  Nor was he ready to take on his aunt and cousins.  I shivered to think of how hard it was for Tallis and his family to face off against their own blood.  He must have felt my shiver.
"Are you okay?"
I barely nodded in response.  But I was far from okay.  I felt a horrible sensation in my stomach.  I tasted the toxic air and felt the shift.  Something bad was going to happen.
My eyes moved slowly, trying to find the other shoe before it dropped.  I should have looked sooner.  By the time I found it, it was too late.
Out of all the things I'd seen recently, the barrel of the gun pointed at me was the most terrifying yet.  The rapid-fire rhythm of my pounding heart found my ears, drowning out all other sounds.
My mind hadn't wrapped around all the crazy, but I knew how deadly that piece of metal could be when in the hands of a killer.
The man behind the gun was just a few feet away from us.  Kao was in the man's head.  He wanted me dead, even if he didn't want to fight my family.
Before I could warn anyone, a shot rang out.  As soon as the bullet burst out of the barrel, everything dropped into slow motion.  I couldn't move like normal.  Even I was in slow motion.
Everything was moving at a fraction of the normal speed, including the bullet.  Tallis was suddenly in front of me, seeming to be the only one not slowed by time, and the bullet exploded against his chest, still in slow motion.
I could see each fragment shattering in its own separate direction.  You could almost pluck them from the air.
As though a spell was broken, time resumed, once again finding normal speed.  The shards of the bullet fell to the ground like broken glass.  Kao tilted his head as Tallis threw his hands forth, launching an attack.
Kao didn't explode, but a powerful blast wounded his side.  Kao grabbed his side and glowered at Tallis.  He grimaced in pain and anger, and then disappeared into the crowd. 
They were retreating.  It was such a relief.  We were going to live.
The overload of adrenaline fled, leaving me weak with hot chills.  I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, so I did both.
Ayla was still restoring peace, and everyone held their place, keeping her protected.  Finally, normalcy was restored.
Tallis grabbed my hand and we walked toward Jaslene.
I could hear my guilt-ridden tone.  "Mom, I'm so sorry."  I started crying as I hugged her, collapsing into her embrace.
She pulled me back to speak, her eyes soft and sympathetic, despite the reaming I deserved.  "It's okay, dear.  We'll talk more about this when we get home.  But don't ever do this to me again."
"I won't.  I promise, I won't."
Tallis hugged his mother.  "I guess I wasn't strong enough to kill him.  Now what?"  he asked, acting disheartened.
"We'll worry about it later.  It's good we found out what we did today.  This may have been the best thing.  Now we know a little better about what we're dealing with."
"Ayla is much stronger now," Desmond said, interjecting himself into the conversation.
Tallis and his family seemed somewhat pleased with that new bit of information.
"Jay helped with that.  Our families uniting was a good thing."  Allaysia touched Tallis's saddened face.  "Let's get Aria home."
Chapter 18

Accepting My New Life

Time continues to move forward even if we're standing still.

After nearly getting everyone I loved killed, I was feeling pretty rotten for running away.  Ash sat across from Tallis and me.  I caught her scowl and awaited my well-deserved lashing.
"Oh, by the way, thanks for losing my passport."
I flinched.  I left my bag on the side of the trail and forgot all about it during the sudden retreat.  "Sorry," I mumbled, adding that to the long list of things I'd never be able to make up for.
"You're just lucky I know how to-"  She looked around the plane, trying to phrase the next part of her sentence.  "-work a little magic."
She snickered at her little comment, though I didn't find it as humorous.  Magic was ruining everything.  So was I.
I leaned back in my seat, forcing a smile so she wouldn't see through me.  Tallis stared out the window, his eyes focused the clouds.  His hand was just inches away from mine.  I wanted to reach over and grab it, but I couldn't deal with him pulling away from me.
It was hard enough fighting back the urge to tell him I loved him again.  I kept reminding myself of how poorly that had worked out the first time.  Instead, I decided to just talk to him.
He looked like he needed a friend, and I owed him that much.  "Im sorry you had to hurt your cousin.  I know that must have been incredibly difficult for you."
He turned with his eyes narrowed, seeming angry at me.  "I wasn't trying to hurt him.  I was trying to kill him.  It wasn't hard at all.  It was easy to do.  He was trying to kill you.  I don't care who it is, I would never let anyone hurt you.  He may be my blood, but he's not my family.  None of them are."
When he said stuff like that, it confused me even worse.  How could he feel that strongly toward me and not love me?
He was willing to kill his cousin without even the slightest doubt because he tried to hurt me.  I didn't understand why he couldn't see.
I wasn't going to get into all of that though.  I thought back to the bullet shattering against his chest, and I flinched.
"I know this is going to sound weird, but I swear when that bullet came at me, everything went into slow motion.  It was like everything slowed to a near standstill until after the bullet shattered on your chest.  I saw everything with such clarity.  I even saw the tiny fragments explode into the air almost one by one.  It was amazing, other than the part where you had to literally take a bullet for me."
I expected him to snicker a little at that last part, but I was met with crickets instead.  His eyes got really wide, like I had said something wrong.
His voice showed his confusion.  "What?  You saw everything in slow motion?"
I squirmed uncomfortably now, perplexed by his reaction and his tone.  I responded with uncertainty.  "Yeah, it just seemed as though time was crawling.  I couldn't move, but I could see everything barely moving, except for you."
Allaysia leaned over the seat with astonishment on her face, whispering, "You learned how to control it?  How did it work?"
He shook his head and stared at me while whispering back, "It just worked that one time, when I needed it more than I ever have.  I don't even know how I did it.  It just happened.  How did Aria-"
"Shhh," she interrupted gently.  "We'll talk more when it's safe to talk.  Everyone will want to be included, I'm sure."
"There won't be any reason for that.  It's not like I even know how to control it.  Like I said, it just happened."
He leaned back in his seat, relaxing slightly.  Then he resumed staring out the window.  I was completely bewildered and they just seemed indifferent to my concerns.

I was relieved when the plane landed, hoping I would get some answers to their cryptic conversation.
Tallis wasn't letting me out of his sight.  He tossed Desmond and Ash his keys as he opened the passenger door of my car for me.
He stayed silent all the way to the house.  Every time I brought up the slow motion thing, he would just say later.
I was so happy to see the house.  "Finally!  I can get some answers," I exclaimed as he helped me out of the car.
He smiled just slightly with the corner of his mouth and grabbed my hand.  He had no idea what physical contact did to me.  It burned me up, like a passionate fire that could never be extinguished.  I couldn't understand why he claimed to not love me.
He had just flown to South America to save me.  He had studied my sketches so much that he found my hideaway in an enormous rainforest.  He tried to kill his own cousin to save me.  He apparently used some new freaky slow motion power to jump in front of a bullet for me.  He wouldn't even let me ride home without him.  He had put my family's protective crest inside his pretty little car next to his in the very beginning.  He planned on being with me all the time.  He slept in my bed, rarely letting me out of his sight.  I just hated he wouldn't admit it to himself or to me.  It was killing me.
He went and got a couple bottles of water from the refrigerator.  He handed me one as he sat on the couch beside me.  Then everyone started piling in.  Everyone put away their stuff and joined us in the living room area.
Ash sat beside me.  "So, by the way, about the whole passport thing...  I'd like you to know how embarrassing it was to be closer to thirty than twenty, and have to have a parent's permission to board a plane."
"What?"  Then it dawned on me.  "Oh, yeah, sorry.  I'm surprised they let us use each other's ID.  We don't look that much alike."
Ash smiled.  "Well, I did look like you when I got there."  She took a breath, and before my eyes, she transformed to look like me.
I gasped slightly, feeling as though I had stepped outside my body to stare at myself.  It was uncanny actually.
"I didn't have time to make a new passport before we left," she added.  "This was a quick and easy fix."
It was hard to believe it was easier to change one's appearance than it was to make a new passport.  I obviously still had a lot to learn about magic.
"Awesome."
I could see Tallis flinch out of the corner of my air.
Ash changed back, laughing slightly as she responded, "I know, right?  It was fun getting to be you for a minute."
I became distracted with the other chatter going on in the room.  Alvin's eyes burned with intensity as he studied Tallis, gazing at him like he had just caught on fire or something.
"Amazing," Dad said in a tone of awe.
I shrugged my shoulders with my hands out.  "What?"
Tallis looked at me and put his hand on my knee as he joined in on the conversation I had apparently managed to miss.  "I dont know how it works, or how to control it."
"How to control what?"  Ash was thankfully just as confused as I was.
Allaysia spoke with a cool tone.  "Tallis has the ability to still time to a near halt.  He hasn't been able to use it on command until Brazil.  When the man shot at Aria, he was able to slow time so he could step in front of her.  His will to defend her at any cost must have triggered it somehow.  He used it perfectly.
"Most of our powers do show themselves more clearly in a time of extreme circumstances such as that.  Self defense is the strongest trigger to any power.  I've never seen the defense mechanism kick in so strongly for someone who wasn't a soul mate though."
Allaysias explanation put some of my questions to rest.  However, I didn't like the implication that Tallis and I were not soul mates.  I was sick of everyone disagreeing with me.
Maybe that was why it had kicked in.  Maybe that was proof we were soul mates after all.  Apparently I was the only one who seemed to think so though.
Tallis spoke quietly, almost too quietly for me to even hear him, although no one else seemed to have a problem.  "I haven't ever been able to use it for any amount of time to do anything with it.  Until today, I've never been able to actually control when it happened.  It's always just popped up at random.  I wouldn't have known about it otherwise.  I've tried using since we left Brazil, and I haven't had any success."
"So you have two incredible one-of-a-kind powers?  That's so not fair at all," Ash groaned.
Leave it to Ash to make it a competition.
Jaslene rolled her eyes at Ash.  Tallis huffed out a small chuckle.  Then he resumed.
"I don't know that it's going to do us any good if I can't learn to control it."
"Maybe Aria should get shot at again.  This time you could pay attention to how it works," Gear joked through a chuckle.
"Aria will get herself into another mess at some point and time.  I'm sure you'll get plenty of practice," Ash said, rolling her eyes at me.
"Yeah, maybe.  If she let's me stick around, that is."  Tallis searched my eyes, waiting for me to answer.
He had a look like a little kid would have at Christmas while waiting on someone to tell him if he could open a present.
I put my head down, feeling a little embarrassed by everyone's staring.  I shrugged my shoulders.  "Guess you kind of have to.  I don't do so well without you, it seems."
It was going to be hard to be around him while feeling the way I did - the way he claimed he didn't.  Nothing he did made sense.  He wanted to be with me, but he didn't want to be with me.  I was exhausted from trying to figure out his feelings for him.
He smiled like I had answered just the way he wanted me to.  I shook my head to myself.  I loved him whether he believed it or not and I wasn't going to give up.
When we were away from the others, I asked, "Why did you flinch when Ash changed into me?"
He looked so pitifully sad.  He stared away for a minute, seeming to be lost in a cloud of misery.  I was starting to think he wasn't going to answer, but he finally did.
"When she changed at the airport, I had a lot on my mind.  When she changed just now, it made me remember what I was thinking then."
I was slightly puzzled by that vague response.  "What were you thinking?"
He sighed loudly, bringing his eyes back to meet mine.
"I was worried we wouldn't make it in time.  We were going in blind as to where you were or what was happening to you.  The only thing Jaslene had seen was the fire and the chaos in Brazil.  With you, there was nothing.  I had no idea what condition we were going to find you in.
"When Ash changed at the airport, it worried me that it might be the last time I ever saw you, and it wasn't even you.  I couldn't bear the thought of seeing your face on anyone but you.  I was going to think of the time I saw you before that, but that wasn't the best of memories either.  This was all my fault."
"No, it was mine," I groaned, doing my best to ease his guilt.  In the end, it really was all my fault.  All of it.

We went outside with everyone for the celebration.  Ash raised fire from the ground against a few logs that Gear had assembled with a little help from his wind.  Jay shot bolts of energy that exploded into the night sky like electric fireworks.
Selesha had joined us.  It was sad seeing her watch Jay and Ayla.  I could tell it was killing her.  I wanted to say something, but I didn't know where to start.
The huge fire and the electric fireworks were quite a romantic backdrop for Tallis and me.  I leaned into him, enjoying the way he held my hand and kissed the top of my head.
"Thank you for always saving me," I murmured softly, sighing in content as I watched the embers of the fire float on the arms of the natural wind.
It was cold, so the fire fed me warmth.  So did Tallis.  I felt his hand squeeze mine a little tighter.
"As long as I'm alive, I'll be around to save you.  If anything was to happen to you...  I wouldn't live through it."  He paused when I looked away to hide my sadness.  He had no idea what his words did to my soul.  He sounded confused as he changed the subject.  "I don't understand how you saw things as I saw them in slow motion."
He touched my cheek, caressing it softly with the tips of his fingers.  I fought back the tears and shrugged while turning back to face him.
"I don't know either.  I'm glad I was able to help you use a new power though."  I laughed a little, though it was forced.  "At least all of my life-threatening encounters give you a good workout."
He smiled, letting his eyes drift back to the fire.
Everyone danced around the blazing beauty for a couple of hours, and then we finally went in.  The adults indulged in some cocktails, I was stuck with only water.
"Will you stay with me tonight?" I asked in a whisper, looking at Tallis hopefully.
"I hoped you'd ask."  He seemed almost relieved as he brushed my hair from my face.
We headed up the stairs, side by side.  He reached for my hand as we made our way to my room, and his fingers became interlocked with mine.
He shut my door, and I lay down on the bed, completely exhausted.  He flopped down beside me and wrapped his body tightly, so tightly against mine.  His hands reached around my waist, just slightly touching the skin my shirt left uncovered.  His hands felt like silk.  His breath on my neck sent a wave of chill bumps all over my body.  I heard him snicker when he noticed them.
I turned over to let my eyes meet his.  I wasn't angry, but I could hear pain in my voice when I almost whimpered before straining out my words.
"Why do you laugh?  Why is this humorous to you?  Do you have any idea how much this hurts me?  I want to be with you so badly that it physically hurts.  Every part of my body aches for you.  Is it funny to see me suffer because you feel nothing for me?  I'm so confused by you and how it feels like you want me like I want you, but then you shut me down like I mean nothing at all to you."
His expression changed to be more serious.  He cleared his throat, seeming a little surprised by my outburst.
"I was laughing because I'm happy.  I love making you feel something for me.  With that said, I also hate myself for doing this to you.  You mean absolutely everything to me.  Nothing means anything at all if you're not with me.
"I've tried fighting the urge to be by your side, but I can't.  I've done everything in my power to not link with your emotions, but I'm continuously unsuccessful.  I'm not strong enough to fight it.  I'm not capable of leaving you alone.  It's selfish and cruel, and I wish I could stop, I really do, but I can't.  Every second I'm not with you is the worst time of my life.
"Without you, I'm completely miserable and emptiness is all that consumes me.  You're so unbelievably amazing that I can't stop myself.  I physically hurt for you, too, Aria.  I can't spend a moment without thinking about you.  Even when I'm with you, I'm thinking about you.  It's completely insanely wonderful and dreadfully painful at the same time.  I don't know how to stop.
"I don't want to ruin your last few years as mortal.  I don't want to risk the harm I could cause, should my blood truly be tainted.  I can't let myself bond with you the way you say you want to.  It's going to be unbearable for me when you transform and go in search of your true soul mate.  Your human emotions for me will become obsolete, and when your feelings die, mine will, too.  It's going to be hard enough to lose you this way.  I can't get any closer.  I just can't."
I winced at the obvious pain in his face and tears in his eyes.  "I don't think I'll be going anywhere.  I think I've already found my soul mate.  Well, I don't just think it, I know it.  You don't believe it, but how else do you explain what we feel?"
I put my hand on his face and slid it down his neck to his already unbuttoned shirt.  His bare stomach lay beneath it.  His neck was within reach of my lips.  I put my head closer to it and kissed it lightly.
I heard him groan slightly with guilty pleasure.  I kissed his soft neck again, moving down to his chest.  I didn't know what I was doing, but it seemed to be working.  His hands clasped me tightly, pulling me closer to his body.  Our lips grazed each other's and then he moved his down to kiss my neck.
It felt so... hot.  My whole body raced with heat, like I had a fever.  My heart pulsed faster and faster as I slid his shirt off his right shoulder and began kissing it.
He pulled me back enough to catch a breath.  "I can't do this to you.  Please don't do this to me.  You have no idea how hard this is to fight.  I want you so badly I can't stand it.  I love you, Aria.  Please don't make this any harder on me."
Please tell me he really said that!
Electrically charged tingles crawled through me, igniting every ounce of emotion in me and stirring me to life.  My breath left me for a second as my mind searched to see if I had really just heard that.  His eyes held mine, pleading and begging for contradicting things.  He loved me, wanted me, but he also wanted me to stop.
"I love you, too.  I have for a long time."
I wasn't stopping.  I couldn't.  I knew we were soul mates.  I couldn't breathe without him.  I needed him like air.  I couldn't be without him another moment.  He was desire, passion, happiness... He was everything I needed, and I wasn't backing down this time.  I was giving myself to him to love.  I was taking him to love.  I wasn't walking away until he was mine.
"If you love me, don't do this to me," he pleaded, his voice going out.  "I don't have enough strength left to fight this for the both of us anymore."
"Who asked you to fight for me?" I asked, keeping my voice soft.
I continued my gentle kisses around his chest and neck, working my way back up to his mouth.
"Aria, please.  This is so hard not to give in to," he begged.
"Then give in," I whispered back, still pressing myself tightly against his body.
I sat up in his lap, moving my legs around his waist and poising my lips to be millimeters from his.  My body was begging him to make the first move.  I was on fire for him, and I was going to be relentless in my attempts.  The more he resisted, the more I fought to tempt him.  It worked.
His hands were suddenly in my hair.  Then one hand slid down my back bringing me with him as he dropped back to the bed.  He grabbed me at my right thigh and slid me up, making everything inside me come to boil.
This was it.  It was happening - my first kiss with my first and only love.  He still had one hand on the back of my neck and he pulled me down to his face.  It was so much better than I had ever imagined it would be; the perfect ending to a horribly traumatic day.  The intensity of how badly we wanted each other was overwhelmingly breathtaking.
His lips felt like velvet as they crushed against mine, pushing me into a place of fantasy.  I felt the fireworks erupting powerfully in our mouths.  I felt his heart pounding under my body.  I felt his hands pulling me as close as they could.  I felt alive and on fire.
His tongue explored my mouth and with it came a stronger heat.  It was almost too much.
He was mine.  All I had to do was wait until my transformation to prove it.  I knew the dark ones were still looking for me, but in that moment, I didn't care.  The only thing I cared about was the fire surging through me, burning out of control.  All I cared about was being with him, and I finally could be for now.
The delicious heat kept getting stronger, to the point I couldn't catch my breath at all.  Suddenly, it was burning me from the inside out.  An excruciating, unrelenting, merciless inferno.
What started as a cloud of euphoria became a shadow of darkness as my sounds of pleasure turned into a bloodcurdling scream.

End of book one.

Book two, Jaded Jewels, coming soon.  Join The Coveted Saga fan page on Facebook to get teasers from book two.

Other books by C.M. Owens -

Adult - ages seventeen and older for all books listed below:

Daughter of Aphrodite (Book one - The Daughter Trilogy)
Daughter of Asteria (Book two - The Daughter Trilogy)
Daughter of Kaos (Book three - The Daughter Trilogy)
A bundle deal is available.

Gifted Curse (Book one of the Curse Trilogy)
Forgotten Curse (Book two of the Curse Trilogy)
Lifted Curse (Book three of the Curse Trilogy)
A bundle deal is available.

Secret Gifts - Book one of the Gifts Trilogy (A continuation of the Curse Trilogy)

The Devil's Artwork (Book one - Faders Trilogy)
New Dawn of War (Book two - Faders Trilogy)

And Blood's Fury - Book one of the Deadly Beauties series
