That Year
By M.J. Fontana
Published by M.J. Fontana
 2014 M.J. Fontana
All rights Reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review. 

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental    

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Cover Art  L.J. Anderson, Mayhem Cover Creations 

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Epilogue 





1
Occasionally, I would go to my girlfriend Victorias house to eat dinner. Her parents always treated me like I was part of the family, and I always thought of them as part of mine. Besides her parents Joe, a truck driver and Barbara, a stay at home wife who babysitted a group of kids from the neighborhood and nearby communities, Victorias two younger brothers and sister took a liking to me. Her younger sister Brianna was a shy girl that always had a doll clutched under her right arm. She would talk in a low voice that one would have to lean in to be able to hear her. I imagined this was how Victoria was when she was younger. I know it was how I was. 
Im not a person that puts themselves out there, and most would describe me as a quiet, reserved person. Victoria would also be described as quiet by others. 
Victoria and I shared everything, would talk for hours, and I loved being with her. Although we were only 15 years old we had a mature relationship. There was no doubt about it she was for me and I was for her. 
Next year you start high school, must be exciting, Victorias mom says standing on my left hand side placing a massive pile of mash potatoes on my plate next to a massive piece of meatloaf and pile of green beans. I sure wasnt going to complain, I loved her cooking.  I look at Victoria sitting to my right, Its going to be a little scary at first but Im excited about the next four years, I say while Victoria holds back a smile. I been with her for the past two years and still there are these moments that I get lost in her beauty. Her brunette hair that stops at her shoulders and her green eyes made me feel while looking at her that I was the luckiest guy on the planet.  John and Vincent come to dinner now, shouts Victorias father from the kitchen table to his two sons in another room. Brianna with her doll in her lap sits quietly to my left. 
The last day of school is a half-day. By the middle of June everybody in school is anxious to start their summer break and enjoy the nice, warm weather. Next year Ill be going to another building in another location, next year Ill be starting high school. I see myself being with Victoria throughout high school. The prospect of being with her puts me at ease. 
When I get home from school Victoria and I head to our favorite place the shaking bar. This place has every milkshake flavor your imagination could think of, and although on occasion we would try a new flavor, when Jimmy, the owner, saw us coming through the entrance two chocolate milkshakes with whip cream were waiting for us on our table.
My summer break was fun, I enjoy the little things like hanging out with my friends, playing baseball and basketball at the local park and of course being with Victoria. In late July till early August I went to the shore for a week with Victoria and her parents. My three closest friends Steve, Ryan, and Josh told me to bring condoms with me. The thought crossed my mind that it would happen. Although I desired and was ready to have sex with her it still felt like I would be entering a forbidden world. Also I never got the feeling that she was ready to take that next step.  
When we arrived at our motel, right next to the beach, with our room facing the waterfront I helped unpack the car full of luggage. Victoria shared a room with her younger sister Brianna. I shared a room with her two brothers John and Vincent, and her parents had a room to themselves. All three rooms were right next to each other. After unpacking we all got changed and walked the short distance to a spot on the beach. It was a sunny, blue sky day in the mid 90s, so Barbara had us all put on sunscreen. Victoria turned to me and asked if I could get her back for her. I stood like a statue unable to speak or move lusting for her while she stood in front of me in her two piece swimsuit. She was the same girl I had known and yet my heart was beating faster than it ever had. I took the sunscreen bottle from her fumbling it my hands as it fell into the sand, picking it up I squirted some on my left hand, and rubbed my hand slowly across her back and lower back. I could only imagine what I looked like to anyone who looked at me because I felt as if I was unable to hold my excitement. Maybe I was unsure about entering this forbidden world before but at that moment I knew I wanted to.
 Later, I helped Brianna build a sandcastle, and assisted Brianna and John burry their brother in the sand. I looked to my side at Victorias dad, Joe, sleeping in his beach lounge chair basking under the suns rays next to Victorias mom Barbara reading a paperback book. I looked out toward the beach, at Victoria standing by herself on the edge where only your feet get wet after a wave breaks. I walked next to her. Want to go in, I asked her. Yes, she said. She grabbed my hand while we walked further and further into the ocean. We finally settled into a spot in the water where our bodies moved gently with the motion of the waves. Hold me, she said. I moved closer to her holding her body close to mine. We faced each other so close that not even a pinky could slide between us. Simultaneously we lock lips. This wasnt the first time I have kissed her but this felt different.  While we kissed the motion of the waves froze, the people around us froze, the birds stopped chirping, the ice cream truck tune stopped playing, and at that very moment it was as if it was only me and her. I knew at that moment both of us were ready to take that next step. Theres nothing to be afraid of if youre with the person you love.
Later that first night, after enjoying dinner at a hibachi restaurant Joe and Barbara retired to bed. Victoria, Joe, Vincent, Brianna whom was still clutching her doll under her right arm, and I stayed up and watched television in the room I was staying in as it was the bigger room with three beds. Victoria stood up, Matt and I are going to my room for a little bit well be right back, just stay here and watch TV.  Why are you going to our room, Brianna asked me in her low voice. I looked up at Victoria from the chair I was sitting on with my heart beating faster and nervousness conquering my entire body. He has to help me fix something, well be right back, Victoria told her. Oh, she said and continued to play with her doll. John and Vincent remained still watching television. I got up and followed her outside to her room. I walked further into her room with my left hand in my pocket, feeling like I would stumble over my own steps. I heard her lock the door behind her. I turned around at her while she was in the process of taking off her shirt and bra. She stands in front of me completely naked. Excitement ensued. I walked up to her taking off my shirt and pants in the process leaving only my boxers on. I must have kissed and felt every part of her nude body. She placed her hands on the top of my boxers and went down with them as she grabbed and stroked my penis. We collapsed onto the bed together. Her green eyes stared right into mine with her hands around my upper back. All the passion we had for each other takes over on this humid summer night.
The next morning Victoria and I walked along the beach holding hands, the strong mourning sun beaming down on us, as we waited for her family to get ready to go out for breakfast. The next three nights we went into her room leaving her siblings in my room watching television to have sex again and again.      
   You finally did it, exclaimed one of my best friends Steve in amazement as I told him about my experience with Victoria during the trip to the shore. I knew Steve for a long time, he was always in my classes during my previous school years, and was on my recreational baseball and basketball teams I participated in. Steve is not like Victoria and I. Hes more outgoing and popular with other kids in school.
The summer was winding down and the start of my high school career was getting closer. I never thought much about starting high school during the summer, but with the back to school commercials in high gear, the sun setting earlier and earlier, and the night air getting cooler and cooler, I have started to.  
On the last Monday of summer break I spend the majority of the day with my friends and other kids from the neighborhood and surrounding communities playing basketball at the local park. I told Victoria I would meet her at the shaking bar at 6pm, so at 4:30pm I walk back home to take a shower. 
I enter the shaking bar and see Victoria sitting at a booth. I sit down across from her. How are you beautiful, I ask her. I wanted to meet you tonight because I think we need to stop seeing each other.  Im so thrown off I just sit there like Im having a bad dream, and Ill wake up soon. But the time ticks by and Im still sitting here. We have grown so far, I cant possibly imagine my life without her. She is a part of who I am. This cant possibly be happening, where is this coming from? I think back to anything in everything that I could possibly have done to her to make her feel like she needs to stop seeing me. Jimmy puts down our usual two chocolate milkshakes with whip cream on the table. My eyes go from the milkshakes to her. She is wearing a sad expression on her face. I think I hear her sob as she gets up and leaves the table leaving me alone with my thoughts.  I was so shocked by what she had said that I didnt even get to say anything to her before she left.
Shes the first girl I kissed, first girl I loved, first girl that I made love to, and first girl to break my heart. 
Maybe this is a good thing, says Steve sitting on one of the couches in the living room of Joshs house. Josh and Ryan sit near me on another couch playing a football video game. How is it a good thing? 
Dude there is so much fresh ass in high school, all these girls want to do is get fucked and fucked up, Steve replies.  Yeah, this is a good thing you dont want to be tied down to one girl for the best years of your life, you got your whole life for that shit, Josh adds after slamming down his controller as he just lost the game to Ryan. But you are going to have to put yourself out there a little bit more, Ryan adds. 
True, true, says Steve. Girls want someone whose more confident, something you struggle with, Josh says. Im not thinking about other girls right now, me and Victoria had something that you dont just move on from quickly, I say. Why do you think she ended the relationship, asks Ryan. She is a pretty girl, she knows that, she doesnt want to be with you right now because she wants to explore and experience, not be tied down in a relationship, Ryan says before I could answer him. Shes not like that, I say getting up from the couch to head home. 
Maybe Ryan is right.  After this weekend I will be in a new school with new people, and now without Victoria. I never anticipated that I would be without her when starting high school.
 
2
The bus continues driving along an unfamiliar path I have never been on before. I look out my window trying to remain calm and untie the feeling of a knot inside my stomach. The bus makes a left turn onto the high school campus. Its a rural campus with forest and woods surrounding all around the high school. 
The bus rides slowly up a long, windy path toward the high school. The long and windy path opens up revealing a baseball field on my right. Finally, the bus makes a left turn and for the first time I see the high school building, the building I will be spending the next four years of my life. The school, massive in size and scope, is made up of maroon bricks. The other freshmen look out there windows in exhilaration at their new school while the bus finds its parking spot. 
Ten minutes later, the bus door opens. I maneuver my way toward the school entrance. Unfamiliar people catch up with friends asking about their summer, what classes theyre in, or how their boyfriend or girlfriends are doing. As I enter the building I reach into my pocket and take out my schedule.
 I feel lost and Im literally lost, I have no idea where Im going. I think of how Victoria must be making out on her first day. I finally have the courage to ask a faculty member where to go. He verbalizes to me directions on how to get to my first class, pointing me in the direction to start. The hallways are beginning to get crowded with more students entering the building. Everyone seems to know everyone and here I am by myself with no idea where to go. 
I finally find my first period classroom finally. I take a seat in a desk chair. So much ass out there, I overhear two freshmen talking from across the room. I keep to myself as I wait for the class to begin. Shes a slut, she will literally fuck anybody, I overhear a girl say from across the room. This all feels new, and scary. This isnt me, I just want Victoria back. The world didnt seem so big and easy to get lost in when I was with her. 
A girl walks in that catches my attention. I glance at her twice. I had to, she was stunning. Who is this girl? She had long blonde hair that flows down past her shoulders. She sits down not at one of the students desks but in the front at the teachers desk. She was going through a folder searching for something. She has the same look that I feel Im displaying. Despite her beauty, she looks unsure of herself. She looks young, must be her first teaching job. I hear other guys murmur in a barely inaudible volume. I know what they were talking about though, the stunning, young, blonde teacher of ours. The bell rings through the speakers located near the clock above the classroom door letting us know that first period has begun.
My name is Mrs. Snow; I will be your Math teacher this semester. I will tell you a little about myself and then Im going to go around the room and ask you to tell the class something about yourself, Mrs. Snow says. 
Last year I graduated from East Rail University with a degree in education with a specialization in math. I initially wanted to teach elementary school teachers, but you take what you can get when you have student loans to pay off. I did student teaching at Valley School district. The class boos simultaneously. Valley School district is our most hated rival for our school sports. I know, I know I went to the dark side, but I saw the light and Im here now, Mrs. Snow says laughing. Applause follows. Mrs. Snow plays along and bows. She is cute and funny. 
Why dont we start with you, said Mrs. Snow pointing to a kid in the front of the column that I was in. If she was going to down I would be the fifth person to have to tell the classroom in which I have not recognized anybody something about myself. I hated this. I never knew what to say. Just like that it was my turn and I didnt even hear what the other four other people said.Umm, I have a golden retriever named Rover, an older sister starting college, I say. I look up unsurely at Mrs. Snow and her blue eyes that stand out even from a distance in the front of the classroom. She looks like she wants me to add more, but I dont know what else she wants me to say. Just go to next person, thats all I got. Go to the next person. Okay, and what was your name again, asks Mrs. Snow. Matt, I answer. Thanks Matt, I actually had a golden retriever growing up too. She points to the next student who shares her whole life story or maybe it seems that that way since I shared so little. I wish I was more comfortable around others, but Im not.
 I gather my notebooks and textbooks for my second period class. The hallway is swarming with other students Hey, says a girl whom sits on the opposite side of my first period classroom. She has a tan body and long brunette hair. Hey, I say. I dont know this girl and I certainly dont know why she wants to talk to me. Okay, calm down she just wants to talk, no reason to be nervous. What year are you in, she asks. This is my first day of high school. 
I remember my first day, its scary at first but youll get use to it, she assures me smiling placing her free hand on my shoulder. I have to go this way, she says pointing to the right side where the hallway splits in three. I go that way, I say pointing to the left side even though I have no idea where my next class is located. Ill see you around or tomorrow then, she says smiling heading in the opposite direction. Shes beautiful, Ill never have a chance with her, or maybe I do, I dont know. My past is my past, this is a fresh start, these people dont know me, and I could redefine who I am here. I dont have to be that quiet, reserved kid anymore. 
Lost in my thoughts and trying to find my next class on my own I end up in torn down hallway that seems isolated from the rest of the school. The light flickers above me. My shoes step onto a filthy hallway floor filled with mud, old notebooks, and old stale food, rotten apples half eaten, and rotten banana peels. I continue walking down this hallway of torn apart lockers which extend on the left and right sides of the hall. They looked like they survived a bomb explosion. The horrid smell fills the hallway air, overtaking all my senses. People wearing old, torn, ripped clothing sit with their backs leaning against the lockers.  
These deprived people begin to surround me. Get away from me, I shout. What the hell is going on out here, a man coming out of a classroom shouts. He wears old, dusty clothing.  His sleek black hair is combed back with grease. He would be a good looking guy if not for his deprived appearance. I dont mean any trouble, I just got lost, I plead with the man. Slowly he walks in my direction. He extends his hand. Confused, I shake it. Names Leonardo, call me Leo for short, he says. Follow me. I should be heading back, I got lost its my first day. First day in this high school, he asks me in amazement. Yes, I say. Please follow me. The people that surrounded me back away and sit back down backs against the hallway walls, their eyes expressionless and sad. Just looking at them it is hard not to feel bad for them. Okay, sure why not, I say. We walk a short distance down the hallway then turn into an empty abandon classroom. I cough as pollen and dust fills the classroom air. The only light in the room comes from a grimy window in which the sunlight struggles to shine through.
This classroom, this section of the high school is full of despair, abandonment, and sadness. 
3
Leo sits in front of an old dusty teachers desk in the abandoned classroom. Get a chair, Leo says in a soft voice while he picks up a pencil from the desk and begins writing in a notebook. I turn around locate a chair and pull it close to the desk. 
Where exactly am I, I ask. Leo ignores me focusing his attention on writing something in his notebook. I lift myself up slightly to see what he is working on. He notices what Im doing, looks at me and closes the notebook shut, shooting dust into the air. He turns in his chair, I want to personally apologize for what you experienced out there. Those people out there are depraved, desperate people. 
Of what, I ask. Of what, Leo repeats under his breath, shaking his head. Of education and rights that other students have. That every man and women should have, he tells me with a fire in his eyes. I dont understand. 
Transfer students, foreign students, students who came to this school to better themselves dont have the same privileges that you and the rest of the student body have, he says attempting to get me to understand. The people you saw out there wont give up the fight, but many before have. They give up the fight for the rights they deserve, drop out of school unprepared, uneducated and they disappear into the abyss. They get lost in the world that is so easy to get lost in. Others take to drug dealing and gang banging to put food on the table for their families. See the greatest weapon you can take away is someones education. Because education can lead to a better life, a better person, Leo finishes. 
How is this possible, I ask. Welcome to the real world, the world is not all sunshine and butterflies. There are people out there that hurt people for no reason, no motive at all. 
The world seemed great with Victoria. How I longed just to be with her and have someone to face this world people refer to with. These students, they dont receive any schedule, and when they try to force their way into classes. They disappear. I fight for these people because they need someone to look up to in a dark time like this. Are you a transfer student yourself, I ask. No Im not. Then why are you doing this, I ask. Those students are no different than you or I
I gaze at Leo and all that he represents. I cant help but admire him. He is someone I always wanted to be. He stands for something. He is not afraid to be heard. He faces challenges but you can see in his eyes the passion and genuine care he has for the people in the isolated hallway outside. 
What are you working on, I ask looking at the closed notebook placed in front of him. To show the students of this school that it belongs to them and not the people who thrive on placing fear onto others. First, I need to be in an influential position. Im working on a campaign for Student Body President. Leo opens his notebook, crossing out words with his pencil, and gets lost in his work once again. 
 I want you be to my Vice President, he tells me turning his head to face me. Why me, I ask. I see potential in you. I saw the hurt in your eyes when you witnessed the despair outside these halls, the anger in your eyes when I told you their story. I dont know if Im the best person to help you, I dont think I could be comfortable in the spotlight. You are the person for the job. You cant be afraid anymore. There is no escaping the spotlight. If you do you will disappear into the world, and no one will come looking for you. Maybe you were afraid before. This is a new era where fear will no longer control our lives. This school more than ever needs you. Its your time to become the person you always wanted to become, Leo says. 
 I want to be your Vice President, I finally tell Leo returning from my thoughts buzzing around in my head. He places his hand on my shoulder. Great. 
4  
Leo packs his things in his backpack. Where are you going, I ask. Schools out see you tomorrow, he tells me. What time should I meet you here? When is your lunch, he asks. I got the C lunch period. Okay Ill have my scheduled changed by tomorrow and we will meet here during our lunch periods. 
I head for my bus. On the drive back I sit in silence by myself looking outside my window, but not really looking at whats outside as Im lost in my thoughts. Thoughts about my first day, the secrets I had discovered. I ponder what fear Leo was referring to.
How was it, my mom asks as my dad and I gather around the table. I take a seat across from my dad, I got lost at first. How did that happen, my dad asks. Its not that hard to get lost in there, its a big building, I reply. Youll get used to it. Pretty soon youll be able to find your classes with your eyes closed, my mom says taking a seat next to my dad. My golden retriever Rover places his head on my lab with begging eyes. How could I possibly say no to that face? I cut a piece of chicken and give it to him. Satisfied he walks away and lies down on the wooden floor next to the dinner table. Why dont you go to Victorias house and have dinner with her family anymore, god knows you love her cooking more than mine, my mom asks. Honey would you stop, my dad says. I think they know Im most likely not seeing her anymore, but I really dont want talk about it with them. Mom thats crazy, nobody, and I mean nobody could beat your cooking, I say. My mom chews on her piece of chicken, Yeah your right.  
The next day I find my first period class a lot faster. Mrs. Snow walks into the classroom as the bell rings. She wears a white shirt, and a short black skirt. I cant help but stare at her. I know I wasnt the only one awe struck by her. As she writes on the white board with her marker in her hand I admire her ass. I walk up behind her, and I slowly lift her skirt up exposing her pink thong. I rub her butt cheeks with my hands and pull down her skirt, then her thong. 
Matt, Mrs. Snow shouts. What, I say alarmingly. Could you do number three on the board. Yes, I say as I get up from my desk. 
An announcement comes through the speakers from above the door, Please turn on your televisions for the mourning announcements. Mrs. Snow reaches for the television attached to the ceiling behind her desk. I notice her shirt barely lift, exposing a slight hint of her bare skin. 
Hello students, faculty and staff to another year here at Mountain High, Im Brandon and this to the left is the very beautiful Sage Windstill. Thanks Brandon youre not too bad yourself, even if you do think my younger sister is prettier than me. Well you know what Sage, I was drunk, and I think we went over this a number of times over the past week. The camera cuts away from the arguing news anchors. 
Hi, Im David; Im going to tell you the weather for today. David leaves the screen and comes back moments later. Its currently sunny; its going to be sunny today. 
Hey everybody, its Jimmy, your probably thinking whats for lunch, well Im your guy. Today we have the normal chicken patties, burger, fries, pizza, subs, with our daily special being a healthy Mac n cheeses salad. For all you healthy people out there bring your own lunch. The camera cuts back to the lead anchors Brandon and Sage. Have a wonderful day.
I nearly fall asleep during my second period class. My teacher Mr. Seethers speaks in the same monotone voice throughout the duration of the class, stopping occasionally to slide his glasses that keep sliding down his nose. Hey, no texting, says a guy storming into the classroom out of nowhere.  Principle Burns, I I wasnt texting I swear, says the kid nervously. You calling me dam liar, son I am a lot of things, but liar is not one of them, shouts Principle Burns. Sir I didnt call you a liar, I think you just are seeing things. Principle Burns paces up and down the classroom. Mr. Seethers sighs while rubbing his forehead with his hands from a seat at his desk. So now your calling me crazy, get your black ass out of that chair, Principle Burns shouts. When the kid doesnt budge from his chair, Principle Burns tugs his ear and drags him out of the classroom, slamming the classroom door behind him. 
I walk to the forgotten part of the school, down the hallway of despair and sadness and into the classroom where I first met Leo. Leo takes his grey and black check patterned flat cap off and places it onto a coat hook. He rubs his hands through his sleek black hair, Glad you could make it, some people cant handle change. They feel its impossible, that the way everything was before is the only way. They are wrong. Change is sometimes is just another opportunity.  I think of me and Victoria sitting down at our booth at the shaking bar, laughing, comfortable. We shared so much, she was the first person, and so far only person I ever truly let in. I gave everything to her.  And oh her beauty, I wonder if she knew how beautiful she really was when she would hold back that smile of hers.  
Follow me, Leo says. I get up from my chair wiping the dust off my pants as we leave the isolated section of the high school. He takes me to other parts of the school I never yet explored. We cross an elevated bridge, or catwalk as its referred to, connecting the school to another part of the school. The catwalks left, right, and upper section is made up of glass panels letting the natural sunlight in. There are other class rooms here, but thats not why I brought you here, says Leo as we cross the catwalk and turn to directly to the right at the end. Leo tries to open a door that appears locked. As suspected, he says to himself. He takes out what appears to be a stretched paper clip, and toggles with the lock. Eventually he gets it to open. Close the door behind you, he tells me while climbing the staircase. 
Have experience in lock picking I see. We reach another door after climbing 25 flights of stairs. Unlike the other one, this door doesnt have a lock. Leo opens the door. We are on the roof of the school. I look around. I see 7 baseball fields, tennis courts, basketball courts, and the football stadium behind the school. The campus is massive. Forests surround the outliers of the rural campus. Leo sits on the ledge of the roof looking out admiring the beauty that Mother Nature has to offer. I walk toward him standing next to where he is sitting. We both just admire the view. We are going to change a lot of things around here Matt, Leo finally breaks the silence. I think getting transfer and foreign students the rights they deserve is a big enough task. I dont know what else he is referring to.
A truck drives up the road leading toward the school. Leo picks up binoculars that I didnt notice were right next to him on the ledge of the roof, and looks at the truck. What time is it, he asks looking through his binoculars. I take out my phone from my pocket, 11:35, I answer. Whats the importance of that truck, I ask. Its a Pyramid Company truck, the company that delivers our school cafeteria with food.  Why are they important to us, I ask. Leo, with his black hair blowing in the light breeze turns to me and smiles. 
5
Matt stay here, Mrs. Snow notifies me while the rest of my classmates gather their belongings for their second period class. The girl that talked me after this class on my first day of high school smiles at me while exiting the classroom.  Two weeks have passed since that first day. 
I walk up to Mrs. Snow as she organizes papers on her desk. She looks at me with her bright blue eyes making my entire body feel frozen in time. You wanted me to stay, I say unsurely. Sit down Matt, she demands. 
She pushes her blonde hair behind her ears and tilts her head in my direction. How are you? Good, I say. Am I making you are uncomfortable? You didnt do anything wrong.  You can relax. If I didnt do anything wrong, then why did she want me stay? The classroom door opens. It is a built black man with buzzed black hair and facial hair extending around his chin. Just checking to see if youre getting accustomed to the school, he says. I am Mr. James thanks for asking. He looks at me then at Mrs. Snow and smiles as he goes through the classroom door backwards, smiling until the door finally closes. Hes been checking alright. He comes here every day asking me. She was my teacher, but she was still young and she talked to me in a tone I imagined she would talk to one of her friends in.
I glance at a picture on her desk next to a boutique of red roses. Its of her and another man, most likely her husband. She notices me looking at it and picks it up. I got married young, she says placing the picture frame, with the picture facing down onto her desk. I look at her; I see sadness in her eyes. You must be happy, with a job and family, I say. Truth was I really didnt know what to say, but thats best I came up with on the spot. Im not happy, she says shaking her head. Her eyes get redder. Please dont cry, please dont cry. Too late, tears scroll gently down her face. I realize that I said the wrong thing. Wait, how is this my fault?  I dont even understand whats happening. How did I get this situation again? She sniffs and wipes the tears off with her left hand. I dont notice any wedding ring on her finger. 
Im sorry for this, Im a mess. No, no youre anything but that, the words just roll off my tongue. I shouldnt have said that. What did I just say? She smiles. Dont make the same mistakes that I did in life, she says with her sobbing getting under control. 
Im not happy, Matt. I have two kids with a guy that doesnt even love me. Im 26 years old and my life is already off to a terrible start. 
Im sorry this is happening to you, you dont deserve it, I say. I wish I could go back in time and be in your position, your whole life ahead of you. Mrs.. Please. Call me Elizabeth, Mrs. Snow interrupts me placing her hand on my leg. She slowly and gently scrolls her hand up my leg. 
She gets up and walks toward the door and locks it. She walks toward me her long blonde hair flowing as she walks. She lifts her shirt up to her breast exposing her stomach. Her shirt falls back down as she sits on my lap her face facing mine. Im unable to control myself. We kiss. She takes off her shirt, then her bra. I sit there admiring her. She pulls down her skirt and thong. She is completely naked. We share another passionate kiss. I take my shirt off. We kiss more. I take my pants off. I kiss and feel every part of her body. I take off my boxers. She leans against the desk, so I place her legs under my arms and force myself upon her.
 I wipe the sweat from my forehead and put my clothes back on trying to get my normal breathing back.
6
During the following weeks I continue to meet Leo during our 35 minute lunch periods. Our time varying between preparing the Student Body Presidency campaign and feeding the transfer and foreign students hope that change is imminent and their hunger for education and rights will be met. From the roof of the school we would watch as the Pyramid Company delivery truck would drive up the campus road in route toward the back of the school. We would observe as it parked, and watch as the driver unloaded boxes onto a magna cart and enter the school cafeterias back entrance. Every time I would ask Leo the importance of the delivery truck, he was unrevealing. 
Leo was a natural born leader, and inspired the students whom spent their days in a forgotten and long lost section of the high school. He inspired me with his confidence, his sureness about himself. 
 Today, Leo and I decide to have lunch in the abandoned classroom that I first met him in. I take a bite from my chicken patty. This wont be easy. We are running against a person, Bruce Sneel, in the pocket of Joey Fontane and his gang. I finish chewing the piece of chicken in my mouth. Whos Joey Fontane, I ask. The person responsible for the fear the run in the school hallways, he answers. People let him get away with what he wants, never standing up the weakened, for whats right and whats wrong, out of fear of retaliation from Joey Fontane and his gang. Leo turns his head in my direction, But what we are attempting is going to rock the very foundation this school is built on, it will rattle the cages of Joey Fontane. We need to show the students we are strong enough together to change this school for the better, that thugs like Fontane no longer run this school.     
I walk through the bus parking lot. I notice the girl that sits on the opposite side my first period classroom stop conversing with her friends, and look at me. She walks toward me. Hey, I say first. All this time gone by and I still dont know your name, I continue. She blushes, looks at the ground, and then lifts her head up, Its Kayla. My parents are not going to be home this weekend, so Im kind of throwing this party Friday night. If youre interested I would like it if you came, she says.  Yeah that sounds fun. Great give me your number and Ill text you my address. She adds each number I say into her phone, smiles then walks back to her group of friends. I notice how excited she and her friends are when she is back. I hope that excitement is not for me. Im not worth getting that excited over. I will just disappoint her. 
Friday night arrives. Steves older brother drives Steve and me to the party. Steve didnt get invited but I guess hearing about a party means youre allowed to go. I dont know. Kaylas driveway and street are full of cars. Steve and I get out of the car and open the door into her house. The deafening music startles me as I enter. The smell of alcohol is everywhere. In the center of the living room people are dancing. Others are talking in groups throughout the house with red cups in their hands. I see Kayla drinking a can of beer in her kitchen. She spots me and heads toward me with another unopened can of beer in her hand. She hands the unopened can of beer to me. I never once drank beer in my life. But I take it from her hand like I know what Im doing. I open, pour a gulp in my mouth, and freeze and finally gulp what I took down. I cough. She laughs. First time drinking, she asks. She is wearing white pair of short shorts and short sleeve pink shirt that shows her tan lower back and stomach up to her belly button. I look at her long tan legs, while I take another sip. I was trying to hide that from you, too obvious, I ask. She bites down on her lower lip and dances to the beat of the music pounding against my ear. She turns around and grinds her ass against me. Im usually not one for dancing but something about the combination of a hot girl grinding her ass against me and beer make me. We dance for, oh I dont know because I kept drinking and drinking.
I open my eyes. I shield them from the sunlight shining brightly into the room.  I notice that Im lying down on pink colored sheets. I turn to my side. Kayla is completely naked on her stomach next to me. At first I was confused to how I got here as I thought I was in my home, in my bed. I slide out of the blanket and out of the bed slowly, so I dont wake Kayla up. Im finally out; I pick up and put on my clothes lying on the floor. Pa-pa-pancakes, Kayla says in her sleep. Yeah, yeah pancakes, I say and head out of her room to find the bathroom. Bodies are scattered everywhere, some just waking up confused to where they are, others are holding their heads in pain. I fumble my way through the sleeping bodies lying on the floor and make my way to the bathroom. I close the bathroom door behind me. I turn around and jump slightly as I didnt notice someone sleeping next to the toilet bowl. I go up to him, and gently shake his body. There is an empty clear zip lock bag on the bathroom floor next to him. Written on it in black marker, reads Xer, JF.  I shake him again in an attempt to wake him up, but he doesnt respond. I turn his lifeless body around on his back. His eyes are open and expressionless. He is dead.  Instantly, I reach for my cell phone in my pocket and dial 9-1-1.
7
And you sure the bag had Xer and JF written on it, Leo asks rubbing his hand through his hair. Yes Im sure thats what was written. Leo is going over his speech notes while we wait behind the auditorium stage while Bruce Sneel delivers his to the student body. I watch as Bruce delivers his speech. He is wearing a black buttoned down that isnt buttoned all the way, exposing his hairy chest with a gold medallion around his neck.  He is not like Leo with his instant likeability, there is something about him that doesnt seem right. Leo did tell me he is in the pocket of Joey Fontane and his gang. The vast, dimly lit auditorium fills with forced applause as Bruce concludes his speech. Bruce nudges me as he passes. I watch him exit through the backstage exit doors not even bothering to stay around for Leos speech. Leo crosses the stage, steps up to the podium, head high, showing no fear.
Today, my fellow classmates is a great day. A new year is upon us, and with a new year comes a new beginning. This school like the world outside these walls does not belong to the corrupt but to the righteous. This school belongs to each and every one of us, as we bond with others making lifelong friends, experiencing, finding out whom we truly are, so when we leave this school behind and enter the world out there we are prepared. We get up every morning, we learn, we grow. Thats the underlying purpose for why we are all here in this school together.  But my fellow students, there is dark cloud hanging above us all. Out of fear we have given the keys to this school to the corrupt and the evil that walk through our hallways. I stand here today telling you there is nothing to fear as we confront this darkness together. Together we will bring a stop to the corrupt. Together and only together we accomplish this. Together.
Applause that is louder than the forced applause after Bruces speech ring throughout the vast auditorium. Others stand up, clap and whistle. I feel uplifted and applaud along with them. Leo heads toward me. Follow me, he tells me. I follow him around paths that despite two months at the school I do not recognize. This doesnt surprise me. The school is massive and a world of its own. Also my classes are all in one general area of the school.
After so many left turns, right turns, flights of stairs I lose all sense of direction. The hallways become more isolated, another part of the school long forgotten. Students are scattered in a torn apart hallway we turn in. Some are chewing on some substance; others are shooting a powdery substance up their nose. Who are these people, I ask Leo. Some of these people are lab rats for drugs that Joey Fontane and his gang distribute through this school, some of these test subjects are transfer and foreign students that saw no other path, but to help the very one that put them in the position they were in to begin with. Others are junkies that will do anything for a quick high. What exactly are they testing? Powerful addictive drugs that will make anyone a buyer for a long, long time, Leo answers. I nearly trip over pieces of missing tile. These people look so helpless, trapped inside their own bodies, crying out for help. I notice a fellow student with a colorful mohawk through the center of his head, with blood shot eyes protecting whatever he is holding in his hand. 
This is depressing, I comment. Its why we need to change things around here. Yeah I could just forget that this evil and corruptness exist, but I cant. I cant live in my fake little world and pretend everything around me is okay when its not, says Leo.  I know, I say as we head back to the part of the school that hasnt been forgotten.
8          
I walk along the path full of colorful fallen leaves on a brisk fall afternoon day. I enter the shaking bar. Its crowded, so I sit at the first available booth I spot. A waitress comes to take my order. A bacon cheese burger and chocolate shake, I say. Scanning the crowd I see Victoria on the opposite side of the room sitting with another man. I stare watching her movements, her beauty. I notice she is not drinking her usual chocolate shake. It looks like one of the more exotic flavor shakes. I miss her so much. Maybe I should say hi to her. Whats the harm in saying hi to someone I have known for a while. I notice her laugh at something the guy sitting with her says and decide against it. My food comes. I continue watching her while I eat.  
Eventually, I see her leave without the guy. I get up from my booth and decide to go meet the guy she was sitting with. Mind if I sit, I ask quietly. Nah bro go ahead, whats up, he says while I sit down in the seat across from him in the booth. That girl I saw you with, shes pretty cute, I say. Not the best piece of ass, but you take what you can. Shes a freshman too, he says. What does that mean, I ask curiously. He laughs, gets up from his seat. You know, he says getting money out of his wallet. No I dont but I nod my head to go along with it. Nice meeting you man, he says while he heads for the exit leaving me alone in the booth. 
I walk back home in the dark, cool, fall night. It feels peaceful outside. The calm before winter I think. Though I moved on, I have not truly moved on from Victoria. I only move on because its impossible to just stay still. The calendar flips to a new month reminding me that the world around me moves on. But me myself I have not. Victoria is a part of me that I cannot detach from. When I think of detaching myself and simply try forgetting about her, a deep sadness overwhelms me and I cannot. So moved on from Victoria, I have not. I feel like I never will.             
Its the beginning of the week; November is on the horizon and the winner of the Student Body President will be announced. Leo represents a positive change for the school while Bruce represents the very corrupt we hope to defeat. Mrs. Snow walks into the classroom for the start of class.  
Principal Burns storms into the classroom, startling me in the process. He surveys the classroom. He walks toward an unsuspecting kid, and demand he hands over his cell phone. Why, the kid asks. Principal Burns paces up and down the classroom, rubbing his chin. Cell phones are NOT to be used during classes, he shouts. I wasnt using my cell phone, the kid says angrily. Principal Burns places his hand out in another attempt to get the kid to hand over his cell phone. The kid sighs and eventually gives up his cell phone. Principal Burns exits in faster than normal speed, slamming the classroom door behind him. 
Mrs. Snow asks I stay as the rest of the class gathers their belongings for next period. Kayla smiles at me as she leaves the classroom, fixing her hair with her free hand not occupied with books. 
He doesnt appreciate me, Mrs. Snow starts before I could sit in the chair I place near her desk. I sit there shaking my head in disapproval. You dont have to be afraid to get out of this relationship if youre unhappy. She bites down on her lower lip and slides her hand slowly up my leg. Tell me everythings going to be okay. I stroke her long blonde hair with my left hand while I kiss her check, then her lips. I want to show her that there is nothing to be afraid of, that she doesnt have to be so sad. I get up from my chair to head to my second period class. I turn around before leaving. I notice tears rush down her face. I want to so badly console her and comfort her, but instead I leave her.
Leo paces the torn apart floor in the abandoned classroom thats getting darker and darker as each day gets cloudier as it gets closer to winter. Tomorrow is a big day not just for us, but for the entire school, he says. I lean against the front desk looking at him. Youre going to do great things for this school. That I do mean. Leo is a natural born leader that the school could rally behind. We, he says. We will accomplish many great things.     
I examine the shelve in front of me at the local grocery store picking up a few items my mother forgot while she waits in the car for me. Why dont you come over anymore, I barely hear. I look down from the store shelves and holding a doll clutched under her right arm is Victorias young sister Brianna. I smile as a part of Victoria is looking up at me with sad, curious eyes like I have let her down. I lean down so Im even in height with her. I missed you Brianna. Then why dont you come over, she asks again. I dont know how to respond to her but Victorias mom, Barbara now stands next to Brianna. I stand up next to her, and without a second thought I hug her. I always loved Victoria as well as her family. After exchanging hugs, she holds me in front of her, scanning my face. Matts been very busy with school Brianna, he misses you very much though, Barbara says. Yes, I miss everyone, especially you Brianna. I kneel back down and give Brianna a hug. I stand there catching up with the both of them. I feel like Im the person I want to be when Im around Victoria and her family. I miss Victorias family, the family that had always welcomed me and showered me with love. I miss Victoria. 
I stand between Leo and Bruce in the backstage of the auditorium. The results of the Student Body Presidency are about to be announced. Bruce wears a black button down that shows his hairy chest with sunglasses hanging on the left collar. You really dont know what youre getting yourself into, dont you, says Bruce looking straight ahead into space. You will never be able to control the monster. And you have, Leo asks. Everything seems fine to me. Thats because you shutter your eyes and choose to ignore all the wrong. And you shutter your eyes and choose to ignore all the right, the safety of your very own classmates, Bruce snaps back. Youre willing to risk innocent lives for some transfer and foreign students, and a few junkies. You know youre the one we should fear. Youre the Sheppard leading in its blind sheep right into a war. I will not sit back and hand this school over to corrupt out of fear, Leo responds. Of course you wont, just remember youre the one that will be leaving behind a mass grave. Not me, Bruce warns.
         
9   
When Leo hears his named called as the new Student Body President, the auditorium erupts into a roar of ear-deafening applause. I smile and join in congratulating Leo on his victory. He embraces me before walking onto the stage as the new Student Body President. Leo takes in the moment, looking out into the vast array of students cheering for me. He smiles waiting for the applause to settle down.
Today is an historic day. The future members of this school, whom will be sitting in the very seats you sit it in today, the very hallways you walk today, will look back at this day. As this is the day we said no. No to the corrupt affecting our lives! No to ignoring the mistreatment of our fellow students! Yes, ladies and gentleman Im referring to the mistreatment of transfer and foreign student who came to this school for a chance to make something of themselves and to better themselves. We have let this occur at our school for way too long. Blame you, I do not for fear could drive us to forget and care about others for the safety of ours. As your Student Body President I assure you those days are now over, there is no need to fear because today we are one. Thank you and god bless.
Bruce leaves out the back exit, no longer the Student Body President. Leo set out what he wanted to accomplish. The school has put their faith in him, not in the corrupt. 
Leo and I walk down the abandoned section of the school transfer and foreign students used to occupy during the school day. Why dont you want to clean this part of the school, I ask. It reminds me that my real task is not done, Leo replies. 
I sit in my third period class on a Friday, anxious for the weekend to begin. I feel my phone vibrating in my pocket, so I take my phone out of my pocket quickly to see who texted me. I get out of my chair to head to the bathroom to look at the message Kayla had sent me, so Principal Burns doesnt catch me. Once in the bathroom I look the message on my phone.  It reads Hey babe what are you doing later. Nothing planned, you, I text back. I get a quick response, Come to my house tonight, parents not home until Sunday. Okay, I send back. Again a quick response, Cant wait, love you. Loves me? What exactly was going on here? I dont know how to respond, so I dont. Besides Ill see her soon. 
I dont know what to expect when I go to Kaylas, but I decide to go. I text her to let her know Im at her house. 
Hey, Kayla says opening the door to let me. Hey, how has it been since you know, I ask as I step into the house. I try not to think about it, she answers as she hugs me. Not everything was so bad that night, she finishes as she locks eyes with mine. You have amazing eyes, she says as she leans in to kiss me. 
I sit in her living room couch waiting for her as she gets beer from her refrigerator in the other room. She enters the living room. I hope Yeller Light is fine. It is, I respond. This is different from the last time I was over. I have one beer, she has one, and we are talking, scratching the surface of whom we really are. Although it feels like the beginning of my relationship with Victoria, that is not a bad thing. I like that Im connecting with another person, getting to know them. When Kayla first came up to me and talked to me on my first day of high school I didnt believe I had a chance despite the fact I used to be with Victoria, but now I dont even think about it. 
After an hour or two of drinking and getting to know each other, we decide to watch a movie on Netflix. She cuddles with me in a blanket as we watch a comedy. Half way through the movie, I come to a realization of where I am. A beautiful girl that isnt Victoria, that I didnt know three months ago cuddled against me. I look at her, and I feel bad for my past self believing that there was nothing out there without Victoria. I loved Victoria, but Im beginning to fall for Kayla.
The next morning Kayla drives us to diner for breakfast. We talk and laugh like we have known each other all our lives. There was no question about it, I was in fact falling for Kayla as the images and memories of Victoria were placed on the wayside.   
10
You have a girlfriend, Mrs. Snow asks. I smile. Kayla and I have been sitting next to each other in class now, have been hanging out with each other more, but we havent actually given it a title. Dont think I havent noticed you two. I see the way you look at her, she says rubbing her hand up and down my leg. God, I wish someone looked at me the way you look at her, Mrs. Snow says unhappily. Do you think Im attractive? Yes, I say without hesitating. She smiles and sits on my lap, her face facing mine. Tell me it again. Youre very pretty. 
You have amazing eyes, she says before kissing me on my lips. I kiss her back. I cant handle it anymore. I give in to my sexual desire and lift up her shirt. She begins to take off mine. The thought and images of Kayla pop into my head and my sexual desire for Mrs. Snow settles. I cant, I say while unlocking the classroom door, leaving Mrs. Snow behind without looking back.
Todays the day, Leo says to me as I enter the abandoned classroom. Today we make our first move. What do you mean, I ask. I wanted to wait until I was President, so I knew the school was behind me. That Pyramid Company truck is not just delivering food. Its smuggling in and out Fontanes drugs. Are you sure about this, I ask. Yes, he responds.
 I try to keep up with Leo as we attempt to get to the pickup zone in the back of the school before the trucks arrival. 
We wait outside hidden in bushes in the cool November air. I hear the sound of the truck getting closer, and I see it park. We wait until a white male wearing a black knit winter hat gets out of the truck. Leo and I appear in front of the man from the bushes as he lifts open the back of the truck. I cant tell if hes nervous because he didnt expect anyone to come out of the bushes or because hes about to get caught. How you gentlemen doing today, he asks taking boxes out of the truck. Whats in those boxes you got in there, Leo asks. The man continues doing his job unpacking the truck. Ahh you know the usual chicken, burgers, pizza.  He puts down the last package from the truck down. Could I help you with something, the confused man asks. Leo takes out a box cutter from his pants pocket. He opens all the boxes. What is this, Leo asks holding a clear zip lock bag with orange powder substance. I have no idea what that is, the man responds. How does 15 years in detention sound. You tell us everything and Ill make sure you dont spend a second in detention. You have no idea what youre doing kid. Put down the bag and walk away, and well all get on with our lives, the man says. Leo stares the man down.  The man stares back and takes off. He runs into the school from the back entrance. Leo and I follow behind. We chase the man in the kitchen of the cafeteria. I come to a halt when I notice ladies in school cafeteria uniforms packaging what appears to be more orange powder on the counter tables. A drug lap and operation right in my own school. Im disappointed and angry in what Im witnessing. 
I got him by the way, shouts Leo. I walk toward Leo whose sitting on his knees on the man responsible for carrying out the smuggling. Get that radio from that table and call the hall monitors down here, he demands me.
Leo and I follow the hall monitors as they transport the delivery man and lunch ladies to the detention cell.  The detention cell is made up of cell blocks with one desk screwed to the floor facing out. The delivery man sits in the desk staring at us as we stare right back. Youre going to be in there for a very long time unless you tell us about your operation. That goes for you too ladies says Leo. Leo walks down the aisle of cell blocks. No one says anything. Leo storms out. I follow. We dont need them anyway, he tells me while we walk through the hallways. 
11
Mrs. Snow asks me to stay after class again. People are going to start getting suspicious if you continue to ask me to stay after, I say. Are you happy, she asks while Im pulling a chair up to her desk. With that girl, she adds. Yes, I like being with her. So people could be happy in their relationships, she asks. Of course, I respond. I want a fresh start, a chance to redo my life. Tears gradually stroll down her cheek. I would tell her again that she doesnt have to be so sad, but I have told her that many times and it seems to have not registered with her. Why dont you believe me when I say you dont have to be in your unhappy relationship, I ask. She wipes the tears from her eyes. Im sorry I brought you into my misery, you dont care about my pathetic life. It was nice having someone to listen to me though. I thank you for that. Mrs. Snow I care about you, but you dont want to do anything about it, and. Please leave, she interrupts me. She turns away from me, so I get up and head for my next class. 
Lets see if anybody is in a mood to talk today, Leo tells me as I walk in to meet him in the abandoned classroom. We make our way through the school halls toward the detention cells. 
 This is the last time I ask. Leo stops in his tracks while looking into a cell block. I catch up to him to see why he stopped. The lunch ladies and delivery man for the Pyramid Company who all assisted in running the drug operation in the school are dead. Blood drips to the floor from the mouth of one of the lunch ladies. Her wide dead eyes stare back at me. Leo advances deeper into the detention room while I stand in shock. I have never seen anything like what Im witnessing outside of television before. Mikes dead, Leo informs me. I turn in his direction. Mike, I ask. The hall monitor on watch, he says. Blood covers the concrete floor in each of the occupied cell blocks. I rub my forehead. I need to go, I tell Leo. 
I lay in my bed talking on my cell phone to Kayla. After natural silence in talking with her a part of me wants to tell her what I witnessed today. I want to tell someone how I feel before my feelings overwhelm me. Another part of me is scared. Scared because the connection is clear who is responsible. Joey Fontane. There is no question that Leo and I now have gotten the attention of a monster. I want to protect Kayla from this harsh reality, so I decide not to tell her anything. I love you too, I say back to Kayla before ending the call. I slip out of my bed and look out my window as snow flurries float in the cool night air. The street lights outside illuminate the sidewalks. Its 10 pm and outside is silent. I imagine moms and dads lying in their beds holding hands under their warm blankets watching television, readying themselves for another day. I imagine the younger ones sleeping comfortably in their beds dreaming of faraway places. I close my curtains, shut my light and slide myself under my own warm blanket and let my dreams take me to another reality. 
I talk to Kayla before my first period class begins. I hear the door open, but it isnt Mrs. Snow. Instead Principal Burns and Assistant Principal James walk in. The class goes silent and looks at them. Students there is no easy way to say this, Mrs. Snow was reported dead last night. It was said to have been a suicide, Principal James tells us. The class is so silent I hear the sound of my own heart beat. Guidance counselors are always available if you want to talk, Principal Burns adds. We were unable to get a substitute teacher due to the timing, so you may stay here and complete any work that you have until second period or you could go to the gym. Again were sorry to have to inform you of this tragic news. She was a valuable member of this school, Principal James says. 
I stand in the distance shivering in the cold air. I lean against the fence squinting. I barely make out who looks to be Mrs. Snows husband with a boy and a girl that both look around the age of four or five. Because of me that little boy and girl will never have their mother growing up. Im filled with guilt. I watch the ceremony occasionally wiping wet snow from my eyes. I should have done more. I should have never left her. It was ten minutes of my life. I should have just continued to listen to her. I shouldnt have upset her by pushing her. She was so young, so beautiful with her flowing blonde hair, but always a sadness about her. Her sad face is imprinted in my brain. I may have not technically done anything wrong, but Im no hero either. I will now always be filled with this regret. That is the one thing that I do know. I watch her family and friends leave the area when the ceremony is over. I lean my head against the fence. Mrs. Snow Im so sorry. I pray that you find the happiness that you deserve. I let the tears slide down my face.          
Its the last day of school before Thanksgiving break. Leo is talking to me about a revolution to bring down Joey Fontane in our usual meeting spot in the abandoned classroom. We need to show Joey Fontane and his gang that together as a united school we will not easily bend. A loud bang and rumble of the floor beneath alert us both. What the fuck is going on, I ask. Leo runs out of the classroom. We follow the shouts and screams of terror. Im afraid of what just happened. Judging from the screams and shouts I fear the worst. A dark cloud of smoke is seen coming from inside the cafeteria. I look around at the students around us. Their faces are bloodied and severely burned. I step over fingers and limps to get a look inside the cafeteria and notice that the roof at the other end is destroyed. Shouts come every direction.  The cafeteria has the appearance of a warzone. Leo and I attempt to assist the students severely injured into the nurses office for assistance. I look inside the cafeteria once more. There are dead bodies scattered all over. Chaos has arrived with a message from Joey Fontane, giving the student body something to ponder over during Thanksgiving break. 
I feel relieved when I see Victoria walking to her bus at the end of the day. I was fortunate the ones close to me did not die in the explosion. 60 fellow students are dead however, with over 100 in critical condition. The cause of the explosion is not yet known. That is only by technicality though because I know, Leo knows, and the rest of student body knows who was behind the attack. Joey Fontane either because Leo and I put a stop to his drug smuggling and drug lap or because he wants to crush the spirit of the school that believes together could defeat him, or maybe both.   
         12
Before I left the school for Thanksgiving break I took from the main office Joey Fontanes file. Inside the file listed an address. Im now on my way to that address. I didnt tell Leo about what I was planning to do. I need to know more about Joey Fontane. 
How long are you going to be, Steves older brother asks. I dont know. I appreciate you driving me, I say handing him thirty dollars. I dont want your money. I put the thirty dollars back in my pocket. I didnt think he would take it. 
Try to be quick though. The roads are getting bad and its Thanksgiving, he says. I know, I say before closing the car door behind me. The house is small in size, and in terrible condition.  I leave a trail of footprints behind me on the snow covered driveway. 
I knock on the front door. I hear someone inside, but no one answers the door, so I knock again. This time an old lady opens the door just enough so I could see her face. Yes, she asks. Is Joey Fontane here? The old lady looks at me. The snow is really coming down, come on in. She opens the door allowing me in. I close the front door behind be. The sound of the loud television startles me. An old, chubby shirtless man sits in his wheelchair four feet away from the television. The old lady limps slowly into her kitchen. The house is small but fitting for an older couple. I sit down on the couch in front of me. The old lady hands me a mug with steam coming out of it. Here have some hot chocolate. I take the mug and take a sip with both hands. Where is Joey, I ask after my first sip. He doesnt come here anymore, she responds. She walks over to a table with numerous picture frames. She picks one and hands it to me. I look at it. The boy in the picture looks around 6 years old. Are you his mother, I ask over the sound of the television. Oh no, poor kid lost both parents in a car accident when he was just 4 years old. I take another sip of the hot chocolate.  How are you related to him? All I really know is that no one in his family wanted to take responsibility for him. So he was put up for adoption, the old lady answers. I notice her eyes get redder. I cant imagine how it must feel when your own family wont take you in. He started acting up when he realized that, she says while rubbing her eyes. You did nothing wrong, I know deep down inside he loves you more than he hates his family. 
She nods and smiles at me. Would you like to have Thanksgiving here, she asks me. I appreciate it, but I must be getting back to my family, and the roads are starting to get bad. I get up from the couch as the old lady leads me to the door. Anytime you want to talk just come over, she says. I will, Happy Thanksgiving. 
Steves brother drives cautiously on the snowy roads. The snow is coming down faster than before. Thank you, have a good Thanksgiving. Tell Steve Happy Thanksgiving too, I say. No problem I will. I close the car door behind me and walk slowly toward my front door so as not to slip in the snow. I brush myself off and join my mom, dad, sister back from college, and dog in the family room. 
13
How was your break, Leo asks. Short, I say. I know how that is. It seems we spend all this time preparing for the holidays and then it goes by so fast. How do we respond to the attack, I ask changing the subject. Well first we make certain that the student body is still behind us. Why wouldnt they support bringing down the man they know is responsible for the attack? May I ask you Matt to go inside Fontanes mind, and tell me why you believe he attacked in the first place? I believe it was retaliation for bringing down his drug operation and to send a message. He wants the student body to go at war with itself. To crush any believe that we could bring him and his gang down once and for all. See Matt he knows that together he inevitably will lose the battle against a collected school, Leo says. 
The student body waits restlessly in the vast auditorium for their Student Body President to reassure them. Leo walks onto the stage with a blue suit and matching tie, black hair greased back. 
On the last day before our recent Thanksgiving break, our high school, your high school was attacked. Many of our fellow classmates, friends and loved ones are still recovering from critical conditions. And many have fallen victim to the attack in the cafeteria, disrupting what should have been a joyous break with our families. We all sit here today in mourning, many grieving the ones we lost in the attack knowing who was responsible for it. Joey Fontane was behind the attack. His motives to scare us from rising against him, but we will not bend or concede to a man who will kill so easily. We will bring justice to the innocent lives that were lost.
Moderate applause fills the auditorium as Leo walks toward me in the back stage.
The next day I walk the hallways toward the abandoned classroom to meet Leo. I walk in to 5 other male students and 1 female student surrounding Leo in a circle. They all turn to me when they hear me come in. Whats going on, I ask to no one in particular. Matt I want you to meet Nick, Jason, Collin, Charlie, Marcus, and the very lovely Olivia, Leo says while each one acknowledges me with a nod when their name is called. Hello, I say to them. Why are they here, I ask Leo. Hey man were on your side, Marcus tells me. This is our assembled team in an attempt to assassinate Fontane. Fontane believes he is protected in what he has made his own part of the school, Leo informs me. I pull Leo to the side. What are we doing here, I ask Leo so only he could hear. It has to be done. We would be sending them on a suicide mission and you know it, I snap. 
We need to know what security we are dealing with before we send more than these 6. They will be wearing hidden cameras so we have an idea. Trust me they know what they are getting themselves into, but they also know that Fontane needs to be stopped. So whats the plan, I ask the group of brave students in front of me.  
I cant believe you never heard of this place, I tell Kayla. We both sit at a booth at the shaking bar. I really havent, thanks for taking me here, Kayla says taking another sip out of her chocolate peanut butter marshmallow shake. I enjoy spending time with Kayla. She distracts me from the pain and the fear that consumes me while at school. 
14
Sara Parker, I shout from a bench on her front porch. She looks at me probably curious to what Im doing waiting for her. I rub my hands together as to warm them from the frigid December weather. Yes, she says. Joey Fontane. What about him, she asks. So you still remember him. He was frequent visitor of mine during his elementary school years. You mind if I come inside. This weather, I say. She opens the front door. I dont think so, she says closing the front door in front of me. I stop the door from closing with my foot. Sarah, I promise I wont take too much of your time. She gives up and signals for me to come inside. She takes a seat on her couch, so I do the same. Please tell me about him. As his guidance counselor you must know something about him. Yes and as a guidance counselor I have an ethical code to follow. Sarah, just tell me about him. Thats all.
He was a quieter kid around other students. Rarely shared or talked much to anybody. He would always talk to me though. Sarah rubs both her eyes with the palms of her hands. He was such a sweet kid, but I always saw the burden he carried in his eyes. The burden from his parents and not being wanted by anybody in his family, I say. She nods her head in agreement. I would just talk to him; let him know that there are people that care about him. I notice her eyes are red with dried up tears. You cared about him, I say. I was the only one that really related with him. Did you have a relationship with him, I ask going with a hunch. She looks up at me in astonishment. Did you, I repeat. Not one in which you are implying. We confided in each other thats all. Did you love him? Please leave I told you all that I could say.
Believing that I wasnt going to get any more information from her I get up from the couch and leave. I walk down her driveway shivering. I hear the front door open and I turn around. Why did you want to know about him, Sara asks me. I want to know who Im dealing with, I shout so she could hear me from the distance between us. I turn around again for the last time as I continue down her driveway.               

          15
Each of you will have a camera attached to you. What each of you see will be shown and recorded on these televisions, Leo says pointing to the televisions sitting on the desk in front of him. Lets fucking go, Marcus shouts. Leo gets up from his chair and walks across the room, and unlocks a closet with a key.  The closet is full of weapons. Here are your weapons, Leo says opening the closet. He hands a pistol to each of the brave students willing to go on this mission to bring down Joey Fontane. He also hands each one smoke grenades and explosive grenades along with extra clips of pistol ammo. Remember the plan, each take your respective routes into the compound and converge in the center of the compound, and find and kill Joey Fontane. The team gets amped up. 
Do you hear me? I repeat do you hear me, Leo asks through a tiny microphone clutched in his right hand. Each team member confirms that their ear pieces are indeed working. Leo pulls Marcus aside while the others are gearing up, preparing themselves for the upcoming mission. Marcus who must lead them, Leo tells him. Marcus, a built black male with buzzed hair nods his head in agreement. Gentlemen.  And ladies, Olivia interrupts Marcus. Yes and ladies move out, Marcus tells his team. 
I follow Leo to the desk with the televisions on them. We watch the team make its way through the massive school to Fontanes compound. The team disperses in different directions. From the televisions I see Marcus and Nick are the only ones not going through the vents. We are going to surround the room, Leo tells me with his eyes focusing from one television to the next. Marcus and Nick take opposite sides of the hallway leading to the entrance of Fontanes compound. Front is in position, I repeat front in position, Marcus says in almost a whisper through his headset. I saw around 5 guys guarding the entrance Nick, Marcus says. Copy that, Nick responds. Hold until my word, I repeat hold until my word, Leo demands. Copy, says Marcus. Copy, says Nick. Copy, says Olivia. Copy, says Jason. Copy, says Collin. Copy, says Charlie. 
Finally everyone informs Leo that they are in their position and ready. Mission is a go, Leo says. Marcus and Nick surprise the five guards guarding the front and take them out with ease and head inside. Once inside there is more resistance. They take cover behind a desk. Joey Fontanes compound is decorated with many fine furnishings. Not what I expected the compound to look like. Instead it resembles a successful office lobby you would see in a city. Nice set up he got, I say out loud. Leo turns to look at me before turning his attention back to the televisions. From the televisions I notice the team has the room surrounded. Sounds of firing guns ring through my headset. Finally the sound stops. Marcus steps over dead bodies in the center of the room. No sign of Fontane, he says. Please dont shoot, an unarmed man lifts his arms up. Hold fire, Leo shouts through the headset. Do you know him, I ask Leo. Thats Jerry Manual, one of the smartest kids in this school.
 Search the rest of the compound for Fontane, and come back to base with that unarmed man unharmed, Leo demands through the headset. Copy that, Marcus says. What the fuck is he doing there, Leo mumbles to himself. I watch Marcuss television. He walks to other rooms searching for Fontane. If hes not there, then where is he, I ask Leo. I dont know.  We need to go more armed men will surely come, Jerry tells the team while Olivia holds his arms behind his back. I hear a gun shot through my headset. There are more armed men coming. Shit no sign of anybody else but we got resistance on the way, blocking the front door, Marcus tells Leo. Copy, your new mission is to get Jerry safely back, I need to know what he knows, Leo says. Leave through the vents you came from, Ill hold them off, Marcus shouts.  Everyone looks at him for a moment. Go. Fucking go, he shouts. The resistance has arrived and Marcus fires his pistol from behind cover while the rest of team safely enter the vents they broke in from leaving Marcus alone to fight an entire army. Marcus is successfully maneuvering around the room, finding cover behind furnishings and killing targets. The resistance keeps coming though. Marcus is out of ammo. He slides his pistol away in frustration and takes out his explosive grenade. The room explodes in front of him. He now has time to make a run for the vents.
Everyone has survived the mission. The bad news is Joey Fontane wasnt in the compound he was thought to be in. The only thing gotten out of the mission is a man named Jerry, thought to be one of the smartest in the school by Leo.
Olivia pushes Jerry into the room. Leo sees the rest of the team arriving and gets up from his chair. He studies the prisoner closely. Marcus arrives last. The rest of the team gives him a head nod, glad that he is still alive. 
This shit is crazy. All that security in there and hes not even in there, Marcus says tossing his headset to the side. Take a seat Jerry, Leo demands. I pull up a chair for him to sit in. What the fuck were you doing in Joey Fontanes compound. We are all in danger, Jerry frantically yells. Calm down Jerry and explain yourself. I was there working on a weapon. A weapon that could kill us all, Jerry says taking off his glasses wiping sweat from his forehead. This weapon will blanket the entire school from the air vents in the ceilings throughout the school. Im sorry Im not making any sense. This weapon will spread orange vapor through the air vents, and anyone who breathes it in will become addicted to Fontanes orange drug or whatever street name they had given it. Whoever breathes in this orange vapor will become severely weakened with their entire body system dependent on this drug, in essence making them a constant buyer of Fontanes new drug. If the drug is not consumed they will die. In how much time Im not sure, but they eventually will die within 1 or 2 weeks at the most, Jerry tells us. Get the fuck out of here, Olivia says out loud. Jerry, are you telling me you helped built this weapon, Leo asks. No Im telling you I did build it. Why would you do this Jerry? I dont know, Jerry looks down at the floor panicky.     
Leo pounds his fist forcefully onto his desk. Is the weapon ready to be used at this moment, Marcus asks. Its in the testing stages, but yes I do believe it works. I was working on it today downstairs. I came upstairs to leave to gun fire all around me, Jerry says. Well thats just too bad for you. Ill send you flowers in the mail you fucking idiot, Marcus says angrily. What do you mean downstairs, I ask. Everyone turns in my direction then back at Jerry. Yeah I dont remember seeing a downstairs, Olivia says. In the center of the room there is code pad, once the correct code is entered the small circular hidden elevator goes down, Jerry answers. So you know how to get to the weapon, and destroy it, Leo asks Jerry. Yes there is a way to turn off the reactor to the weapon. There is only one side effect of doing that. And what is that, Leo asks. The reactor will explode and set off bombs throughout the school, as the weapon extends through the schools air vents, Jerry answers. Its a dam suicide mission and we need to clear the school before attempting it, Marcus says pointing out the obvious.    
Leo talks to the rest of the team about a strategy about how to deal with the weapon that would make anyone who breathes in its vapor dependent on Fontanes drug and if they dont comply ultimately will die. Why did you do it, I ask Jerry standing next to him. No reason is good enough to explain my actions. I nod in agreement. There is nothing he could say to justify what he did. I stand reflecting on the situation around me and am startled when I hear shouts coming from the hallways. All of us including Jerry enter the hallway to orange vapor coming toward us down the hallway from the left. Leo runs down the opposite end of the hall and pulls the fire alarm. The sound of it rings through my ears. Marcus fires rounds into the grimy window in the classroom. The window shatters and the cool December air chills me. We make our way outside through the now shattered window. We run through the snow covered grass only slowing when were a safe enough distance away from the school. We make it to the front of the building with other members of the student body. I notice some students crawling on the ground, shaking. Jerry points to one of them and tells me he is affected by the weapon. I have to go back in and destroy it, Leo says frantically. Ill go too, youre going to need my help in destroying it, Jerry says. Leo nods in agreement. Ill go too, youre going to need someone with a good shot, Marcus says. The rest of you stay here Matt is going to need you, Leo says before anyone else volunteers for the suicide mission.
 Marcus talks with the rest of his team for the last time. Jerry stands by himself ready to die destroying the weapon he helped create. This school is going to need you more than ever. Promise me that you will finish what we started and not let Joey Fontane scare you or the rest of the student body into giving in, Leo asks of me. I promise, I tell him assuredly. It was a pleasure meeting you, he says extending his hand. He turns to Marcus, are you ready. Yes. Marcus takes the pistols and clips still in the teams procession and hands some to Leo. Marcus turns to look at his team and I one last time with a smile on his face. Leo, determined to destroy the weapon doesnt turn around. Soon they are gone from sight as they make their way back into building. I will know if they succeed in destroying the weapon by the explosions that follow. I look around at the student body that was able to make it out to the front of the building. I notice the ones affected by the weapon and call an ambulance. I check my phone; I received a message from Kayla asking if Im okay. I text her back telling her Im alright. She tells me she is on the left side of the building, so I go there to meet her. I see Victoria talking with her friends and I feel relieved that she is okay. Kayla sees me first and hugs me from behind. 
I thought I lost you, she says. While we share a passionate kiss I hear the chain reaction of explosions go off in the school letting me know that Fontanes weapon was destroyed.             
16
I sit in a chair next to Steve lying on his hospital bed. Many fellow classmates were affected by the orange vapor they inhaled. Many of them are about die; others were able to pay a premium price for Fontanes drugs to keep them alive longer. The drugs will keep them alive, but they never will be the same people they were. Steve decided he didnt want to rely on Fontanes drugs to keep him alive, so Steve lies in the hospital bed on Christmas Eve prepared for deaths arrival. His family enters the hospital room. I get up from my chair to apologize to them about the situation that confronts them. Im so sorry, I say standing alongside Steves older brother. He just stares at his younger brother not taking his eyes off of him. You didnt do anything, just make sure Fontane pays for what he has done, he finally says. He wont get away with it. Ill make sure of it, I say. He smiles. Good.
Im seated on my living room couch near the Christmas tree. My dog lays his head on my lap as I pet him. My sister and I wait for my parents to come in from the kitchen. I remember when Christmas used to be a magical day. As I have gotten older though the day feels like any other day, and the happiness on Christmas doesnt come as easy as it used to. Today especially I dont feel like celebrating, not after everything that has been happening around me. People are dying or have already died, and I made a promise to Leo that I will continue what we started, but I struggle in how to go about that promise. My parents enter the living room in their pajamas with a cup of coffee in their hand. 
My mom hands me a present from under the tree. She still writes from Santa on the presents. 
Later, while my mom and dad are in the kitchen I go outside to walk my dog. My dog and I walk on the sidewalk that is barely covered with snow. With light flurries getting in my eyes I take out my phone to call Kayla to wish her a happy holiday. 
Back from Holiday break with the New Year upon us, I sit in my first period class to start the new semester. My teacher turns on the television for the mourning announcements.      
Good morning fellow students, Im Brandon and to my right the beautiful Sage. A lot happened during our holiday break. First, our very own Principal Burns was arrested for stealing cell phones and reselling them on his own personal eBay account. Later today our new Student Body President will hold a press conference in the auditorium, Sage says.
The television screen goes blank and cuts to Olivia, Nick, Collin, Charlie, and Jason. The members of the team sent on the mission to kill Fontane. They are tied with hands behind back to chairs with a manila rope. Hello students. Its Joey Fontane. He wears messy, uncombed brown hair with a black undershirt. He tosses a combat knife between his hands. He goes behind Olivias chair. You nave, stupid people talk about how you could bring me down. I just cant allow this type of behavior from you. He slides the blade of his knife lightly across Olivia face. If this continues, more of your fellow classmates will. He sticks the blade of the knife into Olivias heart. Blood pours from her mouth. Die, he finishes. I look around at the students in the classroom as they look at the television in fear. Your former President is dead. My fellow students its your duty to make sure youre new one doesnt continue to wage a war against me risking your own lives in the process. I look at the television one last time and storm out of the classroom. 
Tough viewing, says a man clutching a hand gun in his right hand in the abandoned classroom. Relax Im not here to kill you, he says placing his gun on the desk in front of him. You know I never been to this part of the school. I guess thats what makes it such a good spot. Its where the transfers and foreign students would stay, while Joey Fontane took away their most important right, education. No one stood up to the cruelty and the wrong that was going on because we were all scared and choose to ignore what was happening. We fooled ourselves into thinking that everything was fine, because we were safe, so transfer and foreign students seeing no other path ended up in Fontanes system, supporting the very man who put them in that desperate position, I say. The man interrupts me, I dont need any convincing against Fontane the guy is evil, and will do anything for control over this school. Why are you here, I ask. Youre going to need a little protection from other students who will be after you after todays little threat or even from Fontane and his gang themselves. Either way youre going to need protection, he says. What is your name? How rude of me, names Colt, he extends his hand out.         
Colt and I walk through the hallways heading to the backstage of the auditorium for me to deliver my first speech as Student Body President. Tell me about yourself, Colt asks as we weave through the halls. Not much to say, Im just a normal kid. You have a girlfriend, he asks. I do. What about you? I did but now I dont.  I open the backstage door. Do you really think one of my fellow classmates will try to kill me, I ask. I dont know, but I do know its a real possibility. I walk onto the stage nervously with Colt walking alongside me, handgun hidden from sight. 
Earlier this morning we all were witnesses to Joey Fontanes wrath. The people that were murdered this mourning would not want their deaths to lead us into giving into Joey Fontanes demands. It may seem like an impossible task to keep moving forward, but paving a way to change is not easy. Were not just doing this for ourselves but for future generations who step into our school.
How do you know what the murdered victims would want, I hear someone in the audience shout. Besides the obvious reason of being murdered by him is because those brave men and women were part of an assembled team that broke into Fontanes compound with the mission of killing him. Our former President and another member of that team were responsible for destroying that orange vapor weapon that took so many lives knowing that in doing so was a suicide mission. 
So youre responsible for all of this death and destruction, people shout from different directions. No, no Joey Fontane is evil and needs to be stopped or he may never be stopped, I shout. The crowd is getting more aggressive. Colt pulls me into the backstage and we head back to the abandoned classroom. Were losing them, I tell Colt angrily. This is exactly what Leo did not want to happen, the school losing faith in whats right.
Could you blame them, they are scared look at what they been through, Colt says. And what, they dont think Im scared too. All Im saying is they are scared and looking for a way out. I need you to assemble a team that you trust to watch the hallways, and I dont know find and kill Joey Fontane, I say. Consider it done, Colt says. 
 Kayla talks about you all the time, Kaylas mom informs me at the dinner table. Mom, stop it.  I smile at Kayla and then at her mom. I take a bite of the chicken on the plate in front of me. Chicken is very good; dont tell my mom I said that though. I like her to think her cooking is the best. Kaylas mom and dad laugh, Of course, now thats a good son. Oh Kayla the letter from Sale University came in the mail today, Kaylas mom tells her scooping a spoonful of mash potatoes on her plate. Thanks mom Ill look at it later. What major are you interested in, I ask. Accounting, I like working with numbers and the stories they tell.  I know its weird. No, its not. Anyway Sale University has one of best accounting programs, so fingers cross that I get accepted. Fingers will be crossed, I say.
Kayla and I wash the dirty dishes over the kitchen sink. Thanks for coming over. I know my parents loved you. It was great to finally meet them, I say.
 Sale University, thats kind of far isnt it, I ask already knowing the answer. It is, she says. Listen I dont know what Im doing yet, so I rather not talk about it. I love you, you know. I kiss her and she kisses me back. I know you do. Whatever you decide Ill support your decision, I tell her. She smiles at me then picks up another dish in the sink to wash. 
I enter the abandoned classroom to Colt standing in front of a line of 3 girls and 5 guys. Hello Colt, how are you today, I ask. I assembled a team of trusted men and women. I see that, and what are their names, I ask in their direction. This here is Melissa, this is Caroline, this is Samantha, this is Thomas, this is Mike, this is Lance, this is Robert, and finally this Justin, Colt tells me the names going down the line. Colt takes out a map and pins it to board in front of the classroom. I have already assigned areas for each of the team to watch for any suspicious behavior, and of course to kill Joey Fontane and anyone associated with him, Colt finishes. Looks like youre ahead of the game, good work Colt. 
You were all selected because of your skill. Any information you find related to the whereabouts of Fontane you let both Colt and I know. They all tell me they understand. I walk to the map that Colt pinned to the board in the front and study each persons assigned areas of the school. We start now, go your assigned positions, I say. The assembled team departs the classroom. 
17
Ill have the chocolate shake, Colt tells the waitress. Ill have the same, I say. Colt looks at his shake when it arrives on the table and takes a sip. Now this is what a chocolate shake was meant to taste like, he tells me. Look at that stud muffin walking in. I turn around to see Victoria walking in. That girl was the first girl I loved, I share with Colt. First, he repeats. She broke up with me before the school year. 
Dam, but you told me you had a girlfriend, thats good. Some people I swear insist that there is no other girl out there they could have a relationship with after a break up with their first true girlfriend, Colt says. I admit I was one of those people, I tell Colt. Oh well at least you now know how ridiculous that is, he says. Yeah I guess so, but I will always feel that Im connected with her. Colt suddenly stops drinking his shake. I was going to propose to my first real girlfriend after this year, sometime in the summer, Colt tells me. Really, what happened there, I ask. She died in the explosion in the cafeteria. Colt reaches into his pocket and takes out a wedding ring. I stop drinking my shake and stare at it lying on the table in front of me.
I walk toward the front entrance of the school to start another day. I notice a crowd blocking the entrance. I maneuver my way through the crowd, and then I see why a crowd built up near the front entrance. A dead body severely burned hangs from a rope around his neck from the top of the door hinge. Colt notices me near the front of the entrance and assists me in getting the body down.   
I sit in my first period class. I notice others looking at me angrily. I try to focus on the words coming out of my professors mouth. I believe that the student body will turn on me, giving in to Fontanes demand. The television unsuspectedly turns on. Joey Fontane appears. He holds the shaking handheld camera close to his face. I warned you more people will get hurt. Let me make this clear. Until the new president is dead, I may see the need to blow things out of proportion. Stay tuned classmates, says Joey Fontane laughing through the television set before it goes blank. 
 Killing me wont solve anything, he just wants us to turn on each other, I say standing up. Yeah and what the fuck have you and your administration accomplished. More and more are dying every day, and what have you done, says another classmate standing up. The other classmates stand up around me in agreement. I storm out of the situation in the classroom. There he is, kill him, a mob of students shout near the end of the hallway. More and more students are getting out of their classroom crowding the hallway. Hes not responsible. Joey Fontane is, you want to give into a terrorist demand, another shouts. One student punches the jaw of another. Chaos ensues in the hallway. Fellow students and classmates are brawling against each other. A school clearly divided. Come on we have to get out here, Colt says tugging my arm. I follow running to the abandoned classroom. This is not good, not good at all, I say pacing the floor. Im a dead man. Youre not a dead man Matt, Ill get more people on our security team to watch you, Colt says. At what cost, whats the end game? My mind races with thoughts. Why is Fontane doing this, I mean why is he really doing this? Besides your motives for killing him, Colt asks. No, what is Fontanes end game. He has no real end game Matt, the guy is unstable, is evil, evil people dont have reasons or motives behind their actions. Thats what makes them so evil. 
Ah there you guys are, Colt says as his assembled team enters the classroom. The hallways are crazy right now, Melissa informs us. Robert, guard the entrance to this hallway just in case. Copy that Colt. My phone vibrates. Kayla is calling me. I answer the phone. Hello Kayla. Are you okay? I can tell she is crying. Kayla, please dont cry Im okay. Get in a safe place, you hear me. Okay, she assures me. Baby I love you but I have to go Ill talk to you later. I love you too, she says. 
Gun shots could be heard from outside in the hallway. Shit there are more coming, Robert shouts retreating into the classroom. He occasionally sticks his head from the door firing his hand gun at his fellow students in the hall. Are you killing them, I ask. I have no choice man they are trying to kill me, he yells. Lets get the fuck out of here, Colts says pointing to the shattered window. We race to the window and jump toward safety. Robert and Melissa are the last ones to exit from the window continuing to fire at students behind them. Finally, they land steadily on their feet from the 4 foot drop from the window and we all run in the snowy grass. Each of us is shivering because we were not prepared to go outside in the cool early February temperatures. 
  We make camp in the nearby woods that surround and isolate the school campus. Colt makes a fire to warm us up. This is lovely, a nice camp fire, Robert says sarcastically. We need to organize those who are on our side, the right side, Justin says warming his hands in the fire. Im sure were all against Fontane. They are just, I say before being interrupted. Just wrong, and theres nothing else to it. Youre either on the right side or the wrong side. There is no in-between, exclaims Justin. He is convinced with his opinion so I say no more.
Tomorrow, we meet here. In the mean time recruit men and women who are on our side. Matt Ill be driving you to and from school for now on, Colt says.
Colt drives with the car radio playing low. The trees branches covered with snow outside look so peaceful that I just gaze out my window while Colt drives. Could you drive me to my girlfriends, I ask. No problem, just tell me how to get there, he says. Thank you, I tell Colt before closing the car door behind me. I knock on Kaylas front door. Kayla immediately opens the door. I embrace her and hold her against me. She wipes tears from her face. I was worried about you, she says. I lift her chin so her eyes lock with mine. Im here now, I say as we share a passionate kiss. 
I wrap my arm around her as we lay in her bed. As were cuddled together in bed I admire her beauty while her eyes fight off tiredness, until eventually her eyes shut. I gently brush her hair away from her face and kiss her good night.  I sleep peacefully with the girl I love beside me. I dont want the mourning to arrive.  
18
 Colt and I arrive at the spot in the woods we made camp the day before. Over 30 men and women glance at me when we arrive. We have gotten you an army, says Justin. I see that, I say. I turn to see Colt sitting on a snow covered log observing the school ahead in the distance. Are you alright, I ask walking toward him. Ah yes just sometimes my mind wanders. I look at the school in the distance along with Colt. I will always love this school and all the memories they hold, Colt says. Colt and Matt are you coming over or what, Justin shouts. What was her name, I ask. Nicole. Colt sighs. She always made me laugh. Great sense of humor, I always loved that about her. I pat Colt on the shoulder. We should be getting back.
Colts original assembled team hands out handguns and ammo to the 30 new members of the team. Anyone who doesnt know how to use the gun in their hands please head over there, Samantha says pointing deeper into the woods where the rest of original team is. I wait while they teach the new recruits how to use their handguns. 
Okay were ready, shouts Justin. I get up wiping the snow off my pants. We decide to break off into smaller teams entering the building from different entry ways. Ill be teamed with Colt and 4 other new recruits. My team is to enter from the shattered window in the abandoned classroom. 
We silently stride through the snow covered terrain toward the shattered window. I look up from cover beneath the window and spot two male students armed with semi-automatic pistols inside. Colt takes the left side of the window while I take the right. On his signal I rise from cover at the edge of the window, aim, and then fire as I kill one of the two guards. Colt kills the other as he climbs into the classroom. He tells us to stay behind. He crosses the classroom and peeks out the door into the hallway then signals for us to enter. Im the first of the team to make my way into the abandoned classroom. Team window in position, says Colt into his headset. The other teams confirm they got our message. Very creative team name we have, says one of the new recruits. We all turn and give him a look. What Im just saying, he says.
Our team moves cautiously through the school, weaving through the halls. Colt motions for us to stop at a corner of a hallway as the voices of armed students could be heard. Colt takes a quick glance around the corner of the hall. I see around 20 or so. Get ready, he advises. On three, he says.
 One. Two. Three. We all emerge from the corner of the hallway open firing aiming at the armed students. Sounds of gun fire surround me. A smoke grenade goes off and suddenly I am blinded.  I walk further into the hall feeling the walls in an attempt to find a door knob of a classroom as the sound of guns firing persist. Disoriented I find and open a classroom door and collapse onto the floor of the empty classroom and cough and cough. I shield my eyes from the bright fluorescent lights.  
Moments later I lift myself up from the classroom floor. I hold my handgun aimed in front of me as I cautiously reenter the hall. The smoke is beginning to clear. Lifeless bodies are scattered throughout the hallway. Youre still alive, I hear Colts voice say. Down here mate. Further down the hall Colt lies with his head against the wall clutching a gun wound with both his hands. Oh shit shit shit. Somebody, anybody come in I need assistance, I shout frantically through my headset. Its over buddy. I take my shirt off and wrap it around his gun wound. 
Let me go join Nicole. Let me go Matt, Colt says. Youre going to make it. Youre going to be fine, I say with my voice cracking. A dog with a very spacious lawn because we want to invite people over for barbeques in the summer, Colt says. Nicole would have liked you Matt, you would definitely have been invited to our barbeques. Dont give up on me Colt, not now, I need you. Colts eyes close for the last time. The rest of the team or whats left of them joins me near Colt departed body moments later. He didnt make it, I say wiping my eyes dry. What did we do, I say out loud to no one in particular as I step over numerous lifeless bodies just to get to the end of the hallway. 
Well we started with 37 people before the attack and now were down to 10, Mike says shaking his head. The only positive is the resistance for those who support not going after Fontane should be lighter if not at all, says Justin. There is no other positive we killed our fellow classmates instead of going after who we really shouldve been going after, I shout. You dont think I fucking know that! We did this for you. They were going to kill you! We couldnt let that happen. Dont you fucking see that you and Leo started something? Leos dead but youre not, if we lose you no one will ever stand up against Fontane again, Justin shouts back. I have not thought of myself as a symbol to stand up against the corrupt before. 
Im sorry its been a rough day, I say. For all of us, Samantha says setting up logs she collected to start a fire. 
I sit by myself away from the camp fire on the same snow covered log Colt sat on earlier reflecting on all the ones who were lost today. I like to think that Colt is happily reunited with Nicole in heaven. I notice a pack of deer in the distance. A baby deer struggles to walk in the snow as it makes an effort to catch up with the rest of its family. 
19
The month has been peaceful for the school compared to previous months. Security has been tightened in the hallways. The vicinity of the school which consisted of Fontanes compound and what we thought contained Fontane is now abandoned, and his whereabouts are not yet known. To get through the remaining months of the school year, our teams primary goal has shifted to making sure other attacks dont occur.
 Maybe hes dead, a team member says entering the abandoned classroom. I look out from the shattered window, the warm March breeze whistling past me assures me that spring is arriving. I dont think he is, I say finally. 
Students who still cling onto the belief that good will prevail arrive into the vast and unfilled auditorium. The students are seated spread out from each other since an abundant amount of empty seats remain. 
A month since the school went to war with itself; the school is still picking up the pieces left. Division among students is still prevalent, as violence still occurs though on rarer occasion. 
I walk onto the auditorium stage not the least surprised by the limited amount of students whom decided to show up. I stand at the podium looking out at the faces of the crowd. I dont hear anything but my left chest is in sudden pain, blood is falling onto the stage on which I stand. 
I slam hard onto the ground as Justin unsuspectedly tackles me.  I hear shouts and screams as I lay on my back on the stage. 
 I open my eyes to the sight of Justin knelling close to me. Where am I, what happened, I ask perplexed. Youve been shot, Justin says observing me closely. We have a shooter in the auditorium, assistance needed, Justin shouts frantically through his headset. I hear more gunshots and screams. Stay here, Justin demands me.  My eyes start to close.
My eyes reopen.  Look whose finally up, Justin says looking down at me from the floor. What happened, the auditorium, what happened, I ask. Some nut who believed that killing you is the answer to the Fontane problem tried to kill you. I lift myself up from the floor. How many people died, I ask. Only 3 are dead, around 15 got injured, he replies. Only 3? Im sorry, after this school year 3 seems like such a small number, I hate myself for having that mindset, Justin says. 
Why are these people listening to Fontane? And why would they try to kill me while the school has been in moderate peace for the past month. Fontane has not attacked. It has only been our own students doing the attacking, I say. 
At first it could have been because they were scared and believed or wanted to believe that giving into his threat will solve everything. Now it may be because we killed their friends or loved ones in the war. Heck Fontane doesnt have to do anything. He already has the school against each other, Justin says. I grimace while I touch my gun wound. Yeah you may not want to touch that. Fortunately, youre going to be okay though. 
Thank you by the way, I say. For saving me out there, I finish. Justin waves his hand at me, Dont thank me, he says.
I get into the front passenger seat of Justins car. We drive past the campus baseball field on the drivers side. Colt was my best friend growing up. We use to always go this field at the park near our house to play baseball. Passing that field reminds me of him every day. We grew apart as the years went along. Not that we hated each other, we just befriended different people and hung out less and less and less until we didnt hang out at all, Justin tells me. 
I used to have a best friend. We would hang out and come up with one crazy thing to do after another. There was this one time we tied a rope to my bike and my best friend, Mike, held the rope sitting on a skateboard behind the bike, while I rode down this steep hill. Lets just say it didnt end that well, but we laughed about it for months, I say laughing. What happened to him? He moved. At first we communicated by phone but that became less frequent and then eventually not at all. I have pretty much the same friends since I was younger because Im so quiet, I say. 
I dont get the impression that youre a quiet, Justin says. If you knew me before you wouldnt agree with that, I say. Maybe, but life is about making improvements. Your still in high school, youll continue to grow and become the person youre comfortable being. Trust me Im a junior and I have learnt so much about myself since I started high school and Im finally comfortable with whom I am. Justin says. 
20
Back from a walk around the development with Kayla, I take her hand and lead her into the kitchen. You know you mean so much to me, I say. I knee down in front of her with one legged propped up. She looks down at me, her green eyes glistening in the sunlight. I extend my right hand into my pocket. Kayla, will you? She cups her hands over her mouth. Let me be your prom date. She takes a deep breath. I thought you were going to ask me to marry you. And yes I want to go to prom with you, she says.  I get up from the floor and hand her two prom tickets. I never liked dancing, but I didnt want Kayla, who is a senior to miss out on a memorable and special night.  I place my hands on her back and lean in closer to kiss her. I really cant wait to go, I love you, she says. I love you too, I say back without any hesitation. We hear her parents enter from the front door, so we move a short distance away from each other. What are you love birds up to today, Kaylas mom asks carrying grocery bags in her hands. Just hanging out, are there any other bags I could bring in for you, I ask. Actually, yes there are a few more in my trunk, she says. Ill bring them in, I say.  
Justin, I call out from the opposite end of the hallway. Whats up, he shouts. He walks toward me lowering his gun. How is it in this part of the school, I ask. Nothing out of the ordinary, he says. The little civil war has calmed down.  Still no sign or clue to Joey Fontanes whereabouts though. Did you really come here to check on me? I been checking with everybody, its been too quiet. Not that Im complaining about it, but it doesnt make any sense, I say. Well the security has been good, so I wouldnt worry too much, Justin assures me. People like Fontane dont just go down quietly, I say.
	Follow that car, I yell frantically at Justin from the passenger seat. My body slams against the car door as the car makes a sharp right turn at the last second. I rush out of the car as soon as Justin parks the car at an old pub. Bruce, I shout. Following me I see, he says. I walk up to him, as his driver opens the pub door for us. He takes off his sunglasses as we enter a dim lit pub. Bruce and his driver both take a seat in a booth. I sit opposite of them. What do you want to drink, Bruce ask me. No, Im not. He cuts me off and shouts for four Boston Lagers. Bruce, you must know where Fontane is hiding. He laughs. Joey Fontane is not hiding just because you cant find him, Bruce says. He hasnt retaliated in nearly a month after turning the school against itself, Justin adds. And your proud of that, Bruce asks. An attractive woman wearing a pink bralette top with white shorts places four Boston lagers on the table. Bruce, where is he, I repeat. You know when I was the Student Body President; my student death toll was slightly lower than yours. No, wait now that I fucking think of it, it was way lower compared to your little campaign. And yet, Im the one with the corrupt reputation, Bruce says. He picks up his lager and takes a gulp. 
	Bruce, at this moment Im not talking morals. I just want to know where Fontane is, I say. Bruce takes another gulp of his lager. Now that you witnessed what Fontane is capable of, who was right me or you, Bruce asks. You were right Bruce, you were right this whole god dam time. Justin turns his head around and studies me with his eyes. Even if we kill Fontane, it will never make up for the amount of innocent lives that were lost. Innocent people who will never experience graduating from high school, experiencing college, falling in love, and all that follows because of me. I took away the best part of their lives. I was young and stupid standing up for injustice, never thinking about the consequences of what I was getting myself into. Ive grown up and now see that sometimes you have to look the other way to survive in this world, I say never taking my eyes off Bruce. Well kid, Im glad you finally understand my position, but I cant help you find Fontane, Bruce says. Why? Because its not like I just strolled into wherever he was and helped myself to a cup of coffee. I went to the compound that you and your little team destroyed and they blindfolded me and took me to him. And no it wasnt just right around the corner, Bruce says answering my next question. 
You really have no idea where Fontane is. Yes kid, I swear I have no idea where he is. Think you could talk to him again, Justin asks. Bruce looks at Justin now. We havent spoken since I lost the election in November, and no I cherish my life. Im graduating from this school in June and moving on with my life, Bruce says. Bruce, that could work we could put some sort of tracker on you and, I say before Bruce cuts me off. No kid, werent you listening Im graduating from school in June and moving the fuck on with my life. Dont you think youre responsible for too many deaths as is, Bruce yells.
He hasnt been responsible for anyones death, Justin shouts back. The bartender places another full lager for Bruce and his driver, taking their empty glasses with her on her way back to the bar. He will never know, I plead. Get the fuck out of my bar, Bruce says slamming both his fist against the table. It would have been a more dramatic scene if anybody else besides the bartender was here. 
Bruces driver places his pistol on the table. Okay were leaving, I say taking ten dollars out and putting it on the table. Justin and I walk toward the exit. We ride to my house in silence. Thank you, I say to Justin as I exit from the passenger door. Did you mean what you said earlier, he asks. Your regret about going after Fontane, he elaborates.  I lean against the open passenger side door. Yes, in hindsight. Too many lives were lost despite our best intentions.
 What were we suppose to do not stand up against him and the rights of transfer and foreign students, Justin asks. I think so yes. Many of the students were going to go on and do great things and had their entire life ahead of them. Theres more to experience in life after high school. So much more that high school would have seemed like a distant memory in their near future, I say finally. Justin stares straight ahead through the windshield.  I thought we were doing the right thing. Now Im not so sure, Justin says at last. 
21
The middle of May arrives with the school at peace. There havent been any attacks, but there also has been no information on the whereabouts of Joey Fontane and his gang. Tonight belongs to all the seniors whom will soon be graduating. For me it was about making sure Kayla had a night to remember. The limousine I rented waits outside in the driveway while I wait for Kayla in her living room. 
You treat my baby well tonight, you promise me that, Kaylas dad says. Of course. I trust you, youre a good kid. I could see that you care about her, he says. I love her too sir, I say. Kaylas mom walks anxiously into the living room, Im so excited, honey, remember our prom night. How could I forget, Kaylas dad asks. You both met in high school, I ask. Yes, we both started dating junior year and got engaged one year after high school,  says Kaylas mom. Kayla clears her throat to get the rooms attention. I turn around in her direction.
She owns the light blue blush high low strapless dress with glittering sequins. You, youre beautiful, I say. Come on you two, time for photos, Kaylas mom tells us. 
I put my arm around Kaylas waist and hold her close to me while we look straight ahead until the flash of the camera blinds us both. Okay now I want pictures with your dad and me after I get one of you two kissing, Kaylas mom says. Kayla and I face each other and kiss like we have so many times before. I dont think I got that, says Kaylas mom. I turn to face Kayla to kiss her again. I was only joking; you have all night for that I want some pictures with my daughter. She pushes the camera into my hands as she stands next to her daughter, awaiting me to take the picture. After every combination of people that could be in the picture at what seemed to be every location in the house, Kayla and I finally head to the limousine parked outside.
We slide into the comfortable leather seats in the back. Sorry we took so long, I tell the driver before closing the glass window that separates us from him in the back. The back of limousine is spacious, includes a flat screen television and mini fridge. Despite all the room Kala cuddles close to me. Thank you for all this, she says. 
The limousine slowly drives through windy back roads until we finally arrive at Gees Restaurant banquet hall. Kayla and I hold hands after exiting from the limousine and walk toward a line of other couples in the humid May night. Excitement fills the air, as couples and friends converse with each other while they wait to get into prom. Kayla, you look so beautiful in that dress, says a girl to Kayla. Thank you, look at you, I love what you did with your hair, Kayla says back. Matt this is my friend Trish, Trish this is my boyfriend Matt I told you about, Kayla says. Trish waves to me, Nice to finally meet you. I have to find Trevor, see you both inside, she says walking away.
When we finally get to the front of the line I hand the bouncer our prom tickets. He points us to the direction to where we get our prom photo. Kayla flaunts her dress in a humorous manner as the camera flashes. After, we head inside the elegant banquet hall to the sound of music and excited seniors anxious to graduate.
Matt, do you think hes dead, a guy with his girlfriend debating with another couple about Joey Fontane at our table asks. I dont know, but I do know that we should enjoy this night, I say. He waves me off and continues his debate. Do you want to dance, I ask Kayla. She nods, so I stand up and take her hand. Kayla and I find a spot on the crowded dance floor. I didnt realize it but three hours flies right by.
Okay, okay Mountain High lets settle down, its been a great night so far. Its now time to announce the prom King and Queen. Could Kyle Anderson and Amanda Jackson please come onto the stage, the D.J. shouts into his microphone over the loud crowd. The D.J. places the king throne on Kyle and queen throne Amanda. Okay seniors this is your last dance before graduation find your dance partner and head to the dance floor, the D.J. tells us. 
A slow moving song plays. I hold Kayla close to me as we dance slowly to the music. I dont want this feeling, this moment to end. I decided against attending Sale University. I enrolled at Galvon University, Kayla says into my ear. I thought you liked the program at Sale University, I say as we continue to sway to the music. I did but I could commute to Galvon. I want to be close to my family, and you. I dont want to lose you, she says. I cant help but hold back a smile. Whatever we had I didnt want it to end.
I wait near the limousine under the night stars as Kayla says good bye to her friends. I open the door for her as she comes near. Well thank you, she says. 
The limousine takes a right turn onto the back road. I had fun tonight. The school did a good job with everything, Kayla says. She sits on top of me putting her hand inside my suite jacket. I take it off. We share a passionate kiss. I glide my hand gently and slowly down her body to her hips. A bright light shines through the limousine. A car honks obnoxiously behind. I slide open the glass divider between the driver in the front. Whats going on, I ask. This fucking idiot is honking at me. Meanwhile hes driving with his fucking high beams on, he shouts. Okay, just be careful these roads are windy, I say nervously. I know how to drive, he says back. 
I open my window, and stick my head out to get a better look. The sports car following us shuts their high beams. Through the darkness I see an outline of a person standing up through a sun roof holding a long object in their hands pointed directly at our limousine. The figure doesnt flinch as the sport car continues to follow. Fucking go man, I yell to the driver fearing the worst. 
I feel a sudden jerk as the car rises from the ground, flips over, grinds against the road, and slams into a tree with force. I open my eyes. The fire from the car burns against my skin. I dont know where I am at the moment. I dont know what happened, but my survival instincts tell me to get out of the car.  I find a way out through a broken window on my side. I slide my body against the forest ground using both my elbows. I force myself up and walk unorthodox in a short bust before I collapse onto the forest ground. Lying on my back I look up at the stars. I remember I was at prom with Kayla. Shit, I need to get her in the car, I need to get her. I cant move though. My mind wants to get up, and save her before the car reaches its inevitable conclusion and explodes from the fire. But I cant get up, physically cant get up. I force myself to find whatever I have into getting up in an attempt to save her. I try again to get up, I do. I walk and fall instantly to the forest ground though. Then I hear it, the sound of the car exploding. I close my eyes and reopen them. I stare up at the stars and moon through the branches above me with emptiness inside me. Tears stroll down my face. Kayla is gone; I just had everything I wanted in Kayla moments before. Earlier I was posing for photos with her. I close my eyes, unable and unwilling to move from where I lay. 
22
Im in an endless area surrounded by bright white light all around me. Confused I continue to walk with no clear destination in mind. The ground below me transforms into bright lush green grass. I continue walking. The area above me transforms into a cloudless blue sky with the sun so bright that I have to shield my eyes from it with my arm. I continue walking until I trip and fall onto the grass. From the ground I turn around to see what I tripped over. Are you okay, Kayla asks me lying on her back holding back laughter from my fall. The moment doesnt feel authentic because Im aware that Kayla has died from the accident. I dont even think about questioning where I am because I dont care. All I know is that Im with Kayla now.  I move closer to her and like her lie on my back looking above at the blue, cloudless sky. She takes my hand and grabs it. I want this to last forever, but it doesnt. Abruptly, I dont feel her hand against mine. I turn and she is gone. Fighter jets fly past me from above, leaving a trail of white streaks in the blue sky. I hear sounds of bombs going off in the distance. I open my eyes. My parents look down at me. I lay in pain on a hospital bed. What happened, I ask. You were in an accident, you been out for two weeks, my mom responds. Kayla died, didnt she, I ask. My mom and dad both look down at the floor beneath them. 
With crutches I walk down Kaylas driveway. When I reach the front door, I knock. Kaylas dad opens the door. Im so sorry, I say tears crawling down my face uncontrollably. He opens the door wider to let me in. I close the front door behind me, and follow Kaylas dad into the living room. I take a seat on the green linen couch placing my crutches at my side. It wasnt your fault. She loved you, you know. I never seen her that happy before, he says taking a gulp from a can of beer clutched in his hand. 
I let the natural silence ensue between us. I know it wasnt my fault, someone in the car behind our limousine fired something in his hand and it all happened so fast after that. Im certain the outlined figured I made out that night whom fired at our limousine was Joey Fontane but I dont know for sure. I loved her, I say unable to hold back tears. Let me get you a beer, Kaylas dad says getting up from the couch and into the kitchen. His body language is of a man who is defeated. He hands me a can of beer. Kayla is buried at Hill Cemetery. Or thats what we try to tell ourselves because her body, he says before I interrupt him. I understand, I say. He takes another gulp of the beer in his hand. Do you need directions for where it is, he asks. No. I know where it is. I only know because its the same cemetery where Mrs. Snow was buried. I hear the front door open. I grab my crutches and walk toward the front door to Kaylas mom. I drop my crutches on the floor and hug her. She hugs me back while she sobs. Im so sorry, I whisper into her ear.
I stand in front of Kaylas grave covered with an abundant amount of flowers. In silence I look down. If this is what life is, I want no part of it. 
I walk with the assistance of my crutches among a crowd of students all heading toward the front entrance of the school. Matt, someone shouts at me. Caroline walks toward me. I heard what happened, Im sorry, she says. What is it Caroline, I ask. You been gone for two weeks, I should get you caught up, she says. I continue walking saying nothing. The rest of the team is dead. Fontane attacked the school. This time it was more personal. I scratch an itch on my scruffy beard. The physical and mental pain and being out for two weeks hasnt given me the motivation or the time to care about my appearance. What are you talking about Caroline?
 Joey Fontane and his gang roamed the hallways took out our team and randomly shot and killed students in classrooms and hallways. I throw my crutches and toss them to the side in anger. Dont you need those, she asks. Forget me show me the footage from the surveillance cameras. Matt I checked the footage, thats how I know what happened, she says. I limp slowly away from her. She catches up to me. I want to see it so I could feel the pain of what happened, I say.
Caroline tries to help me walk. I wave her off. When we finally reach my headquarters in the abandoned section of the school I take a seat at the desk of televisions in front of me. Caroline plays the footage. I watch Joey Fontane and his gang walk casually through the hallways open firing at anybody whos in their path. I watch them as I see Justin and the other members put up a fight only to eventually fall to their deaths. I watch them as they storm into classrooms and open fire upon innocent students. In a middle of a lecture taking notes I imagine. Then the footage cuts off. 
At the end of the day I walk in pain still without my crutches to assist me and go through the door that leads to the roof of the school. I feel at peace up here watching as students get onto their busses to be taken home, seniors one day closer to graduation.
I look down from the roof at the parking lot in silence until a loud explosion startles me and then another. Two busses exploded. I lift myself up, taking me three attempts to get up. I look helplessly down at the bus parking lot as students who didnt get on their bus yet run back toward the school; others run off their busses. A minute later another bus explodes damaging the ones parked next to it as well.   
I walk as fast as I could to the exit door from the roof. I push through the pain. Another loud explosion followed by shouts of terror. I open the door and hold the stair railings as I make my way down and into the hallway. I want to run but the pain coercing through my body makes it impossible. Finally, I make it outside to the parking lot of terrified students. I hear some crying. Caroline finds me and stands next to me. When will this all end, she murmurs to herself. Another bus explodes, then another. Caroline and I along with the rest of the student body watch the random busses explode right in front of our eyes. What hope do you feed the student body when you have no desire to live and no hope to offer? A thick billow of grey smoke rises from the bus parking lot into the air as each and every bus explodes simultaneously.  
The next day after school I walk gingerly into the run down bar to talk to Bruce. He sits alone at the bar talking to the same bartender that worked the last time I came. I take a seat to his left. He turns in my direction and waves off the bartender to give us privacy. Set me up with one of Fontanes men, I say. You dont look so good, he says. He looks at my thick scruffy beard and unkempt hair. Set me up with one of Fontanes men, I repeat. Youre not going to just be able to go in there and shoot him. He does have security, you know, he says. I dont plan on being armed, I say. I just want to talk to him. What you want to see him and have a nice little chat, he asks. Set me up with one of Fontanes men, I repeat again. Fine, fine Ill let someone know you want to have a meeting with Fontane, he says. Good, I say. I get up from behind the bar and walk in pain slowly toward the exit. 
The following day Bruce grabs me at the entrance of the school and pulls me to the side, away from the crowd of students entering the building. Easy man, that fucking hurts, I say. Be at the catwalk at noon. Unless its a set up youre going to get that little meeting with Fontane, Bruce tells me. Bruce, thank you, I say. Dont thank me. I hope you find what youre looking for after all this, I say. Two more weeks then Im out, and thanks I hope the same for you kid, he says. I smile and give him a nod as he walks through the front entrance.
Its 12:20pm. Whoever was supposed to meet me and take me to Fontane is late. Hands up, turn around slowly, a man says loudly behind me. I lift my hands and turn around. Three men in suits surround me with assault rifles aimed at me. They search me for any weapon that could be used against them. Clear, says one of the men. They blindfold me, and then stick a needle into my left arm. Suddenly I feel sleepy, lose my balance, then my eyes close as darkness encloses around me.
I sit on a beach towel next to Kayla at the shore. Victoria walks past us giving me a flirty look in the process. What is she doing here, Kayla asks. I look at the scenery around me. Two teams mixed of adults, teens and young kids play volleyball to our left. Victoria is standing at the shoreline where only her feet would get wet after a wave breaks. I see myself, another me walk up to her. I recognize the scene unfolding in front of me. This is the beach I went with Victoria and her family last summer. The beach where Victoria and I snuck off into her room leaving her siblings alone to experience sex for our first time, and where we walked along the shore before the sun would rise, where I knew I wanted to be with Victoria forever. 
Do you still love her, Kayla asks. I did love her. So you have no feelings for her anymore, she asks. I hear gunshots and Joey Fontane and his gang as they shoot and kill everyone in their way as they march through the sand coming toward us. Fontane comes up to my beach towel and grabs me. I see Victoria on the opposite side being grabbed by one of Fontanes men. I look back at Kayla as she gets grabbed by another one of Fontanes men. Fontane pushes me forcefully into the middle of them. The wind begins to blow the sand violently in different directions. The clouds begin to get dark. The sounds of thunder could be heard in the distance. 
Were going to play a little game. Its called pick one and the other one gets a fucking bullet in their head. Pick nobody then all three of you will die. To your left the very lovely Victoria, your first true love, and to your right, proving that first love is so overrated is the very beautiful Kayla, Joey Fontane shouts into my ear over the sound of the wind. You have 10 seconds to choose the one who you want to live, he shouts again. I look at Victoria, then at Kayla. 3 seconds, Fontane shouts. I dont know who to choose. 1 second, Fontane shouts. Victoria, I shout over the wind. I feel light rain against my bare skin as I fall to my knees. I turn to my right and watch as Kaylas lifeless body collapses onto the sand. The thunder roars loudly and then suddenly my eyes are open once again. 
23
Im sitting at a table across from Fontane and two armed men standing at his sides in a dim lighted room. Fontane and the two men at his sides wear black suits. My associates inform me you were unarmed. Why, Fontane asks. I give up, this all needs to stop, I say. Give up? Yes, go back to the way things were before I was here. The foreign and transfer students go back to me, Fontane demands. 
 This is just pathetic. Look at you, no fight at all.  He places a combat knife on the table between us. Why dont I just kill you now, he asks. You could and to be honest I dont think I would care, or I could be the symbol of a guy who wanted nothing but to bring you down then gave up because he realized he would never win, I say. Fontane studies me but probably sees a man so defeated that he agrees with my argument. We return the transfers immediately, he says. 
I walk with Fontane and members of his gang as they go from classroom to classroom taking hostage the foreign and transfer students. I see them look at me with defeated and disappointed eyes while I watch the brutally inflicted upon them. This is fucking bullshit, youre no better than them, one of the transfer students shouts directly at me. Fontane takes the end of his rifle and violently smashes it into the transfers face. Blood rushes from his nose. His nose cartilage is now crooked to the left from the impact. He falls onto the hallway floor, and holds his hand against his nose to stop the bleeding. Fontane with full force kicks the transfer student in the nose harder and harder and harder as he cries out in pain. Fontane picks him up by collar of his shirt and pushes him forward as him and his gang continues to gather up more transfer students. 
Fontane has his men planted throughout the school to show the student body just in case they didnt already know, the school belongs to him. Its the last day before summer break and I hope to forget my first year of high school. I sit on the ledge of the school roof with my legs hanging down. I look at the rural campus surrounded by forest and empty land. The land surrounding the school is plentiful and in a world of its own. I hear the door slam shut behind me. I turn around to Victoria walking in my direction. 
What a year, she says. I ignore her and continue to stare straight ahead. She takes a seat on my right on the ledge of the roof with me. Im sorry what happened to Kayla, she says. I turn to look at her. You havent talked to me all year. 
I was scared Matt, she says. Of what? That I would be missing out on the high school experience if I was with you. We had a great thing going. My whole family asks about you because they knew it too. The only thing I missed out on was being without you for the whole year, possibly longer, she says. Why didnt you ever say anything to me this whole year Victoria, I ask. You seemed content. You had a new group of friends. I dont know you just seemed like you were making your own way, and moved on from me. Then you started dating Kayla, she says. Im not a hero Victoria. I dont even know who I am anymore, I say lifting myself up from the ledge of the roof heading for the exit door. I close the door behind me leaving Victoria in silence.     
24
On the Saturday morning of my high school graduation parents and other family members file into the football stadium eager to watch their loved one walk down the aisle with diploma in hand. I stand on the outside of the football stadium fence watching as the seniors walk in line heading to their seats. I imagine Kayla in her cap and gown sitting with the rest of her class she grew up with, turning around in her chair smiling at me. 
My son never told me you had beard when describing you, a man who looks to be in his 40s tells me leaning his hand against the fence looking out toward the football stadium at the soon to be graduates. He has a clean, neat, professional appearance, dressed up for the occasion, while I stand wearing cargo shorts and a blue t-shirt. Sorry do I know you, I ask. My name is Alex. Leos dad, he tells me extending his hand. Upon hearing the words Leos dad, I turn in his direction giving him my attention. Your son died saving the school, doing everything to keep it out of the hands of Joey Fontane, only for me to give it back a few months later. You dont want to talk to me, I say turning my attention back to the graduation ceremony. Youre going through a tough time right now. I understand. However, if I told you could get revenge for everyone you lost by taking down Fontane and the rest of the Pyramid organization, would you agree to it, Alex asks. Pyramid Organization, I repeat perplexed. Take this card and call me if you want answers. I take the card he holds out in his hand in front of me. I examine the plain white card with his cell phone number printed on it then place it in the pocket of my cargo shorts. 
Kaylas parents walk down the aisle to a standing ovation as they accept the diploma on behalf of their daughter. When they arrive back to their seats I leave the scene behind me. 
Two weeks pass since the high school graduation. I dry myself with a towel as I come out of the shower and walk to the mirror to look at my reflection. I decide to shave my beard which has been getting increasingly thicker. I begin to put on my cargo shorts when I notice something in my pocket fall onto the floor. Its the card which I took from Leos dad at the graduation ceremony. I unfold the card, now wet from being in the washer machine. I make out the number printed on it and decide to call it. Alex answers on the second ring. Hello, its Matt we met at the graduation ceremony two week ago. Yes, I remember. How are you, he asks. Better, I answer. I was hoping I could answer your question you asked me. Yes, I want revenge and to take down Fontane, I say.
I sit at a nearby park, watching a physical pickup game of basketball. A limousine pulls into the parking lot in front me, and when I see Alex open the door wearing a black suite I walk in his direction. Hey, he says holding the limousine door open for me. I sit on the black leather seats opposite of Alex in the back as the limousine pulls out of the park parking lot. I dont have the best experience with limousines, I comment. We wont be in it long. Any bad experiences with private jets, he asks. 
Pyramid is the name of the company that supplies my and other school districts with food. One of the drivers was caught smuggling Fontanes drugs in and out of the school by your son, I say. Matt, its bigger than that one isolated incident at your school. The Pyramid Company is major drug operation that uses the school delivery business as a front for their other illegal business, he says. The company is headquartered in Miami, Florida and run by Fontanes dad. There are more people like Joey Fontane at a number of high schools throughout the country and their operation is only getting larger, he finishes. Fontanes parents are dead. Joey was adapted because no one else would take him in, I say with certainly.
Not true. Fontanes parents staged a car accident, and they left their son to start their illegal operation. No one in the family took Joey in because no one in their families associated themselves with his parents, so no one knew they were dead, nor did they care if they were. Leo befriended Fontane in school. He would come over the house, then I got assigned to look into the Pyramid Company in Miami, and I discovered his parents alive. I made the mistake telling him that his parents were alive, trying to convince him that he shouldnt feel abandoned by people who would leave him behind to do what they were doing, and that his family didnt know he existed and thats why no one came for him. But the news pushed him away and he joined with his parents, Alex says. So many questions race through my mind, that I dont know which to ask first.
Were here, Alex says.  I open the limousine door to a private jet parked a thousand feet away on pavement in what appeared to be in the middle of nowhere surrounded by dried out grass. I step onto the jet and take a seat on white leather seats. Looking out my window I watch as the jet slowly rises into the air. 
What exactly is the plan, I ask. Play the same way they have played. Dirty, Alex answers. Every summer the Pyramid agents like Fontane from all the high schools they operate in have an annual meeting at their headquarters in Miami. Its then when we tear their whole operation apart, Alex says with conviction. Are you sure thats the best way to go about this, I ask. You dont think I tried to do this clean. The whole operation is protected with corrupt officials on their payroll. No, they are going to pay for taking away my son, Alex raises his voice. Hes right this has to be the way, if we are to make sure they pay for what theyve done. 
25

     The hot humid air hits me instantly as I exit the private jet. Alex opens the back of an old rugged white van that awaited our arrival. Inside are 6 other men in tanks and t-shirts. Most of the agents are coming down next week for their annual meeting, until then we sit tight. There are no windows in the back, but I feel the van drive off. The others talk to each other while I sit there in silence and listen. Finally I feel the van come to a stop. Alex swings open the back door. Im the last one to jump out.
I walk with Alex on the crowded boardwalk. I look out onto the white sanded beach and admire the clear blue water. Right over there is Pyramid headquarters, Alex says. I turn to look to where he points on the opposite side facing the beach, through the palm trees a skyscraper built of clear glass 100 stories high sits with a beachfront view. I tilt my head back to look at the top of the building and see top lighted letters that read Pyramid Company. 
Nice building, I say. After a day of Alex showing me around he knocks on the back of the van door. Another one of our team members opens it. Charlie why dont you show Matt around the building, Alex says. 
Come over here, Charlie tells me. He wears a black tank top with tattoos covering both his arms. On his laptop he takes me through 3-D rendered blueprint of Pyramid Company headquarters interior. This is where the pyramid agents will be meeting, Charlie says pointing to the 100th and final floor. I examine the rendering of the last floor closely. In it is a meeting room that takes over half the room with other offices on the opposite side of the hall taking up the other half. We are going in loaded, Charlie tells me. 
I restlessly turn on my side again in my motel bed. Cant sleep, Alex asks from the other bed beside me. I dont know if I want to die, I knew I did before, I say. Hey who said anything about dying, he says. How many Pyramid agents do you think will be there, I ask. 75 give or take, he answers. And the 8 of us are going to take them all down, I ask with doubt in my voice. I hear Alex shuffle out of his bed and turn on the light. I protect my eyes from the light with my right arm. They took my son away, Joey Fontane and the rest of that organization needs to go down. I want to watch their lifeless bodies collapse onto the ground, and so do you, he says. We cant take down the organization if were dead, I say. Its obvious that Im on a team of men like me who lost someone and are in desperate need to revenge their deaths. I dont respond, instead I turn to on my side and close my eyes until I finally fall asleep.
Im at a college campus. Kayla smiles as she notices me from a swarm of students surrounding her. As she gets closer to me I hear her talking, but I hear nothing. I look around me at other students and watch their mouths move, but I still hear nothing. Without warning, people run past Kayla and I with fear in their eyes. Fontane and his gang scroll in our direction with assault rifles, killing everybody in their proximity. I watch as students fall to their death. We have to go now, I yell, but Kayla continues talking to me in same manner as before. I try to pull her. She doesnt budge and continues talking with her expression unchanged from before. Fontane and his gang are now a short distance away. I hear nothing but I see Kayla fall to the ground in front of me, a bullet wound in the back of her head. I knell down next to her  
I open my eyes drenched in sweat. Alex is putting on a shirt in front of his bed. Bad dream, he asks. No, Im fine, I get up and walk into the bathroom. Many students including Kayla died because of me. I have to make things right. Its selfish of me to not be willing to die to avenge their deaths.  I have no choice now. My choice was already decided when I became responsible for putting innocent lives at risk. 
What kind of weapons do we have, I ask. Assault rifles, smoke grenades, and explosive grenades, Alex says. We set up a time bomb in the middle of the building. We expand our team and we have a helicopter pick us up at the top of the roof of the building for a safe passage, I say. He laughs. We are relying on too many outsiders. Im telling you they have the money and resources, he says. If we are going to take this organization down, this is a better way, I reply. I have trusted connections to get us the helicopter, but expanding our team is a no, they would sell us out. What about the bomb, I say. Ill see what I could do, he answers. 
I sit on the white sand people watching. I got it, Alex says from behind me. What, I ask. We pick up the bomb tomorrow, Alex says. Thats good, I say. A volleyball rolls to the side of me. I pick it up and throw the ball back to a girl in a two piece swimsuit. She catches it and giggles. Whats your name, she asks. Matt, I say. Want to join our game she asks. I look at Alex and then back at her. Sure, I say getting up. Im Sarah by the way. 
I had fun today Sarah. Thank you for showing me around the city, I say as the sun begins to set behind the ocean. You know the fun doesnt have to end. My friend has beach house nearby. Her parents arent home, she says. I have other plans. Im sorry, I say as I walk away from her. 
Alex opens the motel room after the third knock. Have fun today, he asks. Too much, I say as I take a sit at the edge of my bed. Its okay to have fun. he assures me. 
In the early morning, the rest of the team along with Alex and I enter the back of the white van heading to the Pyramid Company headquarters. I prepare my riffle, pack extra ammo, along with my smoke and explosive grenades. I take a deep breath. Im going to make it alive and even if I die, I would in an attempt avenging the deaths of the ones close to me. Something I am willing to die for. 
I feel the van stop in its tracks. Victor you understand what youre doing with the bomb, Alex asks. Yea man, I understand. Good. Just to confirm, Matt, Thomas, Paul, Nick, George, and I will head to the 100th floor where all the agents will be, including the man who started the operation Nicolas Fontane, or Joey Fontanes dad. They both are our main targets, but they all deserve to die. Charlie you make sure to protect Victor while he plants the bomb. Once set the bomb will explode in fifth teen minutes. Charlie and Victor just make sure you get out of there. The rest of you are to be at the top of the roof within 5 minutes, the view should be nice from the helicopter while the building collapses. Alex says.
I feel the knot in my stomach as the van door opens. My feet touch down on the pavement. The surrounding area is quiet and peaceful at 8am. We walk side by side heading toward the Pyramid Company front entrance. Youre not allowed in here, shouts a guard. Charlie aims and fires at the guard without looking as he falls to the ground. A chandelier hangs from the center of the luxurious main lobby. Alex presses the elevator button, and it opens. The entire team squeezes in. The elevator door opens on the 50th floor. This is where we part ways, says Charlie as him and Victor exit the elevator. I hear a firefight as the elevator slams shut. Charlie, Victor whats happening, Alex shouts into his headset. Just a little resistance, nothing we cant handle, Charlie says back. Stay calm everything is going to be okay. I look at the buttons displaying what floor we currently are on, number 90 is brightened. The elevator stops on floor 93. A man wearing a suite looks at us and before he runs away from the elevator is shot dead from behind.
 Bomb is set, fifteen minutes, Charlie says through our headsets. The whole team simultaneously sets the timer on their watch for fifteen minutes. 
The elevator door opens and stalls on floor 98, so we spread out finding cover behind office desks or furniture.  Each one of us aims our assault rifles at a guard also aimed at us. Drop the guns now, shouts one of the guards behind cover on the opposite side of the floor. I dont blink my eyes or take my focus from the guard Im aimed at. Uhhh no, shouts Alex firing his gun from across the room. Mr. Fontane, 6 armed men are attempting to make their way up to you, I hear a guard shout over the firefight.  I notice that across the room is a door that leads to a stairwell. I take out my smoke grenade. Stairwell across, I yell. I toss my smoke grenade and walk straight into the smoke using my memory to find the stairwell. I feel as I have lost all sense of direction. Just walk straight. Just walk straight. I stick my hands out attempting to feel the stairwell door. My hands finally find the door. The smoke begins to clear from the room and the rest of the team is able to locate the door except Thomas who is at far left side of the room. The rest of my team near the stairwell fires at the disoriented guards. 
Dont know how I ended up over there, Thomas says making his way toward the stairwell. I laugh a nervous laugh as we continue to climb the stairs. My watch reads eight minutes until the bomb goes off. We reach the door to the last floor, floor 100. I think that we have a better chance to exit the building from the front, but without the elevator working its an impossible feat. Our desire for revenge is going to get us all killed. We could have planted the bomb and watched as the building collapsed from the distance. We all knew it was going to end like this, Alex says. He opens the door and fires randomly around him with the sound of guns firing right back at him from different directions. The rest of the team and I fire explosive and smoke grenades around us. 
Alex drops onto the ground, and clutches his hands to a wound near his chest. Finish them for me and Leo. Its my fault Leo is dead, let me die, he whimpers. His eyes close shut and never reopen. 
 To my right in the meeting room that takes up half the floor I observe Joey Fontane sitting patiently and peacefully at a large boardroom table while he watches the chaos unfold in front of him. We had a deal, he says as I open the door and walk into the room, assault rifle aimed at his head. We both knew it wasnt going to end like that, I say. I step my way closer toward him. If youre only stalling to kill me because you want to know for sure if Im responsible for your girlfriends death, the answer is yes. I aimed and fired my Bazooka aimed right at the bottom of the limousine. But arent you glad I taught you something about yourself, says Fontane. You only care about yourself. I mean to not attempt to save her. Youre no hero. He looks straight into my eyes. I look at my watch as it reads a minute and a half until the building goes down. 
Your right Fontane Im not a hero, but Im going to die while I watch this organization get destroyed, I say. Your right about one thing, youre going to die, he says grabbing my gun and throwing it across the room. 
The windows in the room shatter from rounds of bullets firing from a helicopter outside near the window. Papers fly around me from behind cover in the room, my hair moves around crazily from the wind. Fontane and I both are in cover until the round of bullets stop. 
Dads here, he says running toward the shattered window. I get up and run after him. He jumps into the opening of helicopter that then turns away from the building. Without hesitation I jump from the window, and grasp onto the landing skid. The helicopter with my entire body hanging with my hands clutched tightly to the landing skid move further and further into the distance from the Pyramid building. Moments later I hear the sound of an explosion behind me. I turn my head slightly and watch as the building crumbles toward the ground. 
The helicopter is now flying over the clear blue Miami water. I could attempt to pull myself into the helicopter, but I have no gun and no clear play as I dangle unnoticed from the landing skip of the helicopter containing Joey Fontane and his dad.
Im in my fifth grade class. Mrs. Doogle with her dark rimmed glasses and curly red hair reads pairs of names for our next group project. Matt James your partner is going to be Victoria Rose. 
Back in the present day, I let go of the helicopters landing skid and fall from the sky into the clear, blue Miami water. I swim and emerge to the surface of the water for fresh air.
Hello, I say nervously as I take a seat next to Victoria. I didnt know how much this girl Victoria would mean to me in the future. That she would eventually save my life as I let my hands free from the landing skid into the calm, clear water. 
 From the surface of the water I cough and attempt to get my breathing under control. While I float in the still, clear water I watch as the helicopter containing the Fontanes get smaller and smaller in the distance until its completely gone from sight. 

Epilogue: 11 years later
Victoria sits on an empty green lawn chair holding our first child, 2 month year old Tucker in her arms. Honey could you hold him for a second. I take him from Victorias arms and hold in mine. Victorias dad stands by the barbeque grilling hotdogs and burgers for his daughter Briannas friends. Victorias mom is conversing with some of her friends. Brianna comes up to Victoria and I. Im glad youre here, she tells me. The sounds of splashing and laugher could be heard from the above ground pool in front of us. Youre a big college girl now. What are you going to major in, I ask. Public relations like my sister, she says proudly. Brianna, come in the pool, a boy shouts from inside the pool. Ill talk to you both later, even you Tucker, she says before racing toward the pool. Victoria gets up, Im going to get some food, did you want me to bring you back something, she asks. Ill take a cheeseburger, do you want me to get it, I ask. No I got it; Tucker is quiet when you hold him. I look down at Tucker, his eyes looking back at me with a smile. I watch Victoria as she talks to her dad near the grill. I cant help but be excited to begin the next chapter of my life with her.    



        
          
     
  

 
    






 
	
        


      
 


  

 


        
  

                   






