




 BREED 
(The secret design to maintain racial inequality among the despised classes)

By William Chasterson

Published by William Chasterson at Smashwords

Copyright William Chasterson 2013

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1 - Great indebtedness does not make men grateful, but vengeful; and if a little charity is not forgotten, it turns into a gnawing worm   - Friedrich Nietzsche
Chapter 2 - I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn it to it's advantage.   - Friedrich Nietzsche
Chapter 3 - You may not be interested in war but war is interested in you - Leon Trotsky
Chapter 4 - Anyone who has the power to make you believe absurdities has the power to make you commit injustices - Voltaire
Chapter 5 - Education is dangerous - every educated person is a future enemy - Hermann Goering
Chapter 6 - I sit on a mans back, choking him and making him carry me, and yet assure myself and others that I am very sorry for him and wish to ease his lot by all possible means  except by getting off his back - Leo Tolstoy
Chapter 7 - Extreme positions are not succeeded by moderate ones but by contrary extreme positions - Friedrich Nietzsche
Chapter 8 - Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal. - Leo Tolstoy
Chapter 9 - Humanity has won it's battle. Liberty now has a country - Marquis de Lafayette
Chapter 10 - Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. - Leo Tolstoy
Chapter 11 - In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, and look around you. - Leo Tolstoy
Chapter 12 - War is so unjust and ugly that all who wage it must try to stifle the voice of conscience within themselves. - Leo Tolstoy
Chapter 13 - It is always consoling to think of suicide: in that way one gets through many a bad night. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Epilogue
About William Chasterson
Connect with William Chasterson

Chapter 1 - Great indebtedness does not make men grateful, but vengeful; and if a little charity is not forgotten, it turns into a gnawing worm   - Friedrich Nietzsche

So there I was, standing at the edge of the Cuyamonga River staring down at the rushing water with a determined look in my eyes. The air was damp and had a briny smell. All kinds of thoughts were running through my head. 

"What does it feel like to drown?" I thought. Will I hold my breath the entire time until the burning in my chest forces me to fill my lungs with icy water? 

A sudden shudder shook my entire body as I thought of how cold the water must be. A nearby crack of a twig breaking suddenly stole my attention from the steady rumble of distant rapids. Quickly I looked back in the direction that I thought I heard the sound. All looked still. There was no one there, just trees and rocks.

 Did I really hear something or is my mind just playing tricks?

 As I turned back to face the water I could still picture the trees and rocks where I heard, or at least thought I heard the sound. In this mental picture there was definitely someone there, watching me with piercing critical eyes. I shook my head defiantly and tried to focus on the task at hand but my thoughts kept intruding. I began to think about my life and how I arrived at this point. 

Socrates always said I dont understand how the world works. As if understanding something and accepting it were the same thing. 

I thought of my father Jeffery Chambers and my defiant look changed to one of regret. I thought of how I would like to see Jeffery one last time. To forgive him and let him know that I now understand why he did what he did. Thinking of Jeffery Chambers always fills me with that familiar warm feeling, the timeless feeling you get when you are being embraced by someone who loves you and you know you are safe. Again I stared down at the water. 

I deserve this I thought, there has to be some retribution for my sins. Thousands are dead because of my arrogance, if only Id 

But wait We haven't even been properly introduced. I'm Christopher also known as 'The Great One'. You know Five years ago if you would have told me that one day I would be a brutal dictator ruling with an iron fist I would have said youre crazy. To make myself understood we'd better start at the beginning. 

When I came into the world there were no problems to be worked out. Life was good and there was no reason to ask questions. There was me Christopher, my mother and my two siblings Vincent and Josie. In those days life consisted of playing games. The current game was called chase and run. The rules are as follows. I would chase Vincent or Josie and they would run. Then just as I am about to overtake them they stood their ground, did an about face and began to chase me. Back in those days life was simple. We would play for hours oblivious to anything else in the world. Which is why I took no notice of the two figures now standing in the room staring down at us. Little did I know but my life was about to change forever. 

Although I never really paid much attention to her there was someone else also living in the apartment. She was a fat woman with large eyes decorated with too much makeup. From what I gathered at the time she was our servant or slave. She waited on us hand and foot. It was she that put out our food in bowls, changed our drinking water and even cleaned the box where we did our business. This day however she was not talking like a servant. She was speaking with the two figures I mentioned earlier. One of the figures was Jeffery Chambers; a man who was so tall you could get a stiff neck looking up at him. He would have been intimidating except for the fact that a sympathetic face contrasted his large size and he had a manner about him that signaled he was no threat. The other figure was his wife Josephine. She was considerably smaller in size but her personality filled the room. She had wild curly hair and the couple seemed to compliment one another. 

"I know you were planning to take only two but could you do me a favor and take one more. You see, the litter was three kittens. The third kitten is a mama's cat and he is especially affectionate and tied to his mother. He needs extra love" explained our servant tugging on their heartstrings. 

I gathered she was talking about my brother Vincent because they had him in their hands and they were looking down at him in wonder as if they expected him to say something. He just looked up at them with large round eyes, his little body trembling. Jeffrey looked at his wife then nodded his head. What did all of this mean? 

Who cares. It's probably nothing I thought. Back to the game. 

But as I went to resume our game of chase and run I was suddenly scooped up with large hands and placed into a box along with Vincent and Josie. I would never see my mother again.

Chapter 2 - I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn it to it's advantage.   - Friedrich Nietzsche

When we arrived at the couples apartment we began to explore right away. Josie and I were very anxious to examine every square inch of the place but Vincent was very cautious. 

"Guys I have a terrible feeling about these people and this place. We should escape or at least hide until we're sure it's safe" he would say. Josie on the other hand had no reservations whatsoever. 

"I think they're nice. They pet me and let me smell them and they smell like really nice people." 

Vincent darted his eyes toward his sister. 

"You think everyone is nice." he said scornfully. 

"Everyone is nice!" she cheerfully responded. 

We explored every square inch of our new space avoiding when possible the humans. This was to appease Vincent's fears. There was a long space between the kitchen and living room that would be perfect for chase and run. Then there was a door that let into an office where our food and refreshments were kept. So far this door was being left open for us. These doors are useful but they can also be dangerous, as I know from experience. 

I can remember one time when I was playing with the door in our old place by putting my arm in the crack with the hinge. As I tried to reach farther into the other room the weight of my body began to press against the door. Suddenly the door began to move for no apparent reason and closed on my arm. I still remember the pain. All I could think to do is put more weight against the door and pull my arm out but as I did this, the trap just got tighter and my arm was being crushed. I began to panic. Just as I was about to lose consciousness from the pain I heard footsteps running toward me, and the door was opened releasing my arm and I was lifted up and taken to safety by my caretaker. I remember glaring at the door as I was being carried away and thinking, 

Youve won this round, door! But this isnt over! 

Anyways in our new place there was another door at the other end of our room that was closed most of the time. At night our caretakers would go into this room and stay there until the morning. I was very curious to know what was in that room. I remember one day as I was investigating this door by sniffing and trying to look under it I heard a faint whispering sound. 

Pssst, Hey Christopher. Over here. 

I looked in the direction of the voice. It was coming from under the desk. The voice was unmistakable. 

Vincent? Is that you? I called into the darkness. Josie was also there. 

Im convinced this place isnt safe! exclaimed Vincent. 

The other day I saw the most hideous creature imaginable sliding back and forth across the floor as if it were trying to pick up the scent of someone.

 Vincent began to tremble violently as he recounted his paranoid memory. 

And thats not the worst part. Guess who was controlling this beast? Before giving us a chance to respond he blurted out It was our servant. The smaller one with the curly hair. She was directing this stringy beast with a large rod and it was obeying her! 

Of course what she was actually doing was mopping the floor but we didn't understand that at the time. To make a long story short we spent the next eight hours hiding in the darkness trying not to make a sound. I guess the sustained silence alerted our caretakers because the next thing you know they were looking for us. 

From our hiding place we could see them but they of course could not see us. Jeffrey wrinkled his brow and lifted one of them slightly squinting as if he were trying to concentrate on something. 

"Christopher, Josie, Vincent... Where are you guys?" shouted Jeffery. "It's like they disappeared". 

The couple kept searching. 

"I want to go out to them. Look they're searching for us," whispered Josie and she started moving towards the light. 

"No it's a trap!" exclaimed Vincent in a loud whisper and this brought Josie reluctantly back to his side under the desk. 

Jeffery put his hand on his forehead and began massaging his brow as if he could loosen up a memory in this way. 

Did we leave a door open? Did they slip into a crack somewhere? 

His eyes began searching the room and they landed on the wooden computer table. Now allow me to explain why this was a particularly good hiding place. The base of the table extended almost to the floor. Wooden feet elevated it above the floor, leaving a space between the floor and the baseboard of only a few inches. So it allowed us to see out but we were completely hidden. 

I dont see why we have to hide, whispered Josie. 

Sshhhh. Be quiet said Vincent nervously. 

The large grinning horizontal face of Jeffery Chambers suddenly greeted us as he bent down to see us huddled under the desk.

As time went on I began to notice changes in Vincent. Changes that I did not like. He seemed to have gotten over his uneasy feelings. In fact he walked around the apartment as if he owned the place. It started with small things. For example we have always eaten out of the same bowl and in the beginning all three of us could fit our faces in the bowl and eat at the same time. But as time went on, the bowl began to get smaller and smaller so that we had to take turns eating. Ladies first of course, then Vincent and I would eat at the same time. One day as I approached the bowl I heard something that I had never heard before and it stopped me in my tracks and made my heart skip a beat. I heard a growl, looked up and saw Vincent standing over the bowl staring me down. I was shocked. I didn't even know how to handle it so I backed away from the bowl. 

What's going on?" asked Josie as I passed her. 

"Oh nothing I'll eat later" I said. "By the way have you noticed anything different about Vincent?" 

"Different?" she repeated then looked at me with a blank expression on her face. 

"Never mind" I said and walked away. 

Later when I went to eat I noticed that Vincent had eaten more than his share of the food leaving me only crumbs. I didn't like this but I said nothing. 

Another day we were all trying to figure out what to do with the day. 

"How about a good ol game of chase and run?" I suggested. Josie's face lit up at that suggestion. 

"No!" commanded Vincent. "We're going play king of the jungle." 

I was taken aback by this. He said it so authoritatively as if we had no choice in the matter. King of the jungle was basically a wrestling match to the point of exhaustion. We hadn't played it since we were little and to tell you the truth I didn't really feel like playing this game with Vincent in light of his recent aggressive behavior. 

"Excuse me brother but who exactly made you the leader?" I said quietly, in a calm voice, although on the inside I was getting very agitated. 

"I'm making myself the leader, he said after a slight pause. "I've been having these feelings lately... He paused briefly. that I am powerful and I need to express my strength by dominating the weak. I struggled with these feelings for a while thinking 'no this is wrong' but lately I've been thinking that this is the right and natural way of things. Why would I have these feelings unless it were natural?" 

Needless to say, I was shocked by what I was hearing but I tried not to show it. 

Vincent continued, You, the weak must have felt it as well, the need to be dominated. Stop resisting nature brother! Free yourself and let me dominate you! He looked at me pleadingly. 

Youve gone crazy! I said. 

Vincent just squinted his eyes a little. Im not going to lie to myself anymore. I need to be true to myself and honestly I'm a little hurt that you my own brother is not going to support me in this." 

With that Vincent lunged at me. As his full weight hit me I was lifted off the ground and we both crashed against the wall. The game of king of the jungle had begun. Josie jumped on top of Vincent briefly knocking the wind out of him but he grabbed her head with both his paws and began biting her ears. She shook loose of this move but he just put her in another one and flipped her over so her body came crashing to the floor. She yelped and tried to beat a retreat but as she was running he caught her by the tail and pulled her back. It was no longer a game to her anymore. She quickly did an about face and hissed violently at Vincent. 

While he was distracted I saw this as my opportunity. Now I knew I couldn't compete with his strength but I am quicker than Vincent so I came up from behind and threw all my weight into his legs. He toppled over and went crashing onto the floor. I tried to capitalize on this turn of events leaping on top of him and pinning him to the floor. 

"Consider this a coup de tat, I said panting and looking down at him victoriously. 

However, I underestimated his strength. I felt my body being lifted into the air and thrown onto the ground. For a slight second everything went black and I couldn't see or hear anything. I also couldn't breath. When I came to, Vincent was sitting on top of me. His mouth was moving but I couldn't hear what he was saying. Finally I began to hear the words. 

Will you submit? 

Yes, I gasped. 

He got off of me and walked away calmly as if nothing had happened leaving my bruised and battered body sprawled out on the floor. This day was significant. It marked a change in our personalities and worldviews.

From that day forward Josie and Vincent became closer. She was naturally submissive to him and he never again had to prove his dominance. I didn't like any of this one bit but I kept a safe distance from him. What was so disturbing about this whole situation was not just Vincent's change of personality but Josie's. She acted as if there was no change at all, as if things were the same as they had always been and the only way things could ever be. Did she forget about the past, the equality we had all shared before Vincent's dictatorial take over? I developed a pain in my stomach every time I thought about it. This was not helped by the fact that I was not eating or drinking as much as before. Vincent wasn't leaving me very much food but even if he had I didn't have the appetite I used to have. 

In those days life seemed pretty grim to me. 

What was the point? I thought. 

Vincent's words had a deep impact on me. 

If I, the weak only have the prospect of being dominated by the strong then why should I even bother getting up in the morning?

 Whenever I looked at my siblings from a distance I had contempt in my eyes and a pain in my stomach. After a while they also began looking at me with contempt. My sickly appearance no doubt had a lot to do with this. I was getting thinner and thinner and had the look of death about me. My only consolation was Jeffery Chambers. He took pity on me. He would pick me up and stroke my back comforting me until I fell asleep on his lap my head buried in his arms. I didn't understand the way he treated me. It didn't fit in with what I had recently learned about the strong dominating the weak. Whenever I was around him I began to feel a warm pleasant sensation. This was the only time in fact that I could take my mind off the pain in my stomach, which was getting worse. It felt like I was being stabbed in the gut with a sharp knife. My relationship with Jeffery Chambers became the only joy in my life. The question is would this be enough to keep me going? 

One day I woke up and my instinct told me that my time was up. I was dying. I was not sad though. 

This is the way of nature, I thought. I didn't bring myself into the world. I have no right to object to being taken out of it. I must say goodbye to Jeffery Chambers however. 

I slowly walked up to him. I didn't speak his language so I needed to communicate with my eyes. I looked up at him and he seemed to know what I was trying to say. 

"I want to thank you for being kind to me when you didn't have to. I lived a short life and I don't really understand the meaning of any of this but thank you and goodbye."

As you may have guessed I didn't die at that time because if I had I couldn't be telling you my story. 

"Josephine I think something is wrong with Christopher. He looks really sick, said Jeffery. 

"I'll make an appointment with the vet tomorrow" his wife said. 

"I don't know he looks really bad. I have a bad feeling he won't make it through the night." 

Those were the last words I remember being spoken. Everything that happened after that was a blur. At the time I thought, "So this is what it feels like to die. The feeling of being probed and cat handled and even cut with strange objects and being unable to move or fight back. Was I hallucinating? Actually what was happening was that I was having my bladder stones removed a procedure that is impossible in nature. But of course I wasn't in nature. I was at the vets office. When I finally woke up and began to feel clear headed I didn't understand where I was or what had happened to me. My imagination began to take over. 

Enemies must have captured me in a raid. I sighed. Just another example of the strong dominating the weak. Where are Jeffery Chambers, Vincent and Josie? They must have been killed. 

I looked around. I was in a cage surrounded by other animals. I could feel a bandage on my wrist and a pain on my abdomen but when I tried to examine them I could only see white. I could look forward and see but when I tried to look from side to side or to see my body I could not. There was some kind of contraption on my head preventing me from examining myself. Random humans that I did not recognize were walking around my cage and making strange remarks. I couldnt understand what they were saying but I could tell they were talking about me. Again I felt a pain in my abdomen. 

They must have been experimenting on me, I thought. 

One of the humans approached my cage and began to unlock the door. His long white lab coat opened as he extended his arm into the cage towards me. Now was my opportunity. I slashed at his hand with my claws using all my energy which considering all Id been through was quite a bit. Then I hissed loudly to let all in the room know that I meant business. Stunned, the man jumped back, quickly withdrawing his arm and slamming the cage door shut. He examined his hand rubbing and nursing the wound I had just given him. I had drawn blood. All the humans looked a little stunned but this didnt last long. As I prepared for round two, I noticed something different about the hand that was now reaching into my cage. It was covered with some type of protective shell. 

No matter, I thought. This time Ill use my fangs. 

As the hand approached I gave a sharp warning hiss then lunged at the intruder burying my fangs deep into my target but the response was not what I expected. The human didnt even flinch. With his other hand also protected, he reached in and grabbed me at the back of the neck and pulled me out of the cage against my will. For some reason I thought of my mother which, was a strange thing to think about at a time like that. Before I could figure out how to counter attack I felt a cold jab in my side and the next thing I know the room seemed to be spinning. But I wasnt afraid like I should have been. In fact I started to feel really calm. The need to fight no longer seemed important and I relaxed my grip on my attacker. 

Immediately I was back in my home with Vincent and Josie and the Chambers. All attention was on me. The Chambers were petting me and saying, thats a good kitty. Vincent and Josie were acting different as well. They were practically falling over themselves to rub up against me and there was no more talk of the strong dominating the weak. When it was time to eat I noticed an additional bowl next to the bowl that we normally eat from. It was overflowing with food and I saw my name written along the front of it in large capital letters. Vincent and Josie took turns eating from their usual bowl. After eating my fill all three of us cuddled together under the desk and we fell asleep contented. 

When I awoke I had a splitting headache and my entire body was stiff. I looked around for my siblings but my vision was blurry. I couldnt see but I could smell and I knew exactly where I was. I was back in the cage being guarded by lab coat wearing terrorists. As I started to regain consciousness the realization that I really needed to escape from this place began to solidify in my mind. My escape from this prison will soon take place, as youll find out if you continue reading. I heard one of them approaching so I shut my eyes tight. 

Better not let on that Im awake until I can find an opportunity to escape. 

I heard voices. Again I could tell it was me they were talking about. 

Hes going to be just fine but we had to put a warning sign outside his cage. He turned into a mean cat. Said the voice. 

I heard the door opening and then someone reaching inside the cage. 

Nows my opportunity! I thought. Reeeeowww 

I screeched and struck out with my claws. I was about to connect with my target when I heard something that made me draw back. 

Christopher! shouted a very surprised voice. 

This voice was familiar. It was Jeffery Chambers. He was alive and no doubt came to rescue me. I rushed to the door of the cage pressing my face against it to be as close to my rescuer as possible. I began to cry nnraaowww, nnraaoww, nnreeoww, over and over again. I was overjoyed to see him. I couldnt even control my emotions. Once again the pleasant warm feeling that I felt when around him gripped my body and all the pain and fear and anxiety disappeared. 

It had to be him, I thought. I should have known. He was the only one that could have taken me out of this situation. Out of this pit of despair. 

On the car ride home I couldnt stop talking about all that had happened to me. I know Jeffery couldnt understand me but he just listened and said there, there. I know. I know, in a calm and relaxed voice. I didnt even mind being in the plastic cage he was using to transport me because I knew that from here on out everything was going to be all right. As long as I could remain with Jeffery Chambers I would be ok. So it became very important for me to stay close to him.

When I smelled that we were back in the apartment I finally stopped crying. I was so happy to be home that when my cage door was opened I darted out sniffing the air of freedom. My body hurt. I was exhausted. But more than anything else I was famished. I headed towards our bowl maneuvering with difficulty still having that contraption around my neck to prevent me from examining my body. As I walked towards the bowl Vincent and Josie were in my path. They smelled and were looking at me with curiosity but when I approached they hissed and jumped out of the way. Apparently they didnt recognize me. 

No matter, I thought.

 For some reason what they thought about me no longer made a difference. As I approached the bowl my mouth watered. Even though it did not have my name in capital letters this looked like the best meal I had ever seen. I buried my face in the food and swallowed it down barely taking time to chew. I could feel Josie and Vincent as they cautiously sniffed me while my back was turned. After I had my fill, I turned around banging the contraption covering my head into the leg of a chair. Again I heard loud hissing from Vincent and Josie as I headed under the desk to rest my tired miserable bones. They both ran to the opposite corner of the room. 

Whatever. I thought, and quickly went to sleep.

As the weeks went by I began feeling less pain and more energy. After much whining and complaining from yours truly, Jeffery Chambers decided that it was finally time to take off the horrible contraption surrounding my head which made it difficult to see and also made me unrecognizable to my siblings. As he removed the device I could feel the cold air encircling the moist fur of my neck. I could finally examine my body and the first thing I did was to begin examining the area on my abdomen where the terrorists were conducting dreadful experiments on me. The fur had grown back over the patch but you could still see some evidence of the crime. As soon as my disguise was removed Josie and Vincent ran up to me and began sniffing me. 

Christopher where have you been? exclaimed Vincent. 

Its so good to see you. We thought you were dead brother, said Josie excitedly. She continued, So much has happened since you were gone. They temporarily replaced you with another beast that smelled just like you but he didnt look anything like you. It was hideous. 

I just stared at them in disbelief.

As the weeks passed I got stronger and stronger. One day as we were trying to figure out what was next on the agenda, I suggested a game of king of the jungle. Both Vincent and Josie looked very surprised. 

"Are you sure? asked Josie. Don't you remember what happened the last time we played?" 

Vincent added, "Wouldn't it be safer for you to play chase and run or some other game." 

Vincent said this with a sneer that hinted at a veiled threat. I used my surprised voice. 

"Oh! I'm sorry. If you're not up to it we can play a more..." I paused briefly to choose the appropriate word. "delicate game." 

That did the trick. The smug expression on Vincent's face turned to one of embarrassment then anger. He quickly attempted to conceal his feelings. 

"Look!" he said in a stern voice. "If you want to play then we'll play. Just be warned. I'm not going to take it easy on you." 

"Message received." 

With that I lunged at him this time catching him off guard. He didn't topple over though and the game had begun. We began with a match of strength as we wrestled each other to the ground. He was attempting to dominate me landing blow after blow and threatening to swallow me up by opening his jaw wide enough to encompass my face. Ordinarily I would have been intimidated but considering all I'd been through in the last couple of months Vincent's threats had no impact on me. He put me in a headlock. 

"This is not going to end well for you. Submit!" 

Panting heavily I wriggled free of his hold and leapt to my feet. Again I was on the attack leaping with renewed vigor on top of him. He caught me with his large paws extended and using my momentum against me flipped me over and my body came crashing to the floor with a loud thud. Josie was observing all of this, sitting comfortably at a safe distance. In the corner of my eye I could see her flinch as my body hit the ground. Again we embraced in a death lock each of us refusing to give in. This went on for what seemed like an eternity. Finally Vincent leaped to his feet. 

"This has gone on for long enough!" 

He then leaped on top of me and landed on my wound. A sharp pain pierced through my side and I screamed in agony. Suddenly the door swung open and Josephine Chambers came running toward us to break up the fight. As I was being carried away to the other room I gave a sharp glare at Vincent as if to say, This isnt over. 

After some time had passed and the door separating us had been reopened I approached Vincent stealthily my head close to the ground and my legs prepared to spring on top of my prey when the time was right. Vincent looked at me wearily as I approached. 

Still?? he exclaimed as he prepared for my attack. 

The Chambers had gone out of the apartment so this time we would not be interrupted. We both lunged at each other simultaneously. Our heads hit one another and you could hear a sharp crack. We both unloaded pent up emotions, which was expressed in bites scratches and blows. You could hear Josie shouting in the background 

Stop it! Youre going to kill each other! 

We just fought all the harder. I could tell Vincent was getting very tired but he refused to show it. 

Panting he said, Look! I know you cant keep this up for very much longer. If you dont submit soon your body will give out and you wont be getting back up. If you wont submit then lets call it a truce. I dont want your death on my conscience and Josie would suffer terribly as well. Is that what you want? Think of her. 

For some reason I saw no need to avoid death like the last time we fought. 

Never! You submit! I shouted and just continued to embrace Vincents body with my limbs. 

As he tried to wriggle free I could feel he was becoming exhausted. 

Just a little while longer, I thought. 

Then gradually I began to hear a ringing in my ears. As the room began to rock back and forth I looked over at Josie and she had a shocked expression on her face. 

Whats happening, I thought. 

I looked at Vincent and I could see that he had gradually turned his body around to face me. He also had an expression of shock on his face and I could barely hear him as he shouted.

You win! I submit! 

But I couldnt release my hold. In fact my limbs began to grip tighter and then tremble. My entire body then began to shake violently. Vincent somehow was able to break my grasp and retreat. As I saw he and Josie huddled in the corner staring at me in terror I began to feel the sensation that my mind was being shaken free from my body. Something had a grip on me and was pulling me out of my body, out of the room, out of the universe to another realm. Blackness overtook my vision but the sensation of being taken somewhere continued. The journey felt like an eternity but finally the sense of movement stopped and I felt as if we had suddenly come to an abrupt halt. Everything was black and silent. I tried to turn my head but it felt as if I had no head to turn. It was as if my mind was separated from my body and taken to a place where fleshly bodies were of no use. 

Is there someone there? I shouted. 

Well actually Im not sure if I shouted or not, being that I no longer had lungs or a throat to shout with. Suddenly I began to hear indistinct whispering. 

Who is there? I repeated. 

Is this him? said a deep voice. 

Yes but hes nowhere near ready, responded a raspy voice. 

As quickly as I was brought to this place I could feel my mind or intellect or whatever being gripped and rushed back in the opposite direction toward a distant speck of light. Faster and faster I was rushed toward the speck until I was engulfed in brightness. Illumination surrounded me then blurry colors started to appear. Soon after, I had the sensation of being thrust back into my body. My lungs were empty so I immediately began gasping for air. As my chest quickly rose and fell I could feel the blood pumping into my extremities. I could feel something stroking my shaking body and trying to calm me. As my vision returned I looked up and saw two great figures overshadowing me. Jeffery and Josephine Chambers were crouched over me and I could hear Jefferys concerned voice. 

He must have had a seizure. He sighed deeply. Epilepsy. On top of all his other problems. 

I have never heard of an animal having so many problems, responded Josephine. 

As they helped me to my feet I felt totally drained of energy. I looked down to the ground and noticed two puddles at both ends of my body. As I headed under the desk I looked back to see Josephine kneeling down with wet rags to clean the mess I had made on the floor. As I pushed my way into the dark warm corner under the desk I could feel the breath of my siblings as they sniffed me then began rubbing up against me. I was reminded of the dream I had while I was in captivity, of the three of us cuddling together and falling asleep under this very same desk. My body was exhausted but my mind felt as if it were awakening for the very first time. A need began to grow within me that was greater than my need for rest. I had the need to interact with others, to try and reason out what it was that was happening to me and why. 

Vincent, Josie are you awake? I whispered. 

They responded at the same time. 

Yes. 

Do you ever wonder how we got here? I mean, are we here for a reason, and if so what is it? 

Josie responded first. 

Dont you remember? Our mother sent us here to live with the Chambers. We are here because they need us. 

I shook my head then replied matter of factly. 

You are misunderstanding the question. I know how we got to this apartment but how did we get to be alive in the first place? Did someone make us? And if so, did someone make them? Are we meant to do something in particular? Are there rules? What Im asking is what is the purpose... 

We, Vincent interrupted, are not supposed to ask those questions? 

Oh? I replied. Why not? How do you know that 

Instinct, he replied, again interrupting my line of inquiry. He continued, I have a feeling that guides me and tells me what I need to do and what I need to know. I feel it in my gut and not in my head. Do you know what that feeling is telling me right now? Before giving me an opportunity to answer Vincent continued, Its telling me not to consider those questions you just asked. Its telling me that those are dangerous questions. Its the same feeling I got that time when I first saw the mop creature. My advice to you is to forget these questions. 

With that Vincent closed his eyes and immediately fell asleep. After a long moment of silence Josie spoke. 

Maybe hes right. Some questions are better left unanswered. Weve gotten this far without asking such questions. Dont worry yourself unnecessarily. Life is good and will stay like this forever. 

After stating this as a matter of fact, she buried her head in my side and quickly fell asleep. I could here the both of them now lightly snoring. I wanted to continue the conversation. To bring up the fact that up to this point nothing has stayed the same and if the pattern continues as it has so far, we should be expecting another change to come soon. 

Where will this all end? I thought. 

I wanted to continue searching for some sort of conclusive idea but as I watched my siblings soundly asleep, I realized it was of no use. I wouldnt be getting any answers tonight. So I closed my eyes and went to sleep. 

I dreamed that I was lying on Jefferys lap and he was stroking my fur. Every time he passed his hand across my body I could feel waves of energy entering into me. I felt warmth radiating from my core and I began purring affectionately. As I walked around the apartment everything around me lit up as if light were emanating from my body. I saw Vincent and Josie and they began bowing down before me. 

When I awoke I had the sensation of having slept a long time. My body was fully rested and all the excitement of the previous day seemed to have happened in the distant past. As I stretched, I noticed that both Vincent and Josie were also waking up. Something seemed different about the day. It felt as if things were indeed going to be perfect from this point on. I remembered Josies assurance from last night and laughed to myself. I could hear steps approaching and then a voice. 

Are you guys hungry? 

It was Jeffery Chambers. My mouth began watering as he filled our communal bowl to the brim with moist pellets of food. The three of us all reacted simultaneously running up to the bowl with tails wagging. Vincent and I stopped short as Josie buried her face in food. She ate her fill then ran off satisfied still leaving a feast for Vincent and I. We both paused to see what the other would do. I acted first lowered my head and began eating greedily. I then felt an affectionate rub as Vincent pressed his head against mine and began to eat right along side me. Although the bowl was to small for the both of our heads to reach inside and not touch, it wasnt a problem. Things were going to be ok. It was like when we were little. 

After our post meal nap we were feeling very much full of energy and in need of a release. I suggested a game of chase and run and all were in agreement. We must have played for hours but it seemed like only a few minutes because we were having so much fun. Finally we decided to take a break, as something had caught Josies eye in the corner. It was a white plastic bag used for carrying groceries. It must have fallen on the ground unnoticed and been pushed into the corner. Josie quickly approached it and pulled it into the center of the room. Vincent and I watched as she managed to fit her entire head into the hole of the bag. She was curious to see what was on the inside. Suddenly there was a loud strike on the wall from a neighboring apartment and it must have startled Josie because she jumped and began running with the bag over her head. She loudly crashed into a group of metal folding chairs, which made the loud reverberating sound of something hard striking metal. The sound only startled her more as she ran in the opposite direction with the bag still on her head and ran right into the wooden door. The Chambers had invited some guests over and they began laughing loudly at this spectacle. The commotion just caused Josie to panic more and she finally came to a stop wedging her panting terrified body behind the couch in the darkness. We watched as Jeffery moved the couch then proceeded to pick her up. He removed the bag and began consoling her. When he put her down she ran furiously and hid under our table in the darkness. We immediately joined her. As I pressed my body against hers to comfort her, I could feel her heartbeat racing a million miles a minute. Gradually it slowed until finally, it beat normally. Josie sighed deeply and sobbed. 

Despite these sudden bursts of excitement the weeks passed quickly and calmly. A feeling of lasting contentment seemed to be shared by all in the apartment. Maybe Josie and Vincent were right and there was nothing to worry about after all. However, one day something changed. 

We began noticing cardboard boxes being accumulated and Josephine Chambers was busier than usual working and filling these boxes with various items. The feeling of change began to prick me. I didnt like what was happening although I couldnt quite understand what was going on and why I didnt like it. Vincent and Josie played and slept as if nothing were changing. I approached Vincent. 

Have you noticed our caretakers acting strange lately? 

No. He quickly replied. 

I said, I have a strange feeling that something bad is about to happen but I dont know what. Ive also been getting a strange vibe from Jeffery Chambers when he strokes my back. Its almost as if hes apologizing for something hes done or is about to do. 

Here we go again, said Vincent impatiently. With you, the bowl is always half empty. Maybe youre right and something is about to change, but why does it immediately have to be a bad change? Why cant it be something good thats about to happen? 

Josie walked up to us inquisitively. 

Whats going on? she asked. 

Ol Doom and Gloom here, is predicting a calamity, said Vincent sarcastically. 

I felt irritated. 

I was only suggesting that maybe we should be prepared for a change, I responded defensively. 

Josie looked compassionately at me. 

Dont worry Christopher. Everything is going to be alright. 

Then she rubbed her body against mine in passing and walked away. 

See, said Vincent. Im not the only one who thinks youre worrying yourself unnecessarily. 

Maybe your right, I said unconvincingly. 

I then turned to walk away. I thought back to the time when we first came to this apartment and of Vincents reaction to being in a new place. At that time our roles were reversed. 

I guess this memory slipped his mind, I thought.

One day there was a loud knock on the door. All movement in the room suddenly stopped and everyone looked toward the door. There was a long pause, and then the knock was repeated. This time Josephine Chambers sprang to her feet and went to the door. She opened the door and a woman entered carrying three metal cages, which immediately reminded me of my ordeal at the vet. I quickly ran under the desk and Josie and Vincent instinctively sensing danger followed me. 

Whats happening? asked Josie. 

I peeked out and around the corner to see Jeffery Chambers walking toward us. Jeffery reached under the table and began pulling us out by our legs. Although we were being forced against our will we didnt dare strike out at Jeffery Chambers. He was our protector. 

If he was responsible for whatever was about to happen then it had to be for our benefit, we kept telling ourselves. 

After the three of us were placed into the cage a blanket was placed over the cage blocking out all light. We then felt movement as our cage was lifted and we were being transported. Our cage was placed into a vehicle and the next thing you know we are driving down the road. I recognized the feeling from when I came back from the vets office. After traveling forever and a day, I whispered to Vincent in the dark. 

What are we going to do? Do you have a plan? 

Theres really nothing we can do, he whispered back. We just have to wait and find out where we are going to end up. You know, like last time. 

I had enough. 

Im not just going to see where I end up, I said indignantly. Not this time. This time Im going to take action. 

Though I had no idea what action to take. I began pacing up and down the cage. 

How could Jeffery Chambers do this to me? I lamented. Doesnt he know how much I need him? Betrayal is a part of life I have come to accept. But not from you Jeffery! Not from you! 

My eyes began to fill with tears and I felt something strange happening. The warm sensation that always accompanied my thoughts of Jeffery Chambers began to change. Anger began to bubble up into my heart. I felt an intense desire to revenge myself on Jeffery Chambers if it was the last thing I did. I could fill pressure building in my head as if it were about to explode then I felt that familiar ringing in my ears. My body began to spasm and I could feel my bones knocking loudly against the metal bars of the cage. I heard our capturer say something as she moved the car to the side of the road. As the blanket was quickly snatched from the cage light fluttered in at us in all directions. Our cage was opened and I could feel the fresh sensation of outside air. It quickly revived me and I leaped out of the cage onto the woman that had abducted us. Instinctively she shielded her face with her arms but I was not aiming at her face. I jumped onto her shoulder and bounded off of her onto the moist pavement. She turned to come after me but she then looked back at the opened cage. I signaled for Vincent and Josie to follow me but they just stood there frozen. As she turned to lock the cage I darted into the woods that lie on the side of the road. I would never see my siblings again.

Chapter 3 - You may not be interested in war but war is interested in you - Leon Trotsky

As I heard my abductor approaching I walked deeper into the woods. She was relentless. No matter how far in I traveled, when I stopped for a moment I could hear her footsteps pursuing me. Finally I decided to break into a gallop. I would run fast and hard until I was sure she had turned back. So I ran for what seemed to be ages. I didnt know where I was going. I just knew I had to keep running. After I felt I had run a great distance, I began to feel safe from my pursuer. 

She surely must have turned back by now. I have penetrated too far into this unknown area. 

As the realization of how far I had penetrated began to sink into my mind a new feeling emerged. The feeling of safety for having escaped capture quickly began to be replaced with feelings of insecurity. I stopped and hid behind a large tree. 

I must listen to confirm that I am safe, I decided. 

My ears moved slightly and adjusted to take in my new environment. I listened but all was silent in the direction of my pursuer. Gradually my ears began twitching and were drawn in the opposite direction. I could hear faint voices. I began walking toward the sound and as I did they became louder. The uproar sounded almost like shouting but not quite. As I continued to walk I could now here one voice distinctly. 

That filthy mutt! Bandit is a grimy mutt! 

Another voice agreed adding, That mutt is skanless. I never liked that mutt anyways. 

A third voice chimed in, See mutts these days They dont understand. Ill snuff a mutt. I dont care! 

As the voices continued to discuss the subject of mutts and their views on them, the branch I was leaning against gave way and broke. I tumbled down the slope and into the clearing where there stood a large group of cats, some standing others lazily lying down. The cats that were having the unintelligible conversation approached me, and the largest one spoke. 

What do we have here? Whats crackin mutt? 

I just looked at him. 

Is he asking me a question? I wondered. 

Apparently offended by my silence one of the cats that was standing in the crowd but watching attentively as the scene unfolded ran up to me menacingly. 

Do we have a problem? Youre too good to talk to us? Gonzo asked you whats crackin? You think youre better than us? 

He shot these questions out rapidly without waiting for a response. He now began walking around me staring me threateningly in the eyes. I looked him right back in the eyes, not out of defiance but simply out of curiosity because I didnt understand what was happening. Apparently making eye contact was the wrong thing to do because his countenance changed. His eyes widened and his angry expression transformed into one of extreme rage. His eyes watered and turned red and he began shouting angrily. 

Mutts is crazy! They dont understand! Im no civilian! Ill snatch a mutt up!! 

Suddenly Gonzo came to my aid stepping in front of the cat. 

Naw, hes cool. He just didnt understand me. Whats your name? 

Im Christopher, I replied. 

Suddenly the crowd began to break out in loud laughter. All except the cat that threatened me that is. He paced off to the side, still fuming and trying to calm down. 

Thats a stupid name! shouted someone from the crowd. 

Hes right it is a stupid name, agreed Gonzo. How bout we call you Bully? Because you just punked that mutt Chavo and put him in his place. 

Again thunderous laughter erupted from the crowd. This was too much for Chavo to take. He rushed at me bearing his fangs. I stepped back, ready to beat a retreat but before Chavo got anywhere near me he was pushed back into the crowd by three or four powerful cats. 

You hungry Bully? Gonzo asked. 

He tossed a large chunk of mystery meat from an unidentifiable carcass at my feet. Everyone looked at me as if this was some type of initiation. The meat smelled really bad and part of it was discolored as if it had already begun to rot. 

This is prime, said Chavo burying his face in the side of the carcass. 

He noisily tore away part of the green flesh and began chewing. Again all eyes were on me. I bent down and sniffed a section that looked to be the freshest. As I wrinkled my nose I could see some in the crowd becoming angry. However as I sunk my teeth into the flesh and began chewing the anger dissipated. Everyone looked contented. I succeeded in forcing the meat down my throat trying not to breathe in its stench. But it was impossible. My eyes began watering and my stomach turned. 

You want more? asked Gonzo. 

I quickly shook my head. 

No thanks. 

Some of the cats dragged the carcass away and I could hear loud smacking noises as the majority of the crowd surrounded the meal. 

Before you came we was talking about this mutt named Bandit. He thinks hes better than us because wes mixed breeds, said Gonzo. Hes a mixed breed too but someone told him he looks like a pure breed. Since then he walks around like hes better. I fought that mutt five times and beat him twice. 

Suddenly Gonzo began to get worked up just as Chavo had earlier. 

Just talking about that mutt pisses me off. Thats it Im fin to get dat mutt. You down? asked Gonzo, looking to the cat on his right. The cat nodded. You down? he repeated, looking to the cat on his left. This cat also nodded. He then looked at me. You down Bully? I quickly nodded. He said, So tonight well meet at the rocks and well whoop him and teach him a lesson right? 

He was addressing everyone but he looked at me awaiting a response. 

I cant come, I said. 

Then you aint down! exclaimed Gonzo. 

With that the cats marched off muttering to themselves, He aint down! 

I once again found myself alone. Before I could decide my next move, another loud conversation caught my attention. Someone was definitely being shouted at this time and in a most humiliating way. 

I said get over here now! thundered the voice. 

I looked to see a multi-colored calico cat sternly pointing to the ground just in front of him. His gray eyes were locked on a white mixed breed dog standing some distance from him. The dog lowered his head in shame and slowly walked towards the cat. When the dog finally reached him the cat seized him violently by the collar and jerked his head down so that they were at eye level. The cat then quickly attached a leather leash to his collar and proceeded to beat him with the other end of the leash. I shuddered as the humiliating scene unfolded. With one paw the cat was clutching the collar and with the other he was beating his victim. All the while he shouted. 

When I call you, you come immediately! Do! You! Un! Der! Stand! Me? 

With each syllable he loudly struck the dog in his face. I began frowning as I heard the poor dog yelping in pain each time he was mercilessly beat. Suddenly the cat looked over at me with indignation in his eyes. 

What? he shouted angrily. Hes my property! He has to learn who the master is! 

The cat turned and walked away, occasionally jerking on the leash as the dog followed submissively. I shook my head in bewilderment at what I had just witnessed. 

How could an animal treat another animal like that? 

Suddenly I noticed a crowd of mammals gathering to my left. They were present even while the white dog was being beaten but I didnt quite notice them as my mind was distracted. They seemed to be in dispute with some officials. Two large black cats were demanding to see their papers. 

These tags are expired! exclaimed one of the officials. 

Thats impossible sir. We were issued these tags just a couple of hours ago, protested a raccoon. 

See for yourself. They expired fifteen minutes ago, said the official displaying the tag prominently in the eyes of the raccoon. You cant remain in Cuyamonga with expired tags. I have to give you a fine and you need to get temporary travel tags. 

Suddenly a fox who was among the animals exclaimed. 

This is madness! 

Calm yourself, warned one of the officials sternly. 

Its alright. Calm down, whispered a jackrabbit. 

Its not alright! And I wont calm down! shouted the fox. He wants to send us to the registry at the other end of Cuyamonga to get temporary travel tags so that we can pass through Lumpenproleteria. The only problem is that by the time we get to the registry it will be closed. That doesnt really matter though because the temporary tags would have expired by the time we crossed Lumpenproleteria to reach Fostoria! 

Wait, why do we need to go to Fostoria? someone asked. 

Because, exclaimed the indignant fox, The registry in Fostoria is the only location authorized to issue us permits to work in Cuyamonga! This is the fifth time I have had to go through this humiliating process which seems purposely designed to keep certain animals from settling in any one area! 

You were warned! shouted the official. 

They proceeded to arrest the fox and place him in a cage. 

Anyone else want to disturb the peace of Cuyamonga? exclaimed one of the black cats. His eyes flashed across the crowd threateningly. I didnt think so. Now go and get your temporary tags before I have you all arrested for overstaying your permits! 

I decided to duck behind a rock until these officials left the area. As I sat there alone, I became absorbed in my thoughts. 

What kind of place is this? Ive never seen such strange behavior from animals before. True, this is my first real exposure to foreign animals but I would never have imagined that they could behave so strangely. 

I suddenly became aware that I was not alone after all. Standing off to the side staring at me curiously was one of the animals that were present during my encounter with the hostile cats. 

Hello, I said. 

Are you him? He asked hopefully. 

This cat seemed different than the other strangers I had met. He had a calmer demeanor and a less aggressive manner of speech. I just looked back, not sure of how to answer considering that I was in a strange place with different customs. I now knew from experience that the wrong response or reaction could cause these inhabitants to fly into a rage. 

Him? I repeated inquisitively. 

Yes. The Great One. According to the prophecy he will come from a far away realm and bring peace to the land. He will solve all of our problems and teach us how to live. So again I ask, are you him? 

I was in a foreign land with hostile natives and nowhere to spend the night. 

I thought, If I tell him I am this Great One, Im guaranteed to be taken in by this creature and given the royal treatment at that. I asked myself, Am I capable of deceiving this naive creature? 

Looking him directly in the eyes I replied, No. I am not him. Sorry friend. 

With that I turned to walk away. But he responded loudly. 

I dont believe you! 

Astounded I turned back around to face him. 

What do you mean you dont believe me? 

He said, I think you are the Great One but maybe you just dont know it yet. You see you fit the description of the Great One. My name is Chauncey by the way, and its obvious to me that you are from another realm. When you were speaking with the citizens of Cuyamonga you reacted like a stranger. At first I thought, Maybe hes from the outer territories or possibly even one of Socrates spies. But as you continued to speak it became apparent to me that you arent even from Kliev. You must be from another realm. Tell me if Im wrong. Where are you from? 

Now obviously I couldnt exactly answer that question with any accuracy being that I wasnt exactly sure myself. My silence was all the confirmation he needed. From the satisfied look on his face I could tell there was nothing I could say that would convince him otherwise. 

You see Great One, he continued. Theres nothing in the prophecy that says The Great One would recognize immediately that he is the Great One. Your not being able to recognize who you are, just confirms the prophecy. 

Tell me about this prophecy. I implored. 

Ill tell you, on the way to meet the others, he replied. 

Others? What others? 

Oh you didnt think I was the only one awaiting your arrival did you? There are animals waiting to receive you from Fostoria to as faraway as Kliev, which is Socrates territory. 

Where am I? I wondered. And who is this Socrates? This is the second time he is mentioning him.

 I had to pace myself. Hopefully all of my questions would be answered in due time. 

You see, Chauncey continued. Once upon a time there was a prophet and he spoke of a cat that would change the world. He would put an end to the war, and all animals no matter what species, would live together in peace and harmony. All animals would be equal so there would be no more need to fight. At first he just spread the message to all of the inhabitants of Zarathustra's territory of Cuyamonga and only to cats. But as his message began to spread he began speaking to dogs, squirrels, rabbits, and birds. He spoke to any animal that would listen. 

As we walked Chauncey would frequently slow down or stop altogether to explain a particular part of the story that he found intriguing. He stopped and looked at me with wide excited eyes. 

Then one day the unthinkable happened! He paused. The prophet crossed into Socrates' territory of Kliev and continued to spread his message. Many animals listened to him and believed that what he was saying was possible. Of course not everyone accepted his message. Some animals benefit from the current state of inequality. 

What Chauncey was saying was very interesting to me because I had my own thoughts on equality remembering back to those disagreements with Vincent and Josie. 

Can you take me to that prophet? I would like to speak to him? I asked. 

Oh he disappeared a long time ago. Zarathustra finally tired of his prophesying. 

He said this mournfully but also as if it were to be expected. As we walked we passed many disturbing sights. For example I saw dogs on leashes that were being led by cats. I also saw some cats on leashes and some in cages. I tried not to stand out too much so I tried to hide my look of shock at these sights. Suddenly just ahead a crowd started to form along a wide path that cut through the woods. On both sides of the path cats were pressing in on each other trying to get a glimpse of what was going on in the path. 

Whats that? I said inquisitively pointing my nose in the direction of the crowd. 

I dont know? Lets have a look. Chauncey replied. 

As we approached we heard excited voices saying, There he is! Another voice replied, Where? I dont see anything. And a third voice declared, Hes even bigger than I expected him to be. Chauncey nudged one of the bystanders. 

Whats going on? 

The cat responded, Hannibal just passed through here with some of his troops. Shame you missed it. Its not everyday you get a chance to see history in the making. 

With that we continued on our way but just as I was about to ask Chauncey about what we had just witnessed I heard a loud authoritative shout directed at us. 

Halt you two!! Where are your papers? 

Two large black cats that marched in unison quickly approached us and began sniffing us threateningly. One of them seized Chauncey by his collar and began examining a metal tag that was attached. 

You are from the lower district? he asked gruffly. Before even letting him answer he commanded, Be on your way! 

What about this one? He doesnt even have a collar, said the other official. Better bring him with us. The leader cant afford any loose ends at this stage of the campaign. 

Chauncey protested, Sirs this is 

Did we ask for your input? shouted the first official interrupting Chauncey in the middle of his sentence. 

Chauncey put his head down and sadly walked away. 

Your coming with us! commanded the officials in unison.

They then placed a black hood over my head and led me away. I was marched to the point of exhaustion, up hills, down narrow paths and even through what seemed to be narrow tunnels. When we finally came to a stop and the hood was roughly wrenched from off my head I was in a room. It was very dark. The two officials were standing by the door. Sitting across from me was another official but you could tell from his posture and also the way the other two officials avoided eye contact with him that he was their superior. He looked at me. 

We just need to ask you a few questions and I want you to think very carefully about how youre about to answer these questions, because your future depends upon it. He paused. Now who are you and where are you from? 

Truthfully at this point, I was unsure of how to respond. Was I Christopher, Bully, the Great One? I meditated for a while then looked up. 

I am the Great One. I am from another realm. 

Upon hearing my response the guards by the door burst out in laughter. It wasnt the reaction I was expecting but at least it didnt cause them to fly into a rage. The face of the commanding officer remained unchanged. He shot a sharp glance over at the guards and they immediately stopped laughing. 

Leave us! he commanded. 

Without another word they both exited and closed the door tight behind them. The commanding officer looked at me calmly with a serious expression on his face. 

Let me tell you a story, he began. Once upon a time there was a superior breed of pure blood felines. They were perfect in body and mind and they ruled the world wisely and justly. The lower breeds looked to them for instruction and they gave it. The land was at peace and nature was content because all life forms were in perfect balance. Then one day a mutant cat with a sick twisted mind came along and decided to throw this balance out of order. His uprisings cost my ancestors the purity of our blood and our lifespan was greatly reduced as a result of the mixing of breeds. But as sad as it was, it happened long ago in ancient times. Now lets talk about the present. A great cat was born in our day who recognized the injustice perpetrated on our breed. His name is Zarathustra. He could have resigned himself to just safeguarding this knowledge and insuring that future generations also had access to it. But this wasnt enough for him. He set off to put right what was made wrong so many ages ago. Equipped with nothing but sure willpower, he was able to rise to glory and take control of the future of our breed. This was not an easy task but he rose to the challenge and accepted it. He paused. Now, one of the difficulties encountered when developing the master breed is that you have a lot of waste products, which take the form of sub-animals or vermin. Im sure you noticed some of these, as you walked throughout the territory. These sub-animals have a corrupting influence on society and especially on our youth because the young are so impressionable. For example did you notice that some of these lower breed cats call each other mutt? 

He said this word mutt with a look of utter disgust. 

Do you know what this means? 

I shook my head. 

It is a diminutive slur for dogs. But they are not ashamed of it. They actually call each other mutts as if being a mutt is something to be proud of. Other animals have picked up this habit and now lower breed cats, and vermin from many species can be found calling each other mutts. The commanding officer shook his head in irritation. Another example of corruption is the way these sub-animals cross the highway defiantly almost daring vehicles to strike them. Flattened corpses can be seen littering the highway. One would think this would serve as a caution and a reminder of our mortality but on them it has the very opposite effect. In the twisted minds of these sub-animals, the danger adds to the allure of crossing defiantly. The corpses serve as a proof of their courage and boldness in crossing the dangerous road. Our youth admire this boldness and aspire to be like these sub-animals. Have you ever heard such nonsense? exclaimed the commanding officer. These are just two examples of corruption. There are many others. You may wonder why we dont just eliminate this corrupting influence. Believe me, there are many who feel that this is the only solution. But you see The officer shrugged. There are too many of them. Exterminating so many animals at once would create too much of a scandal. In his wisdom Zarathustra has devised various means of cleansing our breed without creating too much resistance. One of these means is called Anesthesis. An operative was selected from the higher breeds of our society and he was given a message to deliver to the lower breeds. This message was specially scripted to be very appealing to these lower breeds. It talked about love and peace and all kinds of other absurd nonsense that only a lower being could accept. His mission was to spread the message to the cats in Cuyamonga only. But as he recited the scripted text to the inhabitants over and over again and saw their reactions to it, something unexpected happened. He began believing the message. He spread it with more zeal than before and he even began adding to the text. Against orders he spread the message across species. We still arent sure how he accomplished this because according to our files he should not have been able to speak the languages of these various species. Just as we were about to send troops to have this traitor arrested do you know what he did next? 

Reluctantly I responded He crossed the border into Kliev? 

The interrogator continued, Yes. And now that brings us to you. Weve spoken about the past and present. Now lets talk about the future. More specifically your future. Most suspects we interrogate are possible insurgents but when asked who they are they always lie. This is the first time we ever interrogated someone who claimed to be the leader of an opposing form of government founded by a known traitor whose sole aim is the overthrow of our leadership. Now do you want to revise your statement? 

I swallowed nervously. 

Im not the Great One. 

He stood up angrily and thundered, There is no Great One! Youre not special! No one is! The question is who are you? 

Im Christopher, I nervously replied. 

See? Now was that so hard? he asked in a calmer voice. 

He sat back down. 

Where are you from Christopher? 

I looked down at the floor. 

So youre not talking huh? Well, we have ways of making you talk. 

I thought, So its to be torture than. I can handle torture. 

I began to remember all I endured at the hands of the terrorists who removed my bladder stones. It seemed as if the interrogator were aware of my thoughts. 

You may think youre capable of withstanding what we have in store for you but think again. Once we begin, youll wish you had never been born. 

With that he stood up and walked toward the door. It opened and he walked out. I walked over to the door and put my ear against it. The voices were muffled but I distinctly heard someone say, Hes no threat. In fact after some reeducation he may even make a useful citizen. I walked over to the corner of the room and lay down facing the wall. Exhausted, I quickly fell asleep. 

I was awoken by a noise above my head. I looked up to see one of the bricks in the wall being pulled outward revealing a large hole where the brick used to be. I stared in anxious anticipation at the hole in the wall when suddenly a head popped into the room through the hole. It was the head of a squirrel. 

You Christopher? The squirrel asked. Chauncey sent me to rescue you. He says youre the Great One. I said to him If hes the Great One, why does he need rescuing? Nevertheless you are obviously one of us. Lets get you out of here brother. 

At that he pulled his head back through the hole. Immediately I jumped up and climbed through the hole, which was just big enough for me to squeeze through. Finally wriggling my body through the hole, I looked up and noticed it was nighttime. All was dark. 

Follow me, whispered the squirrel. 

So I followed him. We eventually ended up along the side of a road. It looked to be the same road I was on when I first entered this land.

This is as far as I can take you brother, said the squirrel. Just follow this road keeping your head down and be as quiet as possible. If you keep moving you should reach the border by morning. 

I walked all night long. Exhausted, I decided to rest for a few minutes. I closed my eyes and immediately I heard the sound of leaves rustling. I quickly opened my eyes but didnt move a muscle. Although my eyes were only closed for a few moments it felt as if I were awakening from sleep. I noticed the sun was beginning to rise. I felt a need to get to the border as soon as possible even though I didnt know what I would find there. The territory I would enter had to be better than this strange land with its society rooted in inequality. I decided to run. I was a fish out of water. I didn't know where I was going I just knew I had to keep running. Before this adventure I had only been outside a couple of times in my life and they were only brief outings to the vet and back home. I also used to stare out the window of Jeffrey's apartment for hours fascinated by what I would see. I had no concept at the time of the size of the world, but now as I continue to run it's beginning to sink in. I was afraid. An uneasy feeling began to plague me. Disquieting thoughts crept into my mind. Suddenly my fears became reality as a dog at least six times my size leaped out from behind a large tree and began to chase me. The monster seemed intent on devouring me. As I frantically increased the speed of my running I could feel the hot breath of this beast against my tail. As my pursuer advanced I began to realize the utter futility of running. Just as I was about to give in to this predator I made a last ditch effort to escape. I decided to try and cross the highway. I shot across the road in no particular direction. Suddenly a loud screeching noise accompanied with horns blaring stopped my pursuer in his tracks. When I stopped to turn around and see what happened I noticed the monster running in the opposite direction. Suddenly I felt a rushing stiff breeze and everything went dark. I closed my eyes and crouched down in a ball of trembling terror. When I opened my eyes I noticed that it was light again and I saw a large vehicle racing away from me. It was much larger than any of the vehicles I had seen before. Apparently the vehicle had passed right over me scaring the large dog away. 

As I walked into the woods on the opposite side of the road I felt a strange sensation. It was the feeling of being in a new place. I knew at that moment that I was no longer in Cuyamonga. The atmosphere seemed less rigid. I walked a little while entering a field with tall wild grass that made it difficult to see the full extent of the land. After walking for a considerable distance into the field I noticed that the grass along my route was thinning out and there was a pile of dried leaves scattered in front of me. This didnt strike me as significant at the time so I just continued on. As I stepped onto the pile of dried leaves however, the ground suddenly gave way and I fell into a large pit. I tumbled head over heals finally striking my head on the earth at the bottom of the pit. After picking myself up I heard steps running towards the opening at the top of the pit. When I looked up I could see three silhouettes hovering over the entrance of the hole. This was obviously a trap. 

Now what? I thought, just before losing consciousness. 

When I awoke I was in a tract of land that appeared to have been cleared of weeds and grass. I tried to move but noticed that my paws had been tied tightly together with pieces of shoelace. To my left and right were other cats sitting in perfect rows. There were rows of cats ahead of me and rows behind me all staring forward at a large bonfire. The dancing lights seemed to mesmerize them. I whispered to the cat on my left. 

Where are we? Were you captured as well? 

He just looked at me with empty eyes and said the following. 

I am not special. I am not an individual. Without the masses I am nothing. I am not special. I am not an individual. Without the masses I am nothing. 

He then looked back ahead towards the fire. Now I have had some strange experiences since I began this adventure but so far this seemed to be the strangest. Suddenly I began to hear the sound of two sticks being struck together. I looked down the row and all at once the cats began chanting. 

I am not special. I am not an individual. Without the masses I am nothing. I am not special. I am not an individual. Without the masses I am nothing, over and over again. 

I began gnawing at my fetters. Surprisingly they tore free fairly easily and I was able to stand. I ran down the row of cats toward the aisle when gradually I noticed that they had stopped chanting. After exiting the row I looked back to see that the entire group of mesmerized cats were looking in my direction angrily. 

They now began chanting, You are not special. You are not an individual. Without the masses you are nothing. You are not special. You are not an individual. Without the masses you are nothing. 

They began to walk towards me breaking their formation of perfect rows. They didnt run however. They just walked steadily towards me trying to surround me. I heard a voice shout loudly. 

He must not escape! 

The voice came from somewhere beyond the bonfire. I dont know what this group had in mind for me but I wasnt about to stick around and find out. I ran with all my force through the tall grass and back towards the road. I felt as if I was running in the right direction but I must have somehow been turned around because the place where I entered at the edge of the field was nowhere in sight. I saw a large rock that stood above the tall grass. If I climbed on top I could surely see the road. I listened to make sure that the mob of cats I was fleeing from had gone back. All was silent for miles. After waiting a considerable period of time I hoisted my tired body up on top of the rock and looked around to see if I could locate the road. I noticed that I had been running in the opposite direction. Instead of exiting this land, I had penetrated even farther inland. At this point I didnt want to head in the direction of the road and risk running into the mob of zombie cats again, so I decided to just keep going in the same direction and hopefully I would find someone that could offer me shelter. 

As I walked through the field the sun began to gradually change positions in the sky. I was in a trance as I walked because the scenery never seemed to change. At times I feared I was going in circles. All at once the ground began to rise sharply and I found myself climbing uphill. After ascending this steep hill a great distance, I finally felt that I couldnt walk any further. But as I glanced around me it appeared that I didnt have to. My trek came to a sudden end at the edge of a cliff. 

As I looked out over the cliff I could barely believe my eyes. Actually I wasnt sure what it was I was looking at. 

Is this the ocean? I thought. 

I looked out at a vast valley that descended for miles. There was movement along the bottom of the valley that had the appearance of colorful rushing waves sweeping and breaking. It was beautiful. I squinted my eyes to get a better look. It couldnt be water because the waves were rushing in opposite directions and colliding in the middle of the valley. It was as if two massive rivers were running into each other. 

Where am I? I wondered. 

The sun began to go down and I realized that I needed to find shelter before nightfall. I looked back at the path I had traveled on. There was no shelter there and aside from some brainwashed inhabitants the land was desolate. My eyes followed along the edge of the cliff to my right and I saw the top of some trees. It looked promising so I decided to head in that direction. After staring at the strange waves that swept across the valley for a while, I noticed that I had regained a little more energy for the trek. 

As I entered the woods I perceived a great difference between this forest and the one I had been held prisoner in. The birds sang a little bit more cheerfully and the wild animals seemed to run about freely without a care in the world. A raccoon walked up to me smiling and waving his hands as if he wanted to get my attention. He appeared to want to ask me something. 

Esucxe em dneirf. Od uoy wonk woh I nac teg ot eht tnorf enil? 

I just looked at him. 

Im sorry I dont understand, I said. 

He didnt seem to be deterred by this. He just raised his voice a little and began speaking slower and gesturing. 

Od uoy wonk woh I nac teg ot eht tnorf enil? 

I shrugged my shoulders and shook my head. He gave a deep sigh in frustration and walked past me. It was starting to get dark. The inhabitants of this land seemed to be friendly but I really needed to find someone that I could understand before nightfall. I continued walking. Then I came to a stop as I saw at a distance a large Rottweiler dog walking across my path. I crouched down and remained perfectly still. He looked in my direction and stood erect sniffing the air. He then lowered his nose and continued on his way. 

That was a close one, I thought. He didnt see me. 

Pssst came a sound from the inside of a large hollowed out log. "Hey you. Get over here before that scoundrel comes back." 

I cautiously walked toward the sound of the voice. 

"I saw what you did earlier when you crossed into Fostoria. You must be some kind of daredevil or something to have tried that stunt. It almost worked too. It would have served him right. Justice for always chasing after us poor defenseless creatures. 

He paused then looked at me inquisitively. 

How did you devise such a plan? The timing would have needed to be perfect. And the courage Oh the bravery needed to put such a plan into effect was astounding. I'm Rizzo by the way. What's your name? said the cat with his paw pushed out ready for a greeting. 

I'm Christopher. 

Well Christopher I'm pleased to make your acquaintance. I haven't seen you around here before, are you just passing through with your gang? 

I looked at Rizzo with a puzzled expression. I had absolutely no idea what he was talking about. 

Err um That is I imagine you must have your own gang a natural born leader as yourself. 

I shook my head. 

Well then, I hope you'll consider a position that is now available in our gang. We happen to be looking for a leader. Our old leader Tom met his demise at the jaws of Prodjo. 

What's a Prodjo? I asked. 

He's a mutt nearly twice the size of that animal you sent running earlier. But I'm sure you'll be able to handle him. 

Believe me, I had a lot of questions but everything was happening so fast. 

Well we have plenty of time to get you up to speed. Let's introduce you to the rest of the gang. 

As Rizzo turned to lead the way I noticed that he only had half of a tale. Part of it was cut off. And it wasn't a clean cut either. The tip was mangled as if someone or something had chewed it off. He was a large cat. Or at least he used to be. One could tell by looking at him that he at one time was taken care of. He had a large frame, strong bones, and at one time this frame was covered in flesh. But now you could see his ribs. He was just fur and bones. Because of the near death experience I had just been through I hadn't really noticed Rizzo's emaciated state. But as my heart rate began returning to normal I started noticing certain details about my new friend Rizzo that shocked me. For instance, the corners of his eyes were filled with a yellowish substance that seemed as if it should block his vision but he didn't seem to mind. In fact he got on as if he could see just find. He slanted his head a little as he was talking to you. One got the impression that he was sizing you up or trying to figure you out while conversing. But I now realized that he was just lining you up with his field of vision, which was obstructed. This is not the first time Ive seen this condition. Once when my sister Josie was sick she had this substance in her eyes but Vincent and I would clean her face and then we would get on with our games. It certainly never got so bad that her vision was obstructed. She got over it. It wasn't a serious condition. I wondered about this gang. 

Why would they let one of their own walk around like this? 

Something else I noticed about my new friend is that he had a large gash on his back as if someone had tried to take his head off with a machete but they missed and clipped his back. The fur was gone. In fact the first layer of skin was broken and he was nursing an open wound. You wouldn't notice it when you were facing him except that every now and again he would turn around to lick his back. This in itself wasn't strange. This was a natural response when one got hurt. You would lick the affected area to ease the pain and eventually the pain wasn't there anymore. But there are some injuries that require more than just this natural medication. I knew this from experience. 

Where is the human to take care of him, to change his litter box, to soothe him when he is disturbed? I wondered. 

I had so many questions but I couldn't ask him now. We had just met. This was my only friend in this strange new world and if I in some way offended Rizzo I might be left alone again. I didn't have a plan. I was just going with the flow. I didn't know where the flow was taking me but as long as it took me far away from Cuyamonga I felt I would be all right.

I accompanied Rizzo for what seemed like hours. Steadily we ran under logs, over rocks, and between trees. We entered a clearing and I was suddenly hit with the smell of urine and rancid flesh. I was reminded of the awful smelling food I was offered the other day. Just ahead was a large wall of rock climbing high into the air. It hung over us inclining forward at the top. It served as a shelter for all those huddled under its protective shadow. What was huddled under that shadow was literally hundreds of cats. A large tomcat menacingly approached us. 

And what do we have hear? he asked. 

Rizzo stood erect. 

May I present to you, Christopher the Great! announced Rizzo excitedly. 

He doesnt look like much to me! shouted a voice from among the crowd. 

In the shadows I could see hundreds of glowing eyes sizing me up. It was true that with regards to size I was without a doubt the smallest cat in the shelter. 

Now hold on brothers hear me out, pleaded Rizzo. What our brother here lacks in size, he more than makes up for in brains. Why just look at him. You can tell by his appearance that hes never been out maneuvered. 

What I gather Rizzo meant by this was that in contrast to all present company I had all my appendages in tact, no missing eyes, half tails, or chewed off ears. In fact compared with this lot, I was quite healthy looking and I had a smooth clean coat of fur. Not like the matted, dirty mess of fur, fleas, and dirt that the rest of the gang was styling. It was reasoned that my appearance was a direct result of my having out smarted dogs and mice and cleverly charmed humans. 

It only stands to reason my brothers, exclaimed Rizzo as if he was rallying troops, that such a feline as this is just what we need to bring about real change. No more scrounging for food, no more being chased by dogs, and no more having to tolerate vermin. 

This last word, vermin was said with a sinister snarl. Everyone in the cave seemed to know what he meant by this because they began nodding in approval. I had no idea what Rizzo was going on about but the way he spoke of vermin gave me a feeling of irritation for some reason. 

Yes, cats and kittens it's a new day! 

All at once the crowd broke out in applause. The excited cascading of meows was interrupted however by the large tomcat. 

How may I ask is he going to do all of that? What's his plan Rizzo? I'll remind you we've been here before. We've gotten our hopes up only to be let down by false promises. Before we hand him the throne let's at least here his... Reeeeoowww!!! screeched the suddenly alert tomcat. 

But along with the attentiveness there was a look of what seemed to be madness. A wild mouse jetted across the ground and about ten of the cats began chasing him. They were right on his tail with the suddenly distracted tomcat leading the pack. I stared at the crowd in amazement as the caravan chased the intruder around the shelter in circles and figure eights. Everyone's eyes were intently fixed on the mouse with the same look of madness mixed with hatred. Each of the cats were running as if they were going to be the one to devour their prey. Again I looked at the crowd. Those who weren't chasing but were looking on, appeared to fancy, that they too were chasing the mouse. So the overall affect was that the intruder distracted the entire crowd. When I looked toward the action again I saw the convoy of predator and prey heading directly towards me at full speed. I caught the eye of the little mouse. He was looking at me as if I weren't an enemy but rather one of his comrades. Before I had time to even think about this strange turn of events, the mouse darted under me for protection and the caravan came to a screeching halt. All the cats in the alley suddenly came to, as if they were awakened from hypnosis. 

"Here it is brothers!" announced Rizzo. "You asked for it, and now you are about to witness our leader's plan to eradicate the vermin. It's the final solution!" 

Once again all eyes were on me. Now let me tell you something friends. Before these recent events, which have opened my eyes to the existence of inequality in the world, I would have understood chasing after and even roughing up a mouse like this. Not out of hatred or even hunger. But just for fun. The creature was a toy nothing more. But now things were different. When I looked at this creature I saw a face not too different from my own. I saw in his eyes a look of despair. I felt as if this creature could be spoken to. 

Eat him!! commanded the crowd. 

Well, what's it going to be? What are you waiting for? asked the tomcat. 

I looked down at the tiny creature. Instead of looking for an opportunity to escape the mouse looked up at me. I noticed his tiny mouth moving. At first I could only hear squeaking. But as I concentrated I began to hear a tiny voice speaking indistinguishable words. 

Ruoy eht taerg eno, tnera uoy? 

I concentrated harder and began to focus on the voice. 

"Help me! You are not like them. I can see it in your eyes. They can't be reasoned with but I can tell you understand that we're the same." 

On hearing this my mouth dropped open. This was partly because I was astounded at being able to understand this creature and partly because I now knew what I had to do. With one fell swoop I gobbled the mouse up in my mouth. The crowd went crazy with cheering. Gradually the cheering subsided and it was noticed that I wasn't chewing. Before the startled onlookers could say anything in protest I took off running and broke through the crowd. I ran down to the other end of the shelter and darted into the woods. Though a gang of cats was now running after me I stopped and hurriedly deposited the mouse on the ground. 

"Thanks Great One!" said the creature as he scurried off through a hole in the tree. 

"You had better have a good reason for doing that brother!" said the tomcat, who was now out of breath and again had the look of madness in his eyes.

The tomcats name was Hector and apparently he had been taking the lead in this gang since they lost their official leader. Judging from his objections to a new appointment of leader I could tell that he was not ready to relinquish the throne. Aside from my battles with Vincent I had never been in a serious fight. Although it seemed like it at the time I now realize that my battles with Vincent werent a matter of life and death. Most of the moves I knew were for evading an attack. 

"That was a meal you just let get away!! But you know youre not much bigger than he was so I guess you'll do, said Hector as he lunged at me with the same ferocity that the dog had earlier. 

I ducked and the tomcat went crashing into the trunk of a tree. This didn't seem to deter him though. He swung at me with a left claw, then a right. He was just barely missing my face and I could feel the closeness of his blows on my whiskers. I knew I couldn't keep this up much longer. As if he were reading my mind Hector screeched. 

You can't keep this up much longer! Now stop running and fight! 

Just then Rizzo arrived along with the rest of the gang. 

Break it up fellas. Let's not act like wild animals, Rizzo said, thrusting his body between us. 

Looking at Rizzo Hector shouted. 

You brought him here, so you're going to have to answer for his actions brother. 

Let's not lose our heads, returned Rizzo nervously. I'm sure Christopher had a good reason for letting that vermin escape. Right Christopher? 

Once again, all eyes were on me. Now, I knew why I did what I did and I was certain that it was the right thing to do at the time. In fact if I had the opportunity Im sure I would do it again. However articulating my thoughts and explaining it to this crowd seemed impossible. As I opened my mouth to speak I wasn't sure what words would come out. 

Well, well, well, if you arent the sorriest pack of flea ridden vermin I've ever had the disgrace of seeing 

These were the words. But they didn't seem to come from me. A look of first shock, then anger, then terror ran through the gang in quick succession, as my shadow grew larger. I suddenly realized why the words didn't seem to come from my mouth as I turned to see a beast even bigger than the first one that had chased me earlier that day.

Are you lost? growled the monster. 

At once I could here the sound of an army of cats fleeing and hiding. In hollowed out logs, under piles of dried leaves, behind large rocks they all hid. I appeared to be alone but I could tell that everyone was watching. My mind began to race. What could be done? It was too late to run. There was no chance of standing my ground before this monstrous beast. 

Maybe I can talk my way out of this, I thought. 

Then for some reason the situation with the mouse came into my mind. So instead of running I just looked up at the beast. 

Well aren't you going to run? snarled the monster. 

No. I surrender. If youre going to eat me there's nothing I can do about it. I just want you to look me in the eyes first, so you can get the full effect of what your about to do. 

The dog barked fiercely. 

Run you fool!!! 

I closed my eyes briefly out of fear then opened them quickly to stare my death in the face. The dog looked puzzled. Embarrassment then swept over his face. He looked around to see if anyone was watching. All the cats were still completely out of sight. Unexpectedly he gave a snort in my direction and turned around to run in the opposite direction. 

Crazy cat, he muttered while fleeing the scene.

As soon as the coast was clear, cats came out of the woodwork running up and bowing down to me as if I were king of cats. Rizzo and Hector stood at a distance looking on. I could faintly hear the interchange. 

Well I think we've found our leader, said Rizzo with an air of pride, he having been the one to discover their new ruler. 

We'll see, hissed Hector scornfully. He then walked away. 

Later they took me farther into the woods to an old wooden milk crate turned over on its side and nestled between two large rocks. Inside pressed against the sides of the crate were newspapers. These formed a layer of insulation. Having been rained on then dried by the sun then added to with more papers I couldn't tell where the layers of newspaper ended and where the crate began. 

You sleep here, said a thin tabby with a striped pattern forming an M on his forehead. 

As I entered I felt the warmth and security of my surroundings in contrast to the damp windy atmosphere of the woods. It was autumn and the weather was getting very cold at night. Immediately I got the sensation of being home. I remembered sleeping snug under the computer table with my brother and sister without a care in the world. Even more warmth and security were added as the entrance was covered over by a huddled mass of eager cats. Like a wood stove their bodies formed a constant supply of warmth. After the days hectic activities, which included being chased by dogs, almost hit by a car, daring escapes, and my first real fight, I was exhausted. The aforementioned activities combined with my suddenly comfortable surroundings caused me to close my eyes and immediately fall into a deep sleep. At once I was off in dreamland. 

Now, dreams were nothing new to me. In fact as far back as I can remember I had dreams. They usually consisted of my siblings and I running, playing, eating and pooping. Ironically enough my daily routine and my dreams were barely distinguishable. How long ago all of that seemed. Lately however I had been having very elaborate and strange dreams that at the time seemed very real but when I awoke I couldn't always remember the details. I knew that I had been dreaming and that the visions seemed significant in my mind but I just couldn't remember the details unless I was reminded by something. The dream I now had was a recurring one. I was running down a path towards a river. I knew it was I running and not someone else because everything in the dream was seen from my point of view. I also felt my chest rise up and down as my lungs filled and emptied with air and my heart pumped rapidly. At the same time I felt as if I werent myself because I didn't encounter the familiar signs that I experienced in times past when I ran. For example I couldn't see my paws extending in front of me as I took each stride and when I looked back I couldn't see my tail. My point of view was different. I felt as if I were much higher off the ground. That is, only my head seemed to be much higher from the ground because I could still feel the paws from my hind legs touching the ground. My front legs felt as if they were hanging loosely. When I looked around I could see humans but they looked different as well. They were smaller than I remembered. I wasn't looking up at them but rather they were my size and I could see their faces at eye level. This was all very strange. As one of the humans approached he opened his mouth and spoke. 

"Christopher are you awake?" 

But of course it wasn't the human that said this it was Rizzo.

As I opened my eyes they were flooded with light. The protective wall of cats had been removed. 

Its time to show you your territory. Everything you will see today is yours, you being the undisputed leader of our gang. 

As we walked we passed many cats in the forest and they bowed when they saw me just as they had done the previous day. There was an outpouring of support.

Good morning sir, 

Did you sleep alright boss? 

This was all a little much to take in, considering that just a couple of days ago I was the ruler of only a small apartment shared by my two siblings and two humans. As we walked Rizzo frequently would look at me and open his mouth as if he were about to speak. But he then just smiled, looked ahead and kept walking. 

Rizzo, you look as if you want to ask me something. 

His face lit up. 

Actually sir, the entire territory is talking about what you did last night. Putting aside the fact that you stared death in the face, how did you learn to speak the language of that dog? It also looked as if you understood that wild mouses language. 

I looked at him doubtfully. Was this possible? 

You mean you didnt hear what the dog was saying? I asked.

What we heard is what we always hear from those mutts. And thats a lot of barking. But it looked as if you were reasoning with him in his own language. Most of the brothers were upset about you letting the mouse go free but what you did with the dog has everyone very excited. Some cats are even comparing you to Zarathustra and Socrates. 

I was amazed. I really did not know what was happening to me because I thought everyone in the group heard what I heard. Rizzo suddenly exclaimed. 

I dont want to pry but what made you leave wherever youre from anyways? 

Without warning a sharp pain stabbed my heart as I thought of Jeffery Chambers. Lately Id been having complicated feelings concerning my past. If I had to describe these feelings it would include an amalgam of anger, humiliation, and guilt. I wasnt sure how to process these feelings but I knew that the process would entail great amounts of pain so I decided to try and avoid thinking about it for the time being. 

Oh it was just time for a change, I said quietly. 

Rizzo said, 

Well, forget them! said Rizzo picking up on my reluctance to speak about the past. I mean, there loss is our gain. If the animals where youre from didnt realize what a great leader you are they didnt deserve you. Right? 

I looked at Rizzo sympathetically. 

We walked until we exited the woods and arrived at a place that I thought I recognized. It was the road that I was trying to find originally when I escaped capture from the brainwashed cats out in the field. 

You see this road? whispered Rizzo. This is the western border of Fostoria. As long as you stay on this side of that road you have the support of legions of cats and conscripted animals. 

He then pointed to the road with his nose and suddenly became very serious. 

Its important that you pay close attention to what Im about to tell you sir. If you for some reason cross over into Cuyamonga you will be on your own. No one can follow you into Zarathustra's territory. Understood? 

I nodded. We then ducked back into the woods and immediately Rizzos cheerful attitude returned. We walked along a different path southeastward. As we crossed a small brook stepping on stones that served as a bridge, I noticed a raccoon kneeling alongside the brook and washing an apple. This raccoon looked familiar. Smiling he looked up at me and waved. 

I was able to find what I was looking for? But thanks anyways, he said in a raised voice. 

I wrinkled my brow and quickly nodded. 

Could that have been the same raccoon from the other day? I thought while walking on. But if he could speak my language, why didnt he just do that from the start? 

Walking ahead of me Rizzo suddenly looked back. 

Did you understand that foreigner? Just how many languages do you speak? 

So it was, the raccoon from the other day. 

Rizzo? I asked. What did you mean when you called that raccoon a foreigner? Are some of these animals from other lands? 

Rizzo stopped and waited for me to catch up. 

Well actually said Rizzo, Im told that they were the original inhabitants of Fostoria. But that was ages ago, before our ancestors brought domestication to this land. Most of the animals have accepted becoming domesticated but some of them stick to their wild ways. As long as they dont disrupt society theyre not seen as a threat by most cats. 

This didnt quite make sense to me. If they were the original inhabitants then wasnt this, their land? 

But Rizzo? I asked, If this is, their land arent we the foreigners? 

Rizzo started to laugh hysterically. He briefly paused noticing my expression.

Are you serious? If left on their own, the wild animals would eventually go extinct. This has been proven by science, brother. They owe us everything. The least they could do is learn our language? 

I still didnt quite understand this. If the wild animals survived up to the point of the arrival of the domesticated animals, why would they now suddenly go extinct if left to their own devices? Also, what did this word science mean, and what exactly did it prove? 

Do you see my point? asked Rizzo. 

I didnt agree with everything Rizzo was saying but I decided to leave it alone for the moment. I nodded in approval. 

Since I was still accustomed to the barriers and walls of an apartment, we walked for what seemed to me to be great distances. The outside world seemed to have a pattern of repetition. For example we would walk past a large rock or log then cross pathways of various width looking out for other pedestrians. When we came across other animals they would always bow and step to the side until we passed. Rizzo seemed to like the attention because he always smiled to himself every time this occurred. Anyways this pattern seemed to repeat itself over and over again until finally we came to an abrupt stop at a grouping of stones that were spread out horizontally and seemed to form a line in the ground. 

This is the eastern border of your territory, Christopher. Although Fostoria and Kliev are friendly neighbors, during times of war we need permits to enter and leave. And Im told that since Zarathustras general Hannibal started using his secret weapon, all permits have been suspended. 

Suddenly we heard a voice from across the border. 

Are you lost comrade? 

We looked up and there was a large cat standing directly in front of us. This cat who locked eyes with me the entire time looked as if he were guarding something. 

Easy tiger, said Rizzo. I'm just showing him the borders of Fostoria. 

Good, said the guard cat. We wouldn't want your new member to make the mistake of stepping outside his territory. Some unfortunate accident might befall him. 

Rizzo knitted his brow. 

Christopher isn't just a new member of our gang. He is our leader. 

The guard cats eyes widened a bit. 

Christopher? Oh I've heard all about you. I imagined you'd be a lot bigger though. 

What do you mean youve heard of me? 

Everyone in Kliev has heard of you. He replied. In fact Socrates himself has requested a meeting with you. 

Rizzo suddenly grew suspicious. 

Why is this the first were hearing of this? 

Well, said the guard cat, suddenly aware that he had said too much, I mean, this affects all of the territories so this has to be done officially. A meeting needs to be held with all the leaders of all the gangs. They probably havent got the message to you yet. I wasn't supposed to mention it until all arrangements have been made but you wouldn't get me in trouble would you? 

Rizzo and I, very eager to hear more shook our heads. 

Well, continued the excited cat, Everyone has heard about your run-in with the dogs and we are all very excited about what this could mean. Socrates is very interested in meeting you. Follow me. 

He then marched off without even looking back to see if we were following. 

Obediently we followed the border guard. But we were cautious, recognizing that we were on foreign soil. As we walked we became ever more aware that our presence did not go unnoticed. Every animal that we passed gave us a look as if we didn't belong there. Finally we reached a wooden gate with a large hole in the bottom. This was apparently the entrance to our destination because our guide paused before it. He turned toward us. 

Just let me do the talking. 

As soon as we entered the gate we were met with angry hissing and growling. It reminded me of my earlier run-ins with the dogs. 

We shouldn't be here, whispered Rizzo, My gut is telling me we made a mistake in coming. 

For some reason I was reminded of my brother Vincent. 

Come! ordered our guide. 

We obediently followed. Two large cats stood guard at the entrance of a cellar door hissing noisily as our guide approached. 

Who are these intruders? Do you have clearance to be here? shouted one of the doorkeepers menacingly. 

The other just stood with his fur bristled sizing us up. 

I've brought someone to see Socrates, said the border guard. He would have wanted me to bring them here at once. 

One of the doorkeepers squinted his eyes. 

And if you're wrong are you prepared to face the consequences? 

The border guard looked at us then back to the doorkeeper.

I am, he responded. 

We shall see, snickered the guard as he turned quickly to enter the cellar. 

Our guide quickly followed him. 

You wait here! growled the other guard. 

He meanly glared at us the entire time we waited. Suddenly we heard barking, growling, and the unmistakable sound of dogs fighting over something. Soon all was quiet again and after a time the doorkeeper reappeared through the cellar door, but this time alone.

Socrates will see you now! he proclaimed without even looking at us. 

Both doorkeepers stepped away from the entrance and didn't look at us again. Rizzo and I glanced at one other then apprehensively entered the cellar door. It was damp, dark, and musty smelling. It took awhile for our eyes to adjust to the darkness but as we walked we both became aware at the same time of a large towering figure standing in the middle of the room.

Chapter 4 - Anyone who has the power to make you believe absurdities has the power to make you commit injustices - Voltaire

So, you must be Christopher. I have been looking forward to meeting you. My name is Niccolo, said the large tomcat whose presence commanded the room. Forgive the manners of my comrades. They are very cautious because one can never be too careful these days especially with strangers, if you know what I mean? 

I did not know what he meant but I nodded in approval just the same. Rizzo spoke first. 

Christopher has come to speak to Socrates. 

Without even looking at Rizzo Niccolo responded. 

One doesnt come to see Socrates. One is summoned by Socrates. He then looked at me. 

Your friend here looks famished. Ardin!! shouted Niccolo. 

Immediately a cocker spaniel came running from a darkened hallway at the other end of the room and stood wagging his tail and looking at Niccolo. 

Take our comrade here... he then paused looking at Rizzo as if he was awaiting an answer. Rizzo caught on. 

Its Rizzo. 

Yes, take comrade Rizzo, continued Niccolo, and get him something to eat while Christopher and I get better acquainted. 

The dog looked at Rizzo then back at Niccolo. 

Of course. Follow me comrade, said the dog upon turning and heading back to the hallway from which he came. 

Reluctantly Rizzo followed disappearing into the darkness. After watching my friend depart I then looked up to see Niccolo standing in front of me. He appeared larger than life. What stood out to me most about this cat was his fur. He had a double coat. The slight breeze that passed through the room revealed a soft downy undercoat that was protected by soft guard hairs. These were blue colored with silver tips which gave his coat a shimmering appearance. He was a breed of cat that I had never seen before. He looked like royalty and stood with perfect posture. I couldnt help but imagine him sitting on a throne. The only characteristic bringing this cat down to earth was the long whiskers jutting out of his face in all directions that were unusually braided together at the ends. This along with the way he addressed his subordinates as comrade gave him a bohemian quality. Niccolo had large dark and vivid green eyes that were now locked on mine. 

You look as though you have some questions? said Niccolo. Please feel free to ask me whatever you want. I want for us to become friends. 

I shuffled my paws a little then spoke up. 

How do you know who I am? 

Niccolo smiled. 

I make it my business to know what goes on in all of the territories. Socrates has spies everywhere just like Zarathustra. Niccolo squinted his eyes a little as if to see if the name Zarathustra registered with me. Who you are, he continued, however is not as interesting as what you did. The others, Rizzo and the rest of this pack of feral cats that you now lead think you are special because of your appearance. But they are wrong. Your appearance is that of an ordinary house cat. 

My eyes widened and a tremor of fear swept through my body. Niccolo continued. 

Yes a house cat but by no means ordinary. Tell me, what was going through your mind as you faced down that dog? 

My mind? I repeated in a trembling voice. 

Yes, most cats who live in the scattered territories not only would never attempt to speak to a dog but it would never occur to them to try. Although domesticated, most cats view dogs as lower beings without the capacity to reason. So why would a house cat that I assume has not been exposed to stray dogs or other wild animals suddenly reach out across species to reason with a dog? 

I was not sure of how to answer so I just looked down at the floor. 

Can I make a suggestion? asked Niccolo. I believe you acted in this way out of instinct. You analyzed quickly that what you share in common with that dog, far outweighs the differences between you two. You then made a decision based upon this. You realized that despite your pampered upbringing, now the both of you are in the same boat. You both have to scrounge for food in the wilderness while other animals have excess. This is the only real difference that matters. Niccolo looked at me with a great intensity in his eyes and said, Do you realize that in reality there are only two species? I saw your reaction when I identified you as a house cat. You dont have to be ashamed about your past. We all reach a point in our lives when we have to make a decision about which species we belong to. 

I was confused and Im certain that it registered on my face. 

I dont understand, I said. What do you mean only two species? Since I arrived in this new world Ive come into contact with many different animals and even among them there are various breeds. 

The older cat looked down at me sympathetically. 

I know its hard for you to understand, but in time you will see what I mean. Socrates thinks you are not ready to understand how the world works but I told him that I see something in you. You remind me a little of myself at an earlier stage in my evolution so I want to help you. Im going to explain to you how the real world works. 

I perked up a little and became more alert. This may be what Ive been searching for, I thought. Niccolo had my full attention. 

Christopher, do you believe in a creator? 

Puzzled I shrugged my shoulders. 

What I mean is do you believe that an intelligent being created you and me and everything that we see? 

Now I understood. 

Oh yeah. I mean I think so. I used to try to discuss this with my brother and sister but they never really gave it much thought. Ive thought about it a lot lately and I feel that there must be a creator. It only makes sense that all of us are in existence for a reason. What do you think? 

Patiently Niccolo responded. 

Whether he exists or whether he doesnt exist is not whats important. Whats important is the feeling. That and of course history. 

Again I was confused. Niccolo continued but looked over my head as if I were just one in among a much larger audience that he was addressing. 

That feeling you have that a creator must exist is a common one. Long ago when the masters of the universe realized that this was the case they decided to exploit this feeling by telling stories of an afterlife where all the animals who are obedient and content to live as slaves would go after they died. They were told that as long as they lived miserably without complaining in this life, that in the afterlife they would live as kings. Needless to say this ploy worked as it was intended and these masters were able to control the animals without so much as a struggle. For centuries this model society stood in tact with everyone satisfied, the masters living in shameless luxury while the slaves were content with their promise of the future. Then one day something happened. 
Niccolo paused and looked me in the eyes as a teacher would look at his pupil. He knew I was hanging on his every word. I took the bait. 

What happened? 

The animals, continued Niccolo, decided with one accord that they were no longer satisfied with the promise of a future reward in another life. They decided that they needed to get their reward in this life. Thus began the first revolution. This was just the first of many revolutions in a long cycle of power shifts. 

Niccolo suddenly turned and began walking towards the darkened hallway that Rizzo had disappeared into earlier. He looked back at me. 

Come with me Christopher. I want to show you something. 

As we walked through the long corridor I noticed many doors. I thought I heard activity on the other side of the doors but the noises were too muffled to make out what this activity was. We exited through a door at the end of the hallway and we were outside once again. I followed Niccolo as he took me to what looked like a secret path. It seemed to be a part of Kliev that was off limits to most of its inhabitants because the terrain and surrounding landscape was untouched by domestication. As we walked Niccolo continued expounding. 

The slaves were at a disadvantage however because although they had solidarity of feeling in what they wanted, they had no experience in governing. Thus they were unable to articulate this feeling into a stable system so they eventually lost their power at the hands of their enemies the masters. The masters also failed to learn from history and they immediately reverted to their former course of oppression. They reasoned that their mistake was in not being hard enough on the slaves, so going forward they resolved to be even more brutal. This of course only resulted in another more powerful revolution.  Until recently this back and forth cycle appeared as if it would continue indefinitely. It seemed inevitable for the cycle to continue because no animal lived long enough to become aware that the cycle even existed. 

We walked into a clearing and towards a cliff. Although I had never been in this area before something about it seemed familiar to me. Looking out over the cliff I realized why this area seemed familiar. We were above the strange colorful waves that earlier I thought might be the ocean. Although I was not in the same place as before, the view was the same. Miles below, two great colorful tidal waves rose and rushed towards each other breaking and producing a vivid red color. I looked across the great chasm and was overwhelmed by the extent of it. It was not just a random cliff we were standing on. In reality we were on one side of an enormous canyon. Niccolo continued. 

Through a number of circumstances and with the aide of a number of noteworthy animals this cycle came to the awareness of a minority of exceptional figures. The cycle was identified as a societal disease, or more specifically a bi-polar sickness that consists of two extremes. In the one extreme our society of animals would experience a sense of euphoria at taking power but no one stopped to think about how this power change came about. When the power inevitably shifted, the system suffered the shock of the other extreme, which was like a depression of sorts. If this was a societal sickness then some reasoned that it could be cured with a number of strict measures. You must understand that the shift in power is inevitable which means that we are destined to take power. What needs to happen however is that instead of losing ourselves in euphoria, we must keep the strict measures into place thus breaking the cycle of extreme fluctuations. As a result everything will be restored to perfect balance and harmony. Christopher, can you imagine a world where all animals live in peace? No need to live with fear or insecurity because there is no one that wants to do you harm? It will be a paradise with everyone working for the betterment of his fellow comrade. From each according to his ability, to each according to his need. 

As Niccolo spoke about peace and equality something strange began to happen. Warmth began to radiate from the tips of my ears to the bottom of my paws. It was a feeling that I have not felt for sometime. 

Would you like to live in such a world Christopher? 

Of course, I responded. What do I need to do? 

Niccolo exhibited a wide smile. 

Your role is very important. You see Fostoria is a land that is in a state of collapse. There, society has broken down to the point of allowing village gangs to engage in confused mob violence. These gangs vary in size but they are always collapsing and splintering off into smaller groups. You now lead the largest gang in Fostoria. They have enough members to constitute an army but because they have no solidarity in leadership and no real focused purpose they are destined to break up into many smaller groups. You see a society needs a purpose. Because Fostoria borders both Cuyamonga and Kliev, they have adopted a patchwork of philosophies that include specieism and animalism. These two philosophies are diametrically opposed. Im sure you noticed this even with the small amount of time you spent in Fostoria. They use terms such as vermin and pest not fully understanding the implications of these terms. Without a working philosophy this group must disintegrate. In fact according to our sources they were about to disintegrate just before your arrival. What you did with the dog united them with hope. They are looking to you for leadership. They are desperate for it. 

Niccolo paused waiting for a reaction. 

I dont know anything about being a leader. I exclaimed. 

He grinned. 

Just leave that to us. I already told you that it is inevitable for the great society of animals to take power. All you have to do is not try to prevent the power shift from occurring. We have had operatives working in Fostoria for years but they have been unable to accomplish what you did in just one day and thats unify the masses. We have the infrastructure in place. We were just waiting for you. 

At the time all of this sounded very good. I was given a great purpose, my task seemed to be something that I was capable of carrying out, and the best part was that I would be working for the betterment of all animals. I thought, 

I will be instrumental in creating a society founded on equality and peace, I thought. Surely Jeffery Chambers will hear about this society. He will see that I didnt need him after all. 

Niccolo looked down towards the rushing waves. 

Its beautiful isnt it? Do you know what it is that we are looking at? 

I shook my head. He continued. 

This is Surface Zero in the Lumpenproletarian Valley. Remember I told you that animalism and specieism are two diametrically opposed philosophies? This is a visual representation of that fact. What you see are thousands of animals rushing forward with a purpose. They are colliding with other animals that have just as strong of a feeling of purpose. A river cannot flow in two directions forever. Eventually one side must give in to the other. It is inevitable that our side will be victorious because we are going with the flow of history. Nothing can stop it. To try and go against the flow of history would be insane. That brings us to our enemies. Its important for you to understand what we are up against. The adherents of specieism are insane. They are dangerous because for the most part they are sincere. They think they have found the truth and are willing to die for their beliefs. Their sincerity is shown in how at every opportunity they try and convert others. We on the other hand, know we have the truth, so there is no need for conversion. The nature inherent in each animal will reveal itself eventually. We dont believe in this great need the specieists have to try and reach the heart and change someone from within. Animals are who they are and there is no changing that. Surface information and prodding will cause them to reveal themselves and there nature will come to the surface. 

I was curious to know what he meant by prodding, but I decided not to ask because I didnt want to interrupt his train of thought. I was really learning quite a bit. 

Zarathustras philosophy is a perversion of thought and utter nonsense, warned Niccolo. Never listen to the specieists. All who succumb to their thinking are apostates and worse than enemies. 

Niccolo paused and looked at me to make sure I understood his point. He then continued. 

Fostoria is of importance to both sides strategically. It lies directly between Cuyamonga and Kliev with the neutral territory of Lumpenproletaria located directly north of it. Most of the fighting takes place in Lumpenproletaria or more specifically the Lumpenproletarian Valley. If Fostoria became a part of the Union of Animals, this would put us in a better position to finally wipe out the resistance and allow the flow of history to continue its natural path. 

Niccolo put his paw on my shoulder affectionately. 

Comrade Christopher, as I mentioned earlier, the role you will play is of vital importance. Are you up to the challenge? 

Again a feeling of warmth and comradeship began to radiate throughout my body.

I will do whatever it takes. 

Again Niccolo smiled widely bearing all of his teeth. 

Wait until dark then follow this path along the edge of the Lumpenproletarian Valley until you reach the border to Fostoria. Keep walking until you reach the section of border where you entered the first time you arrived in Fostoria. Although this border is rarely guarded it is important that no one sees you coming. No one can know about this meeting and our arrangement. Understood? 

I nodded. 

Godspeed Christopher. 

Niccolo then disappeared into the woods leaving me alone with my mission. I couldnt understand why it had to be such a secret. As I walked back to Fostoria I meditated on this. 

Why not just openly tell the citizens of Fostoria about our plans? I thought. Surely any animal with a reasoning mind would clearly see the virtues of animalism. Who wouldnt want to live in peace and harmony? 

Although I didnt fully understand the rationality of Socrates plan I decided to go along with it. Suddenly I grew more alert as I approached the Northeastern border of Fostoria. I was instructed to enter along the same border that I did on my first arrival so I walked along the northern border stealthily until finally I arrived at the northwestern border, which looked familiar. It was very late so I decided to make camp here right outside the border. Early the next day I looked from side to side making sure no one was around to see me enter. The coast was clear so I quickly entered my territory.

As I walked towards the shelter of rock that jutted into the sky I noticed a group of cats lying about lazily. Upon seeing me they immediately stood erect in perfect rows. A golden brown striped tabby stepped forward. 

Sir did you enjoy your tour of Fostoria? 

Yes, I responded. Thank you. Everything seems to be in order. 

I didnt know what they would make of that statement but I couldnt think of anything else to say. As we were talking I could feel the hairs on my back raising and alerting me to the presence of danger approaching. I turned to see Hector approaching me stealthily. Locking his eyes on mine he spoke sarcastically. 

Good day your highness! Is everything in the territory to your liking? 

At the time I didnt catch on to the sarcasm. 

Yes everything is in order. 

He glared at me angrily then quickly looked away smiling as if he was the only one privy to the joke. Changing his tone he demanded. 

Where is Rizzo? 

For some reason I felt a jolt of terror run through my body and a feeling of guilt quickly followed it. It was very strange. I had nothing to feel guilty about. 

Hes not here? I asked with surprise. 

Of course not, Hector exclaimed. We all know he took you out yesterday morning to show you the borders of the territory. So how is it that you now act surprised about his absence? Something smells fishy. 

I began to panic. What could I say? I really didnt know what happened to Rizzo. I just assumed that after eating he returned to Fostoria ahead of me. But I couldnt tell them that we were in Kliev. I had to lie. 

Thats true, I said. He did show me the borders of Fostoria but after showing me the eastern border to Kliev he then told me to make my way back towards the shelter because he had something to do. 

I looked around to see if they were buying it. Most of the cats nodded understandingly and some were not even paying attention. Hector however tilted his head to the side and with a scowl he peered up at the wall of rock. It appeared as if he had spotted something on the wall, but I knew that what he was actually doing was going over my story in his mind and poking holes in it. 

He didnt tell you what he had to do? asked Hector. As our official leader you have a right to know what your subordinates are up to. I responded, 

I didnt think to ask him, I responded. Its not that big of a deal. If Rizzo has something to do 

You didnt think to ask him? repeated Rizzo interrupting me in mid sentence. 

One of the cats in the crowd spoke up. 

Hector, if he says thats what happened then we have to believe him. After all he is our leader. 

Enraged, Hector began shouting toward the crowd. 

You fools! You dont even know this cat. No one knows where he is from? For all we know he could be working for Zarathustra or Socrates. 

Suddenly the crowd was alert. 

I dont believe that Rizzo had something to do, continued Hector. I think that one of our own is missing and Christopher is hiding something about it. Hector looked at me and continued his assault. If Rizzo sent you back from the eastern border then why did you approach the shelter from the west? 

Was Hector following me the entire time? I thought. How much did he see? 

I decided to go for broke. Instead of answering Hectors questions I looked out over the crowd. Ignoring Hector I spoke to the crowd in an impassioned voice. 

Brothers! The other day you unanimously elected me to be your leader. Are you in the practice of publicly interrogating your leader? 

I paused briefly to allow the implication to sink in. 

In order for this arrangement to work out, it must be established in trust. I need to be able to trust you to support my decisions and act on them without questioning my motives. And you need to be able to trust me knowing that everything I do is in the best interest of the citizens of Fostoria. I promise you I will work hard to earn your trust. My question is, can I trust you? 

The crowd was swayed. They began shouting with one accord. 

Great is Christopher the ruler of Fostoria! Great is Christopher the ruler of Fostoria! Great is Christopher the ruler of Fostoria! 

They repeated this for about fifteen minutes. When the crowd finally settled down I looked at Hector who was now appearing very uneasy. 

Do you have any other questions for me? I asked. 

Hector looked at the ground in defeat.

No. 

I needed to ensure my victory was complete. 

No, what? 

Defeated Hector looked up at me. 

No sir. 

I then said, Hector why dont you gather the rest of the gang including the border guards and meet me at the creek on the west side of Fostoria. We will discuss the future direction of Fostoria. 

Hectors eyes opened wide when I mentioned assembling even the border guards. 

With all due respect sir, shouldnt we leave at least some of the guards at the border for the sake of security? 

I sighed deeply. 

Do you trust me Hector? 

He glanced at my army of support. 

Yes sir. Of course. 

Then do as youre ordered, I commanded. 

Without another word Hector marched off to complete his assignment. 

As soon as I was alone I began to shudder. Walking towards the creek I began to think about all that recently transpired. Everything seemed to be happening so fast I really didnt have much of an opportunity to stop and take it all in. I was now the undisputed ruler of Fostoria with the exception of a number of small-scattered regional gangs. They trusted me to lead them in the right course. This was a great deal of responsibility. 

What if I cant live up to the challenge? I worried. Im sure glad I have Socrates philosophy to back me up. I nodded. As long as I stick closely to the tenets of animalism, the results will be happiness for all.
 
Later that day around evening all of the gang was assembled at the creek. There was a large stone at the edge of the creek, which was stationed at an ideal location to serve as a platform in addressing a crowd. I took my place on top of the rock and began to speak. 

Brothers! You are all probably wondering why I had you gathered here today. We are here because it is time for us to wake up and realize where we are in the stream of time. 

I pointed to the rushing waves of the creek as I said this. 

We have a choice to make. We can drift about in a sea of confusion being born and dying without ever understanding the purpose of life or we can take our places in the pantheon of heroes, confident that our victory is inevitable because we are on the right side of history. Are you prepared 

While I continued my speech I began noticing individual faces among the crowd. Many in the crowd looked as if they didnt understand anything I was saying but they nodded their heads in approval just the same. I realized at that moment that I could be arguing in favor of specieism or some other philosophy and this crowd most likely would still follow my lead. What seemed to matter to them was not the content of the message but rather the conviction expressed in the delivery. This thought frightened me a little. 

As I spoke a badger ran towards the crowd from the direction of the east. Out of breath he interrupted my speech. 

We are being invaded! he exclaimed. 

So it appeared that Hector didnt follow my orders about the guards completely, I thought. 

All of the animals looked worriedly towards the east but they refused to act without being given orders. Hector stood up and shouted. 

You see! Had I listened to Christopher we would have had no warning of the coming assault. Brothers! Follow me and see how a real leader acts! 

About a third of the gang began to rise and walk towards Hector. 

Halt! I commanded. You are making a big mistake if you follow him. Remember what we said about trust? If you stay and continue to trust me you will be safe. But I cant protect you if you follow Hector. 

After hearing these words the group that supported Hector was divided and an even smaller number of animals defected. After they marched off, I looked out on the slightly reduced crowd. They looked worried. I decided to continue on with the speech although the distant sound of growling and hissing sometimes stole the attention of the crowd. I continued. 

The other day when I spoke to the dog many of you couldnt understand how this was possible? You need to understand that what I did was not from any special power of my own. Rather it was the realization that we are all brothers no matter what species we belong to. Many of you 

As I spoke I continued to notice the makeup of the crowd. It was not only cats that I was addressing. There were raccoons, squirrels, rabbits and beavers. They were spread among the crowd but it was apparent that they didnt share the same status of equality as the cats. The inequality certainly wasnt as bad as what Id seen during my brief stay in Cuyamonga but it still made me feel uncomfortable. I spoke with great emotion as I concluded my speech. 

If we come to realize that the diverse breeds of cats and dogs and the various species of animals all belong to the same family we will begin to embark on a new journey. It will be a true brotherhood of animal and together there is nothing we cant accomplish! 

At this the crowd once again began shouting in unison. 

Great is Christopher the ruler of Fostoria! 

They were in such fervor that they had forgotten all about the alleged invasion. With this larger crowd their shouting seemed to drown out all surrounding noises. That is why no one noticed the approach of a large army of assorted animals entering the camp. The citizens of Fostoria were suddenly on their feet and the crowd separated as the invaders approached placing themselves in the center of the crowd. Muffled noises could be heard among the group of invaders. It was soon discovered what these noises were as large dogs began emerging from among the invading army. Each of them was gripping with their jaws two or three cats by the neck. They deposited them at the center of the crowd. The defeated defenders tried to call out to the crowd but they had their mouths tied shut with shoestrings. They also had their paws tied tight. For some reason the shoestring caught my attention. Something was familiar about it. 

Where did I see this before? I wondered. 

Before I had a chance to remember why the shoestring was significant to me, Niccolo walked out of the crowd of invading soldiers. They were split down the middle like a sharp knife cutting through soft cat food. As he walked among the masses they would look down to the ground to avoid making eye contact. This detail struck me as a little strange especially because we were all supposed to be equal now. Many of these soldiers had a blank look in their eyes as if they were under a hypnotic trance. Niccolo continued walking up towards the citizens of Fostoria and they too were split like soft cat food. Finally he approached the platform and jumped up onto it by my side. He placed his paw on my shoulder as he had done the previous day. 

Well done Christopher, he whispered. 

Again I felt a warm feeling quickly spread throughout my body. Niccolo faced the crowd and spoke. 

Citizens of Fostoria! You are now a part of the Union of Animals! Comrade Christopher will continue to lead you but from now on you will address him as Commander! Understood? 

The animals in Fostoria looked at one another apprehensively then began nodding. 

Whats to become of our fellow citizens whose only crime was to defend our borders? shouted someone from the crowd. 

Niccolo looked out at the crowd.

The term is comrade. From now on you will refer to one another as comrades and not citizens. As far as what is to become of these traitors, I was just about to address that. 

Niccolo then looked toward his troops.

Begin the purge! he shouted. 

I had no idea what was going on. Things were not going as I had imagined but Niccolo reassured me that everything was going according to schedule. He said, 

Christopher, to purge means to refine or cleanse, he said. It is a necessary process of animalism. But dont worry. You wont have to do the work yourself. Ive provided you with help. 

He stepped aside and two Siamese cats with piercing blue eyes and elongated faces stepped forward. They were identical twins. It was impossible to tell them apart. 

This is Truth, said Niccolo as the one cat bowed. 

And this is Justice. His twin took a bow. 

I am assigning them to oversee the purge. You of course are in charge but you will be busy with other necessary matters. 

He placed his paw on my shoulder. 

Truth and Justice have a very specialized skill set. This is not their first purge. Make use of them. 

Niccolo then gathered up the majority of his troops and marched back to Kliev. He left a battalion of troops with orders to assist Truth and Justice. They were to take orders only from Truth and Justice. Hector and his cats were rounded up and marched outside the city. 

What is going to happen to them? I asked Justice. 

I was relieved to hear they would be freed. 

He said, They are going on a freedom march. Since they felt oppressed by the Union of Animals they will be led to freedom elsewhere.


Chapter 5 - Education is dangerous - every educated person is a future enemy - Hermann Goering

The following day I was awakened by the sound of crying. I ran to the creek to find two dogs roughing up a familiar looking cat as Justice stood off to the side supervising. The cat locked eyes with me and screeched. 

Great One! Help me! 

It was Chauncey. I couldnt believe it. What was he doing in Fostoria? I shouted to the dogs. 

What is the meaning of this? This is my friend. Release him at once! 

One of the dogs looked over to his supervisor. Justice nodded and Chauncey was released. I ran up to Justice and yelled. 

Why were you beating up on my friend? 

With tired eyes Justice looked at me and patiently replied. 

Your friend, is an illegal alien trespassing from an enemy land Commander. 

He said Commander with a hint of sarcasm in his voice. 

As the ruler of Fostoria I am officially granting him asylum. Lets go Chauncey, I said, motioning for Chauncey to follow me. 

Justice quietly but sternly replied. 

I cant allow that. Were not finished with the interrogation sir. 

Immediately both of the dogs began to growl. I approached the Siamese cat looked him in the eyes. 

Am I or am I not in charge?  

You are in charge Commander but no one can interfere with the purge not even Socrates. If he is who you say he is then he has nothing to worry about. We will leave you alone with him but until we can confirm that he is not a threat we cannot release him. 

The dogs tied a rope around his neck and then tied the other end around a tree. The interrogators departed leaving us alone. 

Chauncey, I said. I am so sorry about all of this. I will have you released as soon as possible. What are you doing in Fostoria? 

Chauncey was still panting heavily from the interrogation. 

Zarathustra found out that I had a part in your escape from Cuyamonga so he had me banished to Lumpenproletaria. Living conditions there were unbearable. I quickly became a refugee and decided to enter Fostoria. I should be surprised to see that you are running the show in such a short period of time but Im not surprised at all. I would expect no less from the Great One. 

I looked sympathetically at Chauncey. 

If it werent for you Id still be locked up in one of Zarathustras cells. If anyone deserves this title its you. 

Chauncey smiled. 

There can only be one Great One and youre him. 

Chaunceys unwavering belief in me was astonishing. What made him so certain that I was this Great One? As we were talking, some citizens I mean some comrades approached and began to exclaim. 

Commander we need to speak with you. It is urgent. 

I excused myself from Chauncey once again assuring him of his eminent release then stepped to the side to speak with the comrades. One of the comrades, a porcupine spoke first. 

Sir we trust you completely. However, these foreigners are causing us a lot of trouble. What you described in your speech sounded nothing like what we are witnessing at the hands of Truth and Justice. With all due respect sir we dont think you should trust them. My friend Lucky said he saw them seize a piece of property from his uncle. When his uncle said he would report them to the Commander they had him arrested. They laughed and said that the Commander was a joke. They said you didnt have the stomach for real revolution. 

I sighed heavily. 

Thank you for bringing this to my attention. Have you told anyone else about it? 

They shook their heads.

See that you dont, I said. Leave these newcomers to me. Addressing the porcupine I said, You are willing to bear witness to what you just reported? 

He nodded. 

I may also need to speak to your friend Lucky. Where can I reach you when I need to call you as a witness? 

I live on the east side of Fostoria just by the creek, the porcupine responded. Im always there. 

All his comrades nodded in agreement. They smiled and ran off satisfied in having delivered their message. They were hopeful that positive change would soon come. 

As I went off to look for Truth and Justice and to demand an explanation I was greeted by a carrier pigeon. 

Commander! You are being summoned by Socrates! 

Was it true? Was I finally going to get a chance to meet the Great Socrates? He would definitely be able to shed some light on the strange activities of Truth and Justice. I began questioning the pigeon as to whether or not he had been sent directly by Socrates himself. However I didnt get very far. The bird seemed to have a mild case of brain damage., 

What were Socrates exact words? I asked. 

He said, Tell the Commander that Socrates is summoning him. Tell him that hes to meet Socrates at the edge of the Lumpenproletarian Valley. 

Were those his exact words? I inquired. He was talking about himself in the first person? 

Misunderstanding, the bird replied. 

Yes. He was the first person talking. 

I scratched my head. 

No. I said, What I mean is, was it Socrates speaking to you or was someone else giving you the message on his behalf? 

The carrier pigeon looked thoroughly confused. He closed his eyes and his wing began to twitch. Suddenly he opened them. 

It was the Commander. He said to deliver the message to Socrates. 

Rolling my eyes I shouted. 

Im the Commander! How could I have sent you? 

I was getting irritated. The pigeon smiled apologetically. 

Im sorry sir. Im not the brainiest animal in the forest. I spend so much of my intellect trying not to forget the message that there is not much left over to process the answers to the questions you are asking. Plus, to be honest with you sir, all cats look the same to me. 

I sighed deeply. 

Very well. Take me to Socrates. 

Upon arriving at the edge of the woods near the Lumpenproletarian Valley I felt anxious. Am I about to meet my mentor or not? I wondered. However as we approached the location indicated, it was not Socrates but rather Niccolo that greeted me. 

Christopher he said, Im glad you could make it. Socrates needs for all of his commanders to have field experience so you are going to accompany me on a campaign. You shouldnt be in any real danger. Just stay close to me and try and take in as much as you can. 

Without even giving me a chance to accept the mission Niccolo turned and headed down a path that descended into the Valley. I was expected to follow him. I felt agitated. With my mind focused on the challenges I would confront on the battlefield I completely forgot about my comrades complaints about Truth and Justice. Niccolo quickly but stealthily descended the path. His agile body snaked its way between trees and around rocks. He was moving so quickly that I had to sprint just to keep up with him. Finally we stopped just along side a large boulder. Niccolo peeked around the corner then looked back at me. As I finally caught up to him I was panting heavily. 

Have a look at this Christopher, he whispered.

 I peeked around the corner and saw at a distance an entire battalion of troops. 

Those are Hannibals cats, whispered Niccolo. That sly fox is trying to set an ambush for my troops. He wants to get a foothold on the higher ground. 

The troops were on the move. According to Niccolo, they were climbing the rocks so as to be able to surround our comrades. I felt anxious. Hannibals cats were advancing so rapidly it appeared that their plan would have success. I looked at Niccolo to see if he was worried. With a swift sweeping movement of his paw he calmly dismissed the plan as destined to fail. Worried, I exclaimed. 

How can you be so sure? Did you see the way the troops are advancing? They have such a determined look in their eyes. 

Suddenly Niccolo looked at me with wide astonished eyes. 

Christopher, you surprise me. After everything youve seen are you still without understanding? 

He paused as if he were expecting me to answer him. 

We are on the correct side of history, he continued. It is our destiny to be victorious! 

But what about those advancing troops? I asked revealing my lack of faith. 

Niccolo just gave me a large grin bearing all his teeth in his signature manner. 

Dont worry about them, he said. Ill throw some rain on their parade. I have a plan but in order for it to work Ill need your help.

He placed his paw on my shoulder. 

Commander are you up to the challenge? 

As the now familiar warm feeling spread throughout my body I realized that I was being manipulated. Nevertheless I didnt care. The only thing that mattered was the feeling. I think I would have done anything Niccolo had asked of me just as long as I could maintain that feeling. It wasnt just the feeling of comradeship that I craved. After completing my tasks I felt as if Niccolo and more importantly Socrates, were proud of me. I dont know why it was so important to me that Socrates be proud of me especially considering that I had never even met him. But there it was. I needed his approval. 

Yes Marshal, I replied. What do I need to do? 

Niccolo pointed his paw towards the woods just outside of Fostorias northern border. 

I need for you to create a diversion and draw them in that direction. Dont worry. I have a little surprise awaiting them. 

Later, as I walked closer to the camp of the opposing troops I felt terrified. I couldnt believe what I had been talked into. I rehearsed in my head the words that I was supposed to say to the soldiers to draw their attack. Finally I reached the spot indicated by Niccolo to put our plan into effect. I was still at a safe distance from the camp but at this location I could be clearly seen and heard by the troops. My heart was beating a mile a minute. I took a deep breath and then yelled. 

Down with all tyrants! Down with Zarathustra! Down with specieism! Long live animalism! 

As soon as the first words left my mouth the entire battalion sprang into action and charged in my direction. I ran as if my life depended upon it, because in actuality it did. I thought, If this is Niccolos idea of no danger, Im in a lot of trouble. After climbing uphill for a considerable period of time, my legs began to feel as if they were about to give out. But when I looked back and saw the advancing soldiers just behind me, life spread through my body and I found the energy to continue running. As I headed for the entrance to the woods as indicated by Niccolo something briefly caught my attention. I could have sworn I saw Hector and his cats out of the corner of my eye, marching single file along the border of the Lumpenproletarian Valley. They were being led by one of Justices soldiers. 

It couldnt be, I thought. They were supposed to have been freed. 

As I heard my pursuers quickly approaching my mind quickly focused on the task at hand. I darted into the woods and ran until I saw one end of a long freshly dug ditch. Standing tall and majestic inside the ditch about halfway across its length was none other than Niccolo. As I passed him and caught his eye, he gave me a wink. I continued running until I found a large rock to hide behind. My part of the mission was over but my mind was still bubbling over with suspense as I peeked around the rock to see what Niccolo was going to do. The battalion paused briefly upon entering the woods but then on seeing the solitary figure standing at a distance they charged in his direction. Niccolo didnt budge. He stood with his front legs firmly planted on the ground and his hind legs slightly bent ready to spring into action. What was most significant about the scene were Niccolos eyes. His large green eyes projected an angry stare at the approaching army. Suddenly recognizing whom it was that stood in their path the entire battalion came to a screeching halt and just stood there, as if they were staring down the barrel of a cannon. I was overwhelmed with feelings of awe as I watched an entire battalion frozen in place out of fear of just one cat. The soldiers began whispering among themselves and building up their courage to act. After all even if it was the great Marshal Niccolo, he was just one cat versus an entire battalion. The troops once again began to advance. At the same time, the Marshal also began to advance. As the two opposing forces rushed towards one another picking up speed I covered my eyes with my paw unable to watch. However my curiosity got the better of me and I peeked through the fingers of my paw to watch the impending collision.

Now! the Marshal shouted. 

Unexpectedly the ground began to shake. Just as Niccolo was about to collide with the front line of soldiers he jumped to the side and climbed out of the ditch. The battalion however, too slow to realize what had happened collided with a force more powerful than they were. The entire battalion was swept out of the woods and over the edge of the canyon by a gigantic surge of water. Niccolo approached the rock where I was hiding. He looked in the direction of the oncoming waters. 

Well done comrades! he shouted. You can dam her back up now. 

Slowly the waters began to subside. Niccolo looked at me smiling as I slowly emerged from my hiding place. 

We diverted the waters of the Cuyamonga River. The specieists talk about the natural order of things but according to what you just witnessed whose side do you think nature is on? 

Suddenly five or six beavers began to make their way towards the Marshal. One of them spoke. 

Was operation Clean Sweep a success sir? 

The Marshal nodded. 

Return the waters back to their natural course and cover up the evidence of this operation, he ordered. 

All of the beavers saluted the Marshal. 

Right away sir! said the lead beaver. 

As Marshal Niccolo and I walked back towards Fostoria, he talked about various battles he and Hannibal had waged against one another. They seemed pretty equally matched. Sometimes Niccolo won. Other times the victory went to Hannibal. Despite the hatred Niccolo felt for his nemesis philosophy, you could tell that he harbored a deep respect for him. Although I had never met Hannibal, something told me that he shared this mutual respect for Niccolo as well. 

As we were heading back home a rabbit came running up to us. 

Marshal! Commander! he exclaimed. We have word that Hannibal is advancing with his troops! 

Looking bored Niccolo responded. 

What else is new? We have enough troops to meet his advance. 

Sir, thats not all! the rabbit excitedly continued. We have reports that he is using the secret weapon. 

Niccolos countenance changed from boredom to anger. He turned on the rabbit and began shouting.

How many times do I have to tell you animals? There is no secret weapon! Stop spreading rumors that could lower the morale of the soldiers! 

The rabbit looked to the ground in silence. Looking at me Niccolo was calm once again. 

Christopher, have you ever seen Hannibal?  

No. I said. I almost spotted him marching with his troops through Cuyamonga, but he passed before I could see him. 

Addressing the rabbit he gave the following command.

Take the Commander to the plateau facing the western front. From there he should be able to see the battle from a safe distance. He then looked at me and said, Observe all you can about your enemy. In this way you will be in a better position when you finally have to face him. You did well today Christopher. I will report your actions directly to Socrates. Im sure hell be pleased. 

At that Niccolo disappeared into the woods. 

If you follow me Commander, said the rabbit. Ill take you to the plateau. 

Wait a minute, I said. I want to ask you something. 

The rabbit looked up at me inquisitively. I looked in the direction that Niccolo had exited to make sure he was gone. 

What do you know about this secret weapon? 

Embarrassed the rabbit looked down to the ground. 

Im not supposed to talk about that. 

Its ok, I reassured him. It will be our secret. 

He hesitated. 

But the Marshal said 

I am your commander. I interrupted. 

Taking a leaf out of Niccolos book I placed my paw on his shoulder.

Its alright soldier. You can trust me. I just need to know what we are up against. 

The rabbits demeanor changed to one of excitement. His eyes lit up as he explained.

 Ive never actually seen the weapon. From what Ive heard in fact no one has ever seen the weapon and been able to talk about it. 

Its that deadly? 

No. Thats just it, he responded. The weapon doesnt kill its victims, but it leaves them changed. There have been attempts to interview the survivors if you can call them survivors, but its been pointless. Their brains are scrambled. Some hypothesize that the weapon reveals some unbearable truth to the onlookers leaving them incapacitated. But thats only hearsay. No one knows for sure. 

I was perplexed. What exactly did this weapon reveal to its victims leaving them in this state? And why does Niccolo refuse to believe that such a weapon could exist? 

Are you ready sir? asked the rabbit. 

Yes. Lead the way, I responded. 

We headed for the plateau. I thought it would be necessary for us to exit the woods in order to reach the battlefield however the rabbit was leading me farther into the forest. Just when I was about to ask if he was sure we were heading in the right direction, the rabbit stopped. 

This is the entrance to the caverns. It is very dark in there so you need to stay close to me. When we exit the caverns we will have arrived at our destination. 

After walking in darkness for about a half an hour between moist stalagmites and stalactites we finally reached the opening at the end of the caverns. As we approached, the opening seemed to be growing larger. Suddenly I realized why the route we took was a shortcut. Instead of walking uphill toward the top of the canyon, we had traveled directly through the rock and come out on the other side emerging about half way into the depths of the canyon. After exiting, I looked up to see the top of the canyon where I had stood with Niccolo. I then looked down. The canyon was even larger than I had realized. We walked out onto a large plateau and could see from a distance a great hill. 

These are the plateaus, the rabbit said. 

Is this the site that can be seen from the top of the canyon that appears as colorful waves? I asked. 

The rabbit shook his head. 

Thats farther down below. This area because of its inaccessibility is reserved for special military operations. Look there! said the rabbit, pointing to some movement at the base of the hill. Thats Hannibal. Do you see? 

I squinted my eyes and saw a cat leading a large army towards the hill. From a distance I could only make out the color of his fur. It was white and golden brown. But as he approached I noticed more details. He had a strong build and was larger than the cats he was leading. He had a long sturdy body, long legs and a bushy tail. As the wind rustled his coat I could see that it consisted of a long, glossy, thick top layer and a wooly undercoat. Hannibals coat was thickest at the legs, chest and head and appeared to be water-repellant. I say this because all of the other animals following him had wet fur as if they were drenched with water but his coat looked dry. He advanced with straight posture. The rest of the animals hobbled along and although they appeared to be tired they seemed to receive inspiration to continue from their leader. Again I looked at Hannibal. His head was long with an over-all shape similar to an equilateral triangle. He had a strong chin, and a muzzle of medium length, with large ears wide at the base and high set. His ears, which had a tuft of hair at the ends, completed the extensions of the triangle formed by his head. The most significant detail about the general was his eyes. They were almond shaped and had a penetrating arctic blue color that were noticeable even from a great distance. Something about his eyes made me shudder. I quickly looked away. It was like trying to stare at the sun. Even after turning away I could still see those terrible eyes. They burned their way into my memory. The leader disappeared behind the hill but as I watched his army following him I noticed a huddled mass of soldiers carrying something. It looked like a large wooden box. Could this be the secret weapon? I wondered, as they disappeared behind the hill. I then noticed activity on the side of the hill facing us. Niccolos troops having been alerted began ascending the hill to meet Hannibal. A tidal wave of cats swiftly rushed up and over the hill. The echoing sound of bodies colliding reminded me of the crackling of a fire. After a few minutes of fighting something unexpected happened. Sudden bright flashes of light shimmered from behind the horizon. The rapid flow of Niccolos troops began to slow. As the animals reached the top of the hill and looked down at the flashes of light they tried to put on the brakes and turn back but it was too late. Momentum continued to drive them right over the top. 

Whats happening? I asked. 

With a stunned face the rabbit suddenly turned toward the caverns and yelled. 

Commander, Run! 

We both darted into the cold darkness of the caverns and ran from an unknown danger. I looked back and could still see faint flashes of light glimmering. I stopped running and called to the rabbit. 

Slow down! 

I could hear my voice echoing and bouncing off the walls of the cavern. I then heard steps approaching me. 

Im right here sir, said the rabbit. 

What was that back there? I asked.

Well sir, the rabbit responded. I want to say that it was the secret weapon. The Marshal says there is no secret weapon so I honestly dont know what it was. Nevertheless the Marshal placed you in my care and I didnt think it was safe for us to stick around and find out. 

Youre probably right, I said. Speak of this to no one until we can find out whats going on. Is that clear? 

Yes sir! 

Although I couldnt see him in the dark I imagined that he was saluting me. 

We still need to talk about what we just witnessed. Where can you be reached? 

I live near the entrance to the caverns sir. If ever you need me Im at your service. 

After exiting the caverns I sent the rabbit on his way, again reminding him to speak to no one about what we had witnessed. I wanted to check on my friend Chauncey so I decided to pass by the area where he was being held. However to my surprise he was not there. The rope the dogs had used to tie him to the tree was still there but Chauncey was nowhere to be found. I then remembered what it was that I was planning on doing before Socrates summoned me. Truth and Justice had some questions to answer. 

As I approached the shelter I noticed that it was completely empty. I wondered where everyone was. I kept walking. Was Fostoria evacuated while I was gone, I thought. I headed for the creek where I had given my speech. On entering the clearing I saw thousands of animals standing in long lines. At the end of the lines stood Truth and Justices goons. Upon being instructed, the animal at the beginning of the line would be directed into a tent where no doubt the Siamese twins were waiting. I decided to skip the line and demand a conference with the two. As I walked passed my comrades who were being purged I noticed they had an empty look in their eyes. The animals were no longer carefree and happy. As they caught sight of me however glimmers of hope appeared in their eyes. 

Look! Its the Commander! someone shouted. 

They began applauding and some animals started to chant. 

Great is Christopher! Ruler of Fostoria! 

But before they could start in real earnest, some of the dogs that were overlooking the processing rushed towards the line and began barking furiously. Immediately the animals that were chanting and applauding were silenced. Then something strange happened. Noting that my arrival was the cause of the disturbance, one of the dogs rushed towards me. However before he got anywhere near me, with one accord about twenty animals broke away from the lines and intercepted him. They lifted him into the air and slammed him onto the ground knocking the air out of him. The animals seemed to act defensively without using any thought. It was a mere reflex. I looked around at the crowd and they all shared the same look on their faces. I knew that any one of them would have reacted in the same way had they been closer to the dog. Twenty animals were enough though. If more were required they would have been supplied. Their reaction reminded me of the response of the crowd that time when Hector was chasing the wild mouse. The whole crowd was united in the same mind just like right now. The animals were still on top of the dog as Justice emerged from one of the tents. The dogs yelping when he hit the ground must have alerted him. 

What is the meaning of this? Release him at once! commanded Justice. 

But the animals didnt budge. They just looked to me. I nodded. 

Release him, I ordered. 

He was released. The animals that had come to my defense did something unusual. Immediately they returned to their places in line. They also went back to being terrified of the dogs. They really dont realize how powerful they are. Do they? I thought. Justice approached me calmly. 

How did your field training go, Commander? 

I would not be distracted. 

I demand to know what is going on here. Why are all of the animals in line? Ive heard youve been seizing property and arresting citizens without letting them know what they are being charged with? As the Commander, I demand to know where they are being held. 

Justice stared at me with cold eyes but didnt say anything. 

Did you hear what I just said? I asked angrily. I demand answers! Where is Truth? We are going to hash this out right now! 

Truth cannot be disturbed right now, Justice replied. He is in the middle of an interrogation. I understand you have some concerns about our methods because this is the first time you are witnessing a purge. But I assure you. We are the good guys. 

I looked at him in disbelief. 

You are more than welcome to sit in on an interrogation if youd like. 

I think Ill do that. I responded. 

Of course it will have to be later, Justice added. Because as I mentioned earlier the interrogation has already begun and it must not be interrupted. Truths work requires a great deal of concentration. But while hes working lets take a walk and clear the air. You seem to have something you want to get off your chest. 

Justice turned northward and walked away from me. Abruptly he looked back at me. 

Are you coming or not? 

I ran to catch up. 

There was a great deal of tension in the air. Although I had called this meeting, I wasnt sure of where to begin. Justice spoke first. 

Christopher? he said, for the first time using my name. Imagine a cat who, out of no fault of his own was involved in an accident. Lets say he is set upon by falling rocks. Barely escaping with his life he moves out of the way only to have his tail trapped under a heavy boulder. For hours futilely he tries pushing the boulder off his crushed tail but it wont budge. He then tries to pull his tail out from under the boulder. The extreme physical pain makes this option impossible. As the days pass he goes over in his mind all of the alternatives he has in order to escape this predicament. His mind just keeps offering the same solutions that he has already tried. A week goes by. With dim eyes he notices that his tail is beginning to turn black and the sickness is attempting to overtake his healthy flesh. At this point something inside his head clicks. Faced with the reality of his situation a new idea leaps into his mind. He musters all the will he has left and he pulls with all his might until he feels something cracking. Ignoring the pain he proceeds to tear at his fleshy fetter with his teeth until he is freed. 

I looked at Justice in shock. Where is he going with this gruesome illustration? As we walked I noticed we were approaching Fostorias northern border. Where is he leading us? I wondered. 

The pain was excruciating, Justice continued. But to the freed cat it was worth it. Why do you think that is? 

I didnt know what this illustration had to do with my grievances but I decided to humor him. 

I suppose he felt that he needed to escape in order to live. He was willing to sacrifice his tail and suffer extreme pain in order to accomplish this. 

Justice nodded. 

Thats right! he said excitedly. Surely you must know how that feels right Christopher. To have to suffer hardships temporarily in order to bring about lasting relief? 

For some reason I thought about my near death experience with the pain in my gut. My time was up. I had accepted it but Jeffery Chambers did something. He made me endure suffering but as a result of the suffering I was made stronger. Is this cat trying to tell me that the purge is going to make Fostorias citizens stronger? Is that his point? That is preposterous! I looked at him suspiciously and gradually responded. 

Yes. I have suffered hardships. 

And are you a better cat today for having had to endure these hardships? he asked. 

I pondered seriously. 

I could have done without the suffering, I asserted. Admittedly Im wiser than I was before but if someone would have just shown me the way I Youre shaking your head. You dont believe me? 

I believe that you are sincere in your ideas, replied Justice. But sincerity is not enough. You have to understand the inner workings of the mind. Suffering is a necessary tool to effectively train the mind. Without it there would be chaos because without restraint the mind is dangerous. Perverse thoughts lead to unrestrained actions. Unrestrained actions in turn could result in anarchy. 

He peered at me sincerely but at the same time I could tell he was trying to read my expression. Convinced that I didnt agree with his worldview Justice finally blurted out a response. 

Fine! I see that you dont believe me. He sighed heavily. I warned the Marshal that he should have listened to Socrates. Its obvious that you are not ready for any of this just as Socrates warned. But Marshal Niccolo says he sees something in you. Justice shrugged. Well it cant be helped now. In my opinion you are not ready to see what Im about to show you but there is no more time. Truth and I cant be expected to execute a successful purge of a territory and at the same time baby-sit its new ruler. 

I followed Justice through the woods to a clearing, which faced the border of Lumpenproletaria. Standing at the border in the shadows was a solitary figure. 

This is the threshold guardian, Justice said. He will show you the true nature of the raw product making up our current society. Again I just want to reiterate that I dont believe you are ready for this reality. That being said, if after seeing the inner workings of Lumpenproletaria you still fail to understand what were trying to accomplish I dont think you will ever understand. 

Justice abruptly turned and walked back into the forest leaving me with the threshold guardian. 

Chapter 6 - I sit on a mans back, choking him and making him carry me, and yet assure myself and others that I am very sorry for him and wish to ease his lot by all possible means  except by getting off his back. - Leo Tolstoy

A cat that looked about my age suddenly stepped out of the shadows. 

So, you are the one thats been creating all of the buzz in Lumpenproletaria, said the cat. 

Are you the threshold guardian? I asked. 

He rolled his eyes. 

Follow me, he commanded and turned back into the shadows. 

I quickly caught up with him. I was a little confused because I was told that Lumpenproletaria was a neutral territory yet the impression that Justice had left me with was that this guide was working for Socrates. I decided to inquire. 

Excuse me sir, but   

Let me ask you a question, he abruptly interjected. Are you a true believer? In animalism I mean. Its all right you can speak freely. In Lumpenproletaria you are not held accountable for what you say. 

I was taken aback by his forwardness. 

Yes, I replied. I believe that once all animals wake up and realize that we all belong to the same species we will be able to work together for lasting peace. 

The threshold guardian stopped in his tracks and looked me in the eyes. There was a brief pause then he burst into laughter. He was actually laughing right in my face. He laughed so hard he began choking. He coughed violently. 

Youre pulling my leg, he exclaimed. Youre not serious are you? 

I looked at him in bewilderment trying to wrap my mind around what was happening. Suddenly his expression hardened. 

You are serious. Well I dont want to be the one to crush your dream but thats exactly what it is. A dream. 

I couldnt believe what I was hearing. 

So you dont believe in the equality of all animals? You are a speciest spy! I accused pointing my paw at him threateningly. 

Hey! he aggressively responded. Im no speciest! Their ideology is even more absurd than ours. But at least they are not hypocrites. 

What did he mean by that remark? I wondered. 

And save your threats, he continued. There is nothing more the Union can do to me. Im already in the worst place on earth. 

So he considers his assignment as a punishment, I thought. 

Look, he continued. Im not trying to shake your faith or anything. I just 

Then dont! I interrupted. Please. Just do your job. Show me the foundations of society. 

I hope youll pardon this outburst. You see I wasnt ready at that time to even entertain doubts about animalism. Even though things were not running as smoothly as I had imagined they would, I was still invested in the idea of equality for all. The threshold guardian stood for a moment as if considering something then looked at me.

As you wish Commander. 

As the cat walked on, his entire demeanor changed. His posture improved. His gait became regimented and gave the impression that he was a disciplined soldier with a high regard for duty. As we walked I began noticing my surroundings. There were vines and branches that cast dark shadows all around us. Thick brush along the Lumpenproletariat border also made it difficult to penetrate into the interior. All of a sudden my guide pushed aside some vines and rays of light beamed into my eyes. Some dust was also swept up into my face. 

May I present he announced, the foundations of society.

Now, I wasnt sure what I would see in Lumpenproletaria. From the build up of expectation however, I was anticipating something shocking. Nevertheless nothing could have prepared me for what I saw. I raised my eyes and looked out upon a barren wasteland. The vegetation stopped at the frontier. At first everything looked deserted, then I saw some movement. An emaciated dog with almost all of his fur missing came limping across our path. His exposed pink skin glistened in the sun. He looked in our direction but his bloodshot eyes had no glimmer. There was no sign that he recognized any of his surroundings. He appeared to be crushed by misery. He hobbled past us in no apparent direction. What happened to him? I wondered. 

We continued on and came across a large rabbit that was ferociously barking at a cat in a tree just out of his reach. The cat had a look of terror as if he felt the rabbit could swallow him whole. Just then a pack of stray dogs ran past, chasing each other playfully. After sniffing each other cautiously the rabbit joined the pack and they ran off together barking loudly. I glanced over at the threshold guardian inquisitively. He appeared to not notice my glance and walked on without saying a word. 

We walked past tar pits, which had piles of bones stacked up along the edges. The bones varied in size. Some could have belonged to a bear while others must have belonged to chipmunks or squirrels. What caught my attention at the time was the sheer number of them scattered along the shore of the pits. It was obvious they were being hauled into the pits because some of them were covered in tar and submerged in the pit while the other half was exposed. I remember wondering at the time how deep the pits were and if they were in fact full of bones. 

We walked through the tar pits and came across a large plaza full of animals of all species. Most of them looked sick. As we walked we had to step over the dead and dying animals, which were sprawled out on the ground indiscriminately. The smell of decay was overwhelming. This was too much to take. I had to know how these animals ended up in these conditions. I looked over at the threshold guardian and he just glared at me with an expression that said, You didnt want to hear what I had to say before. Told me to do my job. Now you want answers huh? We obviously started off on the wrong foot so I tried to win over my guide. 

Conditions here sure are different than Fostoria. 

I smiled good-naturedly. 

Yeah well, things were not always like this, he responded. At one time Lumpenproletaria was one of the richest areas around in terms of produce and vegetation. The animals thrived here. At least that is what Im told. Its hard to believe looking at the place now. 

What happened? I asked. 

We happened, he replied sardonically. I mean domestication happened. When the first domesticated animals arrived in this area it was full of wild animals and they had their own wild laws and traditions. Some of these practices seemed barbaric to the settlers. For example there were some animals that used to eat other animals. The founders of society couldnt have citizens eating one another so the practice was outlawed. Many of these species couldnt adapt to the new laws so they either broke the law and suffered the consequences or they died off of malnutrition. Whole species became extinct which threw off the ecosystem. The species that survived the changes didnt have it much easier. Succeeding generations found it easier to follow the rules since they didnt have anything to compare it to. However they felt something was missing from their lives. They had sharp teeth for tearing flesh but only ate vegetables. They had heightened senses for hunting other animals but only used them for sniffing out mushrooms and gathering nuts and berries. Although they survived, gradually a feeling of alienation began to develop among them. The domesticated newcomers initially showed great interest in the savage breeds. They tried to educate them teaching economics and social studies but the attempts were unsuccessful. The wild animals didnt understand for example why they now needed to accumulate more food than they could eat in order to trade it for currency, which in turn could be traded for other goods. What is the point of all of this? they would say. If nature provides enough for everyones needs free of charge, why bother with economics? Dismayed with the lack of appreciation displayed by the savages the domesticated breeds lost all interest in them. They were allowed to manage their own territories however they saw fit, with the exception of the barbaric practices I mentioned earlier. However the damage to the ecosystem made it impossible for them to recover stability. Certain diseases started appearing that eradicated even more species. Diseases started infiltrating the borders of domestication, which prompted the rulers of the domesticated lands to become more involved with the lives of those in Lumpenproleteria. This involvement eventually evolved into what you see today. Because they were seen as inferiors their land was stripped of its resources and the animals were used as slave labor. We built our society on the backs of the wild animals in Lumpenproletaria. Sometimes I almost feel sorry for the Lumpens. Then I look at them or attempt to speak to one of them and those feelings immediately disappear. Im reminded of what a despicable waste of resources a Lumpen is. 

Now let me tell you, I was shocked at what I was hearing from the threshold guardian. I didnt understand what could inspire such feelings of hatred toward another living being. 

Are they really that bad? I asked.

He extended his paw towards a large group of Lumpens lined up waiting to receive rations. 

Just look at them! They produce nothing; yet expect to be given everything. They complain about their lot in life yet refuse to accept any responsibility to change their circumstances. 

Suddenly a large lumpen raccoon walked past us and the Threshold guardian seized him by the neck. 

Beast! addressed the threshold guardian to the Lumpen, Has the trade started yet? 

No sir! replied the terrified Lumpen. Not for another half hour or so sir! 

Very well then, said the guardian after releasing the Lumpen. I have time to show you the breeding houses before the main event. 

The Lumpen quickly ran away as the threshold guardian wiped his paws clean with a rag. He apparently felt contaminated just by touching the Lumpen. I followed my guide across the plaza and finally came to a stop at a group of large wooden rectangular structures, which were connected together. There was an entrance with a swinging door that was constantly in motion as the animals herded in and out of the entrance. The noises coming from this structure were indescribable. 

This is one of many breeding houses we maintain here in Lumpenproleteria, said the threshold guardian. Youve no doubt observed the colorful waves that can be seen from the top of the canyon? These breeding houses are what supply fresh Lumpens to be used in battle thus maintaining the constant flow of those waves. 

I observed a couple of Lumpens engaged in conversation. It was a rabbit and a cat. The rabbit said, 

When it come to dat stage I wanna be well grounded and stuff like dat, the rabbit said. 

I feel you, the cat responded. You gotta believe in you. Cause these other mutts out here will flip on you in a second. The other day I was 

Suddenly there conversation was interrupted by a female Lumpen that walked by. She was a brown mixed breed dog with short fur and floppy ears. She didnt make a noise as she passed but her presence grabbed both of their attention as if she had gripped them by the collar. Both of the Lumpens followed her with their eyes and heads, turning completely around in unison. As she disappeared into the darkness beyond the swinging door of the breeding house, the Lumpens hypnotic trance seemed to have been broken. 

As I was saying, continued the cat. Mutts cant be trusted. 

All at once the cat wrinkled his brow as if remembering something. He then turned and ran towards the breeding house closely followed by the rabbit. As the Lumpens darted into the swinging door I looked away in disgust. 

The breeding house is somewhat of a factory that produces Lumpens, said my guide. 

The threshold guardian picked up on my reaction.

Does this shock you? he asked. 

They are from different species! I responded. 

He laughed. 

I thought you believed all animals were equal. He then said calmly, They are all Lumpens. Everyone is shocked at first but dont worry. You get used to it. 

As we were about to move on, a tour group approached us on the right. I could here the guide speaking. 

And here we have the breeding houses. These factories are what supply Cuyamonga with the raw material we use to maintain our foundations. 

Are they from Cuyamonga? I whispered. 

Yes, but there is no need to whisper, my guide responded. Lumpenproleteria is a neutral territory that is maintained by both Cuyamonga and Kliev. 

Nervously I followed my guide as he walked passed the tour group. He nodded cordially at the Cuyamongan guide as he passed by. 

Well, said the threshold guardian, I think its time you saw the main event. Lets make our way to the slave trade. 

My mouth dropped open following my guides nonchalant remark. As we walked my mind was racing. 

These conditions are so far removed from the society we are trying to forge in the Union of Animals. I find it hard to believe that Socrates condones this type of atmosphere. But according to the threshold guardian he not only condones it he is maintaining it. But can I really trust this guardian? I already know he doesnt believe in animalism. But just what does he believe in? There is no way Socrates is aware of these conditions. Ill tell Niccolo as soon as I see him. But how could they not be aware of these conditions especially considering Socrates has a network of spies reporting to him. No. There must be some kind of conspiracy to cover up these atrocities. Look at this threshold guardian. Ill bet Socrates would be interested in finding out what type of operatives he has representing him. 

All these thoughts ran through my mind in quick succession at lightning speed as we walked. Again I began to notice my surroundings and I noticed that not all of the inhabitants of Lumpenproleteria looked as though they belonged here. Some were well groomed and healthy looking. I heard a snippet of conversation from two such inhabitants. 

Im telling you Steve, this is living! Doesnt it feel good to get back to the wild, to our roots? 

Well its ok to visit but we could never live here. 

What do you mean? If our ancestors could do it I could do it as well. Hunting and living off the land.  

What do you mean our ancestors? My ancestors were domesticated. If you want to claim the wild savages as your ancestors, thats your business. The threshold guardian noticed my interest in the conversation.

You may have noticed that not all of the inhabitants are Lumpens. We have a regular flow of domesticated animals that try their paws at living in Lumpenproleteria. Why anyone would voluntarily choose to live in this wasteland is beyond me. But Im told that its supposed to awaken some sort of spiritual experience for them. They imagine they are wild animals living in the wilderness. To each his own I guess. 

We walked back along the path we had taken towards the plaza. Upon arrival I noticed that the plazas appearance had changed. There was a platform set up in the middle of the plaza and a large obese cat with long white fur was walking around the stage examining a number of Lumpens that had been gathered on the stage. There was a fox, a cat, a dog a beaver and a rabbit. Presently the obese cat was inspecting the fox. 

Open your mouth and stick out your tongue, he ordered. Very well. Now lets see those teeth. 

The cat forced his mouth shut then grabbed the fox by his ears and began closely examining them. He then moved on to the cat and one by one examined all of the animals in the same way a merchant would inspect merchandise he is about to purchase. The way the animals were being roughly handled and examined as if they were objects instead of living beings left a heavy feeling in my gut. After the inspection the cat walked to the edge of the platform and addressed the crowds that were gathering. 

Folks! The bidding is about to begin! he shouted. We have some quality merchandise here. These Lumpens are young and strong. They have been broken in and trained to follow orders. Lets start the bidding at one hundred fish tails. Do we have one fifty? One fifty from the cat with the black fur. Two hundred. Do we have two fifty? Three hundred. Four hundred. Do we have four fifty? Four hundred going once, going twice. Sold to the gray striped tabby from Cuyamonga. 

The merchandise was marched off of the platform and into cages ready to be transported to Cuyamonga. They were quickly replaced with a new row of Lumpens and the entire process was repeated. 

How is this barbaric practice permitted in this day and age? I exclaimed. 

It was of course Cuyamongas idea to have an open slave trade, answered the threshold guardian, as it conforms to their culture and ideological views. To the astonishment of all the surrounding territories however, the Union of Animals did not object to it. They even participate in the bidding. Of course the animals bought by the Union are not considered slaves but comrades and they are immediately freed. Upon their release they are put to work however, in such back breaking grueling labor that most of them do not survive long. Its even been rumored that many of the Lumpens hope they will be bought by Cuyamongans rather than the Union. This is because although they will be robbed of dignity living openly as a slave and sub-animal the living conditions are often much better than those of their freed comrades in the Union. 

I couldnt believe what I was hearing. 

Were supposed to be working towards the equality of all animals! I exclaimed. How can the Union condone and even participate in this farce? 

Well, said the guardian thoughtfully, There are various schools of thought on this subject. However the consensus view has to do with the ideological views of the animalists themselves. They feel hardship and humiliation cannot stop the revolution from coming but rather hastens its arrival and adds to the ferocity. They welcome hardship. The more miserable the conditions the better for the cause. 

And what about you? I asked. Do you agree with this view? 

Hey, Im just the threshold guardian, he replied. My views are irrelevant. 

The threshold guardian peered at me suspiciously. 

But why do you want to know my opinion all of a sudden? 

I didnt answer him and he didnt pursue the question. At the time I didnt really know why I asked him this question. Maybe I felt his opinion was more valid than those who cannot see the reality of their decisions up close. Because of his assignment he was given a view of the situation that no one else had. Certainly he must have formed strong opinions. Suddenly I was overcome with a sense of despair over life. 

If this is the extent of life for these animals I exclaimed, how can they carry on? 

Sub-animals, my guide corrected me. And you are right. If this were the extent of their existence most all of the Lumpens would go out of their minds. They have certain distractions that allow them to take their minds off their miserable conditions. Some believe in a prophecy about a Great One who is supposed to come and save them from these conditions. For the rest of them there is nip. 

Cat nip? 

No this is much stronger than cat nip, said the threshold guardian. It is highly addictive and it has been chemically manufactured just for Lumpens. 

The threshold guardian paused suddenly as if he had just remembered something. 

Also, did you know that a majority of Lumpens fantasize about one day becoming famous? This of course is a pipe dream but it gives them hope. 

My guide all at once turned cheerful but he had a sly smile on his face. 

Youve come on a good day! There is a match scheduled for today in the coliseum. You will have an opportunity to witness the type of entertainment the Lumpens feed their minds on. 

As we walked toward the coliseum I noticed posters of a large dog in all types of dynamic poses. He was a very healthy looking boxer with strong teeth and a shiny coat. On each poster was a different one-word message written in bold dynamic lettering with exclamation points added. Some of them had phrases such as Believe! or Success! etc. I was curious about these posters so I decided to inquire of the threshold guardian. 

Who is the dog in those posters? 

Oh, thats Leo, he responded. He is the epitome of what many Lumpens aspire to become. He is their hero. According to the legend he was born into the most miserable conditions imaginable and wasnt expected to live long but somehow he survived. He applied himself to the art of physical work and obedient submission. He was favored with a prominent position in the cannon fodder division of the army and somehow survived with only slight injuries. After retiring from the service he devoted himself to becoming a champion gladiator. According to the legend he retired as a champion because no challenger was able to defeat him. 

Looking up at the posters I was fascinated about this hero. Something about the expression in his eyes gave me the impression that he was in possession of some knowledge that no one else knew about. Thats all I have to say about Leo at this time. But dont worry Ill have more to say about this hero later on in our story. 

As we got closer to the coliseum the traffic of animals grew thicker. These animals were noticeably happier as well. They had smiles on their faces but an empty look in their eyes. Some of them would walk, quietly musing to themselves then suddenly break out in hysterical laughter. Just as suddenly, they would then stop laughing and continue musing while all the time walking towards the coliseum. When we arrived at the coliseum I was struck with the immense size of the place. It was hard to imagine that such a structure was built with animal paws but here it was. We entered the large doors situated between two large stone columns. After climbing many flights of stairs we reached the doors, which let out to the arena. From my seat I could see large dogs being led into the arena by chains and fetters around their necks. The cats leading them fastened the chain to an iron loop that was protruding out of the ground. They then quickly ran out of the arena. No sooner had they exited than a large iron door was opened and a grizzly bear walked into the arena. There is no need to describe what happened next but it was very violent and left me with a feeling that I would be very sick unless I got out of there immediately. Picking up on my condition the threshold guardian ushered me out of the coliseum at once and I did get sick all over the ground as soon as I exited. Gasping for breath I tried to grasp what I had just experienced and what it meant for animalkind. As I said before it would be in poor taste to describe what I saw in the coliseum but I will describe the reactions of the Lumpens that were witnessing the event. As I looked around the arena everyones eyes were fixed upon the activities inside the enclosure. No one looked away in disgust or even cringed. In fact quite the opposite effect occurred. It was as if they were feeding upon the violence and didnt want to miss a second of the show. They appeared to be in an ecstasy of emotion as they cheered the graphic event. After regaining my composure I made a declaration to the threshold guardian. 

That was dreadful! How could they bare to watch such filth? 

They are Lumpens, responded my guide. You still seem not to understand the nature of a Lumpen. 

He peered at me inquisitively. 

Perhaps you need to actually speak to a Lumpen to better understand. You see that young Lumpen over there. 

The threshold guardian pointed to a puppy that was leaning up against a tree and scowling angrily. 

I want you to go over and try and converse with that Lumpen. Maybe then you will understand what they are. 

As I walked towards the young Lumpen I couldnt take my mind off of what I experienced at the coliseum. It had left a strong impression on me. I still believed in the equality of all animals including Lumpens but I have to admit that their reaction to the violence we had witnessed forced me to slightly change my views on Lumpens. A slight feeling of aversion toward the Lumpen began to emerge. 

I will have to control that, I thought. 

As I approached the young Lumpen he looked up at me menacingly. 

Hey there youngster. I said. My name is 

I know who you are. Interrupted the puppy. 

Yes. Well I just wanted to get your opinion on something. 

The young Lumpen glared at me aggressively. 

How do you feel about your life here in Lumpenproleteria? I asked. 

The Lumpen meditated. 

I feel like somehow this disorder is planned. I blame the felines for everything. 

His response surprised me. 

What up mutt? he said, bumping paws with a young cat that had just approached. 

Chacho here is not a feline, he explained noticing my confusion. Just because he is a cat doesnt make him a feline. Being a feline has more to do with your thoughts and attitudes. Hes a mutt just like the rest of us. 

I stared inquiringly at the Lumpen. 

And you are not offended by this expression mutt? 

The young Lumpen smiled. 

The word mutt is not offensive because we have retaken the word from the felines and changed its meaning. We have taken the negative power away from this word by using it ourselves. 

The two Lumpens then turned their backs on me and began their own conversation. Every now and again one of them would look in my direction angrily but for the most part I was being ignored. I Stepped away from the young ones and pondered. 

They have their own way of seeing the world. 

As I approached the threshold guardian he inquired. 

Did you learn anything from that conversation? 

He didnt hear the conversation because we were out of his earshot. 

Yes, I replied. 

The only lesson that needs to be learned fired back the guardian, is that they are a dangerous element that needs to be kept down and in the dark. 

Unexpectedly a messenger pigeon fluttered up to us. 

Commander! You are being summoned by Socrates! exclaimed the messenger. 

I looked at the threshold guardian. He shrugged. 

Were done here anyways. Youve seen all you need to see. Better run off to your master. You dont want to keep him waiting. 

All of this was said in a sincere voice but with a sarcastic smile. Remembering what had happened the last time I was summoned by Socrates I decided not to interrogate the messenger. As I accompanied the messenger back to Fostoria, my mind was troubled by all that I had witnessed in Lumpenproleteria. Upon arriving I was somehow not surprised to meet not Socrates but Niccolo.

As I crossed the border into Fostoria, the air never smelled as sweet. Niccolo was pacing up and down impatiently. When he saw me walking up to him he stopped pacing and smiled warmly. 

Christopher my boy! Its nice to see you again! 

He extended his paws and embraced me. This unexpected display of emotion caught me off guard and eased my agitated mind. Nevertheless I was still greatly disconcerted. 

Ive been hearing good things about you, he said. Socrates is very pleased with your progress. So youve observed Lumpenproleteria. Tell me what are your thoughts? 

Marshal, I declared. We need to talk. 

Sensing the seriousness of my tone, Niccolo changed his demeanor. His smile disappeared and he wrinkled his brow. With a look of concern he placed his paw on my shoulder but noticing my anxiety as I nervously flinched, he quickly removed it. 

Whats on your mind Commander? 

I didnt even know where to begin. 

Things are not unfolding as I expected them to, I began awkwardly. I think perhaps youve placed too much confidence in me. I dont think Im the right animal to lead the march of history toward animalism. 

Nonsense! interrupted Niccolo. Youre doing a fine job. 

He swiped his paw dismissing my concerns. 

But what if I dont fully understand the animalist philosophy? I exclaimed indignantly. 

Niccolo wrinkled his brow and squinted his eyes. 

What I mean is I stammered. I definitely believe in the equality of all animals and I want for all animals to live together in peace but 

Well! interrupted Niccolo. Thats all there is to understand! 

He smiled and had a look of relief on his face. 

You scared me a little. For a second there I thought you had gone over to the dark side. 

No, I said. But speaking of the dark side, something has been weighing very heavily upon my mind. I have been feeling very guilty about the way Fostoria joined the Union of Animals. They put all their trust in me and that is the only reason they did not put up a struggle. 

Would you have rather they struggled? Niccolo asked sardonically. 

No, I said. Its not that. I just feel that if we would have told them about animalism and explained the virtues of such a society, they would have accepted it of their own accord. The way we did it feels almost like we deceived them. 

Niccolos ears perked up. 

And what if we did deceive them? Is that so dreadful? When you were a kitten did your mother have to explain everything to you in detail before you obeyed her? No. She knew what was best for you according to instinct and you accepted it. The same principle applies here. 

I protested. 

But the methods Truth and Justice have been using to purge Fostoria dont seem to coincide with what we spoke about that first time in Kliev. I dont understand why they need to be so brutal with our comrades. Do you know I was getting worked up. Do you know what Justice said to me when I questioned him about his techniques? He actually said that suffering was necessary in order for us to accomplish our goals. He actually said that! 

Niccolo peered at me for a long time thoughtfully. I observed that he wasnt shocked by Justices remark. 

I will look into it, he said finally. Dont worry. 

He paused meditatively. 

At the same time Christopher you need to grow up and realize that were not running a popularity contest. In creating a perfect society we are liable to step on a few paws and stroke someones fur the wrong way. We neednt apologize for that. Remember, the end justifies the means. 

Do the means include slavery? I cried out exasperated. Are those means justified as well? 

Puzzled Niccolo stared at me curiously. 

Slavery? he laughed. Who is justifying slavery? 

The threshold guardian showed me the slave trade that goes on in Lumpenproleteria. 

Thats the Speciests doing, Niccolo protested. You cant blame the Union of Animals for that. 

Yes, I fired back. But why should the Union participate in the bidding? Isnt it a violation of our core principles? 

Niccolo stared at me attentively. 

Thats one way of looking at it, he said. But heres another. Should the Union of Animals sit idly by while millions of our future comrades are shipped off to Cuyamonga as slaves? Of course eventually when we win the war all of them will be freed. But what about in the meantime? By bidding for slaves and later freeing them as comrades some would say we are gaining a victory for the cause. 

I paused briefly to consider the Marshals viewpoint. Before I could develop a counter argument he seized on this opportunity to scold me. 

Christopher! He said, raising his voice. You need to understand that the world is a whole lot more complicated than you imagine it to be. Now, you need to listen to those who have more experience than you. I have confidence in you but you need to get your head in the game. Im not going to baby you. I need you to step up and do what needs to be done! Do we understand each other Commander? 

I saluted and exclaimed. 

Yes Marshal! 

Good. Now maybe we can get down to business. Socrates called you here because you have been chosen to represent the Union of Animals at the United Territories Conference to be held in Cuyamonga. 

I stared at Niccolo apprehensively as I was unsure what this new development meant. Niccolo grinned widely baring his teeth. He then laughed heartily. 

You should be happy. This is a great honor for you. You will not only be representing your territory of Fostoria but you will be representing all of the territories in the Union as our spokescat. I usually represent the Union as spokescat but this year Socrates decided that it should be you. 

I wasnt sure about how to feel about this new development, especially considering that I was having doubts about my faith. Nevertheless I smiled. 

Thank you very much. I would be honored to represent the Union. 

Very well, said Niccolo. 

He appeared satisfied that my faith in animalism was restored. 

At midday tomorrow you are to meet in Kliev with the delegates from the other territories. There you will be briefed with everything you need to know for the conference. Take advantage of this opportunity Christopher. Being a leader is more than just making decisions and acting. You need to know how to maneuver diplomatically as well. 

Niccolo looked me up and down then sighed. 

And dont worry, he said reassuringly. It gets a lot easier. 

He then turned and walked away leaving me alone with my conflicting thoughts. It was late and I had endured a long day. My mind and body were exhausted but I couldnt force my mind to rest. As I walked towards my bed, the wooden milk crate insulated with newspapers, I couldnt help but try and reason out my mental conflict. 

Maybe Niccolos right, I thought. The world does seem to be more complicated than I imagined. Perhaps I will need to make certain compromises. As long as my core principles remain in tact, thats what is important. All animals are equal Even Lumpens? I have to admit that I am disappointed by what I saw in Lumpenproleteria. Did I witness the true nature of animal or is there something missing from this equation? I must not act rashly. I still have much to learn. Niccolo and by extension Socrates is teaching me that. 

Entering my sanctuary I stretched out my tired body and collapsed into the corner of the crate. The thoughts continued to flash through my mind at lightning speed. 

But what about this feeling of imminent dread that has been emerging in me? Can all my instincts really be that off? No. There seems to be something significant about these feelings I have been having. I must know for sure whether Im following the right path. Niccolo said, the end justifies the means but do I really need to wait until the end before I judge the means? No. I must know. Tomorrow Ill take Justice up on his offer. Ill sit in on an interrogation and then well see if all my instincts are off. Everything will be decided tomorrow. 

Having made this decision I closed my eyes and finally went to sleep. My sleep however was not restful. I tossed and turned all night long as strange dreams plagued my mind. One dream in particular left me in a state of anxious confusion. I was sitting in judgment over a number of different animals. They would line up before my judgment seat and I would render a favorable or unfavorable judgment. Some were condemned while others were shown mercy and pardoned. Theyre fate lay entirely in my paws. Certain details of the dream were vivid. I remember for example putting a great deal of mental effort into ensuring that each case was handled justly. Suddenly in my dream Hannibal was the next in line to be judged. He walked up before me and unlike the other defendants who humbly stared at the ground; he boldly glared at me with those terrible arctic blue eyes. His gaze filled me with absolute terror. I tried to maintain my composure as I could feel everyone noticing my discomfort. But just as I was about to open my mouth to render judgment, Hannibal pointed at me sternly. 

You are an imposter! he proclaimed in a loud voice. 

I drew back in alarm. Suddenly the ground was taken out from under my feet and I found myself falling into some sort of dark abyss. I fell for what seemed to be an eternity when finally and without warning my body struck something. The force of the impact woke me up. I found myself lying outside of the crate with my heart beating rapidly and my fur soaked with sweat. 

It was morning. The sun had just come up. Disoriented, I looked around. At first I didnt know where I was. Then I remembered my dream. 

What does all this mean? I thought. An imposter? 

All at once I remembered my resolution. I stood up and determinedly set off to find Truth and Justice. 

Upon entering the purge site I could see Justice standing along side the tent with his back facing me as a groundhog exited. 

Truth must be inside, I thought. 

Approaching the tent I called out to him. 

Justice! I need a word. 

He turned around angrily. 

Im not Justice, he declared. Thanks to you Justice is not here and I have a double work load. 

I looked at Truth in amazement. 

What do you mean thanks to me? Where is Justice? 

Truth glanced to his side and a large Rottweiler was staring at him with a serious face. Truth looked at me and wrinkled his brow. 

Ive said too much already. 

He pondered a moment then a look of irritation covered his face. 

What do you want Commander? he exclaimed. I have a lot of work to do!

Thats why Im here, I responded. Justice said I could sit in on an interrogation. 

Did he? asked Truth irritably. 

Yes. Thats not going to be a problem is it? 

I looked at the dog and he still had his eyes locked on Truth. Truth grinned. 

No. No problem at all. Follow me. 

We entered the tent and there was a small table with a chair at each end. There was a third chair set off to the side. That was no doubt where Justice would have been sitting. I sat down at the table and Truth sat across from me. He looked up at me. 

Commander. I am aware that you do not approve of our techniques and possibly do not even understand the purpose of purging but believe it or not there are enemy combatants among us. 

I smirked. Truth continued. 

The purpose of the purge is to flush out these enemy combatants and detain them. Niccolo told you the history of Animalism? Remember the part of the story about the masters who enslave the poor animals? Well these enemy combatants are working for these same masters and are working to bring about that enslavement as soon as possible.  

Certainly there are no animals working for those cruel masters among Fostorias inhabitants, I objected. 

On the contrary, Truth countered. We have found many enemy combatants among Fostorias inhabitants. Animals that share the same master mentality as our enemies. 

This was unbelievable. I had to see this with my own eyes. Truth continued. 

Youll see what I mean on the next interrogation. Now, first well need to put the animal at ease. Once he feels comfortable he will speak naturally and if there are traces of master mentality in his mind it will come to the surface. 

I didnt quite follow him. 

What exactly do you mean by master mentality? 

Truth rolled his eyes.  

Lets keep this as simple as possible, he said irritably. We believe in the equality of all animals. Right? Our enemies believe that some animals are superior to others. Those who believe in their own superiority are ingrained with a desire to have more than their comrades. If we identify the desire then weve identified the enemy. Is that fair? 

I thought about it for moment. 

If they believe that we are all equal then they wouldnt desire to have more than us. Why would they? As long as everyone has enough for himself why would he care about having more than his comrade? That makes sense, I thought. 

All right, I said. 

Truth motioned for the next animal to be sent in. A thin black and white cat walked in nervously and scanned the room. Truth smiled at him and motioned for him to have a seat. Truth arranged the seats so that he and I were sitting next to each other while the cat sat across the table from us. Truth shuffled some documents in front of him. 

You are Bruno? he asked, as he read one of the documents. 

Y-yes, the cat stuttered apprehensively. 

Truth tossed the papers on the table. 

How has your day been so far Bruno? asked Truth. 

The cat just stared at him uncertainly. Truth continued, 

Put your mind at ease, continued Truth. We just want to ask you a few questions. Theres nothing to worry about. You are not in any trouble. These interviews are standard procedure. 

Bruno sighed deeply and a look of relief registered on his face. Truth picked up the papers and appeared to be reading them. 

According to our records you have attended all of the elements of animalism classes and your test results are above average. 

Bruno smiled. 

Tell me, continued Truth placing the documents on the table. Do you like animalism? 

Oh very much so! The cat enthusiastically declared. 

Truth smiled. 

What in particular do you find appealing about the philosophy? 

Well, stammered Bruno. I like the part about equality. 

Truths eyes opened a little wider. 

What do you mean? he asked. 

I mean, continued Bruno. Its not like that right now. 

Truth wrinkled his brow and squinted his eyes a little. 

You mean others have more than you? 

Yes, responded Bruno. 

And you would like to have more than what you have? Truth continued. 

Yes, responded Bruno. 

Lets talk a little about this desire you have for more. Truth continued. 

Bruno meditated and wrinkled his brow. He then looked up at Truth. The inquisitors smile had disappeared. Bruno stammered. 

I wouldnt call it a desire. Its just sometimes I want 

Well thats what a desire is, interrupted Truth. Its a want, a craving for more. Do you disagree? 

Truth looked seriously at the cat. 

No I suppose your right. It is a desire. But its harmless, said Bruno smiling sympathetically. 

Truths eyes widened and a look of surprise registered on his face. 

So its your contention that a desire for more is harmless? 

Truth picked up one of the documents and began writing something down. Brunos eyes shot over to the documents and a look of worry registered on his face. Bruno looked over at me pleadingly. I didnt know what I could say. I was as surprised as he was at the sudden change in direction the interview was taking. Truth stood up and began pacing in front of the table. Looking down at the floor he spoke in a subdued voice to Bruno. 

Although this interview is a standard procedure, we do need to take its results very seriously because believe it or not there are enemies among us. 

A look of absolute terror spread across Brunos face. 

Sir, he stammered. I am a loyal comrade. I would never 

Truth raised his paw and motioned for silence. He then smiled. 

Bruno we know you didnt mean for this to happen but you need to understand that we are here to help you. 

Truth walked over to his side of the table and placed his paws on the cats shoulders. 

It starts with a desire but the desire grows into a world view. We are dealing with an epidemic here. When an animal gets sick do we blame the animal? No. Its not his fault. It is just an unfortunate situation that he finds himself in. However that doesnt make the sickness any less dangerous or the need for immediate action any less urgent. 

Brunos eyes began to water. I was astonished at this turn of events. 

Now we all want the same thing. Right? 

With lips trembling Bruno nodded. 

Good. Now before we can help you, you have to take the first step. 

Truth walked around to the side of Bruno. Bruno looked up at him. 

You must be honest with yourself Bruno. The desires that we identified earlier, you really do have them? 

Bruno nodded slowly. 

I need to hear it from you, said Truth. 

I have a desire for more than what I now have, Bruno blubbered.

The cat buried his face in his paws and began sobbing uncontrollably. 

So, continued Truth in a stern voice You have been infected. 

Truth walked back over to our side of the table and began pacing. All at once Truth turned towards Bruno and loudly slammed both paws on the table. 

Who have you been conspiring with? he shouted. If you cooperate with us, things will go easier for you! 

Bruno gave a start. 

I I have no co-conspirators. 

And this desire? Truth countered. Where did it come from? You must have been influenced by someone! 

Bruno grimaced and began to ponder in anxious perplexity. 

But I dont remember he stuttered. 

So, interrupted Truth. You refuse to cooperate. Guards! he shouted. 

At once two large dogs appeared. 

We have another enemy combatant. Place this prisoner with the others. Well see if a little change in his environment wont motivate him to talk. 

Bruno was ushered out of the tent in a state of absolute confusion. Truth glanced at me victoriously. 

Do you see what were up against? Many of these poor animals dont even realize they are infected until its too late. 

I wanted to make an objection but I couldnt quite find the words. 

Now are you satisfied? asked Truth. 

Doubtfully I nodded my head. 

Now if you will excuse me, I have a lot of work to do and I believe you have a conference to attend. 

As I walked towards Kliev to meet the other delegates and prepare for the conference, my mind was in a state of agitation. 

Bruno is not an enemy combatant, I thought. Is he? Something seemed to reveal itself during that interrogation that even Bruno did not know was there. I wanted to object that Truth was putting words into his mouth but if Im honest with myself that isnt true. Bruno spoke openly and even agreed with Truths line of reasoning. But what sin did Bruno really commit? He wanted to have more than what he currently had. Isnt that a natural desire? Dont I have this desire? The first time I spoke to Niccolo about equality and peace isnt this one of the desires that was excited within me? 

I walked listlessly towards the border to Kliev and barely noticed the change of border guard. Another cat had replaced the guard that brought Rizzo and I through Kliev when I had met Niccolo for the first time. I would have stopped to inquire what had become of him but my mind was distracted with other matters. 

Today was supposed to be definitive, I thought. My mental suffering should have been relieved, if not completely at least partially by witnessing the interrogation. Instead Im more uncertain now than ever about how to proceed. Should I change course or not? There is definitely something about the common animal that I lack understanding in. Before I suggest a change in course shouldnt I fully understand animal inside and out? What is animal? What are his nature, motivation, and desires? It would be irresponsible to act without an understanding of these important matters. I will make the answering of these questions my number one priority. 

I nodded my head determinedly. When I looked up I noticed that I had been walking while lost in thought for a considerable distance. Without even noticing it I had arrived at my destination and standing before me was a cluster of mixed breed cats observing me inquiringly.

You must be our spokescat. Christopher? Is it? said a dark grey colored cat with yellow eyes. 

Im Russ, he said holding out his paw. And these are the other delegates chosen to represent their respective territories in the union. 

A black and grey spotted cat with a striped tail cut his eyes over to a plump white cat and grinned. 

I wonder where they got this one from. He looks like hes in way over his head. 

Dont mind them, said Russ. Vlad is just sore because he wasnt chosen to represent the Union as spokescat. 

The spotted cat wrinkled his brow at first then smiled good-naturedly. 

Socrates just knows that the world is not quite ready for a speaker of my magnitude. 

Vlad turned his head and puffed out his chest presenting a majestic profile. At this point someone in the back shouted. 

If you represented us wed all wind up in one of Zarathustras work camps! 

Thunderous laughter erupted from the crowd. Even Vlad reluctantly chuckled. 

Let me introduce you to everyone, said Russ placing his paw on my back. Youve met Vlad. This white cat is Ike. This is George, Aaron, John, Zak, Murk, Kraig, Jake, Tony, Nathan, Surly, and Attila. 

As they were presented to me, the various delegates smiled and nodded or bowed. 

So, I asked. Do any of you guys know what this conference is all about? 

Vlad spoke first. 

Thats right, he said looking at some of the other delegates. This is his first conference. We need to fill him in on what to expect. 

Addressing me he gesticulated with his paw on his chest. 

The bleeding hearts have demanded this conference to address the atrocities being committed in Lumpenproleteria. 

Russ rolled his eyes and grinned. 

I was just about to declare my support in favor of the conference remembering all the atrocities I had witnessed. However before I could speak up, Nathan, a white cat with a brown and black tortoiseshell pattern on his back made the following declaration. 

Its easy to complain about atrocities, he made a quotation gesture with his two paws. Atrocities being committed in the real world from the comfort of an artificial environment. If these same animals had to live outside of their comfortable walls and had to get their paws dirty, maybe they wouldnt complain as much. 

This comment reminded me of the comfortable walls I used to enjoy alongside Vincent and Josie. I suddenly decided Id better keep my feelings about supporting the conference to myself. 

Can you believe there are animals out there who have never set paw in a natural environment? asked Russ. Most have been born in comfortable surroundings and have no idea how the real world works. 

For some reason I began blushing. Of course this was easily concealed from onlookers by a thin coat of fur. Russ continued, 

These same animals feel justified to voice their opinions on the humane treatment of Lumpens, continued Russ. When most have never even seen a Lumpen. 

I looked around the crowd. All eyes were on me. 

Well, I said. Maybe they feel that promoting equality should be a black and white issue. Its a principle. If this principle were followed strictly the atrocities would not take place. One doesnt have to work in Lumpenproleteria to understand that. 

All were silent. Everyones eyes were still on me and many mouths had dropped open after I made this comment. I cleared my throat. 

I mean, thats probably the way many of them view matters. 

Russ began laughing. 

I consider myself a pretty good judge of character and I can tell that you are no run of the mill dictator. I think were in for some surprises from you. Since we are on the subject of equality wed love to get your opinion on something. Just before you arrived we were debating the necessity of brutality in bringing forth an egalitarian society. Murk here, is of the opinion that it is possible to bring about equality without the use of force. 

Murk was a thin black cat with a bushy tail. 

Dont misrepresent me, he said. Im not saying that brutality isnt necessary. Of course it is. My contention is however that the current level of brutality administered is being determined not by necessity but by other factors? What these factors are exactly I couldnt say. 

Murk stroked his chin and whiskers. 

It almost seems, he continued, like the brutality is satisfying some base desire or lust. 

I realized from these disturbing comments that my peers all believed in using brutality as a tool. As Murks point of view seemed to me to be the lesser of two evils, I decided to side with him. Russ leaped up on a stone taking center stage. 

Murk has raised an important question that could affect the way we rule our territories, he declared. Is brutality absolutely necessary in order to maintain equality and if so, to what degree? 

Russ lifted his arm pointing at his audience. He then drew his finger across the audience. 

Are you all up to the investigation of this matter? he challenged. 

All nodded in agreement. Some faces were serious as if this were a dangerous journey we were about to embark on while other faces had sly grins on them. 

This is a serious matter we are about to discuss and it requires sharp eyes to identify the answer, Russ continued. Agreed? 

All nodded in agreement. 

I would like to propose a method that we can use to make it easier for us to identify the answer. 

Were listening, someone shouted. 

Russ continued. 

Im sure weve all had the following experience at some point. Youre chasing a mouse and he suddenly darts into a field of grass or shrubs or some other obstruction camouflaging your prey. 

The thought, Arent mice supposed to be our comrades now? flashed into my mind. Russ went on.

What makes it so difficult to find our prey is the fact that he is so small and hard to see. If he were larger it would be easier to identify him. Would it not? 

All agreed that he would be easier to see if he were larger. 

Certain qualities are sometimes spoken of as characteristics of states and sometimes as characteristics of individuals. I suggest that we consider the effects of brutality on a state rather than on an individual since a state is larger than an individual. In this larger model the answer to our question should be larger and easier for us to identify. Agreed? 

All nodded in agreement but Russ singled me out and repeated his question. 

Christopher, are you in agreement with this method of investigation? 

What is a state? I stammered. 

Many began murmuring and once again some mouths dropped open. Russ glanced at the crowd and motioned for all to be silent. 

Its ok, he said. We could all do with a reminder from time to time. A state is conceived out of the needs of animalkind. No one is completely self sufficient and we all have many wants. To supply these wants one takes a helper as a partner for one purpose and another partner for another purpose. When these partners and helpers are gathered together in one habitation the body of inhabitants is termed a state. Do you follow me so far? 

I nodded. Russ continued, 

They exchange with one another with the idea that the interchange will be for there good, Russ continued. Let us begin and create in idea a state, and yet the true creation is necessity who is the mother of our invention. 

Many began nodding and smiling as if they were particularly impressed with this statement. 

Very well, Nathan interjected. What are the necessities? In my mind there are three. They include food, clothing and shelter. So this means that to have the barest necessities our state must include at least three or four animals. 

I agree, said Russ. But how should they get started? Will they pool their resources? Should each individual animal divide his time three ways to provide for each of these three necessities or should each animal focus on just one activity and contribute to the whole? 

I had never considered this question before. Granted, I had also never founded a state before. After meditating on the question, I decided our citizens should only have one occupation. 

I believe each of the animals should be required to supply only one necessity, I answered. In this way they will have more time to focus on their assigned activity thus making them more skilled at it. 

Murk contributed to the discussion at this point. 

I agree with Christopher. In addition to what he said I would like to point out that nature has given certain animals adaptations that make them better suited for certain work. 

Russ, who had assumed the roll of chairman in this deliberation now commented. 

I also agree. All in favor say I. 

Simultaneously everyone raised their voices in response. 

I! 

Anyone opposed? asked Russ. 

My peers looked around at one another but no one spoke up. 

Then we have stumbled upon our first law in our newly created state. Our citizens are allowed only one occupation. This of course means that our state will have to grow. 

Startled by this conclusion, Attila, an enormous cat with black and white patches spoke up for the first time. 

How is that? Why must our state grow in size? 

Everyone looked at Russ. 

According to our new law, each worker cannot build his own tools, he responded. More manufacturers are needed to supply each worker. Out of necessity our state must begin to grow in size. 

I looked around. Everyone seemed to be in agreement with Russ conclusion. Vlad interjected. 

At this point we should prepare ourselves to begin using force on our citizens. 

All began nodding in agreement. My mouth dropped open and I wrinkled my brow. Murk noticed my reaction. 

Its true Christopher, Murk asserted. Once a state begins to grow, something strange begins to happen to its inhabitants. Their wants begin to increase and many are no longer satisfied with the simpler way of life. We must go beyond the necessities such as food, clothing and shelter. Now the state must swell with all types of occupations, which are not required by any natural want. This means we must enlarge our borders because the state that was able to support our original inhabitants will no longer be sufficient for these educated animals. We will allow our state to grow but we need to monitor its growth so that these wants do not become too much for us to be able to provide for. We must be ready to apply force if needed to maintain order. 

I wasnt sure I was in agreement with all of these conclusions and I didnt really like the direction the conversation was taking. Nevertheless as everyone was staring at me for a response and it appeared that we would not proceed until they got one, I apprehensively nodded my head in agreement. 

Shouldnt we prepare our citizens for the approaching war? declared Russ. 

I was taken aback. 

What war? I exclaimed. Why would anyone want to wage war with us? 

Russ responded calmly. 

War is inevitable. After we reach a certain size we will require a slice of our neighbors territory in order to satisfy us. Also if they are like us and exceed the limit of necessity they will be preparing for war against us because they will want a slice of our land. 

As I scanned the faces of my colleagues I didnt see one expression of concern over the fact that our state was literally born today and already it is heading for war. I decided within myself that I had already made enough concessions. Even though this was a hypothetical state I decided to stand my ground. I would do whatever I could to keep our citizens out of war. 

Whoa! I exclaimed. Lets all just calm down and back up a little. I think we must have overlooked something in the creation of our state. If we go back and find out where we went wrong Im sure well be able to proceed without having to go to war. 

With knitted brows my peers began grumbling among themselves and glaring suspiciously in my direction. 

I mean What I meant to say, I stuttered, is that it seems we are being hasty in going to war. If we were attacked it would be a different story. We would of course have to defend ourselves but to wage war simply because we desire to possess what doesnt belong to us seems wrong. 

All of a sudden Vlad stepped forward out of the group pointing his finger at me in an accusatory fashion. 

Hes a pacifist! I knew it! How is Christopher supposed to represent the Union if he doesnt even have the necessary nerves of steel to stand up to our enemies. 

A wave of defensive feelings all at once began surging from my core. The accusing manner that Vlad pointed at me immediately reminded me of last nights dream where Hannibal exposed me to the world as an imposter. 

Its not true! I retaliated. Im no pacifist! 

I didnt even know what a pacifist was but I felt it must be damaging to me. 

I agree with Murk, I said. Force should be used only as a last result. 

I looked over at Murk and he just shot me a glance that said, Dont bring me into this. Youre on your own. 

Ok pacifist, countered Vlad. What are you going to do when our citizens begin demanding to have their various hungers satisfied? You didnt want to use force against our citizens and now you dont want to use force against our neighbors. What will you do? 

I looked around the group for some support but even Russ who had been so accommodating up to this point was looking at me as if I had two heads. 

Well, I stammered. Lets go back a little. We originally said that at about the point when our state begins to grow something happens to its inhabitants. They eventually crave more than they can consume. Can we not intervene in some way before this happens and prevent them from craving more? 

Vlads eyes widened. 

Without using force? 

I nodded. The crowd murmured. Vlad began shaking his head. 

Impossible! 

With the bottom of my paws facing outward I gestured as if I were holding back a crowd from pressing in on me. 

Just hear me out, I said. Lets imagine that we were able to reason with our citizens and to convince them that it would be in their best interest to willingly suppress these cravings. Hear me out. If they could be made to understand that it would be more advantageous for them to stick with just the necessities then we wouldnt have to use force against them or against our neighbors. 

My comments had a strange effect on the group. No one murmured or whispered. All were silently meditating as if I had presented an idea that they had never considered before. 

What you are suggesting has never been attempted before according to my knowledge! Vlad finally exclaimed. In fact it sounds rather extreme and Whats the word Im looking for? Unnatural! 

I recoiled at his words. 

Thats right, he continued. Its against the natural order of things. Everything we do must be in line with nature. We found states naturally, we wage wars naturally, and we take power naturally, without effort. 

Up to this point I had been trying to suppress my strong emotions but this outpouring of contradictory ideas pushed me to my limit. 

But we use treachery! I burst out. 

Indifferently Vlad countered. 

Of course we do! he laughed. There is nothing more natural! 

At this point Russ interjected. 

Fellas, I think weve strayed a little from our task. 

Defensively Vlad answered back. 

It was Christophers fault. He took us off course with his radical ideas. The idea that we can reason with our citizens and work with them without the use of force is utopian. It will never work. 

Here Vlad used a word I had never heard before. Utopian. Something about the word resonated in my imagination for just an instant. Then it was gone. 

Now Vlad, countered Russ, Christopher made some interesting points. 

Vlads eyes bulged and he threw up his arms in protest. 

Interesting points? What does he know? Hes just a kid. His opinions are only a couple of years old. 

I gazed in astonishment at the black and gray spotted cat who appeared to be my same age or maybe even younger than me. Addressing the entire group but especially Vlad Russ made the following declaration. 

I just want to remind everyone here that Christopher was especially chosen by Socrates to represent us. Is there anyone here that would like to challenge that decision? 

His question was answered by a prolonged silence with eyes staring down at the ground. 

I didnt think so, he continued. Looking at me he said, Now Christopher you did present some new ideas to us. Before we can answer our original question about the necessity of using brutality as a tool I think we need to examine these new ideas thoroughly. All in agreement say I. 

All agreed. Even Vlad reluctantly assented. Russ continued. 

Christopher suggested that we may have overlooked something in the creation of our state. Before we put his new theories to the test I think we should have a closer look at our state and make sure it is not dysfunctional. First of all lets identify the various classes that make up our state.  

I thought we were building an egalitarian society, I objected. How can we have classes? 

Ike, the white cat that Vlad was whispering to when we first met our nation builders interjected. 

Ill field this question Russ. Turning towards me he said, Christopher, all of our citizens have equal value. So in this sense we are creating a classless society. However youll remember we agreed that nature has made different animals suited for different occupations. It was in this sense that Russ proposed dividing our state into categories. 

Ike glanced over to Russ for reassurance. 

Thats correct, responded Russ. And the necessity for classes that each perform a separate task is self-evident. For up to this point we have been performing the function of the first class we will identify. And thats the rulers. We are felines so just for the purposes of this illustration well assign felines to make up the first class. This of course is not a rule. 

Russ sternly looked around the group. All shook their heads as if to say No. Of course not. 

The second class we will identify is our guardians. Looking at me Russ continued, Now I know you have concerns about waging unnecessary wars but even you admitted that we should be prepared in the event of an attack. So you will permit us to train guardians? 

Reluctantly I nodded. 

Well, continued Russ. In accord with our law permitting only one occupation for each citizen, we will need animals devoted to this calling and nothing else. This group must constitute a class of their own. For, they must be large enough to defend all of our citizens. They also must be large enough to face an opposing nation that doesnt have the same restrictions regarding the unlimited accumulation of wealth that we are placing on our state. 

I noticed a stir of uneasiness among the crowd. Some of the delegates buried their faces in their paws and shook their heads as if they were preparing for a disaster. I didnt want Russ to dwell on the point that we are now placing restrictions on our state so I hastened to change the subject. 

What type of qualities are we looking for in guardians? I asked. 

The strategy seemed to work because now instead of fretting over some coming calamity, all appeared to be lost in thought considering my question. 

Well want our defenders to be brave and courageous, Attila put in. They should also be powerful and have an aggressive appearance that will strike fear into our enemies. 

Attila balled his paw into a fist and waved it in the air. 

We shouldnt make them too powerful or terrible, interjected Vlad. They may decide to oppose the ruling class if they already possess sufficient power? 

This is true, added Ike. We need to strike a balance between giving them enough power to defend us but not enough power to overthrow us. 

All of this talk about defending oneself against ones own citizens sounded very strange to me. But seeing as how I had less experience than everyone else in governing and that they had already made great concessions for me, I decided not to say anything. 

It will be a challenge to maintain this balance if it can be done at all, said Russ. What we need are guardians that are dangerous only to strangers and loyal only to those they are acquainted with. 

Aggressiveness and loyalty are two opposing characteristics, I asserted. Where can they be found in one being? 

Well bred dogs have these qualities, Russ responded. They can be educated to be angry whenever they see a stranger and welcoming whenever they see someone they are familiar with. We currently have felines occupying the ruling class I suggest we use canines to fill the class of guardians. 

Everyone began nodding in agreement. 

I like this idea, remarked Vlad. They are easily domesticated and can be trusted more than the savage beasts. 

Then its settled, Russ declared. All in favor of using dogs to occupy the second class of citizen in our newly created state say I. 

All assented and our state was almost complete. It was at this point that Murk made the following inquiry. 

What shall we do with the wild animals? Vlad asserted, 

I say they should all be organized into a class by themselves, Vlad asserted, seeing that they all share common crude characteristics. 

I agree, declared Russ. If we are all in favor of this motion I believe we have found the third and final division of our state. 

Again it seemed to me that we were being hasty in grouping all of animalkind into only three categories but I didnt want to be the only one holding up progress so again I compromised. 

Russ said to me, If youre in agreement with our census Christopher and you no longer feel as if we overlooked something I think we can put your theory to the test. 

Ok, I said. Shall we begin to reason with our subjects now? 

I noticed Vlad had become restless all of the sudden. He anxiously began pacing. Russ glanced over at Vlad. 

Certainly! he declared. But before we begin reasoning with them I think we should first address one of Vlads concerns. 

Vlad stopped pacing. Russ continued. 

If you remember, he felt that it was impossible to peaceably convince our citizens to suppress their desires. 

Hes mistaken, I replied. 

Vlad glared at me angrily. 

He may be mistaken, countered Russ. But until we examine the matter thoroughly, we wont know for sure. 

Now Russ addressed the entire group. 

If you all remember, we agreed to consider qualities as they develop in states reasoning that in the larger example it would be easier to identify the answer to our question. With this aim we constructed as good a state as we could. Now that we need to focus in on and analyze certain minute details, I propose we use a smaller example. And thats the individual. Now, the sound individual should be exactly like the sound state. 

In what ways are they alike? queried Murk. 

If you recall, acknowledged Russ, we said that in a healthy state it was necessary for each class to perform a separate task. In fact we even established a law to this affect. So we have to assume that the individual mind is divided into the same three categories that are present in the state and is affected in the same manner. 

That does make sense, responded Murk. Because the only way these qualities could come to exist in the state is to have passed from the individual into the state. 

Leaping off his stone Russ affectionately grabs Aaron, a red and brown longhaired cat by the whiskers with both of his paws. 

Now let us borrow at random one of the citizens from our state and have an examination of the inner workings of his mind. In this way we should be able to test Christophers theory without having to risk a full out revolution. 

This remark was accompanied by chuckles from many in the group. The crowd surrounded Russ and Aaron. Russ was still gripping Aaron by the whiskers and fur protruding from his cheeks. 

Aaron in the name of science would you object to helping us out with a demonstration? 

If you recall, this is the second time Im hearing this word and I said to myself, So this is what science is. Aaron replied hesitatingly. 

Well, if its in the name of science, sure. Why not? 

Vlad and Ike glanced at one another and grinned. Without warning Russ suddenly reached back and struck Aaron forcefully in his face. Surprised everyone fell back a step and gazed at Aaron. His eyes reddened and his nose moistened. Gradually his flabbergasted face began changing and he began boiling over with rage. 

Whats the big idea? Aaron shouted as four cats rushed to hold him down. 

He struggled violently to get his paws on his attacker while Russ just calmly spoke at a safe distance. 

Our state was divided into three classes. These included the rulers, the guardians, and the common animal with the latter class distinguished by a carnal quality. Similarly the individual mind of the citizen making up our state is divided into three categories. These include reason, conviction, and finally licentiousness which corresponds to the savage class in our state. 

Get off of me! Aaron roared. Let me at him! Ill rip him to pieces! 

Russ calmly went on.

The quality of reason which is wise should rule and have as its aim the care of the whole individual. It should be supported in this endeavor by the second quality, which is conviction. When properly educated to understand their function they will support one another in restraining the licentious quality, which is the largest and most insatiable part of the individual. 

Aaron vigorously wriggled his body in his attempts to free himself. Russ continued. 

When an individual thinks he is the sufferer of a wrong he boils over in rage and his fury refuses to be quenched until he either slays or is slain. 

At this point Aaron was practically foaming at the mouth. With his paws formed into a megaphone Russ shouted. 

Aaron! 

Aaron started as if he were being awakened from a nightmare. Russ shrugged with the bottom of his paws facing outward and innocently pleaded. 

There was a mosquito on your face. He was about to bite you so I had to act quickly. I meant you no harm comrade. 

Aaron began to calm and his restrainers released him. He immediately began rubbing his face where he was struck and brooding over Russ words with a frown. Finally he responded in a subdued voice. 

Its all right. Thank you comrade. 

You see? said Russ to Vlad. 

Russ made a gesture with his hand indicating the experiment was a success. 

Once reason, which should be the ruler of each individual orders a peace treaty the other once hostile qualities yield to peace. So it appears Christophers theory is sound. 

Vlad scratched his head and for the moment remained silent but you could tell he was suspicious of our findings. I began to smile victoriously when suddenly Vlads face lit up. 

The illustration is flawed! he exclaimed. If it proves anything its that my original idea was correct. Vlad points at Aaron. 

As a representative of the Union of Animals Aaron has already proven himself an effective ruler, which means as an individual he would represent a sound nation. When Russ was reasoning with Aaron he was not reasoning with the licentious ravenous part of him. Rather it was with the ruler, which is reason. This ruler then with the aid of conviction brutally subjugates the carnal emotions using force. Christophers point would only be proved if he were successful in reasoning with an animal who thinks he has been wronged and whose mind is ruled by the licentious quality. 

Ike was methodically stroking the white fur on his chin. 

Vlad has a point, he interjected. A more fitting subject would be someone who has allowed their carnal desires to enslave and rule those, which are not her natural born subjects. Where could we find a subject like this for our experiment? 

I dont know, declared Vlad, but until we do, the issue is not settled and we will continue to use force on our subjects. 

I was dissatisfied with the conclusion we had arrived at so I decided to make a final appeal. I addressed the entire group. 

Comrades, if we genuinely believe that all of our citizens are equal then we have to believe that there is something within each one of them that will overcome adversity and side with reason. 

As I read the faces of my colleagues I could tell that I was not convincing them. Russ placed his paw on my back. 

Christopher Im sorry but I have to agree with Vlad. Until we find a suitable subject your theory will have to remain unproved. 

At this point our group deliberation was interrupted by someone loudly clearing their throat. The group turned in astonishment to behold a newcomer standing in our midst. 

Am I interrupting something, said a shapely golden colored she-cat in a dainty voice. 

Russ faltered. 

Oh, Molly. We were just 

I know interrupted Molly, what you were doing. You were monkeying around like usual. 

Russ suddenly appeared to be embarrassed. Molly continued. 

I hope you are planning on taking the conference seriously this year. Socrates certainly takes it seriously. Sidestepping the question Russ stammered. 

This is Commander Christopher the new ruler of Fostoria, Russ stammered sidestepping the question. 

He gently pushed me forward and I was standing face to face with Molly. She had large copper colored eyes with long lashes and a small pink nose. 

Christopher this is Miss Molly. 

Comrade Molly, she corrected. 

She put out her paw and I gripped it and inadvertently began to lower my head as if to kiss her paw. Instinctively Molly furled her brow compelling me to check myself. I released her paw and she gazed at me inquiringly. 

I have heard about you, she said. They say you are a dedicated animalist with an open mind. Is this true? 

For some reason, I couldnt bring myself to reply. I just smiled nervously and gazed into her large copper eyes. She confusedly glanced at some of my colleagues but they just shrugged as if they had no idea what was the matter with me. An awkward pause that seemed to last an eternity followed. 

Well for the sake of the Union I hope it is true, she said finally. 

She then gracefully advanced toward the stone that Russ had been using as a pulpit. Russ extended his paw to assist her in mounting the stone. She declined his offer and impatiently stood in front of the stone as if she were waiting for something. Russ withdrew his arm and leaped off the stone. Molly bounded onto the stone and addressed Russ. 

Thanks comrade. She then looked out on the group of fifteen delegates and announced, Most of you know why you have been gathered here today. Tomorrow a conference of the United Territories is being held in Cuyamonga to discuss the treatment of the native inhabitants of Lumpenproleteria as well as the alleged use of a secret weapon, which violates peace treaties. I have been sent by Socrates to brief you on the Unions official stance with regard to these matters. 

Molly paused briefly then cut her eyes in my direction. 

Christopher you are going to want to pay especially close attention to this briefing because you will be articulating our position to the world. Understood? 

I nodded enthusiastically. 

The Unions official position is that there are no atrocities being committed according to our knowledge, continued Molly. You are to assure them that if atrocities are being committed it is by the Cuyamongans. We take these allegations very seriously and will send our own representatives to look into the alleged atrocities. 

This is good news, I thought. Maybe my complaining to Niccolo paid off. 

I felt a sudden need to express my support and appreciation for the stance the Union was taking. 

Good on us! I declared. I knew Socrates would come through. But just in case Im asked for an update on our investigation how will I be able to contact these representatives? 

I couldnt help myself from making this sudden outburst. I had recently begun to harbor doubts about my chosen path. Hearing that the brotherhood of nations was taking a stand on the side of the down trodden caused me to be overjoyed. That being said, my outburst had an unexpected effect on all in attendance. Molly was at a loss for words. She just stared at me in bewilderment. Vlad who had become very animated could be seen emphatically gesturing and whispering something to Russ. I couldnt hear what he was saying but I could tell from the gestures that he was upset about something. As I glanced around at my colleagues, clusters of eyes were looking daggers at me. Molly regaining her composure sternly reprimanded me for my outburst. I dont really remember what she said because I was enveloped in a heightened mood. There was also another reason that her words, which were meant to discipline me, had no adverse effect. When Molly spoke to me, I felt my pulse quicken and waves of lightheadedness spread through me. The strange thing about it is that even though the sensation was uncomfortable I would not have avoided it for the world. Amidst a growing unrest, Russ once again saved me. He stepped forward and motioned for Mollys attention. 

Comrade. Dont worry about Christopher. He will not be alone in Cuyamonga. We will make sure that by tomorrow he will be ready. 

Molly looked doubtful but she continued with the debriefing. 

With regard to the alleged use of a secret weapon, the Unions official stance is that such a weapon does not exist. The rumors are nothing more than speciest propaganda. 

At this point I remembered the wooden box being carried by Hannibals troops and the mysterious flashes of light. I began to feel uneasy. The speciests are obviously using some type of mysterious weapon, I thought. Why would the Union of Animals fail to acknowledge this? What is Socrates strategy? I felt I should speak up about what I had witnessed but I was on thin ice with this group as it was. For now I decided to keep it to myself. 

Are there any questions? Molly concluded. If not you may retire for the evening. The conference starts tomorrow so I suggest you all get plenty of rest. We have a big day ahead of us. 

As Molly leaped off the platform and exited our locale, my eyes inadvertently followed her out. Something about the way she spoke and the way she carried herself fascinated me for some reason. I thought, What is so different about this animal? Why do I lose my train of thought when she is around? It is true that up to this point the only experience I have had with females was with my sister Josie. But could it really be that much of a challenge for me to interact with the opposite sex? Only time will tell I guess. Suddenly I gave a start. While I was lost in thought someone had been addressing me. I looked up to see Russ and Murk standing in front of me. 

I said shes something else isnt she? repeated Russ. 

Who? I stammered embarrassed. Molly? She How do you mean? 

Russ and Murk glanced at one another and began to laugh. 

We can hook you up if you want? said Murk. 

I was mortified. 

No! I mean I never I didnt say I liked her. Besides shes not interested in me. 

Again my new friends grinned at one another. 

Dont worry about that, said Russ. Well take care of everything. 

This unexpected conversation left me in a state of confusion. All at once the mental dilemmas that had been plaguing me for the past couple of weeks were forgotten. My friends were still missing and my faith was still shaken but for a moment the stinging sensation that my conscience had been torturing me with was numbed. I started stuttering. 

But why I mean If you think shes so special why dont you hook yourself up with her? 

Murk closed his eyes and lifted his nose in the air snobbishly. 

Im already involved. 

Mollys not my type, added Russ. Shes a little too devoted to Animalism for my taste. Dont get me wrong. Im as strict an Animalist dictator as the next guy, but I have other interests. Its not my entire life. Molly needs to be with someone who feels as passionately about equality as she does. Thats why I think you guys would be perfect together. Dont worry leave everything to us. 

All of this was so unexpected but the distraction was a welcomed change. 

Well, I know shes not interested but you can do what you want, I said. It makes no difference to me. 

I was lying. 

Anyways Im exhausted so Im headed to bed. Ill see you guys in the morning. 

Oh no youre not! Murk abruptly exclaimed.

I was taken aback. 

And why not? 

Dont you remember what we promised to Comrade Molly? responded Russ. We said wed make sure you were ready for tomorrow. That wasnt just lip service. You can fool around when dealing with us but when it comes to handling speciests you must be prepared for anything. Thats why were going to quiz you on all the possible scenarios you may be confronted with tomorrow. After were satisfied that you can handle yourself then you can go to sleep. 

For the next six hours Murk and Russ drilled me on Animalist doctrine versus Speciest doctrine. They gave me a more in depth history of the origins of both philosophies. For example they told me about a scientist who overturned a primitive world with his bold theories on the origins of species. His name was Darwin. According to Russ, this scientist initially worked for Socrates and was influential in the working out of early animalist doctrine. However there came to be a rift in the working relationship of Socrates and Darwin. Little is known about what actually happened but we do know that the break was irreconcilable. Despite the loss of this key architect, animalist doctrine continued to gather momentum. Meanwhile Darwin fled to Cuyamonga and began working with another group of cats whose ideas went contrary to that of animalism. This groups leader was a cat named Zarathustra and Darwin still works for him down to this day. What I found remarkable about this history is how Darwin was able to completely switch sides to a diametrically opposed philosophy and yet his theories remained unchanged. Outwardly I was repulsed by speciest ideas but privately I began to foster a secret eagerness to understand their way of thinking. This was especially true after I had discovered both philosophies shared common origins. After I had satisfied my colleagues confidence in my readiness they finally allowed me to go to sleep.

The next day Vlad awaked me early. 

Christopher, he said. I would like permission to accompany you to the conference. We didnt seem to get on very well yesterday but I want you to know that I harbor no resentment towards you. In fact I would like for us to be friends. 

I needed as many friends as I could get so of course I accepted Vlads olive branch. 

Are we not all heading out together? I asked. 

The various delegates move at different paces, he replied. The important thing is that we all arrive on time. For safetys sake its recommended that we travel in groups of two or more. Itll take some time to pass through Lupenproleteria so we should probably get moving. 

I agreed and after some brief preparation we were on our way. While we advanced toward our destination I had an opportunity to get to know Vlad a little better. His personality was a little rough around the edges but he turned out to be a really good guy. I decided to get his opinion on speciest thought. It was too dangerous to directly ask him so I started off by getting his opinion of Darwin. Since Darwin used to work for Socrates I figured this could be a relatively safe topic for conversation. 

Vlad, what are your thoughts on Darwins theories? I asked as we crossed the Lumpenproleterian border. 

Someones been researching their modern animal history, he replied with a suspicious smirk. 

What exactly do you want to know? 

Well, I know you have strong opinions about nature. Are you confident that Darwin has a correct understanding of animal nature? 

Vlads mood slightly darkened as if he were bothered by the question. After a pause he gave a deep sigh. 

I dont know, he said. I sure hope so. If hes wrong then animalkind is in a lot of trouble. 

I thought, So Im not the only one who is bothered by this. Vlad continued.

Ive repeatedly gone over his theories in my mind and to be honest with you it doesnt make complete sense to me. When Darwin used to speak at animalist rallies I tried to pay close attention to his line of reasoning but I often got lost in his complex prose. 

All at once my eyes began to burn. The overpowering smell of petroleum in the air alerted me of our proximity to the tar pits. I shook my head and tried to refocus on our conversation. 

Has anyone ever challenged his position? 

No one, replied Vlad matter of factly. 

I wonder why that is? 

After a brief pause, Vlad replied. 

Well, I have a theory. 

He peered at me intently. 

Its not a theory on the origin of species but rather on why no one dares to challenge the old cat. You see. His ideas ushered in a whole new way of thinking. He is thought by many to be the father of the modern age. Before Darwin, animalkind was in mental darkness. We were lost. Even those who question Darwins theories agree that they do not want to go back to the old days. 

Vlad stopped and shrugged. 

What are we going to do? Darwin is the only scientist we have. 

The conversation inflamed my urge to hear the opposition. Niccolo warned me to never listen to the speciests. But how could I fully understand my own position until I had a thorough understanding of every side of the issue? I noticed that we were now crossing the large plaza where the slave trade was held. I was reminded of the plight of the common animal. My conscience began to prick me. If I listened to the speciests would I be turning my back on the common animal? I reassured myself that everything I did was in behalf of the common animal. I was fighting for him. Interrupting my thoughts Vlad suddenly addressed me. 

Its my turn to ask you a question. Are you in love with Molly? 

Much like yesterday, the suddenness of the question left me flabbergasted. Was I so obviously affected by her? Had everyone noticed? 

No, I Who told you that? I stammered. 

Vlad grinned. 

No one had to tell me anything. I have eyes. You could barely string two thoughts together while she was speaking to you. 

I thought, I guess that answers my question. Everyone had noticed. 

Well, I think you made a good choice, continued Vlad. Molly is a first rate comrade. I wish you the best. 

Vlads words had a pleasing effect on me. This was the third impression in only two days that Molly and I as a couple were not absurd. I remembered Russ assurance that he would hook me up and gradually I began to harbor the idea that Molly was to be mine. Inadvertently I began daydreaming about our life together in the future when all animals were to be equal and at peace. I pictured family reunions where I would introduce my mate and our cluster of children to Vincent, Josie and my mother. Despite deep feelings of betrayal that I was harboring, I still felt that eventually I should present my future family to Jeffery and Josephine Chambers. They played such a key role in my development. Thoughts of a future reconciliation with the Chambers often intruded upon my mind but I suppressed them. Before reconciliation could take place, they had a lot of serious questions to answer, I brooded. I wasnt even remotely ready to begin formulating these questions let alone ask them. For the time being I pushed back any thoughts of reconciliation. 

As we walked passed the breeding houses I noticed a minor scene beginning to unfold. Some Cuyamongan dogs had been conversing with a Lumpen dog and apparently they were secretly making fun of him. He must have somehow become aware of the insincerity of the Cuyamongans because he all at once began barking in anger. 

Youre not better than me! You filthy mutts! If Cuyamonga is so great, what are you doing here? Ill teach you to make fun 

The Lumpens sentences became incoherent and he began to bark a chain of obscenities at the Cuyamongans. What stood out to me about the confrontation was not the overreaction by the Lumpen but rather the response of the Cuyamongans. Although the Lumpen was exerting himself vigorously to insult the Cuyamongans, they did not seem to be insulted. In fact it seemed as if the angrier the Lumpen grew, the more pleased the Cuyamongans seemed to become. At last the Lumpen looked as if he were about to begin foaming at the mouth. Content with this outcome the Cuyamongans tossed some money on the ground by the paws of the Lumpen and they trotted away laughing amongst themselves. After he calmed, the Lumpen picked up the money and looked at me in humiliation. I quickly looked away to avoid making eye contact. When I casually glanced back he was gone. This scene produced in me a mix of feelings that I didnt quite understand at the time. I felt sorry for the Lumpen and I longed to intervene but at the same time I felt a slight desire for the humiliation to continue. It was the strangest mix of feelings I had ever experienced and it frightened me. Vlad noticed my preoccupation. 

See how those Cuyamongans treat the common animal? he remarked. They feel they paid him for his humiliation. They dont realize that the masses will require a much larger price. 

I once again began to pity the common animal. I hoped I would be effective in my efforts at the conference. I hoped I was worthy to represent this noble creature. As we were about to leave Lumpenproleteria I began to feel a strong urge to give a donation to someone less fortunate than myself. We were nearing the border so I had to act fast. I spotted an old Lumpen St. Bernard dog sitting off to the side of the road staring off into space. His eyes were glazed over and his mouth was slightly open which gave him a very stupid appearance. A stream of drool was steadily streaming out of the left corner of his mouth. I ignored my first inclination that this creature was anything but noble and I approached him. We all received funds to aid us on the journey so I had a little money to give. I extended my arm. 

Here comrade. This is for you. 

The Lumpen gave a start. His eyes were first drawn to mine and then toward my outstretched paw. Gradually his bushy brow began to wrinkle. He slowly turned his back on me. I was astounded. I put away my money in as dignified a manner as possible and walked away. As I ran to catch up with Vlad I thought, Stupid Lumpen. What is the matter with him? I felt strange. For some reason my worries about not being worthy to represent the Lumpen had vanished. 

We were now on Cuyamongan soil. Much had transpired since the last time I was in this territory. Nevertheless a tremor of fear swept through my body as I was reminded of the past. Vlad must have noticed my condition. 

You dont have to be nervous about being on enemy soil, he suddenly remarked. As an ambassador you are safer here than anywhere else. If our enemies were going to try something they would never do it while we are on their turf. 

I thought about what Vlad was saying and felt better. I also noticed his relaxed demeanor and this put me at ease. This being my first conference, I had no idea where the meeting place was. I just followed Vlads lead. At first the route we were taking bustled with other animals traveling to and fro. However as we took various turns the passersby seemed to gradually dwindle. Eventually we found ourselves walking in an area that seemed to be deserted. The question, Are we lost? entered my mind but the confident manner that Vlad pushed forward quieted my doubts. Suddenly my companion stopped at a fork in the road. His brow bristled. He looked to the left, then to the right. He turned and looked behind at the path we had taken. He shrugged and turned onto the right side of the fork. All of a sudden the nervous feelings I had when we first entered Cuyamonga began to reemerge. I now thought of how strange it was that there was no escort to greet us at the border. 

This seems like a very solitary place to hold a conference, I said. Are you sure we took the correct route? 

I was thinking the exact same thing, he responded. But this is the route I always take to reach the conference when it is held in this territory. Is it possible that they changed the location? 

We walked on until the path became narrow and covered with brush. Finally we were prevented from advancing as a result of a large barbed wire fence obstructing our path. We peered through the fence and could see movement from a great distance. All at once I gave a start as a skeleton like creature walked into view near the fence. It had the slow gait of a cat but there was no fur. This creature was literally just skin and bones. Startled we jumped back and decided we had obviously taken the wrong path. We practically ran back to the fork in the road. Upon arriving, there was a number of Cuyamongan guards waiting for us with angry faces. They seized us and began shouting angrily at Vlad. 

You are not authorized to be in this part of the territory! What were you doing before we spotted you running down that abandoned path? 

Vlad just stared at them with a confused look on his face. I didnt understand why he didnt respond. The guards were losing patience fast and I didnt want them to resort to violence. 

We are delegates from the Union, I interjected. We were headed for the conference when we lost our way. 

My response seemed to surprise the guards. They immediately released us.
 
You speak Cuyamongan very well, the lead guard said to me. 

I didnt even realize I was speaking Cuyamongan. Upon learning that we were delegates, one of the guards ran off to relay the message. After being detained for about an hour, the guard returned accompanied by a wheat colored striped tabby. The tabby who I assumed would be our escort, entered with a large smile that appeared to be glued on. 

Welcome to Cuyamonga! he announced in a professional tone. I apologize for having you detained. I hope you werent put out too much. I heard you undertook a self-guided tour. For your own safety I would advise against that in the future. 

Our escort said all of this with a smile, which made it difficult to tell if we were being threatened. 

This is the route I took the last time I attended a conference here, exclaimed Vlad. 

Much has changed since the last time a conference was held in Cuyamonga. the escort responded. Where did you enter by the way? I was awaiting your arrival at the entrance point newly opened for this conference. I was worried I had somehow missed you. Imagine my surprise on hearing that two foreigners were spotted trespassing on state property. 

Vlad scowled disapprovingly. The walk over to the conference was an awkward one. Vlad didnt open his mouth the entire time so I followed his lead and remained silent.

Chapter 7 - Extreme positions are not succeeded by moderate ones but by contrary extreme positions - Friedrich Nietzsche

Upon arriving at the site where the conference was to be held I was astounded by what I saw. First of all, the immense size of the structure we were about to enter greatly impressed me. Up to this point the largest animal made structure that Id seen was the coliseum in Lumpenproleteria. But this edifice was at least three times as large. The other detail that took my breath away was the large number of animals entering and leaving the building. Despite the large numbers and the great diversity among the crowd there appeared to be order. I would never have imagined it possible to gather this many animals together without a stampede breaking out but here it was. 

Come this way, said our escort as he entered the building motioning for us to follow. Ill take you to the section that has been reserved for the Union of Animals. Were arriving late so you wont have much time to rest from your journey. The conference begins in just under fifteen minutes. 

We were given agendas and directed into a large hall where most of our comrades had already been gathered. After greeting everyone, asking about their journey and relating our unexpected detour the time had come for the opening of the conference. According to the agenda Darwin was scheduled to give a speech that day. I was surprised to find out that not everyone was expected to attend the first day. 

I think Ill skip out on todays activities, Vlad said. Its not mandatory that I attend and Im too tired to listen to Darwin today. Ive already heard enough of his claptrap when he used to work for Socrates. You should go though Christopher. As our representative you will be expected to attend the entire conference. 

Although Vlad and others decided to skip the opening day of the conference, Russ, Murk, Attila and Nathan accompanied me to the main auditorium. As we walked through the busy hallways we garnered much attention. Animals halted in their conversations to watch us pass by. The attention was exhilarating. As members of the Union we were considered to be non-conformist. We were the bad boys and everyone knew it. When we entered the main hall I was given a better impression of the size of the place. Rows of seats surrounded a platform located on the main floor. Our section was near the platform because the Union was expected to give a statement of our positions at some point during the conference. I looked around to see how far up the rows extended. The expanse seemed limitless. I wondered how many territories would be represented. Their appeared to be room enough for every animal in the world to attend. 

As the conference started I was anxious to hear from Darwin. I had been imagining what he must be like and I wanted to see if my assumptions were correct. According to the agenda, he was to give the final speech before lunch. I waited patiently through opening comments by one of the organizers of the conference. This was followed by an hour-long speech on the need for better communication between territories given by an enthusiastic black cat with green eyes. This speech was followed by a rather boring two-hour speech that I struggled to stay awake for. I dont remember the theme but it had something to do with the responsible disposal of waste products and environmental footprints. Finally the chairman introduced Darwin to the stage and I straightened my back giving him my full attention. 

His appearance was much different than I had imagined. He was extremely old with long grey and white fur. He was overweight for his age with overlapping rolls of fat drooping off his frame. With difficulty the old cat slowly maneuvered his way to the platform. Putting all his weight on his haunches he lifted his body up to be visible to his audience. After gazing over the audience, Darwin opened his mouth and began to speak. 

As we look around the auditorium, what do we see? We see various organisms with differing characteristics. Some have long drooping fur. Others have short fur. Some have green eyes. Others blue. There are in fact a wide variety of characteristics in all of us cats. We take these differences for granted because we are so used to it but they do exist. It is also hard not to notice that there exists an even greater variation in colors, structures, organs, and physical traits that differentiate a multitude of species from one another. 

Immediately I noticed this elderly cat had a very scholarly way of speaking. Each word he spoke seemed to have been carefully selected for preciseness. He continued. 

During the process of domestication the more intelligent animals have performed an artificial selection with these varieties, choosing the ones that they saw best fit for their purposes, and making sure that they multiplied. 

He paused and looked around the auditorium to make sure everyone was following him. He went on. 

For example we use gophers to dig our holes and ditches, being that their paws are more suited for this purpose. We use badgers to build our dams and fortifications. We use pigeons as messengers and so on and so forth. As a result of this artificial selection process, the animals that are the most useful to us are the animals that thrive. 

He smiled, almost to himself and reflected. 

It is sometimes overwhelming to think of how far the domesticated animals have come in such a short period of time. 

Darwin reverted back to a countenance of earnestness. 

Now lets consider the world outside the borders of domestication. There are many species in nature, and many breeds of them as well. It is hard however to make a clear delimitation between what you could call a "species" and what you could call a "breed". Why do I say this? he asked searchingly. Well what is a breed? It is nothing more than an incipient species. In other words it is a subspecies that is in the process of becoming permanent, and thus changing to a true species. 

He made an inquisitive gesture with his paw. 

What is a species? 

It is nothing more than a well-settled breed, he replied answering his own question. Hence, there is actually no clear delimitation between the two, but they only represent a process that is going on continually right before our very eyes. If species were once simple breeds, it means they descended from other classes, which in turn descended from others. This brings us to an important question. 

He paused for emphasis. 

Which breeds succeed in becoming well-established species, and which do not? Well weve already answered this question when it comes to artificial selection. The breeds that are more useful to society are the breeds that will survive. This is as a result of an outside influence i.e. the intelligent animal manipulating nature for his own means. If the intelligent animal were able to successfully select the best variations of his domestic animals, why would nature not be able to do the same? This brings us to a new concept. It is the concept of natural selection. What is natural selection you ask? 
I would like to direct your attention once again to the wild life in the areas outside of domestication. You no doubt will observe that generally the species that is the most dominant has the most numerous number of sub-species and breeds. It is likely that the most dominant class had a few features that distinguished it from other classes and gave it an advantage over them. Heredity is the mechanism that perpetuates variations, as traits are passed from parents to offspring. Hence, by reproducing the most, it is more likely to transmit these traits to its descendants, and thus preserve itself. 

Darwin paused suspiciously darting his eyes to the left then to the right. 

The question is why would it need to preserve itself? The answer, he said, raising his voice. In order to survive the struggle for life! 

This struggle was a new concept to me but after reflecting on my past I heard the ring of truth. He continued. 

Organisms in nature reproduce themselves at extremely high rates. If nothing would stop this process, than in the end they would suffocate all earth's reserves. Hence, I conclude 

Darwin proudly placed his paw on his chest. 

I conclude that there is always, at some time in the development of a species, a period of extermination, that checks its numbers. Also, since the resources upon which a being can feed are limited within one area, and the most related classes live generally in close proximity, there is a keen competition between parent species and their offspring. This competition creates what I call the struggle for existence, in which species must fight to survive to avoid extinction. Any small advantage that an organism might havethe ability to run away quickly from predators, coloring that allows it to hide from predators, physical adaptations that allow it to gather food more easilywill give it an edge over other organisms, bettering its odds of winning the struggle over others and surviving. In short, nature is not the idealistic harmonious environment as portrayed by some. Rather it is a brutal battlefield where life survives by destroying life. Out of this incredible struggle all cannot survive. This means some will be eliminated and some will be preserved. Natural selection is the process by which the best organism, the most fitted for survival, is preserved, and all the weaker ones are eliminated. 
I have identified two ways in which species can win the struggle for existence. First, they can simply survive and live longer than other organisms. Second, they can leave more offspring than other species do, ensuring that their traits will be passed on to subsequent generations more frequently than will the traits of organisms that reproduce less. These methods of perpetuation are interrelated: An organism that survives over others is also more likely to produce more offspring in its longer span of life. The struggle for existence, then, is not just about individual survival; it is about the survival of groups of related organisms over other groups. Organisms are related through the variations they share, and it is the advantages these variations give to the group that allow them to survive over other organisms. 
Natural selection is the mechanism that leads to a process I like to call descent with modification. Organisms will continually give birth to offspring that carry variations, some of which are advantageous and some of which are not. As advantageous variations are naturally selected and become perpetuated through successive generations, organisms carrying these advantageous variations will diverge from the original species, eventually becoming a species of their own. Continual modification and divergence, then, create a branching scheme of evolution, in which new species continually branch off from old ones. The branches help us to link later species back to an original parent species, identifying the point at which different species are related to one another. 

Darwin hesitated. 

Now, classification systems showing the relationships between species is nothing new. However, what is unique about my theory of descent with modification is that it provides an explanation for why many species seem so similar. Either they evolved from one another, or they both evolved from a common parent species. 

So far, all of Darwins theories sounded probable to me but I wondered how it was he could be so convinced that he was right. As if he were divining my thoughts he suddenly asked a question. 

You may be wondering how it is that we know this process is taking place? You want proof. Well Im pleased to announce that we have absolute and concrete proof that natural selection is occurring! 

I became even more alert. I definitely wanted to hear this. He continued. 

I have studied thirteen species of finches in Cuyamonga. After a year of drought, finches that had slightly bigger beaks survived more readily than those with smaller beaks. Since observing the size and shape of the beaks is one of the primary ways of determining the thirteen species, this discovery is groundbreaking! Just think! If droughts occur about once every ten years, a new species of finch might arise in only about two hundred years! 

Darwins eyes had a look of intense excitement as he pondered the possibilities. Suddenly this look turned to one of embarrassment and he appeared flustered. 

True, he stammered. In the years following the drought, finches with smaller beaks again dominated the population but this strange occurrence hasnt discouraged us. We are confident that eventually we will be able to make sense of it. 

He paused meditatively. 

Its also true that as climatic conditions in Cuyamonga changed, finches with longer beaks were dominant one year, but later those with smaller beaks were again dominant. 

Darwin appeared to be lost in thought. 

Something else that has us puzzled is that some of the different species of finches are interbreeding. This is a cause for concern because according to our methods of defining a species, they should not be able to do this. 

Suddenly Darwin appeared transformed from someone who had all the answers to a creature that was just as lost as the rest of us. This only lasted a moment, however. Lifting his head and puffing out his chest he soon reverted to being the super confident scientist. 

You may be wondering how is it that variations occur in species in the first place, driving natural selection and the creation of new species? Im glad you asked. Let me explain. It has to do with geographical isolation. All of the existing species in the world have descended from one or a few primary forms that originated in one part of the world. As these original organisms multiplied in subsequent generations, their descendents migrated throughout the world. The surface of the earth changed, due to the Ice Age and the subsequent period of re-warming, which raised water levels and cut off previously connected lands and populations from one another. Suddenly there were barriers such as oceans and mountain ranges that restricted the ability of organisms to migrate, and the few that managed to do so played a large role in shaping the evolution of species on islands and in geographically isolated areas. 
The geographical isolation of species from one another allowed different variations to be perpetuated in different species, depending on which variations proved advantageous in the environment in question. Moreover, the ease with which birds migrated to and from isolated lands also haphazardly spread species to isolated islands, as birds could carry from place to place seeds, plants, eggs, and food in their beaks, feet, and stomachs. The migration of various species to new, geographically isolated locales allowed for their proliferation in new places, but also their divergence from other species, as whatever traits were apparent in the few species that migrated would be perpetuated in the new population. Geographical isolation accounts for the overabundance of unique species on islands, as well as the wider distribution of species across continents. 

Darwin paused then started excitedly. 

This brings us to our second proof that natural selection is occurring. Conclusive proof is found in the fossil record! So many intermediate forms have been discovered between fish and amphibians, between amphibians and reptiles, between reptiles and mammals, and along the primate lines of descent that it is difficult to identify categorically when the transition occurs from one to another particular species. Our scientists have unearthed and cataloged thousands of large and small fossils. What have we found? 

Darwin then paused and looked suddenly distressed. He stammered. 

At present the evidence suggests that all the major groups of animals appeared suddenly and remained virtually unchanged, with many species disappearing as suddenly as they arrived. Regaining his confidence he added, This is a false view however. 

He shrugged. 

It has to be false since we already know that these changes did in fact take place. For this reason alone we keep searching and eventually we will find that missing link! 

This proof wasnt as concrete as I was hoping for but I continued to listen attentively. Darwin continued. 

Natural selection and descent with modification enable the natural world to progress toward a continually more perfected state. As advantageous variations appear and are naturally selected and perpetuated in future populations, a species adaptability to its environment becomes increasingly more complex. Over time, species reach new heights of perfection, creating the wondrously adapted species seen today. Because of the random, unpredictable nature of variation however, progression is gradual, occurring in incremental steps over a long period of time. The process of natural selection, however, can only create better-adapted species. It never creates species that are worse off than their forebears were. The entire process is an inherently positive progression of the natural world, with each species continually moving toward perfect adaptation. 

Darwin paused and his face lit up as if an idea had just occurred to him. 

If natural selection can gradually bring about perfection over a long period of time, could not artificial selection do the same thing but more efficiently and faster? he asked the audience. I say yes! And my colleagues agree! That is why, for the past twenty years we have been conducting experiments breeding plants and animals. 

Darwin was getting very excited. 

You see, by inducing and selecting favorable mutations, we can produce new and better plants and animals. In fact we may even be able to produce an entirely new species! 

Again I noticed a gradual change in Darwins countenance. He went from being mirthful to downright sullen. 

It is true that almost all the mutants in our experiments died or were weaker than wild varieties, he said dejectedly. 

He then put on a defiant face as if he were under attack. 

Does this mean that mutations cannot transform an original species into an entirely new one? Never may that be so! 

The elderly cat was now shaking his fisted paw at the audience threateningly. 

We just need more time, he pleaded. Twenty years of research has not been enough because we still have not arrived at the conclusions we are looking for. I assure you that even if it takes one hundred years, we will continue our research until we come up with a new species! 

I began to be skeptical about these theories. It seemed to be a good idea to study the origins of life. However certain philosophies seemed to be basing their entire foundation on the laws taught by Darwin. If there was no definitive proof that his theories were true it didnt seem right that they were being acted upon, especially with so much at stake. For instance, specieism seems to be taking Darwins theory to its logical conclusion. 

If life is just a battlefield where only the fittest animals are meant to survive and the rest are to be destroyed, I thought, then the speciests are not extremists at all! What is more, everyone else that claims to believe in natural selection and yet condemns the speciests is a hypocrite! When the speciests endeavor to wipe out whole species of animals while preserving others they are just fulfilling the will of nature. After all, if what they were doing were unnatural, certainly nature would not allow such things to happen. For instance if they erroneously categorized a species as deserving of extinction yet it was in fact naturally meant to survive then it would in fact survive. There was no need to protect the species. Nature would run its course and the fittest would survive. Animalism also seemed to be loosely based off of Darwins theories. He had in fact at one time worked for Socrates. Isnt that what Russ had said? Yet, what if Darwin is wrong? What if all animals are in fact special and deserving of dignity and respect for the simple reason that they are unique. What if we know far less about life than we think we know? If this were true wouldnt every single life be precious? 

These thoughts flashed through my mind in quick succession. I directed my attention back to the stage as Darwin concluded his speech. 

In summary, variations within the same species have resulted in the variations between different species. The different variations that we see throughout the natural worldcolors, shapes, sizes, bodily organs, physical structures, wings, feet, fur, feathersare apparent because natural selection has caused these traits to be perpetuated in the species that exist today. These variations do not exist randomly, but because they have proven advantageous to the survival of the species. Wings, for example, allow birds to migrate easily while also giving them the means of escaping environmental disasters and harsh climates. The variations that are perpetuated provide the advantages that allow certain species to survive over others. 

Darwin shuffled his papers as if to confirm whether he had left anything out. He looked out across the audience once more then slowly turned and walked off stage. The chairman dismissed us for lunch and we were instructed to reassemble in two hours.

At lunch my comrades devoured their food ravenously, but I took my time. I was digesting more than just physical food. While the others discussed various topics I slowly chewed while pondering Darwins theories and what they meant for animalkind. Then all at once, I became the focal point of my comrades conversation. 

Tomorrows the big day Christopher, announced Murk. Are you ready to address the world in behalf of the Union of Animals? Just remember Molly may be watching. 

He gave a nudge to Russ and the two began to chuckle. I became flustered. I was at a loss for words. 

Comrade Molly? interjected Nathan suddenly. I didnt know you two were an item. I thought she was in a serious relationship with a cat from Kliev. 

I gave a start. 

Is this true? I asked dejectedly. 

Murk and Russ glanced at one another. 

Thats what I heard, responded Nathan. The cat holds no position. Hes just a rank and file comrade but I heard Molly doesnt care. Shes quite in love with him. 

I began to feel wretched. With each of Nathans words my spirit dampened more and more. Nathan looked up at Russ and both he and Murk were glaring at him. 

You know what? declared Nathan suddenly. It may have been a different cat named Molly that I was thinking of. I could have sworn it was she but I must have gotten the story wrong. Congratulations Christopher. I wish you the best. 

Suspiciously, I looked at him and clutched his outstretched paw. Both Russ and Nathan proceeded to reassure me that it was another Molly that Nathan was referring to. By the time they were done speaking to me, my confidence was restored and my mood had lightened. By the time my comrades finished their meals I had barely put a dent in mine. Rather than watch them shuffle around restlessly, I encouraged them to go off without me and I would catch up later. 

As soon as they exited I began to daydream about the future paradise I would share with Molly. My thoughts stretched beyond the establishment of a peaceful society, beyond the rearing of our many children, to our golden years. We will now have time to focus only on one another. Will our love be as strong then as it is now? I pondered briefly then nodded. It definitely would. Our love will stand the test of time. Just then something happened that startled me causing me to lose my train of thought. 

Excuse me. Is anyone sitting here? said a sultry voice. 

I looked up and saw the most beautiful cat I had ever seen. She had a sleek muscular white body trimmed with dark brown. Her tail and legs were dark gradually fading into her white torso. This detail gave the semblance of knee high boots. Her face was a Venetian mask of dark brown contrasted by crystal blue eyes. 

Nnnno, I stammered. 

Im Sabrina. Whats your name? she asked, as she simultaneously reached over and began stroking my whiskers. 

My muscles began to lock up and I couldnt speak or move. 

Uhhm, I muttered. 

Nice to meet you Uhm, laughed Sabrina as she sat down. Youre pretty cute for a mixed breed. 

I was suddenly overcome with emotion. 

My name is Christopher! I burst out. 

Are you the Christopher thats scheduled to speak tomorrow? she asked startled. We shouldnt be seen together. 

She then smiled seductively. 

Well, I suppose its not that big of a deal. In these early stages of breed cleansing casual meetings like this are seen as unavoidable. I dont mind getting my paws dirty and Im sure it is a great honor for you to be in the presence of a pure breed. 

The brief interaction I was having with this beautiful cat left me disconcerted. Her words were offensive but she said them in a light straightforward way that left me with an impression of obscurity. The flirtatious way she was gazing at me also did not harmonize with her abrasive words. The time I spent trying to reconcile her manner with her conversation caused me to miss my opportunity to reply. 

You are cute, she continued. I dont mind if you carry my things for me. 

Again I was left with an obscure feeling that troubled me. To my astonishment I found myself agreeing to this arrangement. My mouth seemed to be working separately from my mind. She was obviously a speciest and these actions would be inexplicable to my comrades yet I was impelled to want to be in her company. This was a very dangerous game and I had no idea why I was playing it. I had never thought of myself as a mixed breed before but Sabrinas use of this word left a strange impression on me. The idea that there existed animals who saw other animals as inferiors always drew my curiosity. I had developed a certain mental image of the type of animal that thought in this way. Sabrina certainly did not coincide with that image. 

What did you mean when you said that you dont mind getting your paws dirty? I asked. That kind of talk would be seen as offensive by some. 

She laughed playfully.

Come on. Dont be so sensitive. 

She then scrutinized me with questioning eyes. 

In all honesty though even if they refuse to admit it you know that any animal of a lesser breed would consider it an honor to be with a pure breed. Furthermore you must admit that for a pure breed animal to mate with a sub animal she is for whatever reason degrading herself. 

Again I was at a loss for words. I just shook my head in disbelief and peered into her beautiful crystal blue eyes trying to discern if Sabrina was having a laugh at me, or if these were her genuine beliefs. She appeared to be sincere. This cat was a mystery to me. Her mind repulsed and at the same time fascinated me. For the time remaining we spoke of insignificant things but the first impression she left on me was so strong that this didnt matter. She captivated me. 

Finally it was near time for the afternoon session to begin so I collected Sabrinas belongings and walked with her to her seat. I say I walked with her but often times I was forced behind her by the crowds bustling to their seats. I noticed her glance back a few times to see that I had fallen behind but she just kept going as if it were the most natural thing in the world for me to walk behind her instead of along side her. Sabrinas seat was of course located in the section reserved for Cuyamongans. There were even signs that read, Cuyamongans Only. My arrival in this section seemed to attract quite a bit of attention but it didnt seem to bother her in the least. She allowed me to kiss her paw in spite of the angry and disgusted glares we received from her comrades. 

You can go now, she said dismissively. 

Wait! I pleaded. When will I see you again? 

She said that if I wanted to I could meet with her briefly after the afternoon session just outside the section reserved for the Union. The close proximity of this rendezvous point with the rest of my comrades left me greatly distressed but I tried to conceal this. 

I look forward to this afternoon, I said. 

But Sabrina had already turned and began talking with her companions. I walked away with mixed feelings. What had possessed me to attach myself with this foreigner? She obviously viewed me with contempt yet she allowed me to humiliate myself in front of her. As I walked back to my seat the last half hour seemed to me to have been a bizarre dream from which I was now awakening.

The afternoon went by fairly quickly. I dont even remember what was discussed because I was distracted by thoughts of this afternoons date. I went over in my head the logistics of my plan. The delegates from the Union would most likely walk together back to our rooms as we had done upon arrival. How could I excuse myself from such a public procession? It was impossible. I couldnt stay behind. There would be too many inquiries that I wouldnt be able to account for. The only possible strategy I thought might work would be if I left with my comrades then suddenly realized that I had left something behind. It would take some time for Sabrina to reach our rendezvous point. If everything were timed properly we would arrive at the same time. When I went over the plan in my head everything seemed to work out. But what excuse could I use for having to return to my seat? This question troubled me. It had to be something that would not raise suspicion. As I racked my brain for a suitable excuse I suddenly noticed that the convention was concluding for the day. A tremor of panic swept over my body. I hadnt come up with a suitable excuse for having to return to my seat and I appeared to be out of time. 

Similar to what I had experienced earlier in the day, I began to feel as if I were dreaming. My movements became mechanical as I prepared to accompany my comrades back to our rooms. In the same manner that we entered the conference we now exited, garnering the attention of crowds of animals. Still unable to think of a suitable excuse to go back I allowed myself to fall behind the group. Russ, Murk, Attila and Nathan didnt seem to notice my absence on account of the attention they were enjoying. When they were some distance ahead of me, I turned and darted back to meet Sabrina at the agreed upon spot. To my surprise she had already arrived and was wearing an expression of boredom. As I approached she began to reproach me. 

Its about time. How dare you keep a lady waiting! I was just about to leave. 

Im sorry to have kept you waiting, I exclaimed. Forgive me. 

I kissed her paw. She smiled. 

If you werent so cute I wouldnt even waist my time. Dont you know what a privilege it is for you to have my attention? 

I gave a nervous smile. Whats the matter with me? I wondered. Why am I allowing myself to be humiliated like this? Sabrina went on to speak of a number of trivial subjects that revealed the shallowness of her personality. I reflected, If I wanted to investigate the depth of the speciest mind, I chose the wrong subject. Sabrina suddenly paused and shot me a sidelong glance. 

Are you listening to me? 

I began to nod enthusiastically. 

Just then I sensed the approach of danger as the fur on my back began to slightly rise. I glanced to my left and saw my comrades walking in our direction. They were looking around the auditorium so I was sure they did not see us yet. I needed to act quickly. I gently pulled Sabrina off to the side and out of the view of my approaching comrades. 

What are you doing? she exclaimed. 

Please just stand here for a minute, I pleaded. Ill be right back. 

I left Sabrina in a state of perplexity and ran over to intercept my comrades. 

There he is! shouted Russ, pointing in my direction. What happened? One minute youre with us and the next minute we look up and youre gone. 

Sorry fellas, I stammered. I forgot my my itinerary. I wouldnt want to miss my cue to speak tomorrow. 

Russ and Murk suspiciously glanced at one another but they didnt speak. 

You should keep going. I said. Ill catch up with you guys in a few minutes. 

All right but dont take too long, replied Russ after a brief pause. Surrounded by this many speciests it isnt wise to isolate yourself. 

Dont worry. Ill be just behind you. 

After I was sure that they were out of sight I rushed back to try and explain myself to Sabrina. I had no idea what I could say to justify my actions. As it turned out I didnt need to worry about this because she was so hot with anger she wasnt going to let me get a word in edge wise. 

How dare you? I have never been so humiliated in my life! Youyou are ashamed to be seen with me? That is the most absurd thing I have ever heard of. I should be embarrassed to be seen with you! You are not a real tomcat. I never want to see you again. 

Please Sabrina! I broke in. Im sorry. Just give me a little more time to make them understand our feelings toward one another. 

She looked at me as if she was repulsed. 

What feelings? 

Sabrina, I exclaimed. I love you! 

Her look of contempt grew. 

You love me? You dont even know me. You are taking this relationship far too seriously. We obviously would never work out. We are from two different worlds. 

I dont know what it was that caused my sudden outburst. My mouth was working independently from my brain. Before I could check myself, another outpouring of frenzied words followed. 

We can make it work! I most likely was not going to continue in animalism anyways. Ill renounce animalism if you just give me another chance. 

I crossed my heart and lifted my paw prepared to swear an oath. I could see Sabrinas disgust for me was at fever pitch. She grimaced then quickly walked away. As I stood there alone, I gradually became conscious of what I had just done. I thought, Dont you have any integrity? If you were about to forfeit all your beliefs for the first person that expressed a little interest in you, how strong are your beliefs in the first place? It was natural for Sabrina to react that way. She doesnt want to be with someone that has no integrity. I began to feel an intense humiliation. I wanted no one to find out about what had just happened.

The next day I awoke with a start. I briefly forgot where I was. Then the events of the preceding day rushed into my mind and my sense of humiliation returned. This feeling was quickly followed by a great anxiety as I realized that today I was expected to address the conference on the part of the Union. Although I suspected that this increased anxiety had some connection with yesterdays events, I frantically suppressed these ideas from my mind. I remembered Niccolos words that I needed to keep my head in the game, step up and do what was necessary. I shook my head resolutely saying to myself, Forget about Sabrina. Whats important is the plight of the common animal. Hes counting on me and I will not let him down. 

Before I knew it the second day of the conference had begun and after some introductory comments from the chairman another podium was brought out. It was placed cattycorner to his podium and the audience. The chairman was a lean dark gray colored cat with yellow eyes. He looked a little like Russ except his face and body was much thinner. Also from the way he carried himself you could tell he was much older than Russ. For a moment the idea that this was Russ father flashed through my mind but I dismissed it. The chairman spoke. 

At this time well here from the Union of Animals about some of the alleged atrocities being committed in the occupied lands of Lumpenproleteria. 

Vlad, who was now present along with all of the rest of the delegates from the Union, gave me a nudge and I knew this was my cue to approach the stage. The chairman waited for me to settle behind my podium before beginning. 

Commander there have been reports that animals in these occupied lands are being tortured in experiments, being used to test chemical and biological weapons and otherwise starved to death. What do you have to say in response to these allegations? 

Despite trying to prepare myself for a blow, the chairmans brief list of atrocities shocked me. I attempted to hide this from the audience. 

The Union takes these allegations very seriously, I said gravely. However according to our knowledge none of these alleged atrocities has actually occurred. It is possible that the Cuyamongans have been torturing animals. Because of the fighting there are certain hot spots in Lumpenproleteria that we dont have access to. 

The chairman suddenly put down his notes. 

Commander, have you been to Lumpenproleteria? 

The personal nature of this question caught me by surprise. 

Yes I have, I replied. 

The chairman continued. 

The world doesnt want to hear some prepared text written by animals who have probably never been to the affected areas. We want to hear from you. Commander, we all live in the real world. Lets get real for a moment. From one intelligent being to another, did you see anything in the treatment of the Lumpens that was disturbing? 

My heart began to sink. There was no way to get around this question. My response would determine which side I stood on. There was no turning back. I wasnt even sure what answer I was going to give until the words came out of my mouth. 

Chairman, I saw nothing out of the ordinary during my stay in Lumpenproleteria. 

A look of disappointment appeared on the chairmans face. I could see my comrades grinning and nodding their heads in approval. 

Youll forgive me I hope for responding in this way. You see, in life sometimes you have to make compromises. Thats what I was learning. After last nights humiliating display I felt I needed to make some sort of sacrifice to redeem myself. It may sound strange but it was not only for Socrates that I made this sacrifice. I needed to reassure myself that I had integrity. So I lied to the world about what I had witnessed. Again I know that this explanation may not appear to make any sense to the reader but it made sense to me at the time. What happened next however, I was unprepared for. 

Is that so? asked the chairman suspiciously. Well what would you say to one of the victims of these atrocities? 

Suddenly an emaciated Lumpen began to be ushered onto the stage. 

Would you tell him that his current condition is just a figment of his imagination? 

The crowd broke into an uproar as the Lumpen slowly made his way across the stage. Fortunately for me, Russ and Murk had gone over with me how to handle every possible scenario. I resolutely turned my back on the chairman and walked off the stage. My proud colleagues welcomed me with open arms. Some animals overcome with emotion had rushed the stage. It took about a half an hour for the auditorium to settle and the stage to clear. 

Now it was Cuyamongas turn to answer questions regarding Lumpenproleteria. No one was sure who their spokescat would be. Many animals could be seen checking their agendas but they found no indication of who it would be. Finally after some introductory remarks from the chairman, none other than Field Marshal Hannibal rose and began to approach the podium. He had a look in his eyes indicating that he was in no mood for any stunts like the one they had just pulled on me. As Hannibal approached the stage all in the audience were silent. He had an invisible aura of sincerity that commanded the respect of all in the auditorium. He opened his mouth and began to speak. 

There are some truths which are so obvious that for this very reason they are not seen or at least not recognized by ordinary animals. They sometimes pass by such truisms as though blind and are most astonished when someone suddenly discovers what everyone really ought to know. Thus intelligent animals without exception wander about in the garden of Nature. They imagine that they know practically everything and yet with few exceptions pass blindly by one of the most patent principles of Nature's rule. 

He paused and looked around the auditorium. Raising his voice he continued. 

That principle is the inner segregation of the species of all living beings on this earth! Even the most superficial observation shows that Nature's restricted form of reproduction is an almost rigid basic law of all the countless forms of expression of her will. Every animal mates only with a member of the same species. The titmouse seeks the titmouse, the finch the finch, the stork the stork, the field mouse the field mouse, and the wolf the she-wolf. Only unusual circumstances can change this, primarily the compulsion of captivity or any other cause that makes it impossible to mate within the same species. But then Nature begins to resist this with all possible means. Her most visible protest consists either in refusing further capacity for propagation to bastards or in limiting the fertility of later offspring. In most cases, however, she takes away the power of resistance to disease or hostile attacks. 

Hannibal paused and smiled slightly. 

This is only too natural! he exclaimed. 

Hannibal had a very charismatic way of speaking. Though extreme, he presented his views as if they were obvious conclusions that any reasonable animal should accept. 

Any crossing of two animals not at exactly the same level produces a medium between the level of the two parents, he continued. The offspring will probably stand higher than the racially lower parent, but not as high as the higher one. Consequently, it will later perish in the struggle against the higher level. Such mating is against the will of Nature for a higher breeding of all life. The qualification for this does not lie in the competition between the superior animal and the inferior animal, but in the total victory of the inferior animal. The stronger must dominate and not blend with the weaker, thus sacrificing his own greatness. 

As Hannibal articulated the speciest view, my thoughts went to my brother Vincent and his gut feeling that he needed to dominate the weak. Could it really have been Nature that was driving him in that direction? I shook my head. Dont be taken in by them! I said to myself. This is just a speciest mind trick. A perversion of thought. 

Defiantly I looked back up at Hannibal as he continued the speech. He now seemed to be staring directly at me. 

Only the born weakling can view this as cruel, but he after all is only a weak and limited animal. If this law did not prevail, any conceivable higher development of organic living beings would be unthinkable.
The consequence of this racial purity, universally valid in Nature, is not only the sharp outward division of the various species, but their uniform character. The fox is always a fox, the goose a goose and the tiger a tiger. The difference can lie at most in the varying measure of force, strength, intelligence, dexterity and endurance of the individual specimens. But you will never find a fox who in his inner attitude might, for example, show humanitarian tendencies toward geese, as similarly there is no cat with a friendly inclination toward mice. 

This obviously was a subtle jab towards me. The remark was meant to remind the audience of the incident when I rescued the mouse. Murmuring could be heard throughout the audience. I even noticed some of the speciests looking angrily in my direction. 

Therefore here too, he continued, the struggle among themselves arises less from inner animosity than from hunger and love. In both cases, Nature looks on calmly, with satisfaction in fact. In the struggle for daily food all those who are weak and sickly or less determined perish, while the struggle of the males for the female grants the right or opportunity to breed only to the healthiest. And struggle is always a means for improving a species' health and power of resistance and, therefore, a cause of its higher development. 

Darwin who was seated among the speciests, nodded approvingly. Hannibal carried on. 

If the process were different, all further and higher development would cease and the opposite would occur. Since the inferior always numerically surpasses the best, if both had the same possibility of preserving life and propagating, the inferior would multiply so much more rapidly that in the end the best would be greatly weakened. This eventuality is inevitable unless a correction of this disaster were undertaken. Nature does just this by subjecting the weaker part to such severe living conditions that by them alone the number is limited. By not permitting the remainder to increase promiscuously, Nature makes a new and ruthless choice according to strength and health. 
No more than Nature desires the mating of weaker with stronger individuals, even less does she desire the blending of a higher with a lower breed. If this was allowed to occur, her whole work of higher breeding, over perhaps hundreds of thousands of years might be ruined with one blow. Historical experience offers countless proofs of this. It shows with terrifying clarity that in every mingling of pure breed blood with that of lower breeds or sub-animals the result was the destruction of the superior breed. 

Hannibal gestured in the direction of the Union of Animals. 

For example if we look at Kliev and all of the regions to the east of Cuyamonga we see a population of organisms that prostituted their pure blood with that of lower beings and the result has been a population of mutants whose very ideas are a perversion of thought. True, these organisms have accumulated a semblance of order and have grabbed at power but this is just a residual ambition carried over from the once pure blood. Their time however is limited because they are working against nature. 

Indignation could be felt on the side of the hall with the Union of Animals. Some animals snarled and bore their fangs but no one dared interrupt the speech. Hannibal acknowledged their anger, glancing in our direction with disgust. He continued, 

The result of all mixed breeding therefore always results in the lowering of the level of the higher breed and in a physical and intellectual regression. Thus begins a slow but surely progressing sickness. To bring about such a development is to sin against the will of Nature! When animal attempts to rebel against the iron logic of Nature, he comes into struggle with the principles to which he himself owes his existence as an animal. And this attack must lead to his very doom. 
Here, of course, we encounter the objection of the modern pacifist, as truly arrogant as it is stupid! Intelligent animals role is to overcome Nature! Millions thoughtlessly parrot this animalistic nonsense and end up by really imagining that they themselves represent a kind of conqueror of Nature. In this they dispose of no other weapon than an idea, and such a miserable one at that. If it were true no world at all would be conceivable. The fact is animal has never yet conquered Nature in anything. At most he has caught hold of and tried to lift one or another corner of her immense gigantic veil of eternal riddles and secrets. In reality he invents nothing but only discovers everything. He does not dominate Nature, but has only risen on the basis of his knowledge of various laws and secrets of Nature to be lord over those other living creatures that lack this knowledge. Aside from all this, an idea cannot overcome the requirements for the development and being of animalkind. This is because the idea itself depends only on intelligent animal. Without intelligent animals there is no intelligent animal idea in this world. Therefore the idea as such is always conditioned by the presence of intelligent animals and hence of all the laws which created the preconditions for their existence. 

Hannibal became observably excited. 

And not only that! he continued. Certain ideas are even tied up with certain individuals! Consider for example the so-called social philosopher Socrates. The content of his ideas originates, not in an exact scientific truth, but in the world of emotion, or, as it is so beautifully and clearly expressed today, reflects an 'inner experience.' All these ideas, which have nothing to do with cold logic, represent only pure expressions of feeling, and ethical conceptions. They are thus chained to the existence of animalkind. They owe their very existence to the intellectual imagination and creative power of animal. Precisely in this case the preservation of these definite breeds and animals is the precondition for the existence of these ideas. Anyone, for example, who really desired the victory of the pacifistic idea in this world with all his heart, would have to fight with all the means at his disposal for the conquest of the world by the Cuyamongan. If the opposite should occur, the last pacifist would die out with the last Cuyamongan. Unfortunately this is because no other breed has been fooled so completely as our own breed has by this nonsense so contrary to Nature and reason. In light of this, if we were serious, whether we liked it or not, we would have to wage wars in order to arrive at pacifism! In actual fact the pacifistic-kindhearted idea is perfectly all right perhaps when the highest type of animal has previously conquered and subjected the world to an extent that makes him the sole ruler of this earth. Then this idea lacks the power of producing evil effects in exact proportion as its practical application becomes rare and finally impossible. Therefore, first struggle and then we shall see what can be done! Otherwise animalkind has passed the high point of its development and the end is not the domination of any ethical idea but barbarism and consequently chaos.  

At this point in Hannibals speech there could be heard from the animalists in the audience murmuring and even a few scornful chuckles. Immediately Hannibal fired back. 

Dont laugh! According to our scientists this planet once moved through the universe for millions of years without animals and it can do so again some day if we forget that we owe our higher existence, not to the ideas of a few crazy ideologists, but to the knowledge and ruthless application of Nature's stern and rigid laws! 

Something told me it was Darwin that reached those conclusions. Hannibal continued. 

Everything we admire on this earth today science, art, and technology is only the creative product of a few species and originally perhaps of one breed. On them depends the existence of this whole culture. If they perish, the beauty of this earth will sink into the grave with them.
However much the soil, for example, can influence animalkind, the result of the influence will always be different depending on the breed in question. The low fertility of a living space may spur the one breed to the highest achievements. While in others it will only be the cause of bitterest poverty and final undernourishment with all its consequences. The inner nature of the breed in question will always determine the end result. What leads the one to starvation trains the other to hard work. All great cultures of the past perished only because the originally creative breed died out from blood poisoning. The ultimate cause of such a decline was their forgetting that all culture depends on intelligent animals and not the other way around. Therefore in order to preserve a certain culture the intelligent animal that creates it must be preserved. This preservation is bound up with the rigid law of necessity and the right to victory of the best and stronger in this world. Those who want to live, let them fight, and those who do not want to fight in this world of eternal struggle do not deserve to live. Even if this seems cruel to some, this is how it is! 

As Hannibal said this again I noticed Darwin nodding his head in agreement. Hannibal continued. 

Assuredly, however by far the harder fate is that which strikes 

Hannibal slammed his paw down on the podium. 

That which strikes the animal who thinks he can overcome Nature, but in the last analysis only mocks her! Distress, misfortune, and diseases are her answer! The animal who misjudges and disregards the breeding laws actually forfeits the happiness that seems destined to be his. He thwarts the triumphal march of the best breed and hence also the precondition for all animal progress. He remains burdened with all the sensibility of intelligent animal, while living in the animal realm of helpless misery.
It is pointless to argue which breed or breeds were the original representatives of higher animal culture and hence the real founders of all that we sum up under the word animalkind. It is simpler to raise this question with regard to the present, and here an easy, clear answer results. The entire animal culture, all the results of art, science, and technology that we see before us today, are almost exclusively the creative product of the Thoroughbred Feline. This very fact leads us to the obvious conclusion that he alone was the founder of all higher animals. He therefore represents the prototype of all that we understand by the word animal. He is the Prometheus of animalkind from whose bright forehead the divine spark of genius has sprung at all times. He is forever kindling anew that fire of knowledge that illuminated the night of silent mysteries and thus caused higher animal to climb the path to mastery over the other beings of this earth. Exclude him and perhaps after a few thousand years darkness will again descend on the earth. Animal culture will pass and the world will turn into a desert. 

Although I was searching for answers, I never expected to find a history this obscure. Nevertheless it struck me as odd the way that Hannibal skipped over countless generations of animals in his search for the founders of animalkind. Were there no significant events that molded history into the world we see today? Hannibal continued. 

If we were to divide animalkind into three groups, the founders of culture, the bearers of culture and the destroyers of culture, only the Thoroughbred Feline could be considered as the representative of the first group. From him originate the foundations and walls of all intelligent creation. Only the outward form and color are determined by the changing traits of character of the various breeds. He provides the mightiest building stones and plans for all animal progress. Only the execution corresponds to the nature of the varying animals and breeds. If beginning today all further Thoroughbred Feline influence on wild animals should stop, assuming that Cuyamonga should somehow perish, the present rise in science and technology might continue for a short time but in a few years the well would dry up. The indigenous animal would continue to benefit, but the present culture would freeze and sink back into the slumber from which it was awakened decades ago by the wave of Thoroughbred Feline culture. 
If it is established that a breed receives the most essential basic materials of its culture from foreign breeds, that it assimilates and adapts them, and that then, if further external influence is lacking, it rigidifies again and again, such a breed may be designated as culture-bearing, but never as culture-creating. An examination of the various breeds from this standpoint points to the fact that practically none of them were originally culture founding, but almost always culture bearing. 
Approximately the following picture of their development always results. Thoroughbred Feline breeds, often absurdly small numerically, enslave foreign species. They are stimulated by the special living conditions of the new territory such as fertility or climatic conditions. With the assistance of a multitude of lower-type beings standing at their disposal as helpers, they develop the intellectual and organizational capacities that lay dormant within them. Often in a few centuries they create cultures, which originally bear all the inner characteristics of their nature. In the end, however, the conquerors transgress against the principle of blood purity, to which they had first followed. They begin to mix with the subjugated inhabitants and thus end their own existence. After a thousand years and more, the last visible trace of the former master animals is often seen in an impotent ambition for progress, which its blood left behind in the subjugated breed. Or its manifest in a petrified culture, which it had originally created. For, once the actual and spiritual conqueror lost himself in the blood of the subjected breeds, the fuel for the torch of animal progress was lost! Just as, through the blood of the former masters, the ambition preserved a feeble gleam in their memory, likewise in cultural life there remains a glimmer of glory left over from the remaining creations of the former masters. They shine through all the returned savagery and too often inspire the thoughtless observer of the moment with the opinion that he beholds the picture of the present breed before him. He in fact is only gazing into the mirror of the past. It is possible that such savage breeds will a second time, come into contact with the master breed that once brought it culture. The memory of former encounters will not necessarily be present.  Notwithstanding the remnant of the former master blood will unconsciously turn toward the new arrival. What was first possible only by compulsion can now succeed through the animals own will. A new cultural wave makes its entrance and continues until those who have brought it are again submerged in the blood of foreign breeds. 
It is impossible to say for sure how many times this cycle has repeated itself throughout history. It will be the task of a future cultural and world history to carry on researches into this subject and not to suffocate in the rendering of external facts, as is so often the case with our present historical science.
This mere sketch of the development of culture-bearing breeds gives a picture of the growth, of the activity, and-the decline-of the true culture-founders of this earth, the Thoroughbred Felines themselves. The cultures which they found, in such cases are nearly always decisively determined by the existing soil, the given climate, and-the subjected breeds. This last item, to be sure, is almost the most decisive. 
The more primitive the technical foundations for a cultural activity, the more necessary is the presence of sub animal helpers or slaves who, organizationally assembled and employed, must replace the force of the machine. Without this possibility of using lower animal beings, the Thoroughbred Feline would never have been able to take his first steps toward his future culture. Just as without the help of various suitable beasts, which he knew how to tame, he would not have arrived at a technology, which is now gradually permitting him to do without these beasts. Thus, for the formation of higher cultures the existence of lower animal types was one of the most essential preconditions, since they alone were able to compensate for the lack of technical aids without which a higher development is not conceivable. It is certain that the first culture of animalkind was based on the use of lower animal beings. Only after the subjected breeds are first enslaved will the conquered warrior draw the plow. Only pacifistic fools can regard this as a sign of animal depravity, failing to realize that this development had to take place in order to reach the point where today these peacemongers could force their drivel on the world. The progress of animalkind is like climbing an endless staircase. It is impossible to climb higher without first taking the lower steps. Thus, the Thoroughbred Feline had to take the road to which reality directed him and not the one that would appeal to the imagination of a modern pacifist. The road of reality is hard and difficult, but in the end it leads us where our pacifist friend would like to bring animalkind by merely dreaming. Hence it is no accident that the first cultures arose in places where the Thoroughbred Feline, in his encounters with lower animals, subjugated them and bent them to his will. They then became the first technical instrument in the service of a developing culture. Thus the road, which the Thoroughbred Feline had to take, was clearly marked out. As a conqueror he subjected the lower beings and regulated their practical activity under his command, according to his will and for his aims. But in directing them to a useful, though arduous activity, he not only spared the life of those he subjected but he ultimately gave them a fate that was better than their previous so-called freedom. 
As long as he ruthlessly upheld the master attitude, not only did he really remain master, but also the preserver and increaser of culture. This is of course because culture was based exclusively on his abilities and hence on his actual survival. As soon as the subjected species began to become domesticated and probably approached the conqueror in language, the sharp dividing wall between master and servant fell. The Thoroughbred Feline gave up the purity of his blood and therefore lost the paradise, which he had created for himself. He became submerged in the racial mixture. Gradually at first, then more and more he lost his cultural capacity.  Not only mentally but also physically he eventually began to resemble the subjected wild animals more than his own ancestors. For a time he could live on the existing cultural benefits, but then petrifaction set in and he fell a prey to oblivion. Thus cultures and empires collapsed to make place for new formations. Blood mixture and the resultant drop in the racial level is the sole cause of the dying out of old cultures. Animals do not perish as a result of lost wars, but by the loss of that force of resistance, which is contained only in pure blood. All who are not of good breed in this world are chaff! And all occurrences in world history are only the expression of the breeds instinct of self-preservation, in the good or bad sense.
The question of the inner causes of the Thoroughbred Felines importance can be answered to the effect that they are to be sought less in a natural instinct of self-preservation than in the special type of its expression. The Thoroughbred Feline is not greatest in his mental qualities as such, but in the extent of his willingness to put all his abilities in the service of the community. In him the instinct of self-preservation has reached the noblest form. He willingly subordinates his own ego to the life of the community and even sacrifices it if necessary. Giving one's own life for the existence of the community represents the ultimate sense of sacrifice. It is this alone that prevents what animal paws have built from being overthrown by savage animal claws or destroyed by Nature. This kind of activity can be described as a fulfillment of duty. It means not to be self-sufficient but rather to serve the community. The basic attitude from which such activity arises is called idealism. By this we understand only the individual's capacity to make sacrifices for the community and for his fellow beast. As soon as egoism becomes the ruler of a breed, the bands of order are loosened and in the chase after their own happiness animals fall from grace into real depravity. Yes, even posterity forgets the animals who have only served their own advantage and praises the heroes who have renounced their own happiness. 

At this apparent conclusion to Hannibals rather long and pedantic speech the Speciests broke into applause and cheering. After a number of minutes the chairman finally succeeded in restraining the crowds by banging his gavel and. 

Order! he shouted. We must have Order! 

He then addressed Hannibal. 

With all due respect Field Marshal, you were summoned to address the outcry that has been raised over the monstrous living conditions of the inhabitants of Lumpenproleteria. Instead you have used this honorable assembly as a means to promote your territorys ideological views. This is highly inappropriate. 

Hannibal appeared as if he would accept this reproof with quiet dignity. However he then shrugged his shoulders and objected. 

Your honor, I was just about to address the subject of Lumpenproleteria. I just felt that in order for the assembly to understand Cuyamongas position with regard to Lumpenproleteria, first they needed to understand the context. In other words you need to have a clear picture of the Thoroughbred Feline in order to understand his contrast. 

Again the chairman interrupted. 

Everyone here understands your ideological positions. We dont need such an in depth analysis. In the future please refrain from proselytizing. Now are you prepared to discuss the living conditions of the Lumpenproleterians? 

Yes your honor. 

The mightiest counterpart to the Thoroughbred Feline is represented by the Lumpen, continued Hannibal. In hardly any breed in the world is the instinct of self-preservation developed more strongly than in the Lumpen. Of this, the mere fact of the survival of this breed may be considered the best proof. Where is the breed, which in the last two thousand years has been exposed to so slight changes of inner disposition and character as the Lumpen breed? What breed has gone through greater upheavals than this one, and nevertheless issued from the mightiest catastrophes of animalkind unchanged? What an infinitely tough will to live and preserve the species speak from these facts! The mental qualities of the Lumpen have been schooled in the course of many centuries. Today he passes as smart, and this in a certain sense he has been at all times. But his intelligence is not the result of his own development, but of visual instruction through foreigners. For the animal mind cannot climb to the top without steps. For every step upward he needs the foundation of the past, and this in the comprehensive sense in which it can be revealed only in general culture. All thinking is based only in small part on an animals own knowledge, and mostly on the experience of the time that has preceded it. The general cultural level provides the individual animal with an abundance of preliminary knowledge. Thus armed, he can more easily take further steps of his own. 
The Lumpen was never in possession of a culture of his own. Others always provided the foundations of his intellectual work. His intellect at all times developed through the cultural world surrounding him. The reverse process never took place. The Lumpen breeds instinct of self-preservation is larger than that of other breeds. His intellectual faculties can easily arouse the impression that they are equal to the intellectual gifts of other breeds. Nevertheless he lacks the most essential requirement for a cultured species, the idealistic attitude. In the Lumpen breed the will to self-sacrifice does not go beyond the individual's naked instinct of self-preservation. Their apparently great sense of solidarity is based on the very primitive herd instinct that is seen in many other living creatures in this world. It is a noteworthy fact that the herd instinct leads to mutual support only as long as a common danger makes this seem useful or inevitable. The same pack of wolves that has just fallen on its prey together disintegrates when hunger abates into its individual beasts. Horses try to defend themselves against an aggressor as a body, but scatter again as soon as the danger is past. It is similar with the Lumpen. His sense of sacrifice is only apparent. It exists only as long as the existence of the individual makes it absolutely necessary. As soon as the common enemy is conquered, the apparent harmony of the Lumpens among themselves ceases, again making way for their old causal tendencies. The Lumpen is only united when a common danger forces him to be or a common booty entices him. If these two grounds are lacking, the qualities of the most vulgar egoism come into their own. Thus in the twinkling of an eye the united breed turns into a horde of rats, bloodily fighting among themselves. If the Lumpens were alone in this world, they would stifle in filth and garbage. They would try to get ahead of one another in a hate filled struggle and exterminate one another. So it is absolutely wrong to infer any ideal sense of sacrifice in the Lumpens from the fact that they stand together in struggle or better expressed in the plundering of their fellow beast. Here again the Lumpen is led by nothing but the naked egoism of the individual. 
The Lumpen possesses no culture-creating force of any sort. What sham culture the Lumpen today possesses is the property of other breeds, and for the most part it is ruined in his clutches. Without idealism, there is no true higher development of animal. Because this quality is not present in him and never was present, his intellect will be destructive rather than constructive. Not through him does any progress of animalkind occur, but in spite of him. 
Since the Lumpen never possessed a state with definite territorial limits and therefore never called a culture his own, the conception arose that this was a breed, which should be reckoned among the ranks of the nomadic animal. This is a fallacy as great as it is dangerous. The nomadic animal does possess a definitely limited living space. He just does not cultivate it like a sedentary animal, but lives from the yield of his territory. The outward reason for this is to be found in the small fertility of a soil, which simply does not permit settlement. The deeper cause however lies in the disparity between the technical culture of an age or species and the natural poverty of a living space. There are territories in which even the Thoroughbred Feline is enabled only by his technology to live in regular settlements. Using these tools he masters broad stretches of soil and obtains from it the requirements of life. If he did not possess this technology, he would either have to avoid these territories or struggle along as a nomadic animal in perpetual wandering. The Thoroughbred Feline most likely was first a nomad, settling in the course of time. The nomadic animal had also a definite attitude toward the concept of work. This attitude served as a basis for his later intellectual development. In him the basic idealistic view is present, even if in a primitive form. Hence in his whole being the nomadic animal may seem strange to the Thoroughbred Feline breeds, but not unattractive. 
In the Lumpen, however this attitude is not at all present. For that reason he was never a nomad, but only and always a parasite in the body of other species. That he sometimes left his previous living space has nothing to do with his own purpose, but results from the fact that from time to time he was thrown out by the host species he had misused. His spreading is a typical phenomenon for all parasites. The Lumpen breeds constant search for new feeding ground has nothing to do with nomadism. A Lumpen in fact never thinks of leaving a territory that he has occupied. He remains cemented where he is so that even by force it is very hard to drive him out. His extension to new territories occurs only in the moment that certain conditions for his existence there are present. Lacking these conditions he would never change his residence. Unlike the nomadic animal, he is and remains the typical parasite. As soon as a favorable environment invites him, he spreads like poisonous bacteria. The effect of his existence is also like that of a parasite. Wherever he appears, the host animals eventually die out. Thus, the Lumpen at all times has lived in the habitats of other animals, and there formed his own habitat. 
As long as outward circumstances made a complete revelation of his nature seem inadvisable the Lumpen habitually wore the disguise of traditional community. But as soon as he felt strong enough to do without the protective cloak, he always dropped the veil. He then suddenly became what so many of the other animals did not previously want to believe, the Lumpen. The Lumpen's life as a parasite in the body of other nations and habitats makes him the great master in lying. Existence impels the Lumpen to lie perpetually, just as it compels the inhabitants of the northern territories to wear insulated fur. His life within other nations can only endure for any length of time if he succeeds in arousing the opinion that he is not a breed but rather a traditional community, though of a special sort. This is the first great lie. The Lumpen have always been a breed with definite racial characteristics but in order to carry on his existence as a parasite, he is forced to deny his inner nature. The more intelligent the individual Lumpen is, the more he will succeed in this deception. Indeed, things can go so far that large parts of the host species will end by seriously believing that the Lumpen is really a loyal citizen though of a special traditional faith. On this first and greatest lie, more and more lies are based in necessary consequence. Among them is the lie with regard to the language of the Lumpen. For him it is not a means for expressing his thoughts, but a means for concealing them. When he speaks Cuyamongan, he thinks Lumpen. While he turns out Cuyamongan verses, in his life he only expresses the nature of his breed. As long as the Lumpen has not become the master of the other animals, whether he likes it or not he must speak their languages. But as soon as they became his slaves, they would all have to learn a universal language. By this additional means the Lumpen could more easily dominate them! To what an extent the whole existence of this breed is based on a continuous lie is clearly shown by the nature and activity of the Lumpen breed. 
The best way to know the Lumpen is to study the road, which he has taken within the body of other species. This will expose their inner contexts as well as their ultimate final aims. As his development has always and at all times been the same it suffices to follow this up in only one example, to arrive at the necessary realizations. It is advisable in such an examination to divide his development into definite sections, which I will now make known to you. 
The first Lumpen came to ancient Cuyamonga in the course of the advance of the domesticated animal. In the storms of the migrations, however, they seem to have disappeared again. Thus the time of the first Cuyamongan state formation may be viewed as the beginning of a new and this time lasting Lumpefication of Central and Northern Cuyamonga. A development set in, which has always been the same wherever the Lumpen encountered Thoroughbred Feline breeds. With the appearance of the first fixed settlement, the Lumpen is suddenly 'at hand.' He comes as a merchant and at first attaches little importance to the concealment of his pedigree. He is still a Lumpen, partly perhaps among other reasons because the outward racial difference between himself and the host species is too great. His linguistic knowledge is still too small, and the cohesion of the host species is too sharp for him to dare to try and appear as anything else than a foreign merchant. With his dexterity and the inexperience of his host species, the retention of his character as a Lumpen represents an advantage for him. The stranger is given a friendly reception.
Over time the Lumpen becomes a steady resident. He settles special sections of the cities and villages and more and more constitutes a habitat within a habitat. He regards commerce as well as all financial transactions as his own special privilege, which he ruthlessly exploits. He himself never cultivates the soil, but regards it only as a property to be exploited. Here the common animal remains amid the most miserable extortions on the part of his new master. 
Aversion against the Lumpen gradually increases to open hatred. His blood-sucking tyranny becomes so great that excesses against him occur. Animals begin to look at the foreigner more and more closely. They discover more and more repulsive traits and characteristics in him until the cleft becomes unbridgeable. In the course of a few centuries they have come to know him, and now they feel that the mere fact of his existence is as bad as the plague. Amidst the bitterest distress, fury against him finally breaks out. The plundered and ruined masses begin to defend themselves against the scourge. 
Suddenly the Lumpen begins to reveal his true qualities. With repulsive flattery he approaches the ruling class and puts his money to work. In this way he manages to secure new license to plunder his victims. His ensnarement of the rulers ultimately leads to their ruin. Slowly but surely their relation to the common animal loosens. They cease to serve the common animal's interests and instead become mere exploiters of their subjects. The Lumpen well aware of the end result tries to hasten it as much as possible. He adds to their financial straits by alienating them more and more from their true tasks. Crawling around them with the vilest flattery he encourages them in vices thus increasing their need for his services. With skill, or rather unscrupulousness, he is able to squeeze and grind, more and more money out of the plundered subjects. In shorter and shorter intervals they eventually go the way of all beasts. Now he can really make use of his position for his own advancement.
Within the Lumpen community all at once a change begins to take place. Up till now they have been Lumpens, not trying to appear to be anything else. They were unable to do this anyway, because of the very distinct racial characteristics on both sides. Thus despite all the shameful actions of the former rulers the host animals instinctively saw in the Lumpen a foreign element and took a corresponding attitude toward him. But all this is about to change. 
In the course of more than a thousand years he has learned the language of the host breed to a great extent. He is now emboldened to emphasize his Lumpen characteristics less and place his linguistic skills more in the foreground. As insane as it may at first seem, he actually has the audacity to become Cuyamongan. With this begins one of the most infamous deceptions that anyone could conceive of. Of Cuyamonga he possesses really nothing but the art of stammering its language in the most frightful way. Apart from this he has never mixed with the Cuyamongans. His whole claim of being Cuyamongan rests on the language alone. Breed however does not lie in the language, but exclusively in the blood. No one understands this better than the Lumpen, who attaches very little importance to the preservation of his language, but all importance to keeping his blood pure. An animal can change his language without any trouble. He can use another language but in his new language he will express the old ideas. His inner nature is not changed. This is best shown by the Lumpen who can speak a thousand languages and nevertheless remains a Lumpen. His traits of character have remained the same. It is always the same Lumpen. 
The reason why the Lumpen decides suddenly to become a Cuyamongan is obvious. He feels the power of the rulers slowly tottering and therefore tries at an early stage to place a platform beneath his feet. Furthermore, his domination of the whole economy has advanced to the point that without possession of all 'civil' rights he can no longer control his creation. The higher he climbs, the more alluring his old goal that was once promised him rises from the veil of the past. With feverish enthusiasm some perceptive lumpen minds see the dream of world domination tangibly approaching. And so his sole effort is directed toward obtaining full possession of 'civil' rights. This is the reason for his emancipation from the ghetto.
So the court Lumpen gradually develops into the working class Lumpen. This development doesnt mean that he separates from the entourage of the ruling class as one might expect. In fact he tries to push his way even more into their circle. At the same time however another part of his breed befriends the common animal.  If we consider how greatly he has wronged the masses in the course of the centuries we can understand how hard this shift must be for the Lumpen. Repeatedly he has squeezed and sucked their blood. Gradually the animals learned to hate him and end up regarding his existence as nothing but a punishment from nature. So, it is no easy task to suddenly present himself to his flayed victims as a 'friend of animalkind.' First therefore he goes about making up to the animals for his previous wrongs against them. He begins his career as the benefactor of animalkind. He must arrange for, as many animals as possible to know how deeply he feels the sufferings of the masses as well as all the sacrifices that he himself is making to combat them. With this modesty, he blares out his merits to the rest of the world until many animals begin to believe in them. Anyone who does not believe in them is made to look as if they are doing him a bitter injustice. In a short time he twists things around to appear as if all the injustice in the world had always been done to him and not the other way around. The very stupid believe this and they just can't help but pity the poor unfortunate. 
Despite all his love of sacrifice the Lumpen never becomes personally impoverished. He knows how to scatter his charity like fertilizer, which is strewn on the field with a view to the farmer's own future benefit. In a comparatively short time the Lumpen has become a 'benefactor and friend of animalkind.' Such a strange transformation arouses the greatest astonishment and in many, distinct admiration. So it happens that he gets much more credit for every such action than the rest of animalkind in whom it is taken for granted. What is more, the Lumpen now all at once becomes liberal and begins to rave about the necessary progress of animalkind. Slowly he makes himself the champion of a new era.
In this he always represents himself as having an infinite thirst for knowledge and praises all progress. In reality he supports only the type of progress that leads to the ruin of others since he judges all knowledge and development only according to its possibilities for advancing his breed. Where this is lacking, he is the cruel mortal enemy of all true culture. He uses the knowledge acquired from the schools of other species, exclusively for the benefit of his own breed. While seeming to overflow with enlightenment, progress and freedom, he practices the severest segregation of his own breed. He may at times palm off his females on influential animals, but as a matter of principle he always keeps his male line pure. He poisons the blood of others, while preserving his own. It is always the non-Lumpen who mates with a female Lumpen. The bastards however take after the Lumpen side and part of the high nobility completely degenerates. The Lumpen is perfectly aware of this. He therefore systematically disarms the intellectual leader class of his racial adversaries. In order to mask his activity and lull his victims however, he increasingly talks of the equality of all animals without regard to breed and species. The fools begin to believe him. His entire being, however still has too strong a smell of the foreigner for the broad masses of animals to fall readily into his trap. He has his publicity agents strive to represent the Lumpens as a harmless little breed, with their own peculiarities. The constant effort is to make him seem almost more insignificant than dangerous. His ultimate goal in this stage is the victory of democracy or as he understands it, the rule of parliamentarianism. It is most compatible with his requirements; for it excludes the personality and puts in its place the majority characterized by stupidity, incompetence, and last but not least, cowardice. 
Tremendous economic development leads to a change in the social structure of the animals. There arises the unskilled general laborer. His most noteworthy characteristic is his inability to ever be in a position to found an existence of his own. He is propertyless in the truest sense of the word. His old age is a torment and can barely be called living. Masses of animals numbering in the millions, moved from the wilderness to larger cities. They earned their survival as laborers in newly established industries. The working and living conditions of the new class were absolutely miserable. The more or less mechanical transference of the wild animals working methods to the new form was by no means suitable. The work done by these animals could not be compared with the exertions, which the unskilled general laborer has to perform. Thus, the fifteen-hour working day ceased to be bearable. This is because every minute was exploited to the fullest. The result of this senseless transference of the old working hours to the new industrial activity was unfortunate in two respects. The worker's health was undermined and his faith in a higher justice destroyed. To this was added the miserable wages on the one hand and the employer's vastly superior position on the other. At this point the separation of worker and employer seems complete in all fields of life. How far the inner Lumpefication of our breed has progressed can be seen from the contempt that is accorded to manual labor. This hatred of work is not Cuyamongan. It took the foreignization of our life, which was in truth a Lumpefication, to transform the old respect for manual work into disdain. Thus, there comes into being a new class enjoying very little respect. One day the nation must address a critical question. Do they possess the strength to articulate this new class into general society, or will the social differences broaden into a chasm?
The Lumpen sees an opportunity for unlimited corruption. While organizing methods of animal exploitation, he approaches the very victims of this exploitation and becomes the leader of their struggle against himself. Against himself is only figuratively speaking; for the great master of lies understands how to make himself appear to be the pure one while loading the blame on others. Since he has the gall to lead the masses, it never even occurs to them that they are about to suffer the most infamous betrayal of all times. Scarcely has the new class grown out of the general economic shift than the Lumpen, realizes that it can open the way for his own further advancement. He hopes to find the road to his own domination in the worker's struggle for existence. From now on the worker has no other task but to fight for the future of the Lumpen breed. Unconsciously he is harnessed to the service of the power, which he thinks he is combating. 
The Lumpen approaches the worker and gains his confidence by feigning pity with his fate and even indignation at his lot of misery and poverty. He takes pains to study the various real or imaginary hardships of his life and to arouse in him a longing for change. With infinite shrewdness he fans the need for social justice, into hatred against those who have been better favored by fortune. He gives the struggle for the elimination of social evils a very definite philosophical stamp by establishing the animalist doctrine. By presenting it as inseparably bound up with a number of socially just demands, he promotes its spread. The animalist encourages hatred toward decent animals who strive to fulfill demands which, seem from the outset unjust and impossible to fulfill. Under this cloak of purely social ideas truly diabolic purposes are hidden. Yes, they are publicly proclaimed with the most insolent frankness. This theory represents an inseparable mixture of reason and madness, but always in such a way that only the lunacy can become reality and never the reason. By the categorical rejection of the personality and hence of the nation and its racial content, it destroys the elementary foundations of all animal culture which is dependent on just these factors. This is the true substance of the animalist philosophy in so far as this figment of a criminal brain can be designated as a 'philosophy.' 
With the shattering of the personality and the breed, the essential obstacle is removed to the domination of the inferior being, the Lumpen. Precisely in political and economic madness lies the sense of this doctrine. For this prevents all truly intelligent animals from entering its service, while those who are intellectually less active and poorly educated in economics hasten to it with flying colors. Even this movement needs intellectuals for its existence, so they are sacrificed by the Lumpen from his own ranks. Thus there arises a pure movement entirely of manual workers under Lumpen leadership. Their apparent aim is to improve the situation of the worker. But in truth they work for the enslavement and destruction of all non-Lumpen breeds. The general pacifistic paralysis of the national instinct of self-preservation is transmitted to the broad masses. 
Added to these two weapons comes a third and by far the most terrible, the organization of brute force. As a shock and storm troop, animalism is intended to finish off what the preparatory softening up with the first two weapons has made ripe for collapse. The shrewd Lumpen takes the oppressed animals under his wing. Gradually he becomes the leader of the trade-union movement. He is not interested in eliminating social evils in an honest sense, but only in training an economic storm troop, blindly devoted to him, with which to destroy the national economic independence. 
The conduct of a healthy social policy will consistently move between the aims of preserving the national health on the one hand and safeguarding an independent national economy on the other. But for the Lumpen struggle, these two criteria cease to exist. He desires, not the preservation of an independent national economy, rather its destruction. Consequently, no pangs of conscience can prevent him as a leader of the trade-union movement from raising demands that overshoot the goal. The fulfillment of these demands is either impossible for practical purposes or means the ruin of the national economy. Moreover, he desires to bring forward a broken-down herd of animals capable of being subjugated. When he raises demands of the most senseless kind he knows full well their practical fulfillment is impossible. His motive is not to bring about an improvement in social conditions but to ignite a wild incitement of the masses. He circulates propaganda adapted to the intellectual horizon of the least educated animals. Its function is not to lead animals out of the swamp of a base mentality, but to cater to their lowest instincts. Since the masses are as mentally lazy as they are presumptuous, the results are speculative. The propagandists wage a fanatical and slanderous struggle to tear down everything, which can be regarded as a support of cultural elevation. Above all, it hammers away at the characters of all those whose ability and genius in themselves seem a danger to the Lumpen. 
To be hated by the Lumpen it is not necessary to combat him. It suffices if he suspects that someone might even conceive of combating him in the future. His hostility is assured to anyone who is not spirit of his spirit. Since the Lumpen is the attacker anyone who resists him passes as his enemy. The means used to break such reckless but upright souls is not honest warfare, but lies and slander. Here he stops at nothing to destroy his enemy. The ignorance of the broad masses about the inner nature of the Lumpen, make the resister an easy victim for the campaign of lies.
Cowardice causes the upper classes to turn their backs on the attacked animal while the broad masses stupidly believe the lies. Fear of the animalist weapon descends like a nightmare on the minds of decent animals. They tremble before the terrible enemy thus becoming his final victim. State domination now seems so assured that he can openly call himself a Lumpen again. He ruthlessly admits his ultimate national and political designs. A section of his breed brazenly owns itself to be a foreign species. It is a sign of their rising confidence that at a time when one section is still playing the Cuyamongan, Fostorian, or Klieven, the other has the audacity to come out as the Lumpen breed.
How close they see approaching victory is reflected by the hideous manner in which relations with other species takes on. With wicked joy in his face, the Lumpen youth lurks in wait for the unsuspecting female. He defiles her with his blood, thus stealing her from her breed. With every means he tries to destroy the racial foundations of the breed he has set out to subjugate. Just as he himself systematically ruins female animals, he does not shrink back from pulling down the blood barriers for others on a large scale. It was the Lumpen who brought the mixed breed into Cuyamonga, with the clear aim of ruining the hated Thoroghbred Feline breed. He presumed to throw it down from its cultural and political height in order to rise as its master. However a racially pure breed that is conscious of its blood can never be enslaved by the Lumpen. In this world he will forever be master over bastards and bastards alone. And so he tries systematically to lower the racial level by a continuous poisoning of individuals. In the organized mass of animalism he has found the weapon that lets him dispense with democracy and in its stead allows him to subjugate and govern the animals with a dictatorial and brutal claw.
He systematically works for revolution. Thanks to his international influence he weaves a net of enemies around species who offer too violent a resistance to attack from within. He incites them to war then plants the flag of revolution on the very battlefields. In economics he undermines the states until the social enterprises are taken from the state and subjected to his financial control. In the political field he refuses the state means for its self-preservation. He destroys the foundations of all national self-maintenance and defense. He destroys faith in the leadership, scoffs at its history, and drags everything that is truly great into the gutter. Culturally he makes a mockery of natural feeling. He overthrows all concepts of beauty, sublimity, nobility or goodness. He instead drags animals down into the sphere of his own base nature. Tradition is ridiculed, morality defined as obsolete, until the last frame work of a nation in its struggle for existence have fallen.
Now begins the final revolution. In gaining political power the Lumpen casts off the few cloaks that he still wears. The democratic animal's Lumpen becomes the blood-Lumpen and tyrant over breeds. He exterminates the national intelligentsia. Robbing the animals of their natural intellectual leadership makes them ripe for the slave's lot of permanent subjugation. 
Kliev offers the most frightful example of this kind. Here the Lumpen killed or starved about thirty million animals with positively fanatical savagery in order to dominate a great breed. The end is not only the end of the freedom of the animals oppressed by the Lumpen, but also the end of the parasite himself. After the death of his victim, the parasite sooner or later dies too. 
If we review all the causes of the former Cuyamongan collapse, the most decisive remains the failure to recognize the racial problem and especially the Lumpen menace. In heedlessly ignoring the question of the preservation of the racial foundations of our breed, the old rulers disregarded the sole right, which gives life in this world. Animals that allow themselves to be bastardized, sin against the will of Nature. When their ruin is encompassed by a stronger enemy it is not an injustice done to them, but only the restoration of justice. If a breed no longer wants to respect the Nature-given qualities of its being, which is rooted in its blood, it has no further right to complain over the loss of its earthly existence. Everything on this earth is capable of improvement. Every defeat can become the father of a subsequent victory. Every lost war can become the cause of a later resurgence. Every oppression can bring about the forces for a new spiritual rebirth as long as the blood is preserved pure. The lost purity of the blood alone destroys inner happiness plunging animal forever into an abyss.

Hannibal hadnt directly answered any questions regarding the alleged atrocities and the chairman didnt even get to inquire about the secret weapon. Nevertheless he had used up all of his allotted time and even went overtime. Leaving the chairman in a state of confusion Hannibal turned and walked off the stage in the same way I had done earlier. A jolt of terror shot through me as I thought I noticed Hannibal glance at me with the corners of his mouth raised ever so slightly. It happened so quickly that even to this day Im not completely convinced that it wasnt just my imagination.

At lunch while my comrades ate, I found myself unconsciously thinking about Sabrina. I had decided that despite the humiliation I would no doubt have to undergo, I would tell her that I only wanted to be her friend. I reasoned that being only her friend was better than no relationship at all. I didnt know how I would handle seeing her with other suitors but I convinced myself that the humiliation was worth bearing. Who knows, perhaps there would be a future opening in which she may give me another opportunity. All at once I was seized with self-loathing. Its all so degrading! I thought to myself. 

Like the previous day, my comrades quickly devoured their meals while I slowly ate mine. As I anticipated, they departed early leaving me by myself. Frantically I began to look around me. Sabrina was nowhere to be found. As I sulkily turned back around to finish my meal I gave a start. Sabrina was sitting right in front of me. All at once I began going over in my head prepared words while at the same time readying myself for the accompanying shame. To my great surprise Sabrina spoke first. 

Christopher, Ive decided to give you another chance. I may have overreacted yesterday. If you still want to, Ill allow you to be with me. 

Her words struck me like a bolt of lightning. My face lit up and immediately the idea of being only friends seemed so absurd that I discarded it vehemently. 

Yes. Of course I do! I exclaimed. 

She smiled. 

Your cute, she replied stroking my whiskers. Meet me in room number nine after the afternoon session. We should be able to talk without being disturbed. 

I really did not expect this. I was suddenly so happy that I felt the need to offer her a token of my affection. I began to recount to her all of my innermost feelings, the way that I had suffered as a result of her rejection, even my decision to only be her friend. The thought occurred to me that she may despise me because of these confessions but I was so happy I couldnt help myself. Sabrina affectionately pressed my paw. 

Ill see you this afternoon, she said. Dont keep me waiting. 

The hours of the afternoon session passed as though they were only a few minutes. After the final speech, I found an excuse to break away from my comrades and made a beeline for room number nine. I was walking on air as I entered the room where Sabrina instructed me to meet her. I couldnt help but be amazed at the change in my mood as a result of Sabrinas message. Is animal really that fickle? I thought. Matters of extreme importance to animalkind are being decided at this time. For better or worse the consequences of these decisions will likely affect all animals for generations to come. And yet, after receiving a few encouraging words from Sabrina nothing else seems to matter. The world can solve its own problems. I wasnt sure whether I should laugh or cry. I suddenly began laughing. 

Animal is not a serious creature, I said aloud. These matters arent going to be solved by him. 

As I was saying this, the door began to open. Its Sabrina, I thought and my heart began to beat rapidly. Grinning widely, I opened my mouth to speak when suddenly I gave a start. I didnt think it was possible for my heart to beat any faster than it already was, in anticipation of seeing the object of my love. I was proved wrong as adrenaline shot through my veins and caused my heart rate to double. Terror gripped me as I all at once found myself cornered with no way out under the icy gaze of Field Marshal Hannibal. At this close range his large blue eyes proved to be more overwhelming than ever. With his eyes locked on mine he spoke. 

I realize you werent expecting to meet me here but I thought I would take this opportunity for you and I to have a little chat. 

With strenuous effort I forced myself to speak. 

Where is Sabrina? If youve hurt her Ill 

Youll what? interrupted Hannibal. 

After a long pause he continued. 

All your questions will be answered in due time, but first let me ask you a question Commander. What did you think of my speech? 

A sense of danger filled my mind as I remembered Niccolos warning to never listen to the speciests. However this feeling was soon replaced with an even greater feeling of curiosity. I suddenly realized that if I was going to attempt to understand the thinking of a dedicated speciest, I could choose no better subject than Field Marshall Hannibal. 

You made an interesting hypothesis but I dont agree with all the conclusions you reached. 

For the first time Hannibal departed from his serious demeanor. He chuckled and rolled his eyes. 

Hypothesis? Zarathustra deals in reality my friend. Not fantasy. You have to admit the reality of your own eyes. If nature wanted us to mix, why did she make such strong barriers separating one being from another? Have you never asked yourself this question? Strenuous effort is required to go against these barriers and the result of this extra labor is not stronger but weaker beings. You have allowed your mind to be poisoned by this idea that it is possible to overcome nature. 

I seriously pondered his argument as I could see the sincerity in his terrifying eyes. I asked, 

Has that really been proved? I asked. You say that mixing breeds produces weak beings but in what ways are they weaker? From what Ive seen they have the same capacity for growth as the so-called pure breed. 

I shrugged. 

Are there mentally and physically deficient mixed breeds? Of course there are. But I dont believe this has to do with their blood. There are other factors at work including neglect of proper education and poor living conditions. In any event according to what I have seen, the same deficiencies exist in the so-called pure breed. 

Indignantly, Hannibal began to raise his voice. 

That is not true! The Thoroughbred Feline has no deficiencies! 

He regained his composure. 

Im asking you to think logically. Zarathustra believes in you. He has been following your progress ever since you first set paw in Cuyamonga. He believes that you are meant for great things. You are wasting your talents with the animalists. There are only three groups you can be a part of. They are the culture founders, culture bearers and culture destroyers. We are the founders of all higher animal culture. Currently you are aligned with the culture destroyers. 

Hannibal reached out his paw pleadingly. 

I implore you to wake up. Look around you. Come over to Zarathustras side before it is too late. 

Again I was impressed with the genuineness of Hannibals attempt to convert me. It seemed as if he really believed everything he was saying to me. The type of animal I always imagined believing in speciest philosophy was someone who was mentally inferior. But standing before me was a cat with an above average intelligence and yet he appeared to be a true believer. 

What does Zarathustra want with me? I asked. Doesnt he know Im a mixed breed? I added remembering Sabrinas words. 

Hannibal grinned. 

Christopher, he said, using my name for the first time. I want to let you in on a little secret. 

Hannibal paused, with his icy blue eyes intently fixed upon me. 

Zarathustra is not a pure breed feline. His mind is pure but his body has been defiled as a result of his ancestors lack of vigilance. Zarathustra understands that in these early stages of ethnic cleansing, the most important factor is that you have a pure mind. 

Hannibal squinted at me. 

Imagine yourself united with Sabrina. With her pure blood your children would be of much stronger stock than if you were to mate with a sub-animal. As long as your offspring strictly followed natures rigid rules eventually the Thoroughbred Feline would emerge in your lineage. 

I inadvertently wrinkled my brow. Hannibal picked up on this.

Or if you change your mind and no longer want Sabrina, you can have your pick of whatever pure bred beauty you want. 

I found this conversation rather distasteful. I thought, If specieism is a morally superior philosophy than why are you tempting me with sensual desires? 

Im flattered that Zarathustra thinks so highly of me, I said after a brief pause. But I owe it to the common animal to stay the course. 

At this Hannibal began to laugh sardonically. 

Do you really think that the animalists are doing anything beneficial for the common animal? he retorted. You dont even have a proper understanding of him. You feel that the way we handle the Lumpen is cruel. What you fail to see is that the current societal structure in Lumpenproletria is just as perfect as the societal structure in Cuyamonga. The only reason the Lumpens appear to be dissatisfied is because pacifists and animalists fill their heads with ridiculous ideas. They constantly compare their conditions with those of the Thoroughbred Feline. This is an unfair comparison because they are not equal beings. These comparisons can only result in frustration for the Lumpen as he vainly strives for the impossible. 

I had heard about all I could stomach of this repulsive speech. 

Thats enough! I exclaimed. 

Hannibal was a bit taken aback. I continued. 

The Lumpen is every bit as much an animal as the Cuyamongan. All animals are created equal. 

Hannibal grinned and took a few steps toward me. He began wringing his paws together. 

Why is it so hard for you to believe that some breeds are inferior to others? he asked. Earlier you admitted that animals could be affected by environmental factors like education and living conditions. I suppose its your contention that the prevalent birth defects and mental illnesses reported in Lumpenproleteria are as a result of this? 

It is, I responded. 

Hannibal went on. 

So If we were to take the entire population of Lumpens and transfer them to Cuyamonga and similarly transport all of the Cuyamongans to Lumpenproletria according to your theory we would immediately see a reversal in the conditions of both breeds? 

Well, I pondered. I dont believe the change would be immediate. I imagine the role reversal could take a few generations. 

Hannibals eyes widened. 

Oh? But why wouldnt the expected change be immediate? 

Well, I said. The damage done to the individual may be irreversible but the damage done to the breed can be corrected with young healthy future generations. 

All at once Hannibal began pointing at me accusingly just as he had done in my dream the other night. A tremor of fear passed through me. 

Youre trying to have it both ways, he accused. Is it the environmental factors or the blood that determines the outcome of the breed? 

I knitted my brow. I had a feeling that I was being duped but I couldnt immediately work out the deception. Before I had an opportunity to respond Hannibal continued his assault. 

What about my argument concerning idealism and the willingness of the Thoroughbred Feline to sacrifice himself for the community? The Lumpen would never do this. 

Exasperated I asserted myself. 

First of all, the animalists seem just as ready to sacrifice themselves for the cause as do the speciests. In fact this seems to be the one ideology that both groups agree upon. They can barely wait for the first opportunity to throw their lives away for a good cause. Secondly, Im not convinced that this willingness to die represents idealism at all. In fact it seems like a tremendous waste. 

Now it was Hannibals turn to frown. 

Are you saying you dont see the beauty in the sacrificial death of the noble Thoroughbred Feline for his country? 

No, I passively replied. I dont. I think his time would be better spent trying to understand life. And this idea of nobility that you speciests have What makes the early Thoroughbred Feline noble but the Lumpen of today primitive? The more I think about it the more similarities I see between the two breeds. 

Hannibals mouth dropped slightly open. Stepping closer to me he wrinkled his nose and bore his fangs. I looked around frantically but there was nowhere to run to. Hannibal gradually regained his composure. 

I told Zarathustra this would be a waste of time, he muttered to himself. 

He threateningly looked at me. 

Animal is something to be overcome! The industrial revolution and necessity of war impelled us to our current level of modernity. We need to move to the next level even if it means a blood bath! 

He then sneered. 

You animalists are all alike. Your doctrine is a mixture of ninety percent reason and ten percent madness. Socrates fools his listeners into becoming believers by laying bare the inner workings of society to the minutest detail. After he builds a rock solid foundation of trust by revealing mysterious truths, his followers are then ready to accept whatever conclusion he comes up with. Socrates conclusions are so fantastical that under normal circumstances one would have to suspend their reason in order to accept it. His followers are all too willing to do this as they have been conditioned to swallow his lies hook line and sinker. I have been sent to deliver a message and I have delivered it. Just remember. Our side will be victorious whether you decide to join us or not. You can let us know your decision on the battlefield. If you join us when we invade the Union of Animals then Zarathustra will know where you stand. However if you stay with Socrates and oppose Zarathustra, you will be wiped out along with the rest of the Union. Think about it! 

Hannibal turned and walked out of the room. I stood in place for some time after he left waiting for my heart rate to return to normal. 

The concluding days of the conference were relatively uneventful. Motions were made and seconded, resolutions were signed and empty threats were issued. I was surprised to find out how little difference the conference actually made. The world seemed to be satisfied that change would soon take place. Just from my limited experience however, I knew that conditions in Lumpenproleteria would get worse before they got any better. If the Lumpen were waiting for the rest of the world with their comfortably heated homes and regular meals to intervene, they would be waiting a long time. 

As I started the long trek back to Fostoria a strange mix of emotions competed for dominance in my mind. Among these emotions was an unmistakable sense of pride. Remembering Molly, the idea occurred to me that I was juggling two females at the same time. Though I had many dilemmas yet to work out, I found myself cheerfully humming a melody that had emerged in my head. I began to look about. This is Lumpenproleteria that I am passing through, I thought. But for some reason life doesnt appear quite as grim as before. The sun was rising and bathed everything around me with a beautiful glow. Despite the occasional passing odor of decaying matter, early in the day the air smelled relatively fresh. Lumpens were bustling about, intently focused on their concerns of the day. I sighed. 

I wonder if they will ever fully appreciate the great strides that we are making for their benefit? 

Cheerfully I wandered across the occupied lands reflecting on life and thinking about what I would say to Molly. Suddenly a voice startled me. 

Someone is certainly pleased with himself. 

I looked up to see an old St. Bernard gazing down at me with a large smile on his wrinkled face. This comment was said in such a good-natured manner that I couldnt help but smile. 

Oh, Im sorry, I said. Sometimes Im in my own world. I guess I was enchanted by the loveliness of the day. 

The dog slightly lifted one of his thick brows. 

It is a lovely day. Isnt it? Most animals these days dont even notice. 

Something struck me about this dog. I had a strange impression that I already knew him from somewhere. 

You should be careful passing through this region, I warned. It can be dangerous for visitors. 

The old dog laughed.

Im no visitor. I live here. Im a Lumpen. 

A feeling of embarrassment seized me. 

Im sorry. I didnt mean 

But my words failed me. 

Its alright, the dog reassured me. I try to never take offense. Life is too short to waste it by waiting for apologies. Besides I believe we expect far too much from animal. 

His words surprised me. There was profoundness in his philosophy that fascinated me. Based on my experiences, I found it hard to believe that these were Lumpen ideas. I began to peer at him wonderingly. 

Have we met before? I asked. 

Yes, he replied. We met last week when you were on your way to the peace conference. You offered me a donation. Remember? I hope I didnt offend you with my refusal. Sometimes extreme measures need to be taken in order to cultivate self control. 

I had absolutely no idea what he was talking about nevertheless I stood flabbergasted. I suddenly realized that this was the same Lumpen that I had offered money to, before the conference. I could now see that his outward appearance was the same but some interior quality had transformed the old St. Bernard making him unrecognizable. He was like a completely different animal. 

By the way, he continued. How did the conference turn out? 

Remembering all of my vacillating in support for the cause, I struggled on how to make a reply. Staring at the ground I reluctantly responded. 

It went well. 

The old dog peered at me intently with large dark brown eyes. 

Youre probably being approached by various animals who have taken a sudden interest in you. Theyre offering to show you a better view of life. 

Startled I looked up at the old Lumpen. How did he know that? I wondered. He gently placed his paw on my shoulder. 

You have a rare sincerity about you that attracts curiosity. Just remember Christopher, you always have a choice. 

He sighed heavily. 

Well Im sure Ive taken up enough of your time. Id better be off. 

As the mysterious old St. Bernard turned to walk away I stood motionless steeped in thought. I was left with the unshakeable idea that perhaps there was much more to the Lumpen than I had ever imagined.



Chapter 8 - Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal. - Leo Tolstoy

Upon leaving Lumpenproleteria I spotted something strange just outside Fostorias border. It appeared to be a mound of waste that someone had discarded. Flies busily swarmed around the mass. All at once I gave a start. The mass appeared to move slightly. With knots in my stomach I slowly approached the object, which now appeared to be a bundle of sticks wrapped in some sort of covering. Suddenly I began shaking with horror. The realization struck me that I was gazing at a person. The sticks were bones and the covering was skin, which clung to the tiny frame of what was once a cat. I could hardly believe my eyes. I was immediately reminded of the starved captive Vlad and I had seen in Cuyamonga. Without warning the emaciated animal attempted to speak. 

Christopher? it whispered. 

It knew my name. 

Dont you recognize me? Its Hector. 

My heart sank. 

What did they do to you? They promised me you would be freed. 

I could see the outline of Hectors rib cage as his chest slowly moved up and down. 

Freed? he gasped. Yes Im about to be freed. The freedom march took longer than they expected it to. I lingered on as all the others were freed along the way. Assured of my fate my capturers grew tired of waiting for my freedom so they threw me out here to experience it alone. 

Hector tried lifting his paw towards me but his strength failed and his paw dropped. I quickly reached out and gripped it. 

Christopher? whispered Hector. Im afraid to face freedom alone. Please stay with me. 

Moved with emotion I began to silently sob. I would never have thought that Hector would desire my company at a time like this. He always considered me as the enemy responsible for his downfall. Its strange how matters that seemed so important to us in life suddenly seem so insignificant at death. The most important thing to Hector right now, I pondered. is that another living being stay with him and understand his sorrow. After a prolonged period of silence he finally looked up at me. 

Being ruler was more important to me than anything else in the world. I would have gladly paid any price to stay in power. He gasped. But its not worth it, you know. What I wouldnt give for a chance to do things differently. 

Those were Hectors last words. His body began to jerk. His limbs twitched. After a short interval he became completely still. I dont remember exactly how long I stood there brooding over my intended course of action but it was a considerable period of time. Something seemed to be changing within me. I couldnt quite articulate what that change was, but it felt like I was reaching some sort of turning point. 

It wasnt supposed to be like this, I reflected. I could expect this kind of behavior from the speciests, but how can this be the work of a society built on equality? 

Before I was even sure about where I was heading I bounded onto my paws and burst forth into Fostoria. My mind was racing just as fast as my limbs. Filled with rage I thought of Truth and Justice. With determination I ran towards the creek on the east side of Fostoria. Upon arriving I expected to immediately see the porcupine that had originally warned me about the purgers. Didnt he say he could always be found by the creek? I reflected. Where is he? I searched desperately for my key witness. If I was going to bring forth an accusation against the purgers, I couldnt show up with my paws empty. Suddenly I spotted a fox off in the distance. He was one of the comrades present when the original charge was brought forth. 

Whoa comrade! I yelled. Wheres our friend the porcupine. I need to find he and his friend Lucky at once. There is extremely important business we need to discuss. 

I wish I could help you Commander, the fox replied. But no one seems to know where he is. The last time I saw him was that day he gave you his testimonial. Its strange because he is always by the creek. 

I frowned. 

What does this mean? I muttered. 

 On an impulse I turned without saying a word and darted back to the creek. I ran down stream until I arrived at the location where my friend Chauncey had been interrogated. The rope which held him lay alongside the bottom of the tree but my friend was nowhere in sight. I wasnt really surprised on not seeing Chauncey still tied to the tree nevertheless the disappearance of the porcupine caused me to feel agitated. I went over the disappearances in my mind. 

First Rizzo, then the porcupine and now Chauncey. Who knows how many more animals might be missing? This is my responsibility. I thought. I got the citizens of Fostoria into this mess. I have to get them out of it. 

Resolutely I headed toward the purge site. Upon arriving I saw Truth and Justice standing outside of the interrogation tents. Truth had his back facing me but Justice spotted me a long way off. He scowled bitterly as I approached. He was wearing a neck brace and a sling on one of his arms. With the other arm he was leaning on a stick to support himself. Noticing my arrival, Truth turned and faced me as well. I was astonished at Justices appearance. 

What happened to you? 

Both cats sneered and bore their teeth. 

What did you think was going to happen when you snitched to Niccolo? hissed Justice. This is all your doing. 

I was taken aback. Considering all Id been through, I thought nothing more could surprise me. I was wrong. Is this my doing? I thought. Shaking my head I decided to deal with that question later. I had enough on my plate as it was. 

I am the Commander and the ruler of Fostoria! I exclaimed. I am dissatisfied with the work you have been doing. From this point on you are officially relieved of duty. I will take over the handling of the purge until I can find a suitable replacement. 

The twins stood their ground and silently glared at me. 

Did you hear me? I shouted. Youre fired! 

At this point a large dog ran up to us. 

Im afraid we cant allow you to do that, declared Truth passively. 

Arrest these two for treason! I ordered the dog. They are now enemies of the state! 

The dog furled his brow as if he were conflicted. 

I know about Hector and the disappearing of animals! I declared. 

The Siamese twins glanced at one another.  

Keep your voice down! Justice whispered. Do you want to create a panic? Have you ever witnessed a stampede? You want to fire us? Fine. But first we want to show you something. 

They turned and motioned for the dog and me to follow. We entered the woods and silently marched for hundreds of paces. I had a nagging feeling that I was marching to my own execution. Nevertheless, curiosity would not allow me to turn back. Finally we emerged from the brush and found ourselves standing near the edge of the canyon looking out over the Lumpenproleterian Valley. With his good arm, Justice made a gesture towards another part of the woods. Immediately another dog emerged and a thin black and white cat accompanied him. The cat looked familiar to me. My eyes slightly widened as I realized it was Bruno from the interrogation I had witnessed. Truth now displayed something I had seen him pick up as we were making our way through the woods. 

Do you know what this is? he asked. This is a piece of stone slab that our construction workers use to build fortifications. Obviously this is a key part of the wall, but do you think the entire fortification will collapse with the removal of just one stone? 

Bruno was now standing alongside us with his guard just behind him. Brunos appearance was altered since the last time I had seen him. His anxiety seemed to be gone and his eyes were dim. 

Over time, continued Truth, some of the bricks deteriorate and weaken. We then have the choice to either repair the damaged brick or 

All at once Truth hurled the stone over the edge of the canyon. Everyones eyes followed the stone, as it seemed to tumble in slow motion down into the depths of the canyon. 

Or we can replace the stone. After all they are not hard to come by. There is nothing more common. They can be found anywhere. 

Justice nodded and the guard dog lifted up Bruno by the neck and held him suspended over the edge of the canyon. My heart rate began to accelerate. 

Do you remember Bruno? Truth continued. 

I looked over at the suspended cat who appeared just as apathetic as before. 

Since the interrogation that you witnessed, Bruno here has confessed to many crimes against the state. As the Commander and the ruler of Fostoria, what do you think we should do with him? 

I swallowed nervously. 

Do you get the point? continued Truth. Were not afraid of him! Just as one damaged brick cannot bring down a wall, one enemy combatant cannot bring down the Union of Animals! 

All of the courage I had brought along with me in preparation for the confrontation had suddenly vanished. 

Since you are now taking charge of the purge, instruct us! shouted Justice. As far as Im concerned he can be reeducated and put back into society but if you want we can easily replace him. After all there are plenty more where he came from. 

The dog appeared to be loosening his grip on Bruno. 

Wait! Thats not a brick! I exclaimed. Youll kill him! 

The purgers began to laugh. 

So what? Truth sneered. Its just an animal. He is going to die eventually anyways. We all are. Well, whats it going to be? 

I groaned deeply within myself. 

All right! I finally exclaimed. You can continue your work! Just pull him back in! 

Are you sure? Truth asked scornfully. So you want us to rehabilitate him? 

Yes! I screamed. Just pull him in! 

Justice nodded at the guard and Bruno was pulled back in and set down safely on the ground. 

Well, if thats what you want, said Truth. After all, you are the Commander.

I walked away from this confrontation just relieved to be alive. The, not so veiled threat that Truth and Justice had just directed at me was distressing. They obviously were letting me know the lengths they were willing to go, to have things their way. I no longer felt safe in Fostoria. 

I walked then ran in the direction of Lumpenproleteria. As I ran, I sensed someone following me. I stopped and ducked behind a tree. Faintly I thought I could hear nearby branches rustling. I waited with an ominous feeling hanging over me. Did I really hear that? I thought. Or was it just my fancy? After I was satisfied that the danger had passed I got up and continued my flight. Finally I reached Lumpenproleteria. I searched for the spot where Hector had been laying but he was gone. Someone must have moved him. Aimlessly I walked for hours. Eventually the feeling that I was being followed returned to me. I glanced behind me and spotted a black cat and a white cat seated about one hundred yards away watching me. Alarmed, I plunged into the shadows of a large hollowed out log and began weeping profusely. I gripped my head and grinded my teeth. I began developing an ever-increasing feeling that none of this could be real. My entire life suddenly seemed like a nightmare that I would be awakening from at any moment. I resolved to stay where I was, venting until my tears ran dry. I think secretly I was also hoping that I was correct in the new idea that this was all just a dream that I would soon be awakening from. After a considerable period of time I was satisfied that I was not dreaming after all. Therefore I decided to continue on my way. 

When I emerged from my hiding place I noticed that the spies who were following me had moved on. I walked confusedly throughout Lumpenproleteria. The grim appearance of the place had returned. The sunrise glow was gone and the air was stagnant. In a trance I was shuffling along in no particular direction when all of a sudden I looked up in alarm. The two cats that were following me earlier were now stationed ahead of me at some distance. I turned to run but ran smack dab into someone and fell onto my back.  Leaping onto my paws I stood erect. Frantically I turned to see that the two cats were now gone. I was genuinely spooked but remembering that I had collided with someone I quickly turned to make sure they were all right. When I reached over to assist the elderly dog I had just toppled I suddenly realized who it was. It was the old St. Bernard that I had spoken to upon leaving the conference. 

Am I glad to see you! I exclaimed. 

Before I realized what I was doing I was embracing the old Lumpen. After all Id recently been through, it was nice to finally see a friendly face. Surprisingly the old dog just hugged me back as if I was his long lost grandson and we were being reunited for the first time. 

Im sorry I knocked you down, I said. 

Thats ok. No harm no foul. Were you running from those two cats that were just ahead? 

You saw them too? I asked excitedly. 

It was reassuring to know that someone else had seen them. For a moment I doubted whether they were real or if I was just cracking up. 

Yes I saw them. Who are they? asked the dog. 

Theyre spies, I resolutely replied. 

I was convinced of it. But I just wasnt sure whom they were working for. It could be either Zarathustra or Socrates and really it didnt matter because I had begun to develop a distrust of them both. The old St. Bernard smiled. 

Now why would someone send spies after a nice young cat like you? 

I tried hard to hold back the tears but my emotions got the better of me. 

Whats wrong? asked the old dog with a look of concern on his face. 

I couldnt hold it in any longer. I began to open up my heart and confess what was plaguing me. 

I just dont understand why life has to be so complicated, I sobbed. For as long as I can remember I have believed that all animals are equal and should be treated equally. Thats why I joined the animalists. But the more I get acquainted with the common animal the more I realize how little I really know about him. Im also finding out how little I know about myself. 

I briefly paused but the old dog didnt respond. He just listened closely with an attentive expression and compassionate eyes. I went on. 

I guess what Im afraid to find out is that I was wrong all along. Maybe all animals are not equals. Maybe Im not equal. 

Again I paused briefly and in the back of my mind I thought, Should I be confessing these things to him? Earlier he said there was something about me that attracts curiosity. So far everyone who has approached me offering friendship has wanted something from me in return. I wonder what he wants? Surprisingly, the dog made no attempt to force his way into the conversation. He just compassionately listened until he was sure I was finished venting. 

What has me so befuddled, I declared, is this speech I heard from Field Marshal Hannibal. I dont believe all of the evidence he presented but I have to admit I was surprised by the amount of research he used to defend his argument. It wasnt just a blind, ignorant, hatred filled mind that was at work. I perceived sincerity in him. Im convinced that his ideas were the product of a great mental struggle. 

I paused. I had grown accustomed to having my expressions interrupted by others opinions. To be able to express myself for an extended period of time without interruption was a welcome change. 

Dont get me wrong, I interjected. Theres plenty of hatred in his mind. Especially for the Lumpen. What could make one animal hate a breed so passionately? 

Not waiting for an answer I continued. 

Something else has been weighing heavily on my mind. I think Im in love. But love isnt how I imagined it would be. Im probably not even making sense right now but I dont know how else to explain it. 

The old dog slightly lifted his brow but said nothing. He just continued listening. 

Finally, I said after taking a deep breath. My friends are missing. They have disappeared and I suspect the animalists have something to do with it. If this is true than it means that the organization that I believed was rooted in equality is a sham. If that is true does it mean that their philosophy is also a lie? Is equality a lie? That, I concluded with out stretched paws, is whats wrong. 

Well, said the old dog after a brief reflection. I dont know much about philosophy or politics but I have learned a few lessons in life. You see. Ive been around a long time. Im willing to share the little bit of knowledge I have. Who knows? You might be able to use something. 

He began to rub his rough paws together while he silently reflected. 

The area currently known as Lumpenproleteria did not always go by this name, he said finally. No one remembers what the original name was but it is remembered that domesticated settlers gave it the current name. As far as what Field Marshal Hannibal had to say about Lumpens? I dont know about that. But what I do know, Ill tell you. The inhabitants of what is now called Lumpenproleteria have been categorized into a breed first by speciest scientists and now by the rest of the world. However these scientists have made unusual exceptions with regard to the standards of how animals are classified. For this reason, only in Lumpenproleteria can you find dogs, cats, rabbits, and birds all classified as one breed. The argument made is that though outwardly they appear different, they all have identical brains. Since no one can remove their brain and have a look at it there is no way to disprove this theory. Even if it could be proved that Lumpens are identical on the inside, to many it seems suspicious that whenever any animal is seen as an enemy of the state they are all at once discovered to have Lumpen blood.  

So there is no real Lumpen breed? I asked in amazement. Its all an invention? 

The old dog meditated. 

Well, according to legend, there was once a breed of animals called Lumpen. They were merchants because this is the only vocation they were allowed to engage in. They were resourceful and thrived despite not being allowed to possess land. Lumpenproleterias current inhabitants and the Cuyamongans actually share the same likelihood of having blood ties with this original breed. Over generations theres been so much cross-breeding and migration that its impossible to claim any pure blood line. 

I found this history very interesting. 

What was this original breed like? Is there any truth to what Hannibal said about them? 

The old St. Bernard smiled and patiently. 

Ive told you all I know about the past and about what Ive been told. I can tell you much more about the so-called Lumpen of today. Since Ive lived in this land something that has always interested me is the large amount of animals churned in and out of Lumpenproleteria between Cuyamonga and the Union of Animals. These animals, after suddenly becoming sub-animals are exiled to Lumpenproleteria. They are then rehabilitated back into society but dont ever seem to form a firm grasp of their respective philosophy. I say this because many times an animal finds himself churned into the opposite camp and lives there for long periods of time. One would expect them to have a hard time adjusting to a new way of thinking that is supposed to be the polar opposite of their former way of thinking. However, this rarely happens. They live on without there being, a significant contradiction of purpose in their lives. 

Unexpectedly I caught a snippet of conversation from some passing Lumpens that momentarily distracted me from listening to the old dog. 

So then they said we was all like evolved from the same animal and that. I dont remember what else but We was forcibly like homogenized or something. 

Thats right! added another voice. So the revolution is gonna like, free us. 

Imll be ready for that! the first voice put in. 

Me too! responded his friend. 

I brought my attention back to the wise old dog and momentarily forgot that he was a Lumpen. 

Whats the matter with them? I asked. Why is the Lumpen mind so ignorant? 

I didnt realize until much later after reflecting on the conversation that this question must have been seen as offensive. I certainly meant know offense by it. I was just so comfortable in speaking with the St. Bernard that I wasnt watching my words. Apparently taking no offense the old dog responded. 

Well, thats a broad subject. I believe the answer has less to do with the Lumpen mind and more to do with the mind in general. 

The St Bernard gazed at me with intensity. 

Like I said earlier, Im no scientist. But from observations made over the course of many years I have reached some interesting conclusions about the mind. I started out by observing the differences in the actions of various animals. Actions that seemed deplorable to some animals were acceptable to others but at the same time these latter animals found other actions deplorable that the former animals found acceptable. I asked myself why is there such a difference in the morals of these animals if they are of the same species? I finally concluded that every mind has a standard set for what it considers acceptable behavior. If an animals actions go against these standards the animal is then severely tortured by his own mind. This mental torture is not a quality of life that can be adapted to. A change must take place in order for the mind and body to continue to survive together. The animal must either lower his standards to meet his actions or he must work to make his actions conform to his standards. In either case the results are the same. You get animals with differing behavior but with the same level of acceptability. 

I listened to all of this with great interest. It still didnt dawn on me that I was being instructed by a Lumpen. The dog made an inquiring gesture with his paw. 

What do you think would happen if the animals were no longer allowed to change their behavior? 

What do you mean? I asked in confusion. I thought you said that it wasnt possible to adapt to the mental punishment of the mind? The animal must change his actions in order to survive. 

The old Lumpen suddenly appeared sad. He sighed heavily while gazing at the ground. 

Yes, he said, And survival is the minds first priority. 

All at once he looked at me with inquiring eyes. 

Consider this scenario, he said. What if animals were put in a closed environment and put under a great deal of stress to go against the standards set by their own mind. Lets say they were then prevented by force from making changes in their behavior. What do you think would happen to these poor animals? 

After only a brief hesitation I responded. 

I suppose they would have to lower their standards. 

Ok, continued the old Lumpen. Now lets say it is reasoned by the researchers who are conducting this experiment, that since the animals were able to adjust to the change in environment, they can now handle more pressure. Imagine some researchers speculating on just how far these subjects can be pushed. So they increase the outside pressure. Every time the subjects adjust to their new environment more pressure is added. My question to you is, eventually what type of behavior do you think we will see from these test subjects? 

I brooded over this strange hypothetical scenario for some time before finally responding. 

I really dont know. I dont think it would be possible to stay sane in conditions like that. 

Right away the dog responded. 

Remember we are not talking about sanity. Thats an even trickier subject. Right now were just considering the behavior or what others see. 

Well, I said. I suppose wed see some very strange behavior from these animals. 

The old dog smiled. 

I suppose youre right. 

Then he lifted his paw and motioned for me to look around me. 

What you see is the result of such an experiment. 

As he was talking a group of young Lumpens walked past us in a group. My attention was drawn to one of them in particular. He was a grayish brown mongrel with floppy ears. Something about his appearance made him stand out as if he didnt quite belong in this group. All in the group talked with one another crudely but in a manner that signaled they respected one another. However when the mongrel that had caught my attention spoke it seemed to cause irritation in the group. They appeared to merely tolerate his presence. All of these impressions were gathered in an instant as the group walked by us. My lecturer continued. 

I imagine the threshold guardian must have given you a tour of Lumpenproleteria? Well if you have the time, I can show you some features that you will not see on the normal tour route. 

Hungry for answers and anxious to take my mind off of my current situation, I jumped at the opportunity. He led me to a small clearing where I noticed various animals of all types huddled around a scruffy dog. The dog was distributing what appeared to be food to them and they in turn devoured the food greedily. 

Have you heard of nip? my guide asked. 

Yes, I replied. The threshold guardian told me all about it. 

This detail surprised my guide. 

Really? Did he tell you that it contains varying amounts of poison that eventually kills the animal? And that there is an additive that keeps the animal in a permanent state of heat? 

No, I exclaimed. He didnt mention that. 

I then glanced at my guide suspiciously. 

If you know all of this why dont you warn them? I asked. 

They already know, he answered to my surprise. Before they are allowed to accept the nip they first must endure the humiliation of acknowledging that they know exactly what the nip contains and how it will affect their bodies. In this way they are robbed of the ability to tell themselves that they were tricked. Their minds are left with the full realization that they chose the nip of their own free will. 

I silently agonized over the cruelty of this situation. I thought, It is true that they are the ones making the decisions. On the other hand, if they refuse the nip how could they endure these living conditions? The whole situation left me with a bad taste in my mouth and I felt thankful that I was not in a similar situation. 

As we ventured away from this area a passing scene caught my attention. The group of young Lumpens I had seen earlier was again walking in a group but this time the grayish brown mongrel with the floppy ears was walking a few paces ahead of the group. They were calling out, Youre a punk! and they glared at him with hatred in their eyes. Every now and again a member of the group would yell, Punk! and give him a shove. He would turn to defend himself but the entire group bore their teeth and growled until he turned back around in humiliation. This act of degradation would cause all in the group to laugh with great pleasure. This exercise was repeated a few times more before they passed from my sight. I walked on with my guide until we reached the coliseum. 

You are familiar with the entertainment provided for the Lumpen? asked the old dog. 

Yes, I replied, turning my head away from the place in revulsion. I know all I need to know about that. 

I had determined within myself never to enter the structure again. Off to the side of the coliseum a crowd had begun to assemble. 

And do you know who it is that we Lumpens have to thank for our various forms of entertainment? asked my guide. 

Without hesitation I responded. 

The speciests. Who knows? Probably even the Union of Animals. 

Once again astounding me the old St Bernard shook his head. 

No. Its a Lumpen. 

I followed his eyes over to the crowd that was gathering and I saw the cause of the commotion. The lean boxer I had seen on the posters the first time I was given a tour of Lumpenproleteria was standing in their midst. The crowds gathered around the celebrity as if it were an opportunity not to be missed. 

Leo is seen as a role model by the entire Lumpen community, explained the St. Bernard. The Lumpen hero is the biggest manufacturer of nip and other forms of entertainment in the area. 

Suddenly as if alerted to our presence the boxer looked beyond his adoring fans and stared directly at us. The boxer and the old St Bernard ominously locked eyes. My guide placed his paw on my shoulder. 

Wed better be off. 

No sooner did we continue our trek than I once again saw the group of young Lumpens walking together. The grayish brown mongrel was happily trotting along side the group as if the earlier scene had never taken place. He would fall behind every now and again but he always caught up with the group and was begrudgingly allowed re-admittance. What strange behavior, I thought to myself. 

As we walked away from the coliseum my guide heard something off in the distance and he motioned for silence. He then directed me to follow him and we hid behind some brush. No sooner were we hidden than a couple of Cuyamongan guards marched passed with a Lumpen prisoner in custody. The prisoner foamed at the mouth and ejaculated a seemingly endless stream of expletives. Eventually the noisy procession passed on and all was quiet once again. I looked over at my guide in desperation. 

Remember what we said would happen if an animals mind is pushed too far? he asked. The forms of entertainment fed to the masses give them a certain worldview. Their behavior becomes predictable which in turn makes them easy to control. The long-term effects of this experiment is yet to be seen but already you can find many animals in Lumpenproleteria that are confused about their identities. Their minds have been pushed to such extremes that in order to survive it creates its own reality. 

I didnt want to believe what the old St Bernard was telling me but from what I had already seen I knew it was the truth. I grew flustered. 

If this is the price of domestication, I declared. I want nothing to do with it. 

My guide gazed at me sympathetically. 

Dont despair, he said. Its not a hopeless situation. 

Now, two things struck me about this reassurance. The obvious fact is that it seemed contradictory. If ever there was a hopeless situation I was convinced that this was it. Secondly I was amazed at the level of selflessness this old Lumpen showed. Here it was that he was living in these abominable conditions yet he wasnt bitter. His biggest concern at the moment was that I not be overwhelmed with what he was showing me. 

Not hopeless? I exclaimed. 

He grinned. 

Come on Christopher. I want to show you one thing more. 

As we walked to the final destination on my behind the scenes tour, my guide explained more about his observations on the mind. 

You see many of the things in life that we view as necessary rights, actually only serve as distractions. If the average animal added up the amount of time and energy spent worrying about not being defrauded he would most likely find, the activity took up the greater part of his life. If this distraction were removed what effect do you think it would have on the mind? 

I had never thought about life in that way before. It took me a while to wrap my brain around this new concept. While I was pondering a Lumpen raccoon shuffled speedily past us muttering, In the end you die alone. No one can help you and you cant do nuthin to help nobody. All you worked for vanishes into nuthin. I was put off by this distraction. Nevertheless my guide brought my mind back down to earth by repeating his question. 

How do you think the mind would be affected by suddenly removing these shackles? 

I guess the mind would be clearer, I responded. But I almost cant picture this ever happening. 

The old dog laughed. 

It happens all the time. Placed under extreme stress and miserable circumstances animals often have moments of clarity where they can fully understand the true nature of life better than those whose minds are still full of distractions. 

The old St Bernards face suddenly drooped. 

The only problem is that under such conditions no one listens to them. 

Finally we arrived at our destination. From the smell of petroleum in the air I could tell we were somewhere near the tar pits. There were a few large trees and a gigantic boulder embedded into the ground. Leaning against the boulder was a mixed breed dog who appeared even older than my guide. Despite his age the dog appeared to be very alert as he sensed our arrival a long way off. At first glance, the most conspicuous trait in this old dog was the fact that he only had three legs. He stood upright leaning against the rock supported only by his one hind leg. His front legs were crossed on his chest and though he was looking in our direction it seemed to be his sense of smell that was guiding him. His nose twitched steadily as we made our approach. When I looked at his eyes I realized that my first impression was correct. His eyes were glazed over with a white cloudy membrane leaving him blind. 

Whose there? he asked in a raspy voice. 

Its me, replied my guide. 

And youve brought someone with you? Speak up. I wont bite you without a good reason. Whats your name? 

My guide nudged me. 

My name is Christopher. 

Is that so? replied the three legged dog. I once knew a Christopher who used to spit on the ground every time his name was mentioned. It is hoped that the habit was particular to my friend and not a trait inherited with the name. Please warn me in advance if it is, so Ill know what to expect the surrounding ground to be like. In my condition I cant afford having slip hazards placed in my way. 

My guide chuckled then gently nudged me. 

No sir, I said. 

The three of us stood silent for a while. I appeared to be the only one who felt awkward. I certainly wasnt going to be the first one to break the silence. Despite the titles and achievements I had recently gained I felt a certain sense of inferiority. Regardless of their social status I knew that they both knew more about life than I did. Fortunately my guide was the first to speak. 

Christopher and I were discussing the nature of the mind. 

That just happens to be my favorite subject, responded the older dog. You see I have come to the conclusion that I am my mind and my mind is me. 

I knitted my brow in anticipation of some sort of cryptic meaning in these words. The three-legged philosopher continued. 

This may seem like an obvious conclusion to some but believe you me it took a great deal of sacrifice on my part to be sure. Many animals may say they believe that they are their own mind but until theyve made a personal sacrifice they can never truly be sure. 

At this point I began to think that maybe the old dogs hard life had taken such a toll on his brain that his reasoning had long since left him. However out of respect I continued to listen. 

My first sacrifice was my leg. When I lost it I wasnt searching for any higher truth. My mind had been distracted for so long by the monotony of life that truth be told I really wasnt made aware that I even had the leg until it was gone. I tried to get back to the comfortable mental state I was in before but I was unable to do so. Every awkward limp reminded me of my loss. It was as if the leg was haunting me as punishment for taking it for granted. Then I began to ask myself Am I still a dog? A part of me is gone forever but does that mean that I am no longer a complete dog? This thought obsessed me. It drove me to the bigger question of what is animal? I tried to remember how I was before the accident. Did I still like the same foods? Did I have the same desires and maintain the same routines? The answer was yes. Nothing changed except now instead of four legs I have three. Having settled this question I hoped I would now be able to move on with the rest of my life. But unfortunately this was not the case. My mind was not satisfied. I began to wonder if I could withstand the loss of one of my members and still remain an animal, how much could be sacrificed and this remain true? If I am not my leg, what am I? After many imaginary amputations I finally arrived in the vicinity of where I believed the answer to reside. 

The old dog tapped his head with a withered paw. 

Without a head I felt I could definitively state that I am no longer an animal. I must be my brain. For years this answer satisfied me until something happened that disrupted my peace. A part of my head began to deteriorate. Gradually my eyes stopped working. Youre probably thinking why would this upset you? You already concluded that you are your brain, not your eyes? Well thats true. Nevertheless my mind began to obsess once again over the accuracy of my conclusions. I began to think of the many animals in Lumpenproleteria that I knew personally whose brains had been damaged to the point of no longer working properly. Were they still animals? They had brains but their condition was the same as if they had none. I decided that I needed to amend my findings. It wasnt just the possession of a brain that constitutes a being as a living animal. It is the mind, which resides somewhere inside the brain. Once my mind is gonedont ask me where it goes because I have no idea. But once my mind is gone I firmly believe that I cease to be an animal. Therefore, I am my mind and my mind is I. Do you disagree with my findings? Im always open to new ideas. 

No, my guide replied. Im satisfied with your findings. 

He then gave me a gentle nudge. 

YesI mean no, I replied. I dont disagree with your findings either. 

The truth be told the old three-legged philosopher had succeeded in losing me in his abstract labyrinth. As we took our leave of the sage Lumpen I was now left with a definitive impression that the answer to my problems lay somewhere in Lumpenproleteria. After walking a number of paces with my new mentor I became impatient to find out the answers that I was sure he must know. He seemed to know everything. I reached over and gently gripped his old rough paw. 

Tell me what to do, I pleaded. 

He smiled warmly and apologetically. 

Im sorry Christopher. It doesnt work that way. Only you can make the right decision. No one can make it for you. 

I have to admit I was disappointed but something told me that the old St Bernard was right about this. He was always right. 

Well I hope I make the right decision, I said. Ive already made so many wrong decisions I think Im about due for the right one. 

My new mentor laughed. 

For what its worth I have complete confidence in you. Now about the matter concerning your missing friends, you might try looking over by the Lumpenproleterian Valley near the area they call Surface Zero. New faces always seem to be appearing in that area. 

Surprised I responded. 

Thanks! Ill do that. 

I was overjoyed. In reality I had all but given up hope of ever seeing my friends again, especially after witnessing Hectors fate. 

After taking my leave of the old St Bernard I anxiously headed toward the Lumpenproleterian Valley. Along the way I witnessed a scene that was disturbing to say the least. A large full-grown golden striped tabby was standing with a miniature version of himself pressed up against a tree. The large cat who I assumed was the father was striking the kitten in his frightened little face and screaming at him. 

Hit me back! Go on hit me! If you dont hit me Ill knock your head off! 

He would then position his face at eye level to the kitten waiting to be struck. The kitten however, terrified out of its wits just stood up against the tree crying. The scene touched my sense of injustice to the quick. It reminded me of my childhood and how Id suffered. The larger cat, noticing that I had been staring disapprovingly at his actions suddenly turned to me and began shouting. 

What are you looking at? This is my son! This is the way my dad raised me and the way his dad raised him! If it was good enough for me its good enough for him! 

He pointed at the frightened kitten. Suddenly a bizarre look of pride seemed to appear on his face. 

One day my son will pass on the tradition to his children. 

Then without warning his look of pride transformed into a look of resentment and he turned to continue beating his son. This event left me a little dismayed as I continued on my way. This is probably the reason I found myself walking into a sparsely populated area that I had never been before. I decided to stop and try to get my bearings when unexpectedly a sound caught my attention from among the shadows of a vine cluster. 

Pssst, came the sound. 

Cursing my curiosity I reluctantly walked towards the shadows. A large shadowy outline in the shape of a dog stood before me. A deep voice issued from the silhouette. 

Are you Christopher? I thought it was you I spotted earlier talking to that old fool. 

Suddenly the figure emerged from the shadows and towered over me. It was Leo the champion gladiator. 

I want to offer you a rare opportunity, he said. I want to offer you independence. You exert your energy to try and bring about change for the common animal and what has it gotten you? Nothing but grief. What you fail to realize is that the game is fixed. It doesnt even matter which side you choose. They will take from you all that you have to give and then they will throw you away. 

At once I remembered what the old St Bernard had said to me about my personality and the type of attention I attract. 

And what type of independence can you secure me? I asked. 

I can offer you keys to a world that exists beyond the realms of nature, the boxer replied. The rules that apply to other animals wont apply to you. You will be able to go wherever you want and have whatever you want. 

And what would I have to do in order to receive these keys? I asked suspiciously. 

Leos eyes widened and he smiled. 

Ill start you off distributing nip and well see how you do. Once you prove yourself, the sky is the limit. 

To his dismay I turned to walk away. 

No thanks. Id rather be part of the solution than a part of the problem. 

He was taken aback. 

Wait! the boxer exclaimed.

Laughing he reached out his paw. 

I underestimated you. Youre not like any of the other animals I have working for me. 

He then paused and began staring at me in a strange and intense manner. 

I want to offer you a partnership, he said finally. I currently own all of the breeding houses in Lumpenproleteria and a majority stake in the coliseum. I believe that you and I are the same. We see beyond what appears on the surface of society. Its not about the material things. Its about knowing the truth and rising above it. Its about recognizing that those of the upper classes, who smile and praise you to your face, secretly despise you. Its about having the ability to smile in the faces of those who look up to you and see you as a role model while at the same time secretly despising them for their inability to see things as clearly as we do. Join me Christopher. Lets build an empire together. 

Again the boxer extended his paw with confidence that this time I would grip it. To his astonishment I refused his offer. 

You and I are nothing alike. You claim not to care about being despised by the upper classes as long as you have fame and fortune but I dont think this is true. I think secretly you believe that they are justified in despising you. How could they do any less when you despise yourself? 

As I was saying these words the dog began to gnash his teeth and his eyes began to become bloodshot. I noticed this with alarm but I wasnt quite finished with him. 

You have the nerve to despise those poor ignorant animals that look up to you? They are ten times the animal you pretend to be. Their biggest blunder is that they deceive themselves into seeing you as a role model instead of seeing you for what you really are and thats 

Thats as far as I got before the infuriated canine exploded after me barking uncontrollably. I must have hit a nerve, I thought as I ran for my life out of the dangerous area. After doubling back and making a number of turns I finally hid under a pile of dry leaves. I could hear my pursuer run furiously past my hiding place. I resolved to remain there undetected until I could catch my breath. After a long period of stillness I emerged from my hiding place and discovered that I was not too far away from The Lumpenproleterian Valley. 

The remainder of the journey to find my friends was relatively quiet except for one noteworthy event. As I walked in the direction of the Valley a Lumpen she-dog ran up to me with a litter of four puppies running behind her. Her distress was apparent. 

Can you help me? she begged. Im at my wits end. For some reason their father hates little Tommy. 

She pointed with her nose to the smallest pup. 

I told him Hes just a puppy. Hes harmless. But their father is convinced that Tommy is trying to take over as leader of the family. I do my best to keep little Tommy out of sight when hes around but to no avail. Im afraid that he wont be satisfied until hes rid of his son. Tell me what to do. 

I shrugged and shook my head sympathetically but I didnt know what I could tell her. Dejected, she sauntered off with her four puppies trailing behind. I said to myself, Little Tommy is going to have to grow up quickly or else hes not going to make it. 

When I finally arrived at the Valley what I saw was appalling. Acres of barren land plastered with the bodies of emaciated animals. At first sight and smell I imagined they were dead bodies. I soon found out that many had merely passed out from exhaustion. They were working in shifts to dig holes for what they described as burying cannon fodder. The work was being supervised by groundhogs who were naturally suited for digging. However the other animals that were not naturally suited for digging were given no leniency. They were expected to work as much and in the same manner as everyone else. The hole-riddled tract of land was immense although it could not be seen from the top of the canyon. I remembered the first time I had seen the colorful waves at the top of the canyon and how beautiful it appeared to me. I thought, So this is the advanced way of life that everyone is fighting so hard to maintain? 

I glanced over the weary workers as I approached. Two of them struck me as familiar but on closer inspection I dismissed it as a simple case of mistaken identity. To my great surprise one of them looked up at me. 

Great one! he shouted. 

It was Chauncey, and the other cat was Rizzo. I had finally found my friends but they were so much changed that I didnt recognize them. They both hobbled over to me. 

Rizzo! Chauncey! I exclaimed. And you know each other?

Yes, Chauncey replied. When I first got here I didnt know anyone. Rizzo took me under his wing. When he found out I also knew you we became close friends. 

Its so good to see you guys. I declared.

I looked over at Rizzo. A great change had taken place in him. He was even leaner than before if you can believe that was even possible but the greatest change was in his demeanor. He didnt speak much. He just stared at me with a stern face. Chauncey continued. 

I always told Rizzo that you would come back for us and here you are. 

Embarrassed I looked toward the ground. 

Yes. Im sorry I couldnt have come sooner. 

While we were talking it was noticed by the groundhogs that two of the laborers had left off working. One of the overseers rushed over to us. 

What is the meaning of this? he roared. Who told you to stop working? 

The question was directed at the two AWOL laborers but he was defiantly staring me in the eyes. Rizzo suddenly spoke up. 

Christopher if you can do anything for us, now is the time. 

After a moment of pondering I nodded my head resolutely. I pointed at the groundhog. 

I am the Commander of Fostoria and the current Chief Ambassador for the Union of Animals! 

The groundhog gave a start. 

ComCommander? he stammered.

A mistake has been made, I continued. These comrades are not supposed to be here. Take them directly to Marshal Niccolo and tell him that the Commander requests for them to be assigned official posts. 

By doing this I reasoned that I could conduct a test to find out where I stood in the eyes of Socrates. The overseer marched off with my friends towards Kliev as I headed back into the occupied lands to await my answer. A few weeks passed before I received my response. To my delight it was Chauncey that relayed the message. He had put on weight and his coat was shining. He said that he and Rizzo were both given responsible positions in communications. This was good news for me. It meant that I still had political pull with Socrates. Nevertheless I decided to stay in Lumpenproleteria for the time being. Rizzo and Chauncey could serve as my eyes and ears in Fostoria. This wasnt a permanent solution. Sooner or later I knew I would have to deal with the usurpers in Fostoria. This day came however sooner than I expected. 

Many months had passed since I began ruling in exile. One day as I walked throughout the occupied lands I began to feel disillusioned. For the first time in a long while, I was at a loss as to what I should do next. Considering what I had seen I could no longer pretend to myself that animalism was the truth. But what could I do? I had already invested so much of myself into it. I emptied myself of wants and desires and replaced this with the tenets of animalism. Thats how convinced I was that I had found the truth. I couldnt start over could I? But I had no other option because I also couldnt live a lie. On the other hand, what would I start over with? I thought, If animalism is false, does it stand to reason that its diametrically opposed counter philosophy specieism must be true? Specieism is such an abhorrent philosophy but its adherents seemed to be so sincere. And maybe what they say about blood and genes is true at least to some extent. Nevertheless something in my gut is telling me that specieism is not the answer. After all this time should I now start to listen to my gut instead of my head? As I walked and pondered over what to do next loud sobbing interrupted my thoughts. 

I looked up to see that I was standing near the cliff overlooking the Lumpenproleterian Valley. Standing at the edge was a small cat that I understood had the sole intent of jumping and ending his life. He was an average looking shorthaired domestic cat with black fur and yellowish-green eyes. 

Dont do it! I appealed. Please just step away from the edge and we can talk about it. 

Without even looking at me he replied. 

Im fine right where I am. This decision wasnt made on a whim. A lot of thought went into this decision and this is how it has to be. 

Temporarily forgetting all of my own problems I became completely committed to rescuing this cat from making such a permanent decision. For some reason, I felt as if it were my duty to save him. As strange as it may seem I felt as if somehow I was responsible for his decision to commit suicide. 

If your going to jump anyways, I said. What harm could come from engaging in one last conversation before you check out? My name is Christopher. Whats your name? 

He looked over at me. 

Im Stanley. 

Slowly I approached Stanley but he stomped his paws along the edge of the cliff. As rocks became dislodged and plummeted miles below he shouted. 

Thats far enough! Come any closer and Ill jump! Im not kidding! 

I stepped back a little. 

Alright. I just wanted to make sure you could hear me clearly. 

I can hear you just fine where you are, he responded. 

Stanley, please tell me your story. What brought you to this point? 

Stanley laughed bitterly. 

My story is not unique. My father walked out on my mother and I before I was born. This should have been my first clue that I was worthless. If my own father couldnt even stand to be around me, then why would anyone else? I am average in every respect. I have accepted the fact that my life has no purpose. However I didnt always know this. From the time I was a kitten my mother taught me that I was special. She said I was destined for greatness. I wanted to make her proud so as soon as I was old enough I joined the youth core of Zarathustras regiment. We were taught the basic values of specieism. It taught that the elite will naturally rise to the top and a system was created to efficiently allow this process to happen. If I were destined for greatness I reasoned, then this would be the perfect environment to reveal my destiny. 

He paused and sighed deeply before continuing. 

As is expected from a loser, I failed. But that failure carried consequences. I was placed in the cannon fodder division. My assignment was to dig holes to bury the fodder from the front line. I wasnt even worthy to engage in the battle. 

He anxiously rubbed his forehead. 

Ive seen dreadful things on the field, Stanley continued. Because of what Ive seen, I was no longer able to sleep. When I brought this problem to my commanding officer he gave me something that he said would help me to sleep and forget about what I had seen. It was nip. He was right. It did make me forget. When I was on nip my past didnt seem to matter and I could forget the truth about what I am. 

With sullen eyes he peered down into the canyon. 

Nothing seemed to matter but the future and that was not written yet. Nip became my best friend but it has turned out to be a false friend. Many years have passed since I have been exiled to Lumpenproleteria but the one thing that has followed me is my addiction to nip. The decision I made to jump is the only way I can see to break the cycle of my addiction. 

As Stanley talked I was listening to him but at the same time certain ideas were solidifying in my mind. My previous problem of what philosophy of life I should adopt suddenly became clear as crystal. 

Stanley, I said. What if I told you there was another way? Your addiction is the only way you have found to run away from the pain of what you did. When you are clean, feelings begin to surface that condemn you. You arent ready to forgive yourself so you run away. Trust me I know all about running away from negative feelings and desperately clinging to whatever seems to be a solution. 

I had Stanleys full attention now and he began stepping back from the edge to be able to hear me better. He asked, 

What did you do to be able to stop running? he asked. 

Well, I replied. Im still running. 

Stanley looked back towards the edge of the cliff. 

Then why should I listen to you? If anything, you should get in line after me and jump yourself. 

Im not going to jump, I said, because I think I just found a reason to stop running. 

My eyes widened a little. 

Stanley weve been lied to. Its not our fault that weve gone down the wrong path. We were given faulty information. But having recognized this, it is our responsibility to course correct. 

His eyes filled with tears. 

Dont you think Ive tried? he shouted. Again and again Ive tried and failed so Im done trying! 

Pleadingly I extended my paw. 

Try one more time, I exhorted. I think Ive come up with the solution but I cant do it on my own. Please, take a leap of faith with me. What have you got to lose? If it doesnt work the cliff will still be here. 

Reluctantly Stanley walked over to me and clutched my paw. 

Alright, he said. Ill give it another shot. What is your solution? 

As I opened my mouth to speak Chauncey ran up to us panting heavily. 

Commander, Ive been looking all over for you. Weve gotten orders from The Marshall to reinforce his troops along the western front. Apparently this position is of extreme importance to both Zarathustra and Socrates. It is being rumored that whoever possesses this key position could be in a position to end the war. From the desperation of the fighting I believe these rumors to be true. 

In his signature manner Chauncey paced back and forth in front of us then stopped suddenly looking at me with alert eyes. 

Just imagine sir, you will be responsible for ending the war just like the prophesy said you would. 

I smiled at Chauncey. 

If the Marshall is expecting troops than wed better not disappoint him.

I looked at Stanley. 

You wanted to hear about my solution? Well youre about to witness it!

With resolution I marched along with Stanley and Chauncey towards Fostoria. Unexpectedly I noticed that as we walked our numbers were steadily growing. Without even being given an explanation for the march, animals from every species, wild and domesticated joined our ranks. Before long I was leading a great army across Fostorias border. When we arrived at the purge site, Truth and Justice were on hand waiting to meet us. They wore defiant faces but I could tell they were greatly surprised at the size of my volunteer army. Truth spoke first. 

Speak of the devil. We were wondering what had become of you. We thought maybe you had defected and joined Zarathustra. 

I knew this was a lie. They knew as well as I did that Socrates was aware of the power struggle that was occurring in Fostoria. If I had gone over to the speciests he would never have allowed Chauncey and Rizzo to have been freed and given government posts. However I decided not to call him out on it. I would play their game. 

No. Im still here, I responded. I was told we had a job to do! Its time to put an end to this war and finish these speciests off! 

Truth and Justice seemed to be confused by my words. With their eyes they tried to read me and figure out my angle. But I could tell they were coming up empty. The expressions on their faces betrayed that they had no idea what to expect from me. Animals began emerging from all sides of the territory and began occupying the purge site as news had quickly spread of my arrival in Fostoria. Truth, Justice and their troops suddenly found themselves surrounded and outnumbered fifty to one. I addressed my growing ranks. 

Marshal Niccolo has asked us to reinforce him! I declared. I say its time we showed Socrates and Zarathustra the true size of our army! Were not just going to reinforce Niccolo! I say we flood Lumpenproleteria with the full force of our troops and handle the speciests ourselves! Who is with me? 

The roar of support that was raised at this time was so great that it rocked the forest. Chants of Great is Christopher the ruler of Fostoria! began to be sung. The feared stampede that Justice had warned me about seemed to be occurring. However it was not the chaotic picture that he painted. The animals began running zealously towards Lumpenproletria ready to vent out all of the frustrations they had been suppressing for the past year. Endless streams of animals burst into the occupied lands and began flooding its banks. Unexpectedly, countless Lumpens joined themselves to the invading masses and the advancing army grew to outnumber the forces of Hannibal and Niccolo combined. I admit I didnt even know this number of animals existed in Fostoria and Lumpenproleteria. A new fear began to overtake me as I looked back on the avalanche I had created. I began to fear that I had created something that was now out of my control. Yet, when I halted marching towards the battle the advancing masses also halted. The multitudes gradually quieted as they awaited my instructions. 

We had advanced from the south, so before us to the northeast stood Niccolo and his armies facing Hannibal and his armies who were positioned northwest of us. Both armies stood motionless riddled with expectation as to what this new event signified. I lifted my arm toward the northwest and ordered my armies to attack. Overwhelmed with the immense number of my hordes Hannibal ordered his troops to fall back. I could see Niccolo smiling as he expected the Union of Animals to soon control all of Cuyamonga. We eventually pushed Hannibals troops back over the border to Cuyamonga. After we had accomplished this feat I did something that surprised both sides. I ordered the advance to halt. I decided that we would not be invading Cuyamonga at this time. Leaving sufficient forces behind to guard the border, we then returned to meet Niccolo who was at this point livid. 

Why didnt you invade Cuyamonga? he shouted. Victory was in our grasp and you let it slip away! Socrates will not be pleased! 

Im afraid Socrates will have to be content for now with what hes already conquered, I responded. Maybe now with the speciest distraction removed he can focus his attention on bringing about real equality in the Union. 

Suddenly realizing what was occurring, a look of disappointment grew on Niccolos face. 

Dont do this Christopher, he warned. Once you go down this road there is no turning back. 

After a brief reflection on my mentors warning, I replied. 

I know. 

Niccolo gradually began to smile bearing all of his teeth in his signature manner. Without another word, he turned and motioned for his troops to fall back. Escorted by my immense army, Niccolo and his troops slowly marched eastward towards Kliev.

Chapter 9 - Humanity has won it's battle. Liberty now has a country - Marquis de Lafayette

The next few days were marked with intense celebration. We of course placed troops on the borders of Fostoria and Lumpenproleteria as our enemies were expected to mount a counter offensive at any time. I at once issued a decree freeing all of the animals within the borders of Lupenproleteria and Fostoria. Upon my return to Fostoria I found out that my newly freed citizens had taken the liberty of rounding up Truth, Justice and any other animal they perceived as a threat to their liberty gathering them in the shelter to await judgment. As soon as they saw me, the Siamese twins threw themselves at my feet and begged for a speedy execution. 

Please do not exile us from your borders! pleaded Truth. You have no idea what the Union is capable of! Please just finish us off and have done with it! 

Stand up! I ordered. No one is being finished off or exiled. You are welcome to stay for as long as you want. You can remain free citizens if you are willing to follow the laws of the land. But if you want to leave no one is forcing you to stay. 

This news shocked everyone in the shelter. Rizzo, Chauncey and Bruno just to mention a few, were among those who had suffered at the claws of the Union. They were all looking forward to taking out their revenge on the prisoners. 

Commander! exclaimed Rizzo. You mean youre not going to purge us of these rebels? This is madness! If they are freed well soon find ourselves in even worse conditions than before. 

Im afraid I agree with Rizzo, added Chauncey. Great One. Ive never seen a successful society created without first purging itself of agitators. 

I motioned for silence. 

Thats enough, I replied. 

I was bursting with confidence over what wed achieved. I felt that at this point anything was possible for us. I turned to address my citizens. 

Dont you all see that were on the brink of something truly great here? We have the opportunity to be a part of something much bigger than ourselves. This chance may never come again! We can go on and repeat the same mistakes that have led animalkind into ruin for as long as anyone can remember or we can break the cycle! Perhaps some of you have never made mistakes but Ive made plenty. Im willing to bury the past if you are. In this way I believe that together we can build a beautiful future for all animals!  

My words appeared to have moved everyone in attendance. A dry eye could not be seen from any of the animals present and that included Truth and Justice. Never in my wildest dreams could I have imagined these two stone cold authoritarians moved to tears but thats what I witnessed. Gradually their hard faces softened into looks of dismay. From dismay to repentance. From repentance to tears of joy. They began kissing my paws and swearing loyalty to the new emperor of Fostoria. I of course did not like this. It smacked of the old way of doing things. 

I remembered that Lumpenproleteria was a name given to the occupied lands by others. But these animals were now equal to those in Fostoria so I decided that a new name was necessary. I would remove the border and form one large territory. We went back and forth over the topic of what we should call this new territory. Many suggestions were raised and many were dismissed. Finally I remembered a conversation that had taken place between Vlad and myself. He remarked that my ideas were radical and then he labeled them with a word I had never heard before. What was it? Utopian? I suggested to the other animals that we name our new land Utopia and they readily accepted it. The fact that I was now a great military leader and my opinions held sway might have had something to do with this. At any rate one major decision was complete. 

I decided that since all of the citizens of Utopia were equals, they should all have an equal share in all the decision-making. I remembered the new idea that I had introduced to my former colleagues in the Union of Animals, that of reasoning directly with our citizens. With that in mind I took Chauncey Bruno and Stanley and we ventured out into the land. Our objective was to make sure that everyone was aware of his or her new responsibilities and also to find out just what prosperous direction our new nation was headed in. To my great joy the first citizen we chanced upon was none other than Molly. She had her back turned but I was sure it was she. With butterflies in my stomach I called out to her. As she turned my eyes widened in horror. She had an expression on her face that signaled she was angry with me but thats not what was so alarming. My countenance suddenly fell as I came to the realization that Molly was heavy with child. I grew suddenly flustered. 

Molly! I exclaimed. Youre pregnant? 

Taken aback she replied. 

Yes. But what business is it of yours anyways? I heard rumors you were telling animals that we were a couple. As far as I know Christopher we are just friends. 

I was mortified. 

Yes, I stammered. I never 

Now that thats cleared up, continued Molly. What is this news spreading like wildfire throughout the Union that you have denounced animalism and are now a speciest traitor? What in the world is going on? 

I still couldnt get over the fact that Molly was pregnant. I thought, This is terrible. My future dreams are now dashed to pieces Or are they? She said we are still friends. That could change at any time. Right? If I play my cards right we could still end up together But she will have children from some other cat Thats not her fault. I cant hold that against her. We werent official. Everyone is entitled to make mistakes. Ive sure made my share of mistakes. These thoughts flashed through my mind as I tried to regain my composure. 

No I haventUtopia is a true egalitarian state! 

In the background I could hear my comrades whispering. 

Who is this? 

Another responded. 

It must be his girlfriend. 

Utopia? cried out Molly. What is Utopia? 

Thats the name of our new state, I replied nervously. Why dont you stay here with us for a while and then you can judge for yourself. You have a family to think about now. Wouldnt it be nice to bring up your young ones in a territory free of corruption? 

She placed her paws on her belly. 

I do want that. Bringing them up in a world of equality is all Ive ever wanted. I detected my opportunity to sway her.

You dont have to give me an answer right now. Just promise me youll think about it. 

After some time she acquiesced, with my assurances that I would do everything in my power to maintain equality. We soon departed from Molly but I was left with mixed feelings. I was still feeling the high off of our recent achievements, however the news that Molly was pregnant with some other cats children depressed me a little. The next animals we ran into were a group of former Lumpens. I called out to them. 

Hello free citizens! Is all well? 

An elderly fox replied. 

How can all be well as long as we are under occupation? You foreigners draw lines all over our land, steal our resources 

Turning to his companion he continued. 

And he has the nerve to ask if all is well. 

Good citizen, those days are behind you now! I pleaded in alarm. You are now in control of your own future! 

Puzzled they began to look at one another. 

If thats true then I demand more food to eat and a more comfortable place to sleep, said the fox. 

Another voice cried out. 

And I dont want to work twelve hour days. In fact I dont want to work anymore. Ive worked enough already. 

You shall have all of your rights rendered to you, I replied. Remember, you are in charge. 

A look of pride began to glimmer in the eyes of these citizens and this made my heart rejoice. At the same time, my comrades began to look worried. We left these citizens behind and continued on our way. To my great joy the next citizen we came across was my new mentor the old St. Bernard. Leaving the others, I ran up to him and embraced him. Finally someone is happy to see me, I thought. 

Did you hear what I did? I asked excitedly. 

The old dog smiled. 

Well, I heard something of it. But Im not sure what it means. Youve broken away from the Union? 

With beaming eyes I replied. 

Yes! 

There was a pause. 

So what now? the St Bernard asked. 

Now? I repeated excitedly. Now we live in peace! Now we accomplish what everyone else has only talked about! 

Gradually the old dogs smiling face conveyed a look of concern. 

Christopher, he said. Are you sure you know what your doing? 

I was a little taken aback. I was sure that he, of all animals would have been supportive about what I was doing. 

Im just doing what you told me to do, I responded. 

My explanation seemed to confuse him. 

I never told you to start a revolution. All I said was that you had to make your own decisions. 

In anger I raised my voice. 

And this is my decision! 

My mentor as well as my comrades was startled by this outburst. To tell you the truth I was startled myself. I dont know what came over me. It was almost as if someone else were speaking through me. I quickly apologized for the outburst but as I was doing this, Rizzo came running towards us. 

Commander! Troops are being mobilized near our border! 

Which border? I shouted in alarm. 

His response caused me to cringe in terror. 

Both borders! Hannibals troops are assembling on the western border and Niccolos troops are assembling on our eastern side! 

In desperation I called for a messenger pigeon.

Deliver the following message to the chairman of this past years peace conference, I said to him. A new nation has been born from the ruins of Fostoria and Lumpenproleteria. The name of this nation is Utopia. Its citizens are peaceful animals. We want nothing more but to live in peace with our neighbors. Unfortunately this peace is being threatened by the unprovoked aggression of Cuyamonga to the west and the Union of Animals to the east. We call on the world to help us prevent this situation from spiraling out of control. 

After dismissing the messenger I then ordered Chauncey to gather as many animals as he could round up to reinforce the troops on the eastern side of Utopia. I gave Rizzo orders to do the same for the western side. With these precautions taken, the only thing we could do is wait and see what would happen next. 

The next twenty-four hours went by very slowly as the citizens of Utopia were united in anxious fear over our future. Finally the messenger pigeon returned to me and he was wearing a smile on his face. 

The chairman had a vote taken, he declared, and the majority of the world recognizes Utopia as a sovereign nation! The chairman sends his congratulations Commander. 

After hearing this news, our citizens cheered uproariously. I looked over at Stanley who was now full of hope and joy. I could hardly believe that this was the same cat that not too long ago was about to give up on life altogether. Now he looked as if he believed that anything was possible. I remembered the earlier debate I had with my former colleagues in the Union. Russ used an illustration where a single citizens mind represented the entire nation. Looking at Stanley this illustration now took on a whole new meaning to me. I said to myself, This cat represents Utopia. We were given misinformation and pushed to the point of despair but we pulled ourselves up. And we did it without the assistance of Jeffery Chambers, Socrates or Zarathustra. From that time forward I kept Stanley nearby me to serve as a reminder of where we came from and where we were headed.

The next few years were a time of tremendous change. I named Chauncey and Rizzo as generals while Bruno was assigned Minister of Foreign Affairs. He is the one that I sent to represent Utopia anytime a conference was called to address world crisis. During the next few years a number of these conferences had to be called concerning Utopia because we had our fair share of crisis. For example our first crisis resulted in a famine. Lumpenproleteria was left in deplorable conditions after the exodus of Cuyamongan and Union workers. More than half of the population subsisted on the brink of starvation even before the exodus. Once the workers left, the inadequate stream of provisions dried up completely. When this happened, animals began dying in great numbers. I was confident that if we were organized and acted quickly the crisis could be halted. After all, there was plenty of food in the southern part of Utopia, formerly known as Fostoria. It was simply a matter of distributing the food. I called for a meeting of all the officials in Utopia, which at this time included every last citizen, because they all had equal authority under the law. I conveyed to them the seriousness of the situation. I explained that their brothers and sisters were starving to death and that it was in their paws to stop the death toll. Everyone agreed to distribute the food evenly and I expected the crisis to come to a swift end. To my bewilderment I found that the death toll began sharply increasing soon after the distribution started. I sent my generals with their troops to find out why the food wasnt getting to the starving animals. What they reported caused me great alarm. Instead of equally distributing the food, many of our citizens were hoarding food for their own future use and some were even selling the food at exorbitant prices. What is so disturbing is that they were doing this even with the knowledge that their actions directly resulted in the death of other animals. In order to stop the deaths, I ordered Rizzo and Chauncey to raid homes and retrieve the desperately needed supplies. I would have never imagined needing to issue such an order in a true egalitarian state but thats what I had to do. 

Eventually the food was distributed equally and the deaths were halted but this was no consolation for many. The death toll reached into the thousands. News of this embarrassment quickly spread to the surrounding nations and the first of many conferences was called for, as I mentioned earlier. Before sending Bruno off to the conference I gave him the following instructions. 

Inform the world that Utopia is taking the strictest measures possible to ensure that similar disasters will never occur again. Utopia will be divided up into ten districts with ten governors who will represent the animals in each district. In this way we are confident that all of the animals will be represented while at the same time improving Utopias efficiency. 

When Bruno returned from the conference he said that everyone was very pleased with the reforms we took and that they wished us much success. It was around this time that I began hearing strange rumors from abroad. It was being circulated that Utopia was going to be partitioned and divided between Cuyamonga and the Union of Animals. Even though these were only rumors I decided I needed to take them seriously so I increased security on the borders. Its a good thing I took this precaution too because something unspeakable was about to happen. This event was so unexpected by the entire animal world that it is still talked about to this day. A non-aggression pact was signed between Zarathustra and Socrates. What does this mean? I wondered. As I later found out, this meant that the age-old rivalry between the two enemies was being suspended. I pondered, For as long as any animal can remember, these two factions have been at enmity. What could be so mutually important that they would all at once hold off in their hostilities? I have to admit, this move by my enemies caused me a great deal of worry. To reassure myself that everything would be all right I called for Stanley. Stanley approached me with a smile on his face. He was healthy and full of life. But I needed to be sure. 

Stanley, how have you been doingwith your struggle? 

I thought I detected a slight sign of irritation in his countenance but he continued smiling. 

Things are ok, he said. Like you said, its a daily struggle but now I believe in myself. In fact I have as much confidence in myself as I do in Utopia. 

This response filled me with ecstasy. My face lit up which in turn caused Stanleys face to light up. We were now feeding off of each others joy. Utopia is going to be just fine! I concluded. But just to be sure I decided to check in on our governors to see how they were getting on. 

All of the animals insisted that I be the one to choose the governors. After putting up a great struggle I finally acquiesced and made the appointments. Three of the animals chosen, you are already acquainted with. These included Truth, Justice and the former threshold guardian. The other seven were animals that I did not know personally but came with good recommendations from others. 

In the beginning it appeared as if things were going to begin running smoothly. Food was being distributed equally and the animals seemed to respond positively to the change. We did however run into a snag. As a result of the famine, animal carcasses littered Utopia and the territory began to smell. Everyone knew from history that if not taken care of, this unhygienic environment could soon result in an epidemic. This would serve as the first big test to see if the newly reformed Utopia could avoid another crisis. The entire animal world was watching. 

At first the cleanup operation went smoothly as graves were being dug to bury the carcasses. But after a few days strange reports began to reach my ears. Certain districts of Utopia were being cleaned faster than others. It was noticed that carcasses were disappearing even though they were not all being buried. Other reports came to me that no matter how many carcasses they buried some districts were accumulating large piles of remains. This caused these districts to reek and the animals living there to get sick. I found it strange that I wasnt hearing any reports like this from the governors. The last news I heard from them was that the cleanup effort was running like clockwork. I sent out inspectors to investigate and they confirmed the rumors. Something else they reported to me was that the governors were living in the best areas of their districts and that they were all accumulating an abundance of material possessions. I was shocked and outraged. I sent word for the governors to conduct an audit so that we could discuss the results and figure out where the discrepancies were coming from. To my consternation I was informed that the governors were busy forming alliances with one another and had begun recruiting animals for their own private armies. I needed to act quickly before Utopia was undone, so I sent out my generals with their troops and they seized the governors along with their goods and any animal that had joined with them in the rebellion. Rizzo and Chauncey had them contained in an area that we used to refer to as the shelter. This crisis was averted but Utopia still had the problem of what to do with all of the quickly decomposing bodies piled up throughout its districts. 

I was in a state of perplexity about what could be done. So much time had already been wasted by the mismanagement of the governors that the solution of burying the remains before pestilence occurred was gone. Animals were getting sick and quickly dying. It was obvious to me that drastic measures needed to be taken but what could be done? It was around this time that I was approached by one of our citizens who claimed he had a solution to our crisis. He was a polecat. He didnt look like any kind of cat I had ever seen before but he said he and his friends could solve our disposal problem. I was desperate so he had my full attention. 

You see, he started. We have effective ways of eliminating health hazards like this. However our methods may be seen as 

He paused to find the appropriate word. 

Controversial according to modern standards. 

I didnt understand what he was talking about. How could a cleanup effort be seen as controversial? I wondered. He continued. 

What Im asking for is a little bit of latitude in regard to handling this matter. After all this is a drastic situation. Drastic measures must be taken to avoid an epidemic. 

I was in full agreement. 

Of course, I said. As long as no animal is hurt in the process you and your friends have complete authority to handle the crisis. Just please make haste! 

With my permission the polecat headed off to spread the word to his friends about the work they were commissioned to do. A couple of days later the polecat returned to me and reported that the cleanup work had been completed successfully. I was overjoyed. The polecat invited me to inspect the districts to judge for myself the results of the clean up effort. I summoned Stanley and together we followed the polecat throughout Utopia. I have to admit we were very impressed with the work that was done. The place looked even better than it had before the crisis occurred. We couldnt help but wonder among ourselves if there was any animal civilization that looked even half as good as Utopia looked at that moment. However our joy was short lived because there was an abomination that awaited us in the center square of Utopia. 

I could feel my eyes bulge out of my head as we approached the abomination. Hundreds of raccoons, opossums, polecats and vultures were proudly standing in front of a mountain of bones, which towered high into the sky. The majority of the workers stood smiling from ear to ear in anticipation of their assured accolades. However some of the workers, most notably the Vultures, were perched on top of the monstrosity licking the bones clean of any remains that may have been overlooked. I was livid. 

What is this? I shouted. What have you done? 

The polecat that I had contracted the job to came forward. 

We did what needed to be done. Weve saved Utopia from a biological disaster. 

These arent the predomestic days! I indignantly responded. Youre aware of the prohibition placed on all domestic lands about eating flesh. What happened to the promises you made me about causing no harm? 

The polecat passively responded. 

But sir, we caused no harm. I assure you that all of the animals were dead before we started feeding. They didnt feel a thing. As regards the standards of domestication, lets not be nave. All of the great domesticated lands resort to drastic measures during times of crisis. 

I was at a loss for words. 

If this gets out I started. 

But the polecat discreetly interrupted me. 

It wont get out. My friends and I are nothing if not discreet. Dont worry. You can count on us to keep this quiet. 

After regaining my composure I ordered the bones to be removed and hidden. Stanley and I hurriedly took our leave of the workers in disgust. Along the road I was suddenly overcome with anxiety and I collapsed into a sitting position. Stanley rushed over to me. 

Christopher! Are you alright? 

All at once in frenzy I leaped on my paws and stood erect. I grabbed Stanley by the whiskers with both of my paws in the same way Russ had done to Aaron earlier in our story. I peered into his yellowish-green eyes with anxious intensity. As my gaze widened I realized that Stanley had a nervous smile on his face. This in turn caused me to smile and to feel more at ease. I released my friend apologetically. 

Im sorry, I pleaded. I really dont know what just came over me. 

Thats ok, responded Stanley. I think I understand your state of mind. 

For the remainder of the way home neither of us spoke again of my unusual behavior.

I pondered for the next couple of days over what reforms needed to be taken. Although, I was promised by the polecat and his friends that no one would find out about the grotesque cleanup effort, strange reports began to reach my ears from abroad. It was being circulated that the citizens of Utopia were resorting to cannibalism in order to stave off starvation. I dreaded the inevitable conference where we would no doubt be forced to respond to these rumors. In addition to this worry I still had the problem of what to do with the animals Rizzo and Chauncey took prisoner during the attempted coup detat. I pondered, This cant be what an egalitarian state is supposed to look like. Rumors of cannibalism? Animals locked behind bars? What is it that were doing wrong? I determined that I needed to consult with the wise old St Bernard. Hes always right, I concluded. He will definitely put us back on the right path. However before I had a chance to seek out my mentor, someone arrived in Utopia whose appearance distressed me so much that I temporarily forgot all other concerns. 

Sabrina! What are you doing here in Utopia? 

You sound as if youre not happy to see me, Sabrina coyly answered. Everyone in Cuyamonga is secretly talking about how you stood up to Zarathustra. Its the strangest thing Ive ever seen. No one even seems to notice that you are a mixed-breed. 

Again, the offensive label mixed breed issuing forth from the lips of such a beautiful creature sent a cold shiver down my spine. She continued. 

I couldnt help but feel a sense of pride thinking that its my boyfriend who is making history right now. 

As she began stroking my whiskers the feeling of uneasiness soon passed and I was in a state of bliss. But coming to my senses I pulled away from her. 

Wait. I cant. 

And why not? she inquired indignantly. Is it that animalist tramp Molly? 

I gave a start. How did she know about Molly? I wondered. 

Dont act so surprised, she continued. I know more than you think. Anyways isnt she already involved with someone? In fact shes having another cats children. 

Even though her words pierced through me like a sword I knew she was right. 

This has nothing to do with comrade Molly, I responded. 

Then whats the problem? Sabrina pressed. Behind every great king lies a great queen. 

You see! I exclaimed. Thats just it! You and I view the world from different perspectives. You view the world through imperialist eyes. Im no king. In Utopia all animals are truly equal. 

Sabrina stood silent for a while meditating. I was surprised. This was not like the Sabrina I knew. Her response surprised me even more.

Youre right, she replied. But I want to change. Please teach me how to see the world as you do. 

I was completely blown away. I never expected her to say that. My mind bustled with new thoughts. Im being a hypocrite. How can I say I believe in the advancement of the common animal when Im not even willing to give this beautiful misguided soul the opportunity to reform? Besides, what she said about Molly is true. We were never really anything more than friends. 

All right! I exclaimed in delight. Lets be united! 

At once I began unburdening my heart. I recounted to her everything that had taken place from our last parting until now. I wanted there to be no secrets between the two of us. She listened attentively and recommended a reform solution. 

I know you view Utopia as a fantastic anomaly that should never be compared to other lands, she said. But you could learn a lot by considering the example of Zarathustra. While its true that he rules as an absolute monarch, the citizens of Cuyamonga are very pleased with him. Hes seen by Cuyamongans as a just ruler. They are happy to abide by the laws of the land because they view them as just. Though the Union of Animals refuses to admit it, even they have an absolute monarch. Become a just dictator, implored my mate. Once Utopian justice is fully established, you can always relinquish your throne. 

I of course didnt like the idea of becoming a dictator, as I could never reconcile this with the concept of equality. However Sabrinas suggestion did give me the idea of a reform that could serve as a temporary solution to Utopias problems. In excitement I ushered her away with me to meet with one of the most extraordinary animals she would ever have the privilege of meeting. At least that was my assurance to her. When we arrived at the home of the old St Bernard it became apparent to me that I had perhaps made a mistake in bringing Sabrina. When she caught sight of my mentor from a distance her nose began to wrinkle in disgust. Not wanting to offend my mentor I asked if she wouldnt mind waiting while I spoke to him in private. She agreed with a look that said, I wasnt about to defile myself by engaging with that Lumpen anyways. So I left her there and approached the old dog with a heart full of optimism. He smiled widely upon seeing me but glanced over at Sabrina with curiosity. Im sure he probably wondered who she was and why she was standing off to the side but he never asked. 

Christopher, he exclaimed. Its always good to see you. I know you have your paws full with the business of creating a just world. 

I chuckled good-heartedly then responded. 

Actually thats why Im here. Im sure you may have heard of some of the problems weve been running into? 

The old dog didnt respond. He just continued smiling and listened attentively. I went on. 

Ive decided that it was a mistake to thrust freedom on Utopias citizens without first educating them on what it means to be free. Thats why Ive decided to set up a temporary monarch who will maintain order until all in Utopia are ready to take the future into their own paws. 

Gradually the St Bernards smile disappeared. 

Are you sure about this Christopher? This idea seems like a great shift from your original vision of equality? 

I was brimming with confidence. 

Dont worry, I reassured him. I know what Im doing. 

The old dog meditated briefly then gently placed his rough paw on my shoulder. 

Christopher, I have complete confidence in you. But as your friend I need to share with you a premonition that has been steadily growing inside me for many years now. I know this may sound strange to you but I have a foreboding feeling that animal is not meant to rule himself. 

I began smiling and this caused the old St Bernard to be perplexed. I could read on his face that he didnt understand what I had to be smiling about. 

I knew you were going to say something like that, I suddenly declared. Thats why Ive decided that you will serve as Utopias first official monarch. 

The old St Bernard was dumbfounded. 

Im sorry Christopher I cant accept that responsibility. Placing myself in such a position goes contrary to everything I believe in. 

I know! I continued, ignoring his refusal. And thats why youre the only animal fit to rule. You wont have to do anything except wear the crown. I will take care of everything else. 

Sympathetically the old dog answered. 

Im sorry. I just cant do it. 

Angered I found myself raising my voice a little, which gave my mentor a fright and caused Sabrina to smile. 

You dont have a choice! I asserted. 

Coming to my senses I tried to smooth over my words. 

What I mean is Ive already given you the crown. If you do nothing, you will remain Utopias king. The only way you can reject the title is to openly oppose me and I know youre not going to do that. 

Well, replied the St Bernard sadly. It seems youve thought of everything. 

His suddenly dejected appearance disturbed me. I knew he would try and refuse but I didnt expect this reaction. I tried to cheer him up. 

Dont worry! I said. 

Then forgetting where I heard it before I stated the following. 

The end will justify the means. Youll see. Everything will work out in the end. 

My mentor faintly smiled but I thought I detected a hint of something in the smile that I didnt quite like. 

The reforms stabilized things and Secretary of State Bruno informed me that I had the support of the entire animal world. I was worried that the Utopian citizens might reject the idea of having an absolute monarch, even if it was just a temporary situation. To my surprise, no one seemed to notice. To be honest with you, this irritated me a little. I thought, Am I the only one interested in building a true egalitarian state? Nevertheless the next couple of years seemed to run smoothly. Utopia was growing in size and reputation. What I mean by this is that rumors from abroad indicated that Utopia had the most powerful army in the animal world. Suddenly, Secretary of State Bruno was being given the royal treatment everywhere he went and other lands were soliciting Utopias advice on how to reform their domesticated societies. 

Despite these positive changes, unusual behavior from our neighbors to the east and west caused me growing concern. The non-aggression pact signed by Cuyamonga and the Union of Animals remained in effect all during this time and to the surprise of the entire animal world, both sides were complying with the terms of the pact. Something else that was noticed by all who were paying attention is that Cuyamonga seemed to have lost all interest in acquiring more territory to the west of it. Similarly the Union of Animals appeared to lose all interest in acquiring territories to the east of it. This is significant because before the founding of Utopia, both nations were aggressively pursuing these territories. Anyways like I said, everything seemed to be going smoothly and there was no indication that this would change. However, just when the realization of all our goals seemed to be on the horizon, disaster struck. But this time it wasnt the result of animal negligence. 

Sabrina and I were taking a casual stroll along side the Cuyamonga River when all at once the ground began moving from underneath us. We were quickly ushered to safety by our security detail but nevertheless the event left us visibly shaken. It was Sabrina who explained to me what had just taken place. 

We call that an earthquake, she said. We were told about them taking place in Cuyamonga years ago. I never actually thought I would experience one in my lifetime. 

Utopias problems began to emerge once more in the aftermath of the earthquake. The disaster caused hundreds of casualties and thousands of injuries. In organizing a relief effort the polecat who managed Utopias last disaster once again offered assistance. In view of what happened last time I was hesitant to give him the same authority. However, time was of the essence so I reluctantly acquiesced. Still it took some persuasion on his part. 

This disaster is completely different from the last one, he said. This is primarily a rescue effort. Also, Utopia is in a different position politically. We have many more friends than before. I assure you that this effort will not be surrounded by controversy, as was our previous job. We have the worlds sympathy right now. Lets not squander this opportunity to show the world what Utopian spirit is all about. 

Moved by his words and anxious to act I gave the polecat the requested authority. However this time I needed to have a look at his work force. The makeup of his workforce was altered from the last time I had seen them. Although there were scavengers among them, the majority of the animals were not scavengers. This gave me some relief. I concluded that this really would be a rescue effort. To my dismay, after a few days of working the polecat returned to me with an unusual request. 

There are many more casualties than we expected there to be. With this number of animals we will never be able to bury them before they start to decompose. I dont think I need to convince you of the type of disaster youll be confronted with if that happens. 

I was irritated by this unwelcome news. 

Yes, I exclaimed. I know! Quickly do what needs to be done. But this time make sure its done quietly. 

He assured me that this time things would be different. As he turned to walk away it occurred to me that his work force was made up of animals who were not scavengers. How would they accomplish the dirty work that needed to be done? I was just about to call him back when I said to myself, Let him figure it out. You have enough problems to deal with as it is. 

One of these problems included what to do with the large number of animals who were still being held prisoner in Utopias correctional institution formerly known as the shelter. Utopias former governors had already been released back into society. They seemed to be genuinely penitent. They said that they didnt know what had come over them. It was as if something had taken over their reason and prompted them to rebel. They assured me of their loyalty and that I would never have to worry about another revolt from them. This was good news as far as I was concerned. It fit in with my new philosophy on the self-redemption of animal. Surprisingly when I recommended that all of the other animals also be freed and reformed back into society, the idea met with strong resistance from the former governors. 

These vermin are beyond reform, they insisted. As a matter of fact they were the ones who led us astray and pressured us to rebel in the first place. 

This was news to me. After many persuasive arguments on the part of the former governors most notably, Truth and Justice, I acquiesced and continued to hold the other rebels captive. I knew I couldnt hold them forever but what to do with them I knew not. Im hesitant to tell you what Sabrina felt we should have done with them. 

Theyre a drain on Utopias resources, she complained. Theyre useless eaters! You should have them devoured by the carnivores and have done with it. 

In dismay I chided her. 

You shouldnt make jokes like that! Besides there are no carnivores in Utopia. 

She dropped the subject but I was left with a disturbing feeling that she wasnt at all joking. 

After a few weeks the polecat reported to me that the work was complete and Utopia could finally begin a healing process. I was greatly relieved but this was short-lived as reports from abroad began to reach my ears. It was being spread that Utopia had lifted the ban on eating flesh that had been adopted by all of the domesticated societies. It was rumored that animals were being slaughtered for food. This was slander! True, Utopia had allowed the scavengers to rid its land of decomposing remains, but even that was hearsay. It couldnt be proved. Only a select number of animals knew this with certainty. If something wasnt done to address these lies, Utopia could face international isolation. Despite the ominous storm that was gathering, a silver lining presented itself. Sabrina was pregnant. I was going to be a father. 

The news had an unexpected affect on me. Those of you who have children may understand what I mean. I began to think seriously about the state of the world. I didnt want my children to have to suffer the way I did. My priorities shifted. Creating a world where every animal was truly equal took on a whole new meaning to me. In the beginning I just wanted to prove a point to Jeffery Chambers and to myself, but now I had a new reason for optimism. When I look back on my life, if theres one thing I have to be proud of, I thought. Its going to be my children. I will make sure that I instill in them the right values. It doesnt matter where or into what species youre born. All animals are equal. I will teach them this if its the last thing I do.

Shortly thereafter, Sabrina left me and returned to Cuyamonga. Needless to say I was left shattered. How could this be happening? I desperately wondered. What did I do wrong? Didnt I strive with all of my might to create the best world imaginable for my friends and family? These and other questions weighed heavily on my mind. Admittedly I began to second-guess myself. I decided to seek solace from my mentor the old St Bernard, who by the way was also serving as Utopias first king. Though I made all the decisions about Utopias future I still regarded my mentor with high esteem. In spite of the difference of opinion that arose from our last encounter, my friend appeared happy to see me. This was a great relief because I really needed someone to talk to. 

Christopher, how has life been treating you? he asked with a smile. 

Not so good, I replied. I should have listened to you when you said that animal was not meant to rule himself. 

I paused here expecting the old dog to gloat but he remained silent. I went on. 

Sabrina has abandoned me and taken with her my hopes of being a good father. No matter what I do or how good my intentions are, life seems to reward me with one disappointment after another. 

Sympathetically the old St Bernard rested his paw on my shoulder. 

Christopher, in life sometimes we find ourselves in situations that dont seem to have a way out. When we retrace our steps to try and figure out how we got so entangled, it may still seem to be a mystery. Dont despair Christopher. Its a waste of time to continue beating yourself up over past mistakes. You must look at your situation now and figure out how you can make the best of a bad situation until it is removed. 

As my mentor was speaking to me I began to regain spirit. It suddenly dawned on me what I needed to do next. 

Youre right! I exclaimed. Youre always right! I will make the best of a bad situation. Theres nothing I can do about Sabrinas abandoning me but I can still create a better world for my children. 

My words caused the old dog to frown slightly. I ignored this and went on. 

It seems to me that one of the problems we are having in Utopia is that too many animals are still hanging on to the old ways of thinking. In short, its an educational problem. 

My mentor placed both paws on his head in frustration but I barely noticed because I was lost in thought. I thought out loud. 

What if there was a way to educate the masses to the point where everyone understood their role in society. Since animalkind seems to need constant reminders, we could create institutions of learning that animals would never have to graduate from. 

All at once I excitedly embraced my mentor nearly knocking the crown off of his head. 

Thank you! I declared appreciatively. 

I then turned to leave. The old dog had his mouth open as if he had something more to say but I hurried off anyways. There was so much to do and so little time to do it in.

As I headed back to my headquarters a situation occurred that made me even more determined to implement plans for adult education. I overheard an alarming conversation. 

Youre a dirty mutt! All mixed breeds are mutts! 

Be careful, another voice warned. The leader is a mixed breed. 

I dont care, replied the first voice undeterred. Hes a mutt too! 

It was at this point that I emerged from among the bystanders. You could hear a pin drop. I tried to ease the tension. 

Dont stop the discussion on my account, I remarked. Enlighten us with your knowledge of eugenics. 

Before I continue I would just like to mention that all of the cats involved in the following discussion were of mixed breed. The citizen who had labeled me as a mutt was a black orange and white calico cat. He now stood speechless frequently glancing around the group as if he expected someone to rescue him. The other citizen who issued the warning was a female tortoiseshell cat brindled with orange and black. Addressing the calico I continued. 

You say were mutts. Right? And this insult is supposed to make us feel low. But I say Ok Im a mutt. Now what? I dont feel offended by the insult. Now what are you going to do? It confuses you, which in turn leads to anger. Have you ever asked yourself why that is? 

At this point someone shouted out. 

Its not offensive because weve reclaimed the word and legitimized its meaning! 

To everyones surprise I dismissed this interjection with one word. 

Nonsense! 

I looked around the crowd in hope of hearing a logical suggestion. After a considerable period of silence I explained myself.

If I know that your opinions of me are based on a false premise how can I feel insulted? The only emotion I would feel if I felt anything at all would be genuine pity. This pity is not from some opinion that Ive formed that I am somehow superior to you. Rather it is from the knowledge of the fact that I understand things you may never understand. Thats not meant to be a put down. Its just that, whats meant to be simple you see as complex and whats meant to be complex you see as simple. 

A look of confusion passed over the audience. I thought, You dont understand me now but eventually you will all get it. 

So what will you do? I continued. There are only two options. Will you double down on your ignorance and strengthen your opinions of superiority or will you recognize the fact that you dont understand anything about breed? Until you come to recognize this you will never truly be a higher animal. 

After passing glances between one another the animals slowly began applauding. Not one of them seemed to know what they were applauding about. Nevertheless the consensus was that applause was in order. As I mentioned earlier, I took my leave of this group more convinced than ever that Utopia needed a system of adult education. To this day Im convinced that this idea would have met with certain success if it hadnt been undermined by unforeseen occurrences. Who knows? If this reform had been properly carried out maybe things would have turned out differently. But I digress.

The project of creating institutions of continuing adult education initially met with enthusiasm. Schools were set up and the animals were eager to learn. As time went on however we ran into a few snags. Certain animals were of the opinion that such institutions were somehow obstructing their freedom. It alarmed me that some citizens felt oppressed by the institutions even if it was only a minority. After all, I said to myself. Utopia should stand for freedom just as much as it stands for equality. I decided to give the minority a listening ear. Their basis for argument was valid but their reasoning was off. They argued that they had the right to remain in ignorance if that is what made them feel free. I argued that the schools were a forum for freedom of thought and that it would be to there benefit if they took advantage of the forum. In effect I argued that the schools would make them freer. Eventually I persuaded them to remain in school but the debate opened the door to all kinds of controversies regarding freedom. 

One such controversy involved a rabbit who thought he was a dog and a cat who believed he was a rabbit. The rabbit attempted to chase the cat but the cat refused to run on the grounds that all animals are now equal. 

Besides, he argued. Im no more a cat than you are a rabbit. I may appear to be a cat on the outside but thats not my fault. On the inside Im a rabbit and I refuse to be treated any differently than any other rabbit in Utopia. 

These animals raised a valid point. Admittedly I didnt understand what they were feeling because I couldnt imagine ever believing I was anything other than a cat. Nevertheless, I thought. Just because I dont understand their feelings does that make them any less valid? If the rabbit says that he is a dog in a rabbits body and the cat says he is a rabbit in a cats body, I have to take their word for it. Dont I? After all, I cant put myself in their bodies to know if its true or not. But then I began to think, Wait a minute. These animals cant put themselves in the bodies of other animals either. How does the rabbit truly know what it feels like to be a dog? Similarly, how does the cat know what it feels like to be a rabbit? They seem to be so absolutely sure of what they truly are and yet their evidence is the same as mine. After struggling with the question for many weeks I finally made a decision. 

Utopia is a land of equality and freedom, I announced. Therefore Utopian citizens have the freedom to be whatever it is they feel that they are. 

Everyone who heard about it met this news with great rejoicing. It seemed as if Utopia was finally turning a corner. Things were going to be all right from here on out. Thats when everything started to unravel. 

Unnatural carnivores began to emerge from the population. Hearing about the concessions I had granted to certain animals these carnivores now demanded the freedom to eat what they wanted to eat. I call them unnatural carnivores because among them were animals that used to be strict vegetarians like rabbits and deer. This is too much, I thought. Its unnatural. True, Utopia represents freedom but this goes beyond the realms of acceptability. I flatly refused to make this concession and just as a precaution I sent out Chauncey with his troops to make sure everything remained calm. When he returned with his report I nearly collapsed. Not only had he witnessed animals devouring one another but also this was apparently not a new phenomenon. It appears that many of the animals had acquired a taste for flesh in the aftermath of the earthquake. The casualties were considered fresh meat. Once this delicacy was exhausted I was told that they moved on to the injured. Instead of rescuing them they would hasten and in many cases even cause their death. This means that the rumors I had heard from abroad were true. 

I knew I needed to act fast so I sent both Chauncey and Rizzo with all of their troops to bring an end to the barbarism by force. The rebels put up a tremendous struggle and it took a number of days but eventually my generals were able to crush the rebellion. I worried about where I would contain all the prisoners since we were running out of room in the reformatory. This problem soon resolved itself however. As we locked up the animals in the confined space they all at once began devouring one another, which freed up space. The weakest were devoured first then the strongest battled for supremacy. I was greatly disturbed by all of this aggressive behavior by Utopian citizens but at the same time I was glad the beasts were caged up so as not to bring harm to the free population. 

Although these measures seemed to temporarily stabilize things, discontent was on the rise. To make matters worse I began to hear unsettling rumors from abroad that my children were being raised as speciests. According to the rumors, Zarathustra was taking a personal interest in their training. This was no doubt his way of getting back at me for not joining him. The rumors left me visibly shaken. I was at my wits end. Just when I was about to throw in the towel someone showed up and saved me from despair. 

Molly! Am I glad to see you! I exclaimed. 

She cheerfully pranced up to me with three kittens trailing behind her. 

Christopher, she said. We need to talk. 

Immediately the stress over my low approval ratings began to melt away. 

Sure, I said, putting on a concerned expression. Is everything ok? 

Molly nervously smiled. 

Do you remember that time that I said we were always only friends? 

How could I forget? I thought. Im still carrying around the emotional scars from that day. Those were my thoughts. What I said was different. 

Vaguely. I do remember something to that effect. 

I wasnt being honest with you, she continued. The truth is, I have always loved you. I just thought I wasnt good enough for you. I knew you had certain goals you were working towards and I didnt want to get in your way. 

You could have knocked me over with a feather! 

Really? I exclaimed, Why didnt you say something? I feel the same about you! I have always loved you! 

My heart was on fire. Suddenly one of the kittens began tugging on her tail. 

Mommy? Who is this cat? 

Looking back, she ushered the little ones in front of her. 

This is my good friend Christopher, she said. Christopher, this is Stuart, Derek, and Misty. They are the light of my life. 

Crouching down, I began playing with the little ones. I was then struck with a sudden impulse. I stood erect and gripped Mollys paws. 

Run away with me. We can make a fresh start together. Just me, you and the little ones. What do you say? 

Molly looked down at her children but remained silent. 

Dont worry about them, I reassured her. Ill raise them as if they were my own. 

To my surprise she replied sternly. 

They already have a father. 

I was a little taken aback by this. She continued in a softer tone. 

It wouldnt be right to take them so far away. After all, he still has the right to be near his children. Besides, dont you still have a lot of work to do here in Utopia? The world isnt going to bring about equality on its own. 

I smiled outwardly but on the inside I felt wounded. I dont know why. What she said was true. 

Your right, I said. Ill go along with whatever you think is best. 

Molly faintly smiled. She then peered at my face curiously with her large copper eyes. 

You look much older than you did the last time I saw you, she said. How has life been treating you? 

Immediately my previous worries came back to mind. She listened attentively as I unburdened myself to her. I told her about how Sabrina abandoned me and about the growing discontent despite all of my concessions. She comforted me. 

Dont be too discouraged. The issues you are dealing with are as old as time. I heard Socrates once complained about animals always demanding individuality. As soon as its granted, what do they do? Everyone copies one another. Finally he concluded thats its just not possible to please everyone. Once he stopped trying, his job became a whole lot easier. I dont know if that helps but at least now you know youre not alone in dealing with this problem. 

I nodded appreciatively. 

Thank you. It does help a little. But Utopia is a lot different than the Union of Animals. We have the only truly free animal society in the world. Our problems must be coming from outside influence. 

Molly frowned slightly. I continued. 

If only there was a way to protect our citizens from the outside world 

I would just like to point out that during all this time of regional instability Utopias borders had remained open. Utopia maintained a policy, which invited any animal that craved freedom, to join us. In addition, if for some reason they wanted to leave, they were free to go at any time. It was at this point that I began to rethink our policy. 

Molly, I said. When I invited you to my home, it wasnt just a place to stay I was offering. I took on the responsibility to protect you from the outside world. Should it be any different with Utopias citizens? They are like my children. I need to protect them. 

Molly listened attentively. 

What if, I continued, we were to erect a wall surrounding Utopia? This would serve to keep any bad influences from corrupting their minds. 

I dont know if that would work, replied Molly in an undertone. 

Undeterred I continued. 

Were just brainstorming here. Think about it. One of the problems we may be having is that too many citizens dont see themselves as part of the community. If we ask our citizens to remain in Utopia for a while and at the same time succeed in keeping our enemies out, imagine what we could accomplish. 

At this point Mollys children began to stir and her attention was diverted. I helped her to gather up the little ones and put them to bed. The subject was dropped but a seed had already been planted in my mind.

Chapter 10 - Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. - Leo Tolstoy

We were now three months into the project. The badgers were of tremendous help in the construction of the wall. Their experience in building strong dams was much appreciated. At first the idea of surrounding Utopia with a wall of stone was met with resistance. However after I explained to everyone that it was absolutely necessary for our protection, the mood changed. Many had even become anxious to complete the wall as soon as possible. It was around this time that an unfortunate event took place that would altar Utopias future forever. Now this next part of the story is a little blurry to me. Ill do my best to relate it to you exactly as I remember it. I hope youll forgive me if it comes off as a bit surreal. 

It was a bright sunny day. The air was fresh. Molly, the children and I decided to take a walk towards the caverns. She had been promising this trip to the little ones for some time now and today seemed like the perfect day for it. Everything seemed perfect. We probably looked like the happiest family in the world. Though unbeknownst to me, my life was about to be turned upside down. Leading the way, I approached the entrance of the caverns. I was just about to lead the group into the large opening, when I turned around to give some last minute safety tips to Molly and the kids. As I turned to face forward I felt the ground shake, there was a deafening thunderclap and the opening to the cavern was gone. I suddenly found myself staring at a wall of stone just inches away from my face. My legs began to feel weak. I jumped back and rushed to make sure that Molly and the kids were ok. Thats when I realized what had happened. It wasnt the cavern wall I had been staring at; rather it was a large boulder that was now partially plunged into the ground. I quickly looked up to the top of the mountainside that opened into the caverns. As I tried to catch a glimpse of what caused the boulder to fall the suns rays filled my eyes. Squinting I thought I made out the silhouettes of four or five beings moving around the mountain edge. I placed my paw in front of my eyes to shield them from the blinding sun. Peeping out between the spaces of my fingers I fixed my gaze on a solitary figure looking down at me from the top of the mountain. It was a dog. I knew this dog. It cant be, I thought. But it was. It was the same dog I had spoken to years ago when the threshold guardian first gave me the tour of Lumpenproleteria. Back then he was just a puppy but I was sure it was he. He was there for only a brief instant then he too disappeared. I dont remember all of the details surrounding how we exited this area but I do have vague mental snapshots of ushering Molly and the kids to safety. 

The following week was an obscure combination of images. There were various animals with worried faces looking down at me, the feeling of being forcibly held down as I struggled in a cold sweat, and furiously barking orders as I raced to and fro in a delirium. Gradually I experienced extended periods of lucidity where I felt my mind clearer than ever before. I remember a distinct sensation of understanding secrets that had been hidden from animals from the beginning of time. However I would inevitably relapse into delirium and when I awoke the secret was forgotten. During one of my periods of lucidity it was explained to me that the assassination attempt was likely sponsored by one of the new militant groups that had emerged in Utopia. This particular group I was told had a philosophy called Chaoticism, which was opposed to any forms of animal order. This group wanted to roll back domestication, which they claimed, would bring about paradisiacal conditions. All of this sounded absurd to me but I was sure about one thing. These ideas could not have come from within Utopia. Outside influences were at work. 

In frenzy I requested to know the status of the construction project. To my surprise and delight I was told that the wall was almost complete. Apparently even in my weakened state I had the presence of mind to order the construction project completed. Im told there was some resistance in carrying out the orders but that I was so convincing even in my fragile condition that the citizens capitulated. In fact they had been working in shifts so that the work continued nonstop ever since the attempt on my life. The attempt, by the way resulted in a strange chain of events that left me once again in a state of isolation. Allow me to explain. 

Rumors were spreading that Molly had something to do with the attempt. I knew this was preposterous so I of course stood by my love and defended her, tooth and nail. To my dismay the rumors were too much for her to bear and she left me, taking the children with her. I was beside myself. Where could she go? I thought. Her close association with me made it impossible for her to return to the Union of Animals. She must be somewhere in Utopia. But why didnt she just stand by me? I wondered. Together we could ride out this storm. I ordered a careful search to be made for Molly. She would certainly realize her mistake and return to me. After days of searching it was reported to me that she had returned to Kliev. It didnt make any sense to me but I was informed that Socrates welcomed her back with open arms. 

This unwelcome news had a debilitating affect on my mind. I felt unsure of myself. I had a general idea of the direction I wanted Utopia to take but something was holding me back. It was like some kind of mental block. I called for Stanley and he cheerfully strutted into my chambers. I gently gripped him by the whiskers in my characteristic way. By now he had become accustomed to this procedure. I had to be sure that Utopia was going to be all right. I first peered into his eyes. Everything seemed to be normal. His eyes appeared to be a little glazed over and his pupils were dilated but he was completely relaxed. His wide smile put me at ease. I thought, Utopia is going to be just fine! and I sent him away. But after I was alone my worries began to plague me. 

Utopia jails are now brimming with animals, I thought out loud. Our friends are demanding an explanation for the large stone wall surrounding our borders and to make matters worse both Socrates and Zarathustra are using a new strategy against me that Im not sure how to handle. They are spreading propaganda that makes me look like a tyrant but paints them as moderates. Can you believe that? 

I didnt know what to do and I didnt have anyone to talk to. I could have gone to my mentor but I felt ashamed. What could I do? A deep depression gripped my mind. It made me unable to even get out of bed some days. I remember sitting in dark rooms for days at a time without the energy to even move. If someone or something didnt rescue me from this condition soon I knew I would come undone. I felt as if I was just about to lose it, when suddenly the light to my room was turned on. It seemed strange to me because the door had not opened and I was sure I was alone. Standing before me was a cat who looked familiar to me but I couldnt remember where we had met before. He was about my size and age. He had green eyes and a coat of white with large black patches. 

Hello? I muttered. 

Hello, he responded echoing my words. 

Who are you? I demanded. How did you get in here? 

Im Joab, he responded. Im here because you need my help. 

Recognizing the truth in his words I decided not to bother pursuing the question of how he gained access to my private chambers. 

I doubt if anyone can help me at this point? I groaned. 

I can help you, stated Joab confidently. But first I need your permission to do what needs to be done. 

Puzzled, I replied. 

I have no idea what youre talking about. What is it that needs to be done? 

After a brief silence Joab replied. 

You know what needs to be done. 

After an even longer silence I found myself reluctantly nodding my head. Its not easy for me to explain to you why I did this but I will try. The physical body performs all sorts of actions. Many of these actions are involuntary. For example, no thought goes into the action of the heart pumping blood throughout the body. In order to survive the action is carried out without needing the approval of the mind. I believe this same force is what caused me to begin nodding my head without even understanding my reasons for doing so. 

After being given permission, Joab turned off the light and exited the room. I found myself feeling a little bit easier and I soon fell asleep. All that night I had nightmares filled with the most barbaric torturous images imaginable. Ill spare you the graphic details but I will tell you this. All of the nightmares had a reoccurring theme. I was the one inflicting the torture on others. I awoke in a cold sweat. At that point I wasnt sure if my encounter with Joab was also a dream so I decided to make it a point to inquire if anyone had actually entered my chambers or not. Upon standing up I expected to feel nauseous and weak. To my surprise I felt pretty good. Both my body and mind felt relaxed. I was inexplicably free of stress. After stretching and a few yawns I felt ready to face the world. I still couldnt get over how good I felt. 

The first citizens I ran into after exiting my chambers were a couple of guards whose assignments included not only guarding prisoners but also handling surveillance throughout Utopia. One of the guards was a golden brown striped tabby with green eyes. The other was a jet-black cat with yellow eyes. 

Citizen? I asked the tabby. Are you aware of anyone entering my chambers last night? The guards glanced at one another nervously then stared at the ground. 

No sir, the tabby answered. Not to my knowledge. 

These guards are acting strange, I thought. Why are they avoiding eye contact with me? Ive seen this look before. That time when Niccolo first invaded Fostoria his animals had a similar look on their faces. 

Thats odd, I replied. Because I could have sworn that I saw a cat with black and white patches 

Divining that his friend had given the wrong answer the black cat interjected. 

Sir, I saw a cat with black and white patches. 

I was surprised and a bit relieved by his response. 

You did?, 

Yes, he quickly responded. He was a cat, and he had black and white patches. 

Did he enter my private chambers? I inquired suspiciously. 

The black cat glanced at his friend then replied. 

Yes? 

A sudden wave of relief passed over me. So Im not crazy after all, I thought to myself. 

Very well, I said. As you were. 

The guards cautiously passed by me and around a corner. I could have sworn I heard the scuffling sound of cats running as soon as they were out of my sight. Their behavior struck me as odd but my mood was so elevated that I refused to let it bother me. 

As I walked through Utopia the next citizens I ran into were the Siamese twins Truth and Justice. With our bumpy past I expected this to be a very awkward encounter. To my surprise there was no awkwardness at all. In fact the twins talked with me very cordially. The discussion was free of veiled threats and suspicious glances. It was as if the twins had somehow acquired a whole new respect for me. 

I took my leave of the twins feeling strange. It was as if I had awakened into a different world. I wont lie. It was a welcome change. My old world was full of anxiety and stress. The next citizen I ran into was Secretary of State Bruno. 

Christopher! he exclaimed excitedly running up to me. 

He quickly checked himself. Averting eye contact he quickly looked to the ground. 

I mean Commander, I just arrived. Is there anything I need to know? 

Reluctantly he raised his eyes and gazed at me inquiringly. This is strange behavior, I thought. Bruno continued. 

Sir, rumors have spread throughout the international community that Utopia has been emptying its holding cells. Everyone has been approaching me to make a statement on these rumors. I honestly didnt know what to tell them seeing as I was not informed of a change in our policies. Early this morning I went to see for myself if the rumors were true. 

Bruno gave me an intense look. 

I must say that I noticed the number of prisoners appeared greatly reduced from what I expected to see. 

I smiled to myself, This must be Joabs work. 

Dont worry yourself Bruno, I said. The prisoners are being rehabilitated and released back into society. You didnt expect us to hold them forever did you? 

A look of surprise then relief registered on Brunos face. 

No sir. I knew we couldnt hold them forever but I wasnt informed that we had begun tackling this problem. If you dont mind my asking, who is handling the rehabilitation project? 

I smiled. 

His name is Joab. I think weve finally found an official who cares about Utopia as much as I do. 

Bruno frowned slightly. I picked up on this. 

That wasnt directed at you, I interjected. Youre doing a fine job as Secretary of State, but when you have to work harder it means others are not doing their jobs. Im expecting Joab to make both of our lives a whole lot easier.

For the next few weeks my nightmares continued. I would often be awakened by my own voice shouting in frustration at characters conjured up in my dreams. I must have also begun sleepwalking because a few times I would inexplicably awaken outside of my private chambers. I would suddenly open my eyes and find myself in strange locations with no memory of how I arrived there. Despite these minor irritations, life in Utopia seemed to run smoothly. Whatever Joab was doing appeared to be working because all the citizens I spoke to would fall all over themselves to express to me how satisfied they were with Utopias reforms. I thought, If things continue like this, we will reach perfection in no time. However, just when things couldnt seem to be going any better, we were confronted with yet another catastrophe. 

One morning after waking up particularly free of stress, it was reported to me that citizens were throwing themselves off of cliffs in large numbers. Many were reported to have been shouting slogans before they jumped. 

Down with tyranny! some shouted for example. 

When I heard this I was astounded. Tyranny? I thought. This is Utopia not Cuyamonga or the Union of Animals. There doesnt exist a less tyrannical state than Utopia. I soon found out the cause of the crisis as reports began to surface from abroad. Both Zarathustra and Socrates were apparently spreading propaganda that I was some sort of brutal dictator. Some of our own citizens had in all likelihood been taken in by the propaganda. Irritated, I thought to myself, Are you so easily taken in? You would rather believe reports from abroad than evidence from your own eyes? I was infuriated. For the first time in a long time I felt a loathing for these animals. For a brief moment I entertained the idea that Hannibal had been right all along and that some animals are inferior to others. Coming to myself I shook my head vigorously. I chided myself. 

What are you saying Christopher? All animals are equal. You know this. 

I then summoned my generals to forcibly put an end to the crisis. They seized anyone walking too close to the cliffs. Suicide was outlawed. Heavy fines were placed on any animal who attempted to commit suicide. Despite these drastic reforms Utopia gradually found itself in international isolation. Bruno reported to me the sudden change in how he was being received abroad. Everywhere he went he was being shunned. Finally I decided not to send him out any more. 

I became frantic so I did what I always do on occasions like this. I called for Stanley. Gripping him by the whiskers I stared deeply into his eyes. 

Stanley, tell me truthfully, how are you doing with your problem? 

Stanley smiled. 

Im doing great! I havent had a single relapse. 

Suddenly as if I was struck with a bolt of lightning something occurred to me. 

Youre lying to me! 

A look of terror spread across Stanleys face as if he had been caught in the act of committing a crime. All at once his eyes began to fill with tears. 

Its true! he exclaimed. Ive been lying to you and Ive been lying to myself! 

I was beside myself. 

Why? I exclaimed. 

After a long pause the broken animal finally spoke up. 

I didnt want to let everyone down. I believed in the Utopian dream. I felt that once Utopian rule was established everywhere I then would be cured. 

I released my grip on Stanley and collapsed into a sitting position on the floor. 

Its all over, I muttered as I buried my face in my paws. All is now lost.

 Chapter 11 - In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, and look around you. - Leo Tolstoy

Quick fortify the bunker! You! Get those sandbags over here! Soldiers to your posts! The attack has begun! 

Utopia was swarming with activity. All of its inhabitants working to protect its western border. General Rizzo stood at the top of the barracks looking over the wall with binoculars. 

I see the troops going into battle formation. It looks as though theyre using the entire division to make a frontal attack! 

I called up to Rizzo. 

Who is leading the division? 

He peered out across the frontier with the binoculars. 

Its Hannibal! 

They were throwing everything they had at us. I was sure glad we built that wall. 

Soldiers, this is what we prepared for, I shouted. Take your positions and fight for your freedom! 

As the fighting began, I could tell this was going to be a long drawn out battle. I started to feel a strange feeling in my gut. It was a cold insecure feeling as if something terrible was about to happen. Ignore it, I said to myself. Its probably just your nerves. But as the days rolled on the feeling just increased. 

One day a pigeon arrived and perched herself at the top of the barracks. She was out of breath. 

Marshal, we are under attack! she gasped. 

I rolled my eyes bitterly and shot a mean glance in her direction. 

Isnt that obvious? I said. What do you think weve been doing for the past few weeks? Were defending our western border! 

The pigeon spoke up excitedly. 

No sir! Now our eastern border is under attack! 

My eyes widened. I couldnt believe my ears. We were pouring all our resources into the western border for a long drawn out battle. Could it be that we were now expected to fight a two-sided war? I ordered as many battalions as I could muster to rush to the eastern border and prepare for battle. As I ran with the troops leaving General Rizzo to defend the western half of Utopia I couldnt help but feel as if this were all just a dream. Reality didnt unfold like this. Did it? Eventually we reached the eastern border and General Chauncey was already running to meet us. 

Sir! he said, Niccolos troops are storming our fortifications. He is leading the troops himself. Im glad you brought reinforcements. I just hope it will be enough. Something tells me were in for a long drawn out battle! 

As Chauncey spoke to me I began hearing a faint ringing in my ears. 

Sir? Are you alright? You! Get some water over here for the Commander! 

Those were the last words I heard before everything started spinning and then went completely dark. 

When I awoke they told me I had been unconscious for three days during which time my generals had successfully prevented Utopias walls from being breached. However Niccolo and Hannibal suddenly began simultaneously implementing a new strategy that had my generals worried. It didnt seem possible that the age-old enemies were communicating with one another but the precise coordination of the new strategy made it appear so. Now, in order for you to have a clearer picture of what we were dealing with I think its necessary to explain to you a little bit about the geography of Utopia. 

As you already know, Utopia separated Cuyamonga from the Union of Animals western most territory of Kliev. What you may not know is that Utopias territory bottlenecks as you head northward causing the division between the two areas to gradually narrow. Before the wall was erected the shortest distance to travel between Cuyamonga and Kliev would have been this area to the north. From what Ive been told by carrier pigeons, when seen from above Utopias wall formation looks like a pyramid which peaks at the northernmost spot before dropping off into a seemingly bottomless ravine. This means that the fastest way for Hannibal and Niccolo to get at each other is to breach the wall at this northernmost corner where the three territories almost meet. The aim of the new strategy seemed to try and continue to tie up my generals on either side of Utopias wall while Hannibal to the west and Niccolo to the east headed north with a select number of troops. I immediately knew what I had to do. Gathering as many troops as Chauncey and Rizzo could spare I headed north to confront my destiny. 

By the time I reached the junction point I could see both sides already attempting to breach the wall. I sent my troops to the top of the fortifications and they were able to push the invaders back. After days of fighting all sides were exhausted. Without making an official declaration all three forces decided on a temporary ceasefire. Hundreds of exhausted animals lay against the barricade on all sides. We could hear the heavy breathing of our exhausted enemies on both sides of the angling wall. I couldnt help but reflect on the futility of war. A sudden impulse struck me. I knew both Hannibal and Niccolo were in earshot on opposite sides of the wall. I began to shout. 

Hannibal! 

There was no answer. 

Niccolo! I then shouted. 

Again I was greeted with silence. My troops stared at me in confusion. 

Niccolo! I continued. Are all animals created equal? 

After a long pause I heard Niccolos response as he shouted over the wall. 

Yes! All animals are created equal! 

I then shouted over to the western corner of the wall. 

Hannibal! Are all animals created equal? 

After an even longer pause Hannibal shouted his response. 

No! Some animals are priceless! Most are worthless! And the rest fall somewhere in between! 

In frustration I bellowed out. 

I must know the answer! Niccolo! Will all animals ever live together in peace?  

Yes! he responded. Once the exploiters are finally eradicated, all the animals that survive the revolution will live in conditions of peace and equality! 

I turned to face the opposite wall. 

Hannibal! I shouted. Will all animals ever live together in peace? 

Yes! he responded. Once the poisonous breeds are destroyed, lower animals will live in peace, recognizing their proper subservient position in relation to the Thoroughbred Feline! 

Crouching down, I buried my face in my paws and grinded my teeth. At that moment I wished I had followed my brother Vincents advice and never asked such dangerous questions.

Chapter 12 - War is so unjust and ugly that all who wage it must try to stifle the voice of conscience within themselves. - Leo Tolstoy

After months of fighting, Utopias walls were finally breached. Our forces were steadily being pushed into a corner. My enemies gave me an ultimatum that if I didnt immediately surrender they would wipe Utopia off of the map. I sent word that I wanted to make a deal. If I abdicated my power I requested that they allow the St Bernard to remain in Utopia as a provisional viceroy. Both Zarathustra and Socrates readily accepted this arrangement and I was handed over to Hannibals troops. I say I was handed over because although it was my choice to surrender, the crowds lifted me up forcibly and ushered me away as if I might try and escape. I would just like to mention that of all my experiences thus far, this mob experience was the most surreal. As I was being passed over the heads of the angry citizens I could barely believe my eyes. No one appeared capable of independent thought. I tried to converse with some of the citizens I knew but it was impossible. The mob reflected a unified mindset and that mind appeared to be insane. 

I was eventually delivered over to Hannibal and his troops led me deep into Cuyamonga. I thought I recognized the area from that time Vlad and I had gotten lost. After hours of walking my captors brought me into a clearing. Before me I saw a few soldiers standing on either side of a familiar object. It was the wooden box Hannibals troops had been carrying that time when I witnessed the strange flashes of light. I struggled but my captors tightened their grip on me as they practically dragged me over to the mysterious secret weapon. I unsuccessfully attempted to turn my head and shut my eyes tight as the soldiers began opening the lid of the box. I was forced to watch as rays of bright light emitting from the interior of the box enveloped my face. I began to feel a familiar sensation but with an intensity that I could never have imagined possible. My body felt as if it were being split open on every side. I couldnt describe the experience as painful but it was extremely uncomfortable to put it mildly. My mind felt as if it were being violently shaken free from my body. Without warning my mind was thrust into movement. I was being ushered away with increasing rapidity until finally it felt as if I was moving at lightning speed. For a long time it seemed as if I were moving in the same direction but then all at once it felt as if I were descending. It also felt as if my velocity was gradually decreasing. Finally I seemed to have come to a stop in a location engulfed in pitch-blackness. I attempted to shout but was unable. Remembering back to a similar incident I had experienced in my youth, I decided to try something. Instead of speaking I decided to try communicating with thought. 

Where am I? I thought. Why have you brought me here? 

To my surprise a deep voice answered me. 

We are the arbitrators of reality and you are in the realms of reality. Christopher, you should be ashamed of yourself. 

Ashamed of myself? I thought. 

Thats right, interjected a raspy voice. Ashamed! You have attempted to disrupt the balance of reality. That world you accept as reality is false. Just think about it. A world where beings are judged based only on outward appearances? Does such a fantastical world seem like reality to you? 

I thought to myself or at least I think I thought to myself, Is this another trick? This feels like a trick. 

The raspy voice continued. 

What really matters is not the outward appearance but what is in the mind. 

They think theyre so enlightened, I thought. Ive known this from the very beginning. 

You claim to believe this! boomed the deep voice. But do you really? Tell me. What was your impression of the old St Bernard the first time you saw him? 

He paused then continued. 

Better still, what is your impression of us? 

I didnt really know how to answer seeing as how I couldnt see the faces of my captures. Were they large and intimidating? Did they wear sympathetic expressions or were they aggressively scowling? Assured that an answer from me was not forthcoming the deep voice went on. 

Do you see? Perhaps you use your eyes to judge more than you think. Right now all you have is our thoughts to judge us with and thats how it should be. But dont worry Christopher were the good guys. 

Where have I heard that before? I thought sardonically. 

The raspy voice now spoke up. 

Its true. Were the ones that keep balance. The animal is a unique creature you see. For the most part his mind is shallow and petty. But each animal mind contains a certain unique quality in varying amounts. If I had to define this quality I would describe it as a yearning to prove to itself and to others that it is extraordinary. 

For some reason these words caused me irritation. I inadvertently began struggling to free myself then I remembered that it was not my body that was bound. 

You wouldnt believe the extremes animal is willing to go to in order to prove this point, added the deep voice. Well maybe you would. Anyways, this desperate mind is dangerous. If left unrestrained it will keep pushing until the fleshly organism breaks down and both the mind and body are destroyed. Its our job to make sure that doesnt happen. 

I didnt follow. 

Lets see if we cant simplify things for you, interjected the raspy voice. That world, where you were pushing for equality is not real. Cuyamonga, Fostoria, the Union of Animals its all a dream. The two philosophies of Specieism and Annimalism that you label extremist are actually necessary tools invented by us arbitrators in order to keep the mind in balance. In short Christopher, what were trying to tell you is that you were asleep but weve awakened you now to reality. 

Words cannot express my frustration at that moment. 

Is this a trick? I thought. Theres no way to confirm it. 

I agonized over the frustration of having no other choice but to trust the past in order to figure out where Im at in the stream of time. 

And they keep lying to me! I exclaimed within myself. 

You think its wrong of us to push the mind from one extreme to the other? the deep voice abruptly asked. Dont you think weve tried other methods to try and suppress that infectious characteristic that the mind clings to? Nothing has worked. The only way to rid itself of this ruthless inclination is to let it run its course. However in order to avoid the mind being pushed too far in one direction and damaging the body of the organism it is then necessary to pull it in the opposite direction. The best way I can illustrate it for you is to compare the unruly characteristic to a cancer. Nature has given every part of the living organism a built in list of rules on how to develop. Cells are born. They perform their respective function and they die. When they function as intended the result is a beautifully choreographed universe of harmony. However, some cells do not see this cycle as harmonious. They view the cycle as oppressive to their freedom. Therefore they rebel. If ignored the rebellious mass of cells, which refused to be bound by the rules of nature, will continue to grow until the entire organism is destroyed. Eventually they too will be destroyed since they cannot live without the organism. Nevertheless they continue on their rebellious course oblivious to the consequences. Now, if we listened to you 

Here I felt as if a condemning finger was being pointed in my direction. 

If we listened to you we would take the side of the cancerous cells who want to defy nature and go there own way. You view them as noble for breaking out of the mold and living free despite the fact that they eventually kill the entire body. You view it as barbaric or unreasonable to kill these rogue cells. 

I tried to shake my head denying the accusation. The deep voice continued the assault. 

We disagree with you! They are a disease. They do not deserve to live because they are unreasoning. They cant see the bigger picture. We have weighed them in the balance and found them wanting. They have been judged and deemed worthy of destruction. It may seem extreme from the inside looking out but I assure you its the only way to maintain balance. Besides theres no real harm done because like we said, its all just a dream anyways. 

I was now convinced that this was some kind of trick. 

Its not a dream! I shouted. Youre playing with animals lives! 

To my annoyance I heard both of the voices begin to laugh. 

Alright Christopher, began the raspy voice. Well play your game. Lets say that youre right. That world you are trying with all your might to defend? Lets say its real, and everything else we just revealed to you is nothing more than an elaborate trick. Go ahead. Justify your existence! 

Finally I felt as if my tongue had been loosened. I wasnt about to miss this opportunity to stand up for the animal spirit. 

Equality! I exclaimed. Freedom! These are the ideals we will continue to fight for until it is in our grasp. Animal is good. That characteristic that you so callously refer to, as a disease is what will enable us to continue the struggle for freedom. You cannot stop us! We will struggle forever if need be! 

Adding to my vexation, the voices once again began to laugh. 

You will struggle forever? returned the deep voice. The average lifespan for a cat is about twenty years. Youve already exhausted about a quarter of that. 

You know what I mean? I countered indignantly. When I die there will be others to take my place and continue the struggle. 

The deep voice responded. 

Actually, we dont know what you mean. Do you have some presentiment that you will have some sort of future feeling of satisfaction after you have died? 

I pondered deeply but before I could answer, the raspy voice interjected. 

Then why are you making yourself and everyone else miserable by struggling for something you will never see the fulfillment of? If that world you defend is real and its all there is, why not just try and enjoy that life while you have it and leave the business of improving animal to others more qualified to the task? 

Again I pondered. I couldnt think of an appropriate response. 

Your entire life is a contradiction! the raspy voice all at once declared. 

I tried to shake my head vigorously and block out what they were saying. The raspy voice continued the assault. 

For all you know, animal life on this planet will one day cease to be. Then what? 

No! I interrupted. We will never let that happen! 

The voices chuckled. 

You attack the animal that refuses to promote the species, declared the raspy voice. Why? To avoid extinction? What is worth saving? When you die you are dead. By having offspring you are not preserving yourself. 

Again I tried with all my might to block out the abrasive words. 

You are wrong! I shouted. Animal will aspire to greatness!  

Animal is a maggot! countered the deep voice. Even if he has a measure of success in his struggle; all he can hope to accomplish is to become an insignificant fly! That way of life you defend consists of doing whatever it takes to avoid bursting your own bubble about the importance of your personal existence! Animal must at all costs not come to the realization that he is a joke! 

Youre lying! I screamed. This is a trick! This is not real! You are a figment of my imagination! 

There was a brief pause. The raspy voice began in a subdued manner. 

Christopher we are not your enemies. We just need for you to wake up. You must realize that the way of life you were fighting for is a fiction. Think about it. Those animals that joined your struggle have no defined purpose in life. What they have is a need to feel as if they belong to something greater than themselves. The thought that they have no meaning is unbearable to them. Their greatest defect is the inability to understand their selves. When they make an honest self-examination they find things that they refuse to accept as true. This makes it impossible for them to understand others correctly because the fact is we are all the same. 

I wanted to reject these conclusions but I couldnt ignore the ring of truth that was resonating in my consciousness. The raspy voice went on. 

To justify their existence they are willing to overturn heaven and earth in order to make it conform to their incorrect view of their selves. 

Then why dont you help him? I exclaimed in frustration. Instead of reveling in his humiliation you could at least try and put him on the right path! 

Under my breath I continued. 

like I have tried to do. 

Like you have tried to do? boomed the deep voice. Im glad you brought that up. We werent sure of how to broach that subject. But since you mentioned it, lets consider for a moment what it is that you have attempted to do. 

I couldnt see them but I had the feeling that my captures were shaking their heads at me in disappointment. 

For shame! continued the deep voice. The Great One? Really? How dare you? 

Waves of embarrassment swept across my mind. If I had a body Im sure it would have been burning with uneasiness. 

Did you really think that you were the first animal in history to figure out that the current system of things makes no sense? You would be shocked if you knew how many animals have actually figured that out. Nevertheless, they reject the truth. They burrow back down into their own minds and live just on the surface of life where they believe it to be safe. They do this because they know that they do not have what it takes to defy reality. 

Then you came along, interjected the raspy voice. Only someone like you could attempt what you did. You were raised in an environment where you were made to believe that anything was possible. 

Is that so wrong? I returned. I tried to do the right thing! I tried to encourage others to do the right thing! I tried to do the best I could with the situation I was presented with! I didnt ask for any of this! 

Now calm down, interjected the raspy voice. Dont have a hissy fit. We were just about to consider what you so eloquently referred to as the right thing. Annimalism? Animal equality by means of brute force? 

I made a mistake! I countered. As soon as I recognized my error I changed course. 

The deep voice chuckled. 

Please. If you want to lie to yourself fine, but dont lie to us. You were even considering becoming a speciest. 

This invasion of my private thoughts was unendurable. I wondered how much longer this torture was going to continue. 

Thats not true! I countered. Im nothing like Zarathustra or Socrates! They are ruthless dictators! Regardless of their claims, all they do is cause animal suffering! 

There was a pause. The raspy voice addressed his colleague. 

Do you want to tell him or should I? 

Youd better break it to him, returned the deep voice. 

The raspy voice now spoke in a subdued manner. 

Christopher, compared to you Zarathustra and Socrates are humanitarians. You have become the most brutal dictator the world has ever seen. 

No! I interjected Thats not true! Thats propaganda! 

Propaganda? the raspy voice countered. You cant deny the atrocities you perpetrated against your own citizens. Dont tell me youve been deceiving yourself about the disappearances of all those imprisoned animals? 

Images of my nightmares suddenly began flashing into my consciousness. I stammered. 

But Joab said 

Joab? interrupted the deep voice. There is no such person as Joab. It was Christopher that tortured and executed those animals! 

I wanted to cover my ears but I had no ears and no paws to cover them with. 

No! I exclaimed. Youre lying! Youre trying to trick me! 

Ignoring my outcries the deep voice continued. 

Ive never seen the like of it. By making others suffer its almost as if he were attempting to satisfy some base desire for revenge he was harboring. 

I think youre right, responded the raspy voice. He appeared to be under the impression that there was some great harm done to him and that this would somehow make it right. 

I was outraged by the way they spoke about me as if I werent even in the room. Im assuming we were in a room. 

Dont you dare judge me! I exclaimed. I didnt come here to be judged! 

My captures chuckled. 

How right you are dear boy, the raspy voice responded. Because you didnt come here at all! You were summoned! 

Enough talk! interjected the deep voice. Its time for action! Christopher, you have a decision to make. You can ignore everything we have explained to you and go back to living a dream that has no hope of realization or you can join us. We will live here forever, just as we always have. To join us you must wake up from that dream by ending your life on your terms! You must decide which world you believe in, that utopian world designed by Jeffery Chambers, the utopian society you created for yourself, or this reality. 

I tried with all my vital energy to resist being placed into another corner. 

Wait! I shouted. Who are you to judge me and to give me ultimatums? 

After a brief pause the raspy voice replied. 

I am Socrates. 

The deep voice then replied. 

I am Zarathustra, he then added. And you have a decision to make. Now Choose! 

These were the last words I heard uttered before I felt myself being lifted up and swept away. Like before, I was being escorted away at lightning speed. It was taking longer than I expected for me to return to my body and I began to get worried that I would remain trapped forever between two realities. However I eventually began to feel a tingling sensation as if my appendages were being stabbed with hundreds of sharp needles. I gasped for air. Although my lungs rapidly filled and emptied with air I felt as if I just couldnt catch my breath. I didnt know where I was, as I still could not see anything. Eventually I was able to catch my breath and the burning sensation in my appendages began to subside. My body was so completely exhausted that before I knew it I was fast asleep.
When I awoke I found myself confined in a dimly lit cell. I assumed it was the same cell I had been in the first time I was arrested in Cuyamonga. To my great surprise, the door opened and in walked Truth and Justice. 

They got you too? I exclaimed. 

The cats glanced at one another slyly grinning. 

They never lost us! Truth responded. We were never with you!  

You mean to tell me you were working for Zarathustra the entire time? I stammered in confusion. 

Again the twins glanced at one another. 

We work for Socrates, declared Truth. You are no longer in Cuyamonga. Once they retrieved the information they needed, you were handed back over to us. We have something for you to sign. 

Justice produced the confession and handed it to me. 

I guess I may as well sign it, I said dejectedly. At least I know we tried. Utopia gave everything it had but the sheer number of our enemies overpowered us. 

Truth chuckled. 

Is that what you think? You are the most nave animal I have ever encountered. Utopias walls were breached because of betrayal. Both of your generals sold you out. 

No! I stuttered in astonishment. Thats impossible! Chauncey and Rizzo would never 

Chauncey, interrupted Justice, now works for Socrates. He is the commander in charge of the eastern half of the territory formerly known as Utopia. The western half of the conquered lands were ceded to Cuyamonga and Rizzo has been placed in charge. 

I couldnt believe my ears. I dropped my head in grief. Justice cocked his head and began staring at me inquiringly. 

You know where you went wrong? The moment you decided not to purge was the moment you lost power. You still dont appreciate the importance of purging do you? 

Lifting my eyes in indignation I thrust the confession back at my captors. 

Im not signing anything, I stated resolutely. 

I then turned my back on the twins. I could hear them chuckle. 

Have it your way! said Truth. 

Then the door slammed shut.

Chapter 13 - It is always consoling to think of suicide: in that way one gets through many a bad night. - Friedrich Nietzsche

After hours of restless sleep I was awakened by the sound of whispering above my head. I looked up and saw a squirrel perched at the edge of an opening that had been quarried into the wall. 

Great one! Im here to rescue you! 

Using all the strength I could muster, I leaped up onto the edge of the opening and followed the squirrel down the side of a tower where I was being held. We gradually made our way through the woods and exited into a clearing where at least one hundred animals were gathered. All remained silent. Remembering the hostile manner in which I was handed over to my enemies I stood before the crowd. 

Here I am! I declared. Kill your Commander if you wish! 

After a brief pause the crowd responded. 

Long live the Commander! 

They then marched with me in the direction of the Valley. All of a sudden I was struck with a sudden impulse and I stopped marching. I called for a messenger pigeon and taking him off to the side I gave him detailed instructions. 

Are you certain Commander? asked the messenger. 

Just do it, I sternly responded. 

After the messenger ascended into the sky I turned to address my steadily growing army. 

Utopian citizens! We will meet up at the valley. Theres something I need to take care of first. Long live Utopia! 

In a thunderous voice the army repeated my cry. 

Long live Utopia! 

We then separated. My army marched towards the valley while I headed towards the Cuyamongan River. I walked until I arrived at the location where our story began. I slowly approached the edge of the river and looked down upon the rapids but I already told you this part before.

Eventually I raised my eyes to the other shore of the river and saw that the mission I had sent the pigeon on was a success. Standing on the opposite shore was none other than Jeffery Chambers. He stared at me with an expression that betrayed a mix of emotions. He appeared happy to see me but at the same time he looked as if he were in shock. Jefferys eyes gazed at me in wonder as if all of this might be just a dream. Something else I noticed is that he was staring at me in a curious way that he had never done before. It was as if I looked the same but something about me was different and he just couldnt figure it out. 

Christopher? he exclaimed. What are you doing here? You were supposed to have been taken with Josie and Vincent to live in the country with a nice family. 

Jefferys mouth dropped open as I began to respond to his question. 

Im here because I needed to blaze my own path in the world. 

Jeffery nearly dropped to his knees. 

You can talk! he exclaimed. Christopher, Im so sorry that we had to give you guys away. We were forced to move and the new place didnt allow pets. 

I waved my paw dismissing his worries. 

Its ok, I said. I forgive you. I admit I was angry with you for a long time but Ive learned that in life many things are out of our control. Sometimes you have to make sacrifices in order to bring about the greater good. 

Jeffery looked at me in astonishment. 

Yes Thats true, he stammered. 

I interrupted him however because time was short and I needed to convey to him my last wishes. I related to him everything that had happened to me from the time I was separated from him. I asked him to make a record of my life for posterity and also so that he would always remember me. Jeffery reached out his hand to me. 

You dont have to do this Christopher! You can come live with us again. We are moving to a new place that allows pets. We can make a comfortable life for you. I promise that Ill do everything in my power to make sure you will never have to suffer again! 

I smiled. 

Thank you Jeffery. But I cherish my suffering. If I hadnt experienced all that pain I would not be the person that I am today. Besides I cant ignore reality. Ive seen too much, to pretend that the real world doesnt exist. 

A look of frustration spread across my fathers face. 

What are you talking about? he exclaimed. You cant have concluded based on your experiences that life is not worth living. 

I corrected him. 

This life which is nothing but a mere dream is not worth fighting for. I believe Ive learned all there is to be learned from this world. For instance, in this life the only thing we can control is ourselves. Incidentally that happens to be the one thing few are willing to do. Ive learned that in the end you die alone. No one can help you and theres nothing you can do to help others. All that you worked for in this life vanishes into oblivion. 

Noticing my fathers growing anxiety I attempted to comfort him. 

Dont worry Jeffery. Im no longer afraid. I used to fear that maybe Im not an animal at all but something else. I now realize that I am of course an animal its just that being an animal is not what I thought it was. The ideal of animal that I envisioned my entire life turns out to have been an imposter. 

Christopher! Jeffery returned. What if you are wrong about all of this? Once you take that leap, theres no coming back! 

A burst of confidence mixed with bitterness overtook me and I shouted back. 

Nothing in my short, pathetic, miserable life has ever felt so right! 

So I jumped. What happened next is for you to decide. I would like to think that I woke up to the reality that Socrates and Zarathustra promised to me. After all the bad decisions Ive made in my life, I figured sooner or later I was bound to make a right one.

 

Epilogue, by Jeffery Chambers-

The following story has been written by my hand at the request of one of my greatest friends. I feel I have completed my promise diligently without interjecting my personal feelings into the story. I felt it would be inappropriate to do so as this is Christophers story and not mine. However I would now like to take the opportunity to briefly share my feelings on the decisions he made and the conclusions he reached. 

I would like for it to be known that I do not agree with my friend Christopher about the majority of his conclusions. To say the least, he was a remarkable individual with a unique mind. After all, its not everyday that an animal teaches itself to talk then begins to explore the complicated questions surrounding the purpose of life. I believe that it was this unique mind that prevented Christopher from being happy. I offered him a life of comfort where he would never again have to be bothered by such troublesome questions but he refused. He couldnt live with the knowledge that he was living well, while other animals were suffering. I wish I could have made him understand that there is nothing he could do to change others. The best he could do is to set a good example and hope others would follow. I feel Christophers story is a warning example for all. Christopher was stubborn. He refused to compromise. He would rather end his life than live in a world that made no sense to him. In making this rash and foolish decision he has robbed us of the most remarkable animal mind the world has ever known. 

The greatest lesson Ive learned from my friends tragic story is the importance of humility. As human beings we often praise humility as a noble quality but in practice it is shunned. In order to succeed in life most people feel the need to dominate others. Its a dog eat dog world. Whether we admit it or not we are all influenced by this prevailing attitude. At times while Christopher was relating his story to me I marveled at his reasoning ability. It was not hard to see why he inspired confidence in the animals around him. Notwithstanding, Ive now had time to reflect on Christophers course and a certain fact stands out to me as noteworthy. This fact, which now seems to me to be so obvious, was never even considered by me while I was listening to the recounting of his tale. Im a little embarrassed to admit this because the before mentioned fact involves me directly. What Im referring to is the fact that although Christopher acknowledges his awareness of the existence of man, he never draws the obvious conclusion that their exists an organized system of things beyond his own. He uses animals existence and surrounding circumstances as a starting point to explain everything else in the world. Therefore he takes his own existence for granted. You and I know that there exist societies and systems of things far more advanced than that of the animal world. But we know this only because we are part of such a system. Pride is what caused my friend to overlook such an obvious fact. Perhaps we as human beings should all ask ourselves if pride is causing us to overlook similar facts. But thats just one mans opinion.

Sincerely,
Jeffery Chambers
###
Thank You for reading my book. If you enjoyed it wont you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?
Thanks!
William Chasterson

And now a sneak preview of my latest book Metaphysical Man !!!
Chapter 1  With great power comes great responsibility.

- Spiderman

Every day the world is increasingly becoming a more terrifying place to live in. Most city streets are flooded with crime. Injustice is the rule of the day. Millions are afraid to go out of their homes after dark as a result of the violent crime wave sweeping from one city to another. The horizon seems full of possibilities for evildoers. They can be seen everywhere walking with their heads held high confident about the future. Everywhere that is except for in Atro City. In Atro City the scumbags have been put on notice. There, criminals know that crime doesnt pay. They realize that if they break the law they will have Metaphysical Man to answer to. 
Now as far as superheroes go Metaphysical Man is no less capable than any other. Its been said that he can move at lightning speed and that he can lift three thousand times his own weight. Hes been rumored to level mountains by emitting laser beams from his eyes. Metaphysical Man has been around fighting crime for as long as anyone in Atro City can remember. No one knows where he came from or how old he is because he never seems to age. Though historians have traced back his history some six thousand years, Metaphysical Mans origins remain a mystery. In any case the citizens of Atro City dont seem to be too worried about these details. Theyre just happy hes there.
	As our story begins we encounter our hero flying high above Atro City as the sun begins to set. His red cape gently flutters as the wind glides between it and the tightly stretched yellow micro fiber suit revealing a muscular chiseled frame. Encountering an obstacle course of alternating clouds MM suddenly springs into tactical maneuvers. Reminiscent of an Olympic gymnast he gracefully twists his frame from left to right dodging between the mazes of nebulous. At this height MM must be aware that he is beyond the view of onlookers yet after every thrust he contracts one side of his body flexing all of the muscles and showing off his washboard abdominals. Our hero is in rare form as he develops this rhythm of movement. All at once the pattern of clouds becomes irregular and MM is engulfed by a large cloud. He desperately lurches his body around, arms and legs flailing. 

What the groans Metaphysical Man as he is struck in the face by a solid object. 
The thought, Am I under attack? quickly flashes across his perfect mind. Now certain it was a fist that struck him MM bursts out of his foggy prison wildly throwing punches. He jerks his head down fiercely and catches sight of a lifeless goose plummeting towards the earth. Frowning MM bristles his large dark eyebrows. Gradually his face blushes crimson. Again, Metaphysical Man must realize that there were no witnesses to this mistake. Nevertheless he suspiciously looks from side to side to confirm it. At lightning speed he flees the scene with an array of thoughts and emotions clouding his mind. Among these emotions is an unmistakable desire to revenge himself on somebody. 
	Metaphysical Man continues meticulously searching his route until finally he spots what hes been looking for. Three low-lives have a ten-year-old girl cornered against a brick wall in a dead end alley. With his perfect eyes the defender of justice quickly surveys the situation. The girl has bruises all over her arms and legs and her dress is torn. MM smiles. 
You scumbags picked the wrong night to disturb my citys peace. 
With one fist extended he plummets toward the crime scene. The little girl is so terrified she cant even scream. A pale round face with wide eyes just looks up at her attackers as if hoping for a miracle. She reminds Metaphysical Man of a little defenseless lamb cornered by a pack of wolves. As he stealthily lands, his red leather boots make no sound. His mind is now free from confusion. Hes already forgotten about the incident with the goose. Since no one witnessed it, did it really even happen? reasoned Metaphysical Man. He finally concludes that the event never actually happened the only remnant of the incident being the desire for vengeance, which is now stronger than ever. The scumbags begin closing in upon their prey. 
Hey little girl, taunts one of the men. We wont hurt you. We just want to play. 
The other two begin to laugh. Suddenly something catches the little girls attention. Her attackers expect their victim to be intently focused on whats about to happen to her. However her wide eyes dart just over the shoulders of these dregs of society and rest upon a large insignia with large red capital letters that read MM. This insignia is stretched across a yellow background in the shape of massive pectoral muscles. Although they hear nothing the strange actions of the girl cause all three of her attackers to turn simultaneously. Rapid movements of shadows dance across the girls pale face. She occasionally flinches as she gazes upon the action unfolding before her very eyes. As swiftly as it started the action is over and the bruised battered bodies of the three attackers lay in a heap off to the side. But the little girls attention is not focused on this heap of bodies. Her wide eyes are locked on the six-foot tall figure standing in front of her with outstretched hand and beaming eyes.
	What is it about super heroes that grip our imagination? No matter who we are, if were being honest with ourselves we have to admit that were captivated by super powers. From the time we were children we would pretend that we could fly like Superman, shoot lasers out of the palms of our hands like Iron Man, or become unbelievably strong like the Incredible Hulk. Even when the power doesnt seem to be the greatest, as long as it makes the bearer stand out from the huddling masses of ordinary human beings we are drawn to him. Take for example Batman. He has no super powers. He does however have a power that enables him to stand out from the other citizens of Gotham. His power consists of a combination of dark personality traits, exceptional martial arts ability, and an ever-increasing number of gadgets that no one else has. What do you think would happen if another of Gothams citizens suddenly discovered that they had the ability to fly or effortlessly pulverize boulders with their bare hands? Suddenly Batman doesnt seem so special. He fades into the background of every day human beings that we ignore. Its for that reason that there must exist a balance of power with regard to heroes and villains. A super villain must not have abilities so superior that the super hero cannot handle him. At the same time although we expect the hero to win, he must not be so powerful that no villains present a challenge for him. The possibility must always exist that the bad guy could actually win. For that reason if the super hero has an overabundance of power  which sometimes happens  he must also have an accompanying weakness to check his power. That being said, it must be noted that Metaphysical Man has no known weaknesses. 
	He can judge a situation simply by looking at the outside appearance of someone. He looks down at the girl and begins a process that has been carried out by him millions of times before. The little girl tugs at his cape and suddenly becomes animated as she excitedly explains her situation and how she arrived in this predicament. MM is forced to use one of his super powers in order not to be distracted while he renders judgment. His mind produces a force field to block out everything the girl is saying. A few words penetrate his defenses here and there. He hears the word abuse and captivity. However he quickly pushes these ideas out of his consciousness. You see Metaphysical Man recognizes that all human beings are liars. Truth doesnt exist in their world. If hes to render a proper decision he cannot be influenced by earthly ideas. As he watches the little girls mouth moving he hears no sound. He lifts one of his eyebrows and ponders. This little girl should not be alone in an alley at this time of night. What could have driven her from the security of home to aimlessly wandering the streets? Look at those bruises. This little girl has been through an ordeal. Metaphysical Man nods to himself as he arrives at his conclusion. Without saying a word he sweeps up the child into his arms and ascends into the sky. 
The girl buries her face into her protectors arms. Her sobs gradually lessen as it sinks in that her ordeal is over. Where else could her liberator be taking her but to a place of safety? Distress suddenly appears to register on the little girls face as she begins to look around. She seems to recognize her surroundings. She begins to struggle against Metaphysical Mans powerful muscles. He appears to not even notice the resistance as they descend upon a brick house with the windows boarded up. There are a couple of cars parked in the yard with tall weeds growing around the flat tires. The yard is strewn with empty beer bottles. As his red leather boots touch down on the porch of the house the girl immediately runs behind MM occasionally peeking around his cape to gaze at the weathered front door of the old house. Metaphysical Man knocks loudly on the door. After an interval of a few minutes the sound of squeaking floor boards gradually gets louder as someone approaches the door. All at once the door bursts open and loudly bangs against the front of the house almost coming off the hinges. A balding man with large hairy forearms and tattoos fills the doorway. With large bloodshot eyes he sizes up Metaphysical Man as if to demand to know, Who are you and why are you banging on my door like that? If looks could kill everyone on the porch would be dead. 
Citizen! declares Metaphysical Man appearing to not notice the mans irritation. 
Dont be alarmed. It is I, Metaphysical Man! 
MM pauses to let this information sink in. The superhero doesnt receive the response he was expecting however. The man lifts his eyebrows sarcastically and slightly jerks his head as if to say, And? MM ponders for a moment. He must not have heard me, he thinks. Or maybe he just woke up and hasnt put on his glasses yet. That must be why he doesnt recognize me. Metaphysical Man loudly clears his throat. 
I said have no fear citizen for 
I heard you the first time! interrupts the man. What I need to know is What the 
Suddenly he stops in mid- sentence, as something seems to catch his attention. MMs cape seemed to have moved by itself. The man frowns and looks suspiciously at the base of the cape where he thought he saw the movement. His suspicions are confirmed when the section of cape suddenly begins to tremble uncontrollably. A barely perceptible wicked smile seems to flash up then quickly disappear from the mans face. Instantaneously his demeanor changes. 
Oh Metaphysical Man! 
Looking back over his shoulder he shouts. 
Look dear! Metaphysical Man is at our door! 
Extending both of his rough hands he grips double M by the hand. 
To what do we owe this great honor sir? 
Metaphysical Man smiles widely displaying all of his perfectly shaped pearly whites. This is more like it, he thinks. In one fluid movement Metaphysical Man reaches behind him and produces the little girl. 
You must be this little girls father? 
Yes, replies the man without taking his eyes off the child. 
What has she done now? This one is nothing but trouble. And how she lies 
Double M gives a start. 
No sir you have it all wrong. This child is a victim. I rescued her from the grasps of some pretty unsavory characters. She must have wandered off while playing and unexpectedly found herself in the wrong place at the wrong time. Dont worry shes safe now. 
Double M hands the child over to the man and all at once he stoops down and begins hugging the child. 
You had your mom and me worried sick! Dont ever put us through that again. You hear? 
The man embraces the girl with one hand while pointing accusingly at the girl with his other hand. The childs reaction to her father seems a little out of place to Metaphysical Man. Instead of embracing him and expressing relief for being home safe, she has a blank look in her eyes and stands completely frozen. She must still be in shock, thinks MM. 
Inside, commands the man in a stern voice. 
Obediently the little girl walks into the house and disappears into the darkness. 
Thank you so much Metaphysical Man. How can we ever repay you for bringing our little girl back to us? 
Double M anxiously awaiting such a response waves his red-gloved hand and replies. 
The best way you can repay me is to make sure your little girl stays safe. There are a lot of sick people out there. 
Slightly turning MM extends his hand behind him drawing the mans attention to the city. The man responds by flashing a wide wicked smile at the super hero. He then turns and slams the door violently, once again shaking loose the hinges. Double M stands there for a moment staring at the closed door. On a sudden whim he lifts his gloved fist to knock on the door but then he has second thoughts and lowers his arm. He turns around and again begins to look from side to side as if someone is watching him. All of a sudden he goes down on one knee then with lightning quickness propels himself into the air like a rocket.
	As Metaphysical Man glides effortlessly across the sky he allows his perfect mind to relax and reflect on his recent actions. He asks himself why he had raised his fist to knock on the door in the first place. Hadnt this encounter gone like countless others before? He saved the damsel in distress. His beneficiaries had acknowledged his heroism and stroked his ego yet something seemed to be missing. He couldnt quite put his finger on it but lately he had been feeling a lack of certainty. Double M shakes his head vigorously as if waking from a dream. 
What are you doing Metaphysical Man? he thinks out loud. 
You see, doubting ones self, in Atro City was frowned upon. Doubting Metaphysical Man was straight blasphemy. 
Your being silly, he continues. That citizen acted appropriately didnt he? Its our citizens that make Atro City the greatest city on earth. Sure there are other cities out there but none as perfect as ours. There are other superheroes defending these cities but they will never achieve what we have because they don't understand the key. 
Double M nods confidently. Suddenly he catches a glimpse of something out of the corner of his eye causing him to pause in midair. From this height Metaphysical Man can see the entire city. Using his Meta vision he quickly identifies what threatens to disturb the harmony of Atro City. Double M grins slightly then defiantly glares into the distance at a two-story house that is engulfed in flames. 
Not on my watch! declares the superhero as he points his red leather covered index finger at the blazing edifice. 
With the same hand he forms a fist then descends toward the fire in the same fist-first manner he approached the previous crime scene. As he lands among the rescue workers the gathering crowd begins to applause. Noticing that the police barrier had been violated, Atro Citys finest begin closing in on Metaphysical Man. Suddenly a young man with horn-rimmed glasses and short black hair darts across the path of the officials and stands between Double M and the police. The young man is carrying bundles of files in paper sleeves all wrapped together in a worn brown leather carrying case. 
Hey! shouts a police captain. This is a restricted area. You need clearance to be in here! 
Doug, replies Metaphysical Man calmly. Show the captain my clearance. 
He then walks through the officials as if they werent even there. 
Sure thing Double M, pants Doug exhausted from running. 
Doug bends down on one knee and begins rifling through the files. Badges and certificates of every sort all bearing the name Metaphysical Man are sifted through until finally the proper documents are found. As his credentials are being verified in the background Double M inquires into the fire. 
Is there anyone still inside? 
A smoke blackened firefighter speaks up. 
We got most of the family out but the father rushed back in to save one of his children. 
The fireman wearily removes his helmet and rubs a sweat-covered forehead. 
Son or daughter? asks Metaphysical man. 
The fireman looks over at the visibly shaken family wrapped in blankets. 
Daughter, replies the fireman with a puzzled expression on his face. 
Suddenly an explosion bursts forth through the second story windows causing everyone to scatter. Everyone that is except Metaphysical Man. He just lifts his red cape covering his face from any projectiles. There is something unnatural about the flames. They seem to be reacting to the arrival of Metaphysical Man. The flames seem to burst forth angrily as if they are revolting against some invisible oppression. 
Double M bounds into action penetrating the flames that barred entry to the front door. Placing hand to ear he uses his Meta-hearing to identify movement in the house. MM runs to the staircase then flies to the top skipping every step. Squinting he notices movement at the other end of the hallway. As he approaches he sees the father with hands wrapped in his jacket struggling to open the door. Metaphysical Man reaches toward the man gripping him by the shoulder. Just as the man is pulled from in front of the entrance the door explodes off its hinges and smashes against the opposing wall. The father glances at his near death experience then quickly brushes it aside as he turns to enter the doorway. However Metaphysical Man is still gripping his shoulder. The man nearly pulls it out of its socket determinedly wrenching his body towards the entrance. 
Annie! screeches the man hysterically. 
Seconds later Metaphysical Man bursts through the front door gripping the man by the waist. The crowd erupts in applause but it is mixed with faint sounds of sobbing and cursing. All at once it is noticed that the man isnt at all grateful for having been rescued. He pounds on Metaphysical Mans chest. 
Let me go! he shouts. I need to save my little girl! 
As if unaware of the mans punches Metaphysical Man responds. 
Sorry but no one is allowed back inside. The percentage of risk compared to the probability of a successful rescue divided by the remaining quality of life makes this a closed issue. 
As Double Ms cold calculations begin to resonate the mans mouth drops open in disbelief. Metaphysical Man had reached behind his cape and produced a calculator. 
Your homeowners insurance is up do date? 
Metaphysical Man types rapidly on the calculator. 
And you had a life insurance policy covering the girl? 
Abruptly the man swings his arm and slaps the calculator from the super heros hands. It bursts violently on the street. 
Her name is Annie! Dont you dare talk about her. You have no right! Ill sue you and the city for wrongful death! the man shouts angrily. 
Silence falls over the crowd. They look at Metaphysical Man in disbelief then back to the man. Before MM has a chance to react the crowd begins to turn on the man. 
You cant talk like that to Metaphysical Man! someone shouts. Its your fault anyways! 
Disasters like this dont occur in Atro City for no reason! someone else adds. 
Ive seen this before, accuses a third voice. This man 
He points at the man. 
This mans sin is a lack of faith in man! 
Coming to his senses and being provoked by the crowd, the man begins to defend himself. 
Its not true! I always lease with 15% low APR financing. My expressed views are never a reflection of Atro City or its affiliates. All of my ideas are free of cholesterol and unsaturated fats
As Metaphysical Man lifts himself into the sky the still burning building begins to noisily collapse in on itself. The noise however steadily drifts away until it becomes barely audible to the super hero. Besides his thoughts are now elsewhere. 
Why was that citizen so angry? He was informed he would be monetarily reimbursed for the loss of his belongings. He and his wife are young. They can have another child. With luck maybe this time it will be a boy. The latest statistics show males give a greater contribution to society than do females. I wonder what my Klout score is? I could go for a latte just about now. Was the crowds swift response appropriate? They were so angry at the thought that someone was questioning the system. Of course I believe in the system with all of its checks and balances, but is it really a sin to have doubts? 
These thoughts flashed through Metaphysical Mans perfect mind at lightning speed. Lost in thought MM reaches his headquarters before he realizes it. A large statue of a partially eaten apple stands alone in the middle of a city block. This statue marks the location of Atro Citys only Apple store. In front of the statue is a large towering glass staircase that leads customers underground to the large Apple store showroom and a seemingly endless supply of hip geniuses wearing apple t-shirts. This part of the store is open to the public and every citizen of Atro City has access. However hidden behind the Apple statue is an entrance that is restricted to the public. This is Metaphysical Mans secret entrance to his underground layer, which resides even deeper underground beneath the Apple store showroom. 
A glass elevator plummets the superhero into the depths of the earth. Each layer of rock is clearly visible through the transparent walls of the elevator. The change in color of the walls mark the changing formations of earth and signal to Metaphysical Man how far he has to go to reach his destination. Double M feels a slight perspiration about to break out on his forehead but it is quickly extinguished as the flow of air-conditioning rushes into the opening elevator doors. Double M walks down the corridor and enters a large room that has the appearance of a first class airport lounge. There are newspaper and magazine racks of every sort, fine leather sofas, bar stools and Mac book stations. As soon as Metaphysical Man enters the room a young man with sideburns and thin circular framed glasses approaches him. 
Its Metaphysical Man everyone, the young man shouts. Let me take that for you your Excellency. 
The man removes Double Ms cape and folds it over his arm. He then bends down to remove the superheroes red leather boots. 
Thanks Bart, responds Double M wearily. 
Metaphysical Man notices Barts bald spot at the top of his dark blonde hair. Because of the sideburns and the fact that Bart keeps his hair cut so low it is not usually noticeable that he is balding. From this angle however it is conspicuous. Bart looks up at Double M and smiles. Metaphysical Man quickly looks away. A young woman wearing a Rasta cap with short straight red locks jutting out of the sides seems to appear from nowhere. She begins powdering Metaphysical Mans face with perfumed talc and spritzing him with body spray. 
Oh, hi Maggie. I didnt see you there. 
Bart and Maggie follow Metaphysical Man to the bar and sit with him until his normal booth is ready. Behind the bar stands Fred a slightly overweight bartender with salon styled brown hair low cut on the sides and slightly graying. Despite being slightly overweight he is wearing slim cut casual dress clothes. He has European cut jeans, a tweed jacket with leather patches on the elbows and penny loafers with no socks. Fred adjusts his spectacles. 
Whatll it be Double M? he asks. 
Metaphysical Man distractedly looks up from his I pad mini. 
Oh, sorry Fred. Ill have my usual. 
Cinnamon infused latte coming up, replies Fred turning to prepare the order. 
Double M goes back to simultaneously checking his social media stats while chatting up his friends. 
Face book notifications: seven hundred and thirty three pokes, three hundred and seventy four friend requests, six hundred and nine new likes for my pages and one thousand three hundred and two comments on a photo that I was tagged in. Twitter notifications: eight hundred and thirty one new followers, twelve tweets, nine thousand six hundred and eighty seven retweets, nine thousand six hundred and eighty seven tweets favorited. 
Metaphysical Man looks up. 
Whats that Maggie? Yes I tried to calm the crowd down. They said he lacked faith in man. I didnt even notice the television cameras. They exiled him from the city? No I didnt hear. 
Metaphysical Man shifts his eyes to his tablet screen. 
Klout Score: one hundred percent, Instagram news: seven hundred and nine new followers, thirteen hundred likes along with thirteen hundred comments. Vine: sixteen hundred vines liked and revined. Word press blog:  nine hundred and seven new followers, eight hundred and three likes and comments on my post. 
Metaphysical Man nods. 
Yes thats right Bart. Its called Songs of Innocence. I havent decided yet. 
Double M checks to see how many Swarm friends are following his tips on Foursquare. He checks his You tube channel stats, his Linked In connections, his Tumblr, Google plus and Pinterest stats. When he is finally satisfied he begins to sip his latte which is still hot though it had been served a while ago. Metaphysical Man looks over to see his booth is now ready. His friends Shaun Dan and Holly are already seated and waving him over. 
Later guys, says Double M excusing himself. 
Cheers dude, responds Bart. 
	Shaun a tall blipster with a full beard and Malcolm X glasses is munching on a vegan Panini on one side of the booth while Dan and Holly play footsy on the other side. Dan who sported a chin beard always wore a cap. He was considered the music historian of the group because although he kept up with all of the emerging indie bands he was a classic rock junkie. He owned such a large catalogue of music it was said that he could start his own radio station and never repeat a song. Holly had long dirty blonde hair and her arms and legs were covered in colorful tattoos. Metaphysical Man sits down next to Shaun. 
Did you guys read that article in the Weekly Muse about modern man? asks Shaun. 
The article compared man throughout history and concluded that the idea of modern man is a myth. 
Metaphysical Man looks up from his latte. 
What do you mean a myth? Modern man is to medieval man what medieval man was to the ape. Our ancestors thought the earth was flat. How could the author of the article conclude that we are the same as those primitives? 
Well, replies Shaun excitedly, That statement you just made about us coming from apes is one of the examples the author used to prove his point. He contended that Darwins theory, which is still taught in modern classrooms, is an old throwback theory, which would have been challenged and replaced with something new by now if modern man actually existed. Modern man is a label he places on himself to define his present flawed understanding of things. 
Dan angrily slams his fist on the table. 
You sound like you agree with the author! Hes a lunatic. He doesnt believe in man! 
Relax, urges Shaun noticing Dan is about to create a scene. 
I didnt say I agreed with the article. I just think its an interesting hypothesis. You know worthy of discussion. 
Dan looks over to Metaphysical Man. 
Tell him Double M. Youve been around longer than any of us. If anyone can shed some light on the subject its you. Werent you formed by the big bang? 
This is one of the subjects Metaphysical Man usually avoided. He didnt see the need to reflect on his origins. Why are they so obsessed with the past? thinks Metaphysical Man. We are living in the most important time in history. A sudden chill sweeps through Metaphysical Mans body as he now realizes that this is a belief he had been harboring over the centuries. For the first time in his life he notices the inherent contradiction of his ideology. All at once he has a vague premonition that someone or something is controlling things. 
Well Double M? Tell him. 
Metaphysical Man opens his mouth to say something but is interrupted by Doug who had just come running into the room. 
Did Double M fill you guys in on what happened back at the fire? That jerk actually had the nerve to lay his hands on Metaphysical Man. You showed a lot of restraint by the way. 
Doug looks with eyes of admiration at Metaphysical Man. 
Very classy boss. Lucky for him too, you could have ripped him in half had you wanted to. The crowd wasnt as understanding as you were. I stuck around myself to tear him a new one but the crowd wouldnt let me near him. Thats why Im just now getting in. 
Good! replies Dan without looking up. 
So what ended up happening to the man? asks Holly. 
They finally expelled him from the city, replies Doug. Can you imagine? Its like he expected society to come to a halt for the sake of one person. For us to throw away all the progress weve made. 
Doug draws his attention back to Metaphysical Man. 
You guys should have seen him. Double M is always awesome but tonight he was in rare form. First he 
As Doug goes on to relate all the details of Metaphysical Mans exploits Double M allows his mind to wander. 
Listen to this guy. I mean Im sure I was impressive but hes going too far. 
He shakes his head. 
What am I thinking? Doug is a good guy. He means well, even if at times he is a little over the top. 
Metaphysical Man enjoyed hearing himself praised. But there was something about the way that Doug did it that at times turned his stomach. This is one of those times. 
Whats the matter? Youre leaving already? asks Shaun. 
Metaphysical Man is already halfway to the door of his inner chambers when he turns back around. 
Sorry fellas. Im not feeling myself tonight. 
You should listen to Dark side of the Moon by Pink Floyd, suggests Dan. When Im not feeling well that album puts my mind at ease. 
You should try those new super omega soft gel capsules with flax seed and fish oil, adds Holly. Also have some green tea with extra antioxidants. 
It sounds like you need inversion therapy, contributes Shaun. We spend ninety five percent of our lives right side up. Gravity exerting a pull on our organs in only one direction is very hard on the nervous system. You need to hang upside down for a few hours. That will make you feel better. 
Metaphysical Man thanks his friends for the suggestions before retiring into his inner chambers. He walks past a wall covered in framed newspaper articles featuring himself in various fighting poses. Depending on the year of the article his outfit is slightly altered to reflect the style of the time. The style of his current yellow suit with red leather flourishes is called postmodern metro retro. Double M pauses by his floor to ceiling aquarium that serves as one of the dividing walls in his inner chamber. As he taps on the glass, exotic fish of every sort crowd towards the sound. He continues walking deeper into his chambers passing his personal library, which contains fine leather-bound books and novels dating back to the sixth century. Its been said that Metaphysical Man need only to read something once and he remembers it forever. He pulls one of the books off the shelf at random and begins reading aloud the title. 
Civilization and Its Discontents. By Sigmund Freud 
Double M flips through a few pages of the book and begins reading. 
Normally there is nothing of which we are more certain than the feeling of our self, our or ego. This ego appears to us as something autonomous and unitary, marked off distinctly from everything else. But such an appearance is deceptive and on the contrary the ego is continued inwards without any sharp delimitation into a sharp unconscious mental imagery which we designate as the id and for which it serves as a kind of faade. 
Metaphysical Man stops reading and reflects on what he thinks he already knows. He flips ahead a couple of pages and continues reading. 
A further incentive to the disengagement of the ego from the general mass of sensations that is to a recognition of an outside, an external world is provided by the frequent manifold and unavoidable sensations of pain and unpleasure. The removal and avoidance of which is enjoined by the pleasure principle in the exercise of its unrestricted domination. The tendency arises to separate from the ego anything that can become a source of unpleasure, to throw it outside and to create a pure pleasure ego which is confronted by a strange and threatening outside. The boundaries of this primitive pleasure ego cannot escape rectification through experience. Some of the things one is unwilling to give up because they cause pleasure are nevertheless not ego but object. And some sufferings that one seeks out to expel turns out to be inseparable from the ego in virtue of their internal origin. One comes to learn a procedure by which through a deliberate direction of ones sensory activities and through suitable muscular action one can differentiate between what is internal, what belongs to the ego and what is external what emanates from the outside world. In this way one makes the first step toward the introduction of the reality principle, which is to dominate future development. This differentiation of course serves the practical purpose of enabling one to defend oneself against sensations of unpleasure which one actually feels or with which one is threatened. To fend off certain unpleasurable excitations arising from within, the ego can use no other method than that which it uses to fend off certain unpleasure coming from without. And this is the starting point of important pathological disturbances. In this way then the ego detaches itself from the external world, or to put it more correctly originally the ego includes everything later it separates off an external world from itself. 
Metaphysical Man places the book back on the shelf, sits back in his black leather sofa, grabs the remote and begins flipping through an extensive list of channels on his new Samsung Curve Ultra HD large screen TV.
Landing on Fuse he lifts one of his large bushy eyebrows in interest. Kanye West is prancing across the screen with his chest puffed out proclaiming, Man, I'm the No. 1 living and breathing rock star. I am Axl Rose; I am Jim Morrison; I am Jimi Hendrix.
Suddenly Metaphysical Man becomes aware of a flashing siren on the wall in the shape of an M. Realizing that he is being summoned by the commissioner of Atro City, Double M suits up. Seconds later the superhero is seen determinedly jutting across the sky toward the downtown area in his signature fist first manner.



About the author:
My name is William Chasterson. Im a writer and a student of history. I was raised in the Midwest of the United States in a very conservative town of about 15,000 people. In my twenties I moved to New York which is where Ive been for the past 15 years. After the first few years of culture shock I was finally able to settle into my environment and actually consider myself a New Yorker. For the past year however Ive been living in the third world.

Connect with me:

Follow me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/wchasterson
Friend me on Facebook: http://Facebook.com/Williamchasterson
Subscribe to my blog: http://williamchasterson.wordpress.com/
Favorite me at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/456166











