


Shadow Cult Prophecy

Book One of
Skulls of Atlantis

Created by
Aaron B. Campbell

Written by
Aaron B. and Kristin R. Campbell
Scott Dathe
Cody Carpenter

All rights reserved.
Copyright 2014 Dark Sky Publishing LLC. at Smashwords
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance of characters to persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. The Author holds exclusive rights to this work. Unauthorized duplication is prohibited.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for the recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

http://www.skullsofatlantis.com

Cover Design by Tim Collins and Mike Bauer
Edited by C&D Editing

Shadow Cult Prophecy  Book 1
Prologue

Esephris ran through the darkened wheat fields towards the orange glow of the fires. His heart pounded in his chest and his lungs burned despite the cool night air. The night sky was clear, the stars twinkling brightly in the dark, but there was a thick darkness above the unfamiliar town, which appeared to be storm clouds rolling in. Although, instead of thunder roaring in with the clouds, there were screams.
His right hand was clutched at a leather pouch strapped to his belt, holding it steady. He could catch glimpses of the bright blue light from within it. He was disoriented, unsure of where he was. Everything seemed to be on fire. As he drew closer to the town, he could see a building go up in flames while something very large let out a bone chilling roar. He nearly froze on the spot, but knew he could not stop.
As he reached the outskirts of the town, he slowed his pace. It had gone silent for the time being. He could only hear the flames as they devastated everything in their path. He glanced up at the sky again. The clouds completely blocked out the night sky now, thick as oil. 
Esephris slowly lifted his right hand up and drew the Matchra sword from its sheath on his back, attaching it to the rune plate on his left forearm. At the base of the sword were mechanical tentacles that, when near the rune plate, would automatically wrap and intertwine with the plate. The double-edged sword would wind tightly down to the plate and extend out a few feet past the top of his hand. Holding it out in front of him, he entered the village, moving slowly so as not to attract attention.
He reached down and opened the flap on his pouch, examining the blue, glowing, crystalline orb inside. He continued to glance at it periodically as he moved through the streets. 
He walked about a block before he saw the first bodies. Then they were everywhere. The streets were flowing in blood and littered with bodies while bloody trails could be seen lining the walls of the town. He was horrified by the sheer brutality these innocent people had been forced to suffer, their bodies mangled and torn apart. Annihilated. That was the only word to describe the scene; completely destroyed.
Why do this? Esephris muttered to himself right before he heard a crash from his right and turned towards it, ready to fight. 
The sound had come from behind a row of shops. Esephris checked the orb in the pouch again. Still blue. It was nothing, he thought. He turned around and made a left at the next street, heading for the town square.
He suppressed a cough as he walked; the smoke was getting thicker the closer he got to the center of town. Ashes were falling like snow, swirling around in the cool night breeze. Ahead, he could see the fountain located in the center of the town square. It was the focal point in this town. He knew then he was in Senu, about a hundred miles northeast of Atlantis. 
Senu was a city of libraries and museums full of literary history, art, and priceless artifacts. The fountain was a wonderful getaway for tourists to the area. A place for congregating with new friends and locals. One where women gossiped with friends while they allowed the water to cool their heated bodies. A place for children to play and chase the water as it sprayed a dance of arches about the fountain and town square areas.
The fountain was an elaborate design that tempted all to be near it, drawing families in. Standing thirty feet in the air, stone bowls seemed to float around it at different levels on a single, vertical axis, one catching the water from another above as they made their way past each other, filling each bowl before flooding down to the next one beneath it. When the wind blew, the water would rain in the direction the wind carried it, misting passersby with its cool, refreshing cleanliness. It wasnt clean now
In the debris ridden streets, there were piles of bodies stacked around the fountain. He could also see that something was on top of it, but he was still too far away to spot it clearly through the smoke. 
What could have caused this kind of destruction? What force was strong enough to annihilate an entire town, burn everything in sight, and come in like a storm when there was no lightning, no rain, no wind? Forget the dark, ominous clouds, if this was the work of vandals, where were they? If an army had come through, why couldnt they be seen? 
Esephris knew he was now facing an evil force unlike any other before. He had never imagined this truth. Why him? What was drawing him into such danger?
He quickened his pace slightly, moving for the fountain. When he was close enough to clearly see it, he wished he hadnt. 
At the top of the fountain, a small boy, maybe eight-years-old, had been hung by his neck, his face twisted and discolored in such a way it suggested he had struggled for air and not that his death had been instant by a broken neck. He was covered in blood, though none of it appeared to be his as there were no wounds on the boys body. It looked as if he had been hung and then had blood thrown at him as he suffocated. The water flowing from the top of the fountain was slowly washing the blood away from his body, staining the fountain red.
Esephris felt hot, angry tears welling up in his eyes and his legs all of a sudden felt weak, the adrenaline from running wearing off, making way for despair to now course through his body. He was stunned by the level of cruelty the boy had suffered. He didnt know why, but he felt he had to get the child down. He couldnt leave him hung up in such a way. 
He hurried to the fountain, triggering the tentacles of his sword to release. He set the sword down on the edge as he hopped in and waded through the bloodied water. He climbed the fountain and took hold of the childs body, lifting it onto one of the bowls before he loosened the rope and pulled if off the boys neck. Then he picked him up and lifted him over his shoulder and began the slippery climb down. When he had reached the bottom again, he carried the boy and laid him on the edge of the fountain.
Im sorry this happened to you. Your soul will find peace now, Esephris said quietly as he washed the blood from the boys face.
That was when something caught his eye. He opened his pouch again and his heart froze. The orb was glowing orange now, like fire was swirling around inside the ball.
No! he hissed, realizing his sword was a few feet away from him. 
Before he could move, a storefront across from him exploded. Thick plumes of black smoke poured out of the demolished building as a large, black beast charged at him. 
The beast stood about twenty feet tall. Its stone skin was hard and black, yet it cracked as the beast moved, showing molten lava inside that blazed through the darkness of its body. The face was gruesome with eyes an incandescent yellow; fire breathing out of two slits for a nose; and a mouth gaping open from lips that were wide, thick hunks of flesh that closed together like a claw. Hard stone plates spiked out of the beasts back, the blade-sharp defense mechanism making it all the more horrifying. Its limbs were thicker than tree trunks, and its hands were raptorialdeeply cleft with strong, sharply curved razor tips for talonsand could grasp a person easily. The feet were similar to an elephants; strong, thick trunks, but with separate, long, thick, ground pounding toes. 
Esephris quickly reached into the pouch and pulled the orb out. He raised it towards the beast, and the orb flashed brightly, blinding the monster, causing it to roar angrily as it blindly stumbled and smashed through the fountain, sending Esephriss sword flying.
He leapt out of the way at the last second, the beasts arm narrowly missing him before it slammed face first into the ground. Esephris rolled and made a run for his sword, still clutching the glowing orb in his hand, while the monster got to its feet again, growling furiously. It turned slowly to face him. Its eyes were as black as ebony now, yet seemed to glow in the firelight of the burning buildings.
Your corpse will burn in this place! the beast roared, its voice gravelly, made all the more sinister simply for the fact this beast could talk.
Esephris snatched up his sword from the debris with his free hand. As soon as he touched it, the dark blue and silver blade seemed to fill with a blue fire. Automatically wrapping the rune plate on Esephriss forearm, it now glowed as brightly as the orb he held. 
While the beast charged him again, Esephris stood his ground, his sword ready. Closing the distance, the beast began to swing for him. Esephris finally moved, leaping towards the monster responsible for all of this destruction. At the last possible moment, he swung his sword at the beasts head
Chapter One

Esephris, its time to wake up!
Esephris Kanafu groaned in exasperation at hearing his mothers voice. At nineteen-years-old, it was still common for young men and women to live at home with their parents due to their education running until about the age of twenty, give or take a few years, depending on what career one went into. Esephris was in his last year of formal education, starting today in fact. The next step would be his apprenticeshipwhatever that would be which started next rotation, a year from now.
He rolled over in his bed, pulling the blankets over his head. The dream was already fading from his memory. He could only remember the boy hanging above the fountain, the monster charging him, feeling the heat from the things body, and then there was the feeling of terror and disgust clinging to him. He felt shaky and a little nauseous, but it was passing as quickly as the dream was fading from his mind.
He lay there in his bed for a few more minutes, trying desperately to fall back asleep. After his mother shouted for him again, he decided it was pointless to try to sleep further. He crawled across the bed, sitting on the edge and rubbing his eyes. 
He could hear his father speaking to someone downstairs. The family cottage being small but homey allowed for most conversations to filter through the walls. He couldnt quite make out the words that were being said, however he could hear enough to know his father was speaking to someone other than his mother; he sounded fairly excited as he talked.
Esephris, your food is getting cold, and youre going to be late! his mothers voice shouted up the stairs.
Im coming! Esephris shouted back and began getting ready for the eventful day.
*
I swear that boy will be the death of me, Christine, Esephriss mother, said as she entered the kitchen. Her husband, Dannel, sat at the table, preparing to eat his breakfast. 
With whom were you speaking to on the requinizer? she asked her husband as she resumed cooking breakfast for her small family. 
The requinizer was a tabletop, water-misting, holographic projection used for communicating over vast distances. When it was disconnected, the device looked like a tranquil waterfall, however when a call was connected, a mist was created. It swirled around a rune at the top, bouncing in and out, vibrating and lighting up as it produced sound and the device projected an image of the dispatcher.
It was Ka. He was calling about Esephriss schooling, he answered, taking a sip of his drink.
What about it? 
He wanted us to know that his class schedule has been changed. Ka has invited Esephris to study under him.
Christine dropped her spatula suddenly. It bounced off the pan and onto the floor with a small clatter. She spun around, facing her husband who was still calmly eating. What do you mean he wants to teach Esephris? She was suspicious of the illustrious Ka; it was no secret. There were simply too many rumors flying around about the man.
It means exactly that. He has offered to teach Esephris one-on-one. He has guaranteed a great education for our son.
But why Esephris? Ka barely knows him.
Who in their right mind would care? It is a tremendous opportunity for him. Esephris can challenge the change in his education, but I think it would be stupid to let this pass. Hes nineteen-years-oldthe age to decide his apprenticeship. Besides, it wont be that different; he will still be at the Temple with his peers. It is only his educationalists and mentor who will have changed. Ka was only calling to ask our blessing. 
And what did you say?
Dannel only smiled, his blue eyes crinkling at the corners. He was a very handsome man by anyones definition with his brown hair, highlighted golden by spending all day in the sun. His body was well-toned and tanned from working all day outside on a farm. 
Christine sighed as she picked up the spatula to clean it then went back to cooking silently for a few minutes until her husband broke the silence.
You know hes not getting up, he teased the maternal woman.
Esephris, Im serious! Christine shouted and Dannel chuckled.
Footsteps raced down the hall, and soon, Esephris burst into the kitchen as he finished wrapping his shirt closed.
Good morning, Mother, he said, hugging the frustrated woman before hurrying to his place at the table. It smells delicious.
His mother smiled at him in return of his compliment. 
Esephris favored his mother. They both had hair so dark it was almost black with shimmering, deep reds highlighted throughout whenever the sunlight touched it. Instead of sharing the blue eyes most Atlantiincluding his fatherhad, their eyes were a deep brown, outlined by black with darker flecks splattered in their iris. His mother was slim, due to working hard all her life while Esephris was built like his fathertoned and muscled from spending eight months out of the year working the farm. 
You look like youre ready for the Temple, Dannel commented. Are you excited?
Yes, sir, but Im a little nervous, too, Esephris replied as his mother brought him a plate of sheni eggs from a fish created by Atlis to produce the deep red, hard-shelled delectable; ground yett, which was a hundred pound, hairless rodent; and fried pana root, a green sweet potato-like root.
Youll be fine. You always are. Have you thought about what field you want to study in your apprenticeship? As I was just telling your mother, this is the year to decide. 
A little bit. Im not really sure what I want. Esephris shoveled his food down between words, not really wanting to talk further into choosing a profession. He kept making excuses for himself, arguing in his mind that he still had time. Picking a profession was a lifelong choice. What if he picked something that he hated within a year? He couldnt imagine doing the same job year after year that he would grow to despise. What kind of a life was that?
Well, make sure you pick something you enjoy doing but is also something you can excel at. Follow your marks, and you will be fine. Some people make hasty decisions, ignoring their markings, and end up regretting it. You only get one chance. His father had just plucked the words right out of Esephriss own mind. 
Dannel was a farmer and agricultural artist, a very dedicated and happy one at that, inventing all sorts of popular and delicious fruits. His wife was the perfect farmers companion, too. They worked together efficiently, running a farm filled with livestock, fields of template plantsa plant that was a genetic base that could be easily manipulated to produce nearly anything you could imagineand groves of custom designed fruit trees. His father had his own group of young apprentices who learned while helping his father support the farm and experiment with new species. Yes, Dannel was a very creative and prosperous yet humble man.
His mother had her own greenhouse where she nurtured vegetables to feed her small family, plus allow her love of biota studies to be explored. She had an amazing array of exotic plants she had cultivated from template plant and a few life forms once rumored to be extinct. She even had her own young, female apprentice that she taught to nurture the small garden. A young, female apprentice Esephris had gotten acquainted with on more than one occasion.
At that thought, Esephris snapped himself back into the conversation. I know, Father. I understand fully and will think about it.
Are you going to tell him about your most recent conversations? Christine added. 
Esephris gave her a slightly confused look, his interest piqued, and then looked at his father questioningly.
I spoke with Ka this morning. He has offered to give you one-on-one schooling in the Atli sciences and advanced technologies. He seems to think youll do well in that. I guess all those years of doing research here on the farm seems to have paid off. 
Esephris unconsciously placed his fork down on the plate, feeling his face go a little pale. Really?
Of course its your choice. You know as well as I do you can take whoevers oath you wish. It might be a little embarrassing, but if you wish to stay with your friends in class, you may. However, youll be sharing housing with them, and its not like youll be goofing off with them; youll be preparing to become a citizen. If you study under Ka, youll get a first-rate education and some hands-on experience with some pretty high-level equipment. Careers in that kind of science are very prestigious, and if you accept his offer, there is no doubt in my mind you can change our world. You will have the ride to the Temple today to think about it, his father finished.
What about my friends? Esephris couldnt help the childish whine in his voice. This might be the last year to spend time with his childhood companions. If he had known about the offer from Ka last year, then he would have had that year to have a proper goodbye with them; partying all hours of the night, philandering with the citys women, pulling off the ultimate pranks on the teachers who had been the most austere with coursework. Now he feared there wouldnt be time for that.
Youll still see them outside of class. Just promise that youll think about Kas offer.
How can I not? Esephris questioned sarcastically then resumed eating. He felt a little nauseous after the news he had received, though. 
Ka was part of the Council of Light, one of the most revered leaders of Atlantis. He was rumored to be a giantover fifteen feet tallover ten thousand-years-old, and had built Atlantis himself. In truth, the man had redesigned the process of the Atlantis teleportation gates. The new gates expanded travel worldwide by placing two large illuminatium plates, one negatively charged and the other positively, across the planet from each other. Ka was able to infuse the plates with illuminatium as the source of energy. It was almost like the energy of the sun, but much hotterburning, scolding, beyond nuclear hot.
The process in which this worked was by a teleporter pod hitting the first plate at an extremely high velocity, incinerating the teleporter on contact. The atomic information that plate had received from the atoms of the pods contents would be instantaneously reflected by the other plate across the world. Because that information existed, the energy from the illuminatium plate would be able to convert back into the matter from which it had been, prior to incineration.
Illuminatium was an energy source from an ultra-dense metal technology brought to Atlantis from Nibiru. Thousands of miles wide and three miles high, massive crystals pulsated up and down inside the Atli volcano, pumping energy into a pool that created a current in the magma, housing and liquefying the illuminatium, which was contained deep within a hollowed out, engineered chamber inside the volcano. When liquefied, the illuminatium emitted an energy field which could be tapped into. 
The volcano was fortunately located in the center of the mass continent, making it easy to disperse the energy around the world. Veins of magma spread from the gigantic volcano to cities and towns around the world of Atlantis, powering all technology, including runes, requinizers, lights, lantium cars and trains, gates, and basically everything close to Atlantiss surface, and especially areas near the underground magma and illuminatium veins that covered the globe like a web. Subsequently, if the volcano ever went extinct, so would all devices and machines on the planet. 
The fact that Ka had taken an interest in Esephris made him a little uneasy. He had never even met Ka, so how did he even know Esephris existed? And why would he choose him? True, Esephris had shown an interest in science and technology. He had high marks from his classes, had created some popular fruits for his father, yet was it enough to warrant this kind of attention from the manthe god of illuminatium himself? This was why Esephris felt sick.
Esephris, your ride will nearly be here; hurry up and finish your breakfast so you can get cleaned up, his mother told him, snapping him back to reality.
Esephris followed his mothers orders in silence, shoveling down the rest of his food then washing it down with his glass of juice. He got up from the table and hurried down the hall to the bathroom where he brushed his teeth carefully, making sure they looked as good as possible. If he was really to meet Ka, he should look his best.
As he washed his face of any trace of food, he could feel the nervousness in his stomach. He always felt that way before school, but today, it was worse. This day was not going according to the ideas he had in mind. It only got worse when he saw the lantium car coming down the road from the window. From his vantage point, he could see for miles down the road that curved around the bay. Framed in the Kaf volcanic island chain at night, you could see the lights of the massive floating city, Amuna.
Esephris, its time to go, his father hollered.
He hated how they still treated him like he was twelve. 
Esephris took one last glance at himself in the mirror, staring at himself in the shadowed recesses of his dark eyes, and gave himself a nod of encouragement before running to his room to grab his luggage that he had packed the night before. 
He would be living at his school much longer than previous years. Previous years, school only lasted four months, where the other eight were spent playing on the farm and then, in later years, working alongside his parents and their apprentices. Not this year. This year would be a rigorous, twelve whole months of non-stop education, cramming his former years of education and whatever else there was to learn into his cranium ten hours a day. It wasnt really much of a year to look forward to, which was another reason he wished he had more time with his friends. 
He snagged a family picture off his desk and shoved it into his bag then hurried down the hall where he found his parents waiting for him by the front door.
Have you got everything? Dannel asked.
Yes, sir. Esephris nodded.
His father opened the door and escorted him outside with his mother following behind them. 
The sun was shining brightly outside and there wasnt a cloud in the sky. Esephris looked out across the fields of base plants swaying slightly in the gentle sea breeze to his right. Beyond the fields, he could see the ships on the ocean, mostly fishermen beginning their days. Directly in front of him and across the road was his fathers orchard. Already, his apprentices could be seen working up and down the ladders, plucking the sweet fruits from the branches. 
He took a deep breath, inhaling the sweet fragrance of the fleshy fruits mixing with the salt from the sea. This was the familiar smell that would help him remember home when he had been gone for too long and felt homesick for his parents quant life.
His attention was drawn away by the soft hum of the approaching lantium car. The long, pod-shaped vehicle glided down the dirt road in front of their home. The top half of the car had a protective glass that fully slid into the sides of an undercarriage to open up for passengers to climb in. The undercarriage had a slight purplish glow that was harder to see in the day. The hyper-malleable deck could form the car into whatever it needed to fit its needs. In other words, if there was a need for more seats to accommodate passengers, then seats would be generated. Need a bathroom, add a wall and amenities. 
It slowed as it neared them, coming to a complete stop in front of the Kanafu familys yard. The glass slid open and then stairs formed down as a grey-haired man stepped into view.
Good morning! How are we all doing today? the man asked cheerfully.
Were doing very well, thank you. How are you? Dannel replied.
Busy, but I wouldnt have it any other way. Looks like school is starting up again, the man replied then turned to Esephris. Are you ready?
Esephris nodded.
Well, let me take your bags for you and you can say your goodbyes. he man picked up Esephriss bags, carrying them aboard the lantium car.
Well, this is it, Dannel said, patting his son on the back. Youre going to do great there. And remember to think about what I told you.
Esephris patted his fathers back in return. I will.
Then his mother hugged him tightly and planted a few kisses on his face, making him go red with embarrassment. Make sure you write or call us every week.
I love you, son. Work hard, Dannel called out as Esephris turned away from them.
I will, Esephris replied as he left his parents and climbed the stairs into the car. He stood inside and waved at them until the top enclosure slid shut with a low hiss. 
When he was fully separated from them by the wall of glass, he took one last look at his home for the last nineteen years. The large cottage made of stoneits windows with the trapezoid and oblong shapes; the front door with its curved shaped; the long, sloping rooftops; the large chimney shooting up from the side of the house; his mothers greenhouse
He felt an impending doom that this would be the last time he ever saw his childhood home again while he glanced back to his parents. They stood, watching together as the lantium car began to move, turning in its place before gliding off in the direction it had come. He knew they would continue watching until it was out of sight. 
It was always hard for his parents to see him leave each year.
Chapter Two

Nearly four thousand miles to the northwest of the Kanafu farm, Bestot stood at his bedroom window, staring into the darkness outside. It was early morning, before dawn, but he didnt mind, unlike most kids his age. He had been conditioned to rise early since he had been very young. In fact, he had been up even earlier today. His bed was already made and he was dressed, eager to leave home. 
Today, school was beginning for the other kids. For him, today was the beginning of his military training on the expansive slopes of the Atli volcano; weaponry, hands-on combat, strategy, studies on past conflicts and the art of war, flying air ships and operating terra vehicles, tactical formations, the list went on and on. Everything and anything focused on military training, Bestot would learn. From this day on, he would strive to be the very best. He wanted to be a General, like his father. Furthermore, he knew he would succeed, for he had been studying for this career all his life, spending his eight months at home from school training with his fathers men.
He could see the lights of the northern military city of Morren twinkling down in the valley. The city was essentially a military baseone of two, each one located North and South of the continent. All the citizens of Morren were military or the family of someone who was, as Bestot was the son of the general of Morren. The citizens who were not military worked for those who were as chefs, servants, technicians, operators, and farmersnot that there was much to farm in the freezing forests and high tundra, but there were greenhouses. 
The night sky was clear and the moon lit the mountains and forests surrounding it. He glanced back at his bags, going over a mental checklist. He wanted to be absolutely prepared and ready when the sun came up; therefore he left the window and re-opened his bags. He sorted through everything, making sure it was all therehis uniforms; his favorite biographies of past generals; his toiletries, which were very uniform and secured in military order; his new and uniformed notebooks; and military issued pens. He had even packed a brand new journal, which would be used to note everything he would learn and his own ideas on how to better the practices currently in use. After he had made absolutely sure that nothing had been left behind, he returned to the window.
Bestot could see the large, Celtic-like stone wall that rode along the ridge of the mountain range that surrounded Morren, occasionally interrupted by a guard tower. The blue torch lights on the towers twinkled with the stars. He could even see the silhouettes of giant Mogons patrolling along the top of the wall. He watched the giants walk from one guard tower to the next. 
That was when he noticed the inky black sky beginning to turn purple beyond the wall. As the sky slowly moved from purple to pink and orange, Bestot began to smile. It was almost time.
Then he heard the familiar sound of the song that announced the start of a new day. It was a song as old as Atlantis, one troops would chant as they marched to battle. A song about loss, the tragedy of war, but also the triumph of battle. It was the wake-up call, and soon, all of Morren would be up. That meant his father would be up to inspect his room, as he did every morning, and make sure he was ready to leave. 
Bestot looked back at his bags again and then glanced around his room. It was barren; only consisting of a single bed, a dresser, a nightstand, and a chest at the foot of his bed. He considered heading down to the dining hall. Even though he knew breakfast wouldnt be served until wee after sunrise, it would be good to be early.
Bestot crossed to his nightstand and picked up his knife, slipping it into the holster on his thigh. Then he picked up his bags and left his room, closing the door behind him. He walked down the hall and rounded the corner. The wall on his left turned into a railing, giving him a clear view of the whole house. He could see into the main room down below, where his family and their guests would gather. There was nobody there yet, however he knew it would most likely be filled with his parents friends by the end of the day. 
He reached the stairs and moved down to the main floor, dropping his bags near the front door. He sorted through one, pulling out a book and taking it to the dining room table with him.
The house was a large, ancient Celtic form with high ceilings and polished wood floors, managing to be both rugged and elegant. In the gathering room, there were two long, crescent shaped couches that surrounded a large fire pit that heated the house. This room, the dining hall, and his bedroom were the extent of the house in which he was allowed. The kitchen and other mundane rooms were off limits to him as those were designated to the servants his father, as general, had been allotted. 
Bestot sat down in his usual place at the old, plain oak table, to the left of his father. Knowing his placement of military strategies from his last year of school, he opened the book on Triak grades and their stealthy use in battle and began to study it. 
Triaks were Atlanti made, humanoid beings with one large multi-spectrum eye centered on the tip of their elongated head, allowing for deep telescopic vision. Their coloring designated their use. For example, a bluish-green Triak was aquatic, blending in with their surroundings, while a brown Triak was a ground troop. The creatures were useful in the military due to their unbelievable speed, accuracy, judgment, and lethal precision..
He was only there a few minutes when he heard his father, General Haden Barata, and his mother quietly beside him, entering the room. His father was dressed in his military uniform, which was spotless and wrinkle freenobody knew when or how he managed such a perfect uniform. He walked with his shoulders square and carried himself proudly while his mother shadowed him, looking refined and subservient in her pale pink robes. Her blond hair was beautifully coifed, her delicate features downturned, blue eyes watching her feet, but a small, graceful smile was on her lips. His mother was the epitome of grace and beauty, a rare loveliness that rivaled the ancient virgins who guarded sacred texts on Nibiru.
Besot was a carbon copy of his father. Both were blond-haired, blue-eyed; both were built like tanks, muscles stretching out of their clothing; both had an air of authority to them; and both took their livelihoods seriously.
I dont think Ive ever seen you up before the morning song.
I wanted to be ready, sir, Bestot replied, still reading his book.
Outstanding, General Barata said, tousling his sons long hair that had been neatly pulled back in a low ponytail as he walked by. Your preparations will serve you well, son.
General Barata held out the chair to the right of the head of the table for his wife and then took his seat while Bestot fixed his hair to perfection, never taking his eyes from his book. They quietly sat there for a few minutes, patiently waiting for their breakfast. 
Soon, the servant girl, who had black hair that was tied back into a bun and was dressed in her white servant robes, emerged from the kitchen. She was carrying three trays, featuring a generous serving of steak, pana root, sheni eggs, and fruit. The first one she placed in front of General Barata and the second went to his mother, Morranamed aptly after their city by her father, the general before Bestots own fatherand the last plate went to Bestot.
They thanked her and then the servant girl made a quick exit, leaving them to themselves. Bestot put away his book and awaited his fathers first bite and approval before enjoying his last breakfast at home. The hall was almost as quiet as death with the exception of the sounds of utensils scraping the plates. Not a single word was spoken for nearly ten minutes.
Bestot could hear the sound of a door and voices coming from the main gathering room. He could feel the footsteps before he could hear them and had a good idea of who they belonged to.
Another house servant, this time a man with grey hair and wearing a more formal uniform of grey robes entered the room. The man stood at attention and then said, General Barata, Remus awaits your grace. 
Bestot looked up just in time to see Remus enter the room. The giant Mogon stood twelve feet high, a tower of pure muscle and thick scarred skin, sharply dressed in his military uniformfortunately the high ceilings of the Barata house left him plenty of room to move around. His skin was leathery and darkly tanned, extending all the way to his bald head. His eyes were large, the deep black pupils seeming to take up most of the eye. 
He saluted Bestots father, and Bestot could feel the breeze from the highest ranking enlisted Mogons arm as it swung upward from across the room, landing a trembling thud on his shoulder.
Good morning, General Sir, Remus said, his deep voice booming through the room as the servant left. He also made sure to give Morra a small tilt of his head, a courtesy to the highest ranking female in the city.
Remus, Genera Barata replied with a nod of his head.
It is about time, sir. The lantium car just arrived in Morren. It should be in front of your home soon.
Right on time. General Barata finished his last bite of food and wiped his mouth. As he stood up from the table, he turned to Bestot with a look of waiting, eyebrow arched up.
Yes, sir, Bestot replied as he scarfed down the last of his pana and steak. 
He grabbed his book on Triak tactics, kissed his mother on the cheek, and then scurried after his father and Remus. They crossed through the gathering room, heading for the tall, cathedral-like front doors where the house servant who had announced Remuss arrival was waiting in front of the door, ready to open it for them. 
Bestot was heading for his bags when Remus swooped in and snatched them all up in one hand. My pleasure, sir, Remus said with a smile.
Thank you, Remus, Bestot replied with a sense of relief.
The house servant opened the massive doors as General Barata and Bestot exited the house, followed by Remus. The sky was becoming brighter as the sun peaked out from behind a mountain. 
They walked out into the snow covered yard where there were two other boys, both about a year older than Bestot, maybe twenty, and a pretty large six-year-old Mogon, all dressed in their military uniforms. Remus quickly passed up Bestot and his father, reaching the two boys and Mogon in a few steps.
General Inspection! Remus barked. Both boys and the Mogon shut up and immediately snapped to attention.
Move, General Barata aimed at Bestot, smugly holding out his hand, guiding him to formation. 
Bestot quickly placed the book on his bags and quickened his pace to catch up. General Barata chuckled to himself as he took his time.
Bestot arrogantly took a place at the front of the line, straightening out his clothes, smoothing his hair back, and then snapping to attention. Remus walked back and forth, looking down at them, inspecting them closely. Bestot was barely taller than Remuss waist.
In a passing ceremony form, General Barata walked up finally and Remus turned the inspection over to him. Remus stepped aside and quietly watched as he followed beside the General. 
General Barata slowly walked past each one, inspecting their uniforms and the equipment they were carrying. Each boy was told to hand over their wrist blade, which he closely inspected.
He took the blade from the second boy and frowned. When was the last time this was sharpened?
Last night, sir, the boy replied.
Dont lie to me, General Barata growled.
Sir? the boy questioned.
General Barata ran his finger across the blade, his frown growing deeper when his finger wasnt cut. He glared at the boy, who began to shift uncomfortably, and then held up the knife.
A dull blade is as useless as the person wielding it. How do you expect to kill your enemies if your blade cant even cut a finger? General Barata snapped.
I-I the boy stammered.
Without a blade, you are useless. What are you going to do about that?
Sharpen up, sir, the boy quickly replied.
The next time I see you, this blade had better be able to shave the hair off a Mogons ass, General Barata said then moved on to Bestot. 
His inspection of his son was more thorough and stricter than the others. Fortunately, Bestot had practiced hard, making sure to look straight ahead, eyes fixed to a target, never wavering his gaze, his posture was perfect, his uniform had been pressed and re-pressed the night before, his shoes polished until they reflected the morning sun. His father went as far as to pull up his pant leg and check his socks; still he passed his fathers inspection with one minimal hita loose thread on the back of his left shoulder. General Baratas eyes angrily stared at Bestots as he straightened his posture. Knowing the reaction and with his father now in the way, Bestot nearly lost eye contact with his target.
The lantium car soon arrived, gliding almost soundlessly down the snow covered road before stopping nearby.
You all represent us. Do not bring dishonor to your families. The Atli people need you to be worthy of their support. Remember that your fellow soldiers are your family. Stick close to them and look out for each other. On-Ready! General Barata barked. Seeing these recruits for Triden first division of Morren fit, I hear by release you to your duties. Dismissed! 
Good luck, Remus said as Bestot and the others grabbed their bags and hurried to the lantium car. 
As the glass covering opened, Bestot and the others were greeted with cheers by the other recruits already inside.
General Barata smiled as he watched the glass covering close and the lantium car speed off. After the car was out of sight, he headed back towards the large house. Remus followed alongside, taking slower and smaller steps to keep pace with the general. 
Gather the Mogon and Anubi Guard on the north woods of Far and prepare the ground Triaks for a training session along the coast, General Barata said. I will meet you for evening rations.
Yes, sir, Remus replied, breaking off from the general and tromping into the woods.
Chapter Three

Esephris stared out the window of the lantium car, watching the farmlands speed by. He could see the ocean in the distance, out across the fields, past his familys home. They passed Alluvias house and he felt a pang of sadness. He wished she was old enough to study at the Temple of Light. 
She was somewhat his girlfriend. Somewhat meaning off and on, when it was convenient for the both of themmore like convenient for her. They had grown up together and had been best friends their whole lives. They usually rode to school together, but this year was different. He had reached the age where his studies had been moved to the Temple while Alluvia had another year to go before she could study there. With Ka in his mind now, it made him a little envious that she had another year to go.
Esephris had never gotten a chance to say good-bye to her since they were on the off portion of their relationship again. That didnt mean he regretted not seeing her one more time before he was gone for an entire year this time. No matter how often or how bad their breakup, they always managed to be together again. However, now that a whole year might pass before their paths crossed, would they reconcile again?
That thought made him sink even further in his melancholy. They were destined to be together. They must. They had been a couple ever since they were toddlers. Him always catering to her needs and wishes. Breaking bones so she wouldnt when she decided to jump out of a tree. Getting bitten by a yett when she decided to pet one by throwing himself in the way so she wouldnt get hurt. How much could change in a year?
This is going to be a big year for you, studying at the Temple and receiving your placement. Are you hoping for anything in particular? the driver asked, snapping Esephris out of his thoughts.
I dont know. I think Im going to wait to see what I get and decide if I want it or something else, Esephris replied, still gazing out the window. He rubbed the small bump in his hand, feeling cartilage forming a symbol under his skin. It had been forming there for years, just like everyone elses. It would form as they grew and eventually reveal their placement in Atlanti society. It was like a marker that would form and change to match what their interests and passions were.
How did you end up doing this? Esephris waved his hand, indicating the lantium car. Was it assigned, or did you choose it? 
I chose this, believe it or not. Of course, when I chose, I was thinking Id be piloting something a little more exciting. They didnt mention that most of us would wind up driving kids to school and people to work.
Im sorry it wasnt what you thought it would be. Esephris once again thought back to his fear of being stuck with a job he would grow to hate.
Its all right. I still enjoy the job. Its not stressful and I meet interesting people.
The lantium car began to slow as it entered into the city of Omax. This one was farther inland and was considerably larger than the village Dol, near to where Esephris lived. The buildings were larger here and closer together. Back home, Esephriss closest neighbor, Alluvia and her family, lived almost a mile away. 
The lantium car maneuvered around traffic, making a few turns, leading them deeper into the city, until they stopped in front of a large, grey building with blue and gold trim in intricate design.
Esephris saw his two friends, Lisanne and Rafull, standing in front with their things packed and ready to go at their sides. They seemed to be arguing over something. When the lantium car stopped, they began gathering their things and then headed towards the vehicle.
Esephris watched as the driver generated shelving and extra seats to accommodate the new passengers and then moved to the back of the lantium car where he opened the glass covering and greeted them before helping them with their luggage, placing it into the newly formed shelves.
You need help, Raf. Youre obsessed, Lisanne said as she stepped onboard.
I said I was sorry, Rafull replied. Though his words were sincere, the wolfish look on his face said otherwise.
You say that every time. Youre a pervert. Just stop, Lisanne replied with a firm, almost motherly, tone.
I swear you two are arguing over something every time you get picked up, Esephris commented.
Lisanne broke into a huge grin when she saw Esephris, eagerly claiming the seat next to him before shoving her things under it. Lisanne was the same age as Esephris, as was Rafull. Her long hair was a gorgeous red that cascaded over her shoulders and her eyes were as blue as the ocean with a glimmer of light that always seemed to be there, no matter the time of day.
She adjusted her sunglasses as she sat down next to Esephris. Its not every time.
Every year, every time we pull up, you two are arguing. Ill bet its the same argument, too, Esephris replied.
His clumsy, little butt dropped his crap; so naturally, I picked it up for him to be nice. When I turn back around, hes checking me out. And you think youre going be some kind of graceful entertainer. Lisanne wagged her finger at Rafull. Maybe to a Mogon! she teased.
You checking her out? Esephris eyed his depraved friend.
Shes so nice, Rafull whispered.
Once a pervert, always a pervert. Esephris laughed, shaking his head.
Hey, there isnt anything wrong with admiring the female body. Rafull shrugged as he took the seat across the aisle from them. 
He had blond hair and blue eyes also. He was good looking and he knew it, flaunting it everywhere he went. He had to make an entrance look as elegant as possible as he pulled his cloak off, twirling it fancily, before draping it over his seat.
The driver returned to his seat, pushing a few buttons on his console, and then the lantium car began to move again.
Driver, is there anyone else getting on? Lisanne asked.
Were picking up a few people on the other side of the city and then heading for the junction in Chent, the driver replied.
So, Alluvia? Shes not coming this year? Rafull asked Esephris.
She has another year before she begins studying at the Temple. She wont even be starting school for another two weeks, just after the festival, Esephris replied. He didnt know if he felt relief or sadness at the fact. Their relationship had so many ups and downs. When they were up, they were really up. Then again, when they were down, it felt like his worst nightmare. He never understood how a girl so little could rile him up in such a big way.
Oh, would have been nice to have her on board, Rafull said with interest. Esephris felt a brief wave of jealousy sweep over him, feeling some perverted undertone in Rafulls statement. 
Rafull was too good looking and an infamous flirt. Esephris had been wary every time he had seen Rafull and Alluvia in the same proximity in previous years at school. He knew Alluvias beauty rivaled Rafulls and had constantly felt the strain of jealousy whenever hed heard comments of what a handsome couple they would make. However, Alluvia always assured him that nothing was going on between the two. Still, he couldnt help doubting her.
So how was your year, Esephris? Lisanne asked. He could tell she had sensed his thoughts, giving him a reassuring smile as she changed the subject. Though Alluvia would never know it, Lisanne had no tolerance for her, nor did she ever like to discuss her with Esephris. Plus, there was the fact that she had a crush on him, though she hadnt ever acted on it.
It was busy. I spent most of my time helping to build that new Kula fruit.
Mmmm, I love that stuff. So beachy. Your dad is a genius, but still, Id hate to live out there. Too much open space, too few people. I think Id go crazy there. No thank you, but your dad is great. I love that stuff, Lisanne nervously rambled, fearing shed insulted her crush.
I like it. Its quiet, and at night, you can see so many stars and the satellites. I got to see one dock with the Terra station as it flew over. Not to mention the glowflies that pollinate the base plants; they are just relaxing to watch.
Id love to see those, Lisanne said. Ive only ever heard about them. I havent been too far from Omax. 
You will, Esephris replied. You just have to catch the train out in the summer.
Maybe I will, Lisanne said with a smile.
Yeah maybe, Esephris replied softly, mesmerized by the Sume flatlands and the abundance of wildlife this year.
The lantium car soon came to a brief stop, letting several more people on. There were three adults who got on, heading into the big cities for their jobs. Four other students got on, too, but Esephris didnt know them; they were older. The lantium car began moving again, heading for the junction city of Chent.
Any word on your teacher? Rafull started their conversation back up.
No. I want anyone except Sesheal. Please no. Lisanne mocked a fake prayer stance.
I know! I had him once. He can be, well, lets just say, do your work on time. Hes strict as hell when it comes to studies and people being on time, Rafull agreed.
I heard he slammed a book on a kids hand when he fell asleep in class, Esephris commented.
He did! It was Anson who fell asleep. Hell sleep anywhere. Kid is so funny.
I cant believe he could do that and get away with it, Lisanne exclaimed, astonished.
Thats because Sesheal is a little Rafull began making kissing noises, inciting laughter from Esephris and Lisanne.
I just know Im getting that guy. Its just my luck, Lisanne said nervously, ignoring Rafull.
It took some work getting through the year, especially with the amount of pointless work he likes to hand out, just to ruin your free days. But I survived him okay. Youll be all right, Rafull reassured.
Theres the Junction. Lisanne pointed out the glass covering toward the massive, multi-level tower complex with tracks streaming out elegantly in all directions.
Esephris followed the direction of her arm and finger with a little sniff of her sweet scent along the way. It looked like a massive, manmade accumulation of waterfalls where the tracks resembled water streaming off without caring too much for the laws of gravity. 
As they followed the track up to the base of the massive tower complex, they could see it was bustling with people. The driver hit a few buttons after entering a short tunnel. It branched off into several directions, moving to different floors and areas of the tower complex; each was color-coded. The color of the lantium car changed from purple to blue, diverting off onto the blue colored track. It then moved down another tunnel before coming to a complete stop. 
They sat there for a second or two before the car began to ascend the tower. After going up eighteen floors, it stopped and began moving forward again, leaving the tunnels and entering a train station with high, carved stone and colored glass ceilings.
There were four long platforms extending about five hundred feet. The space in-between each was about half that distance and was stacked several floors high with shops and restaurants. Hundreds of people hurried about, consumed by their own lives, shopping or boarding lantium car trains to areas around the world. 
On the tracks was a series of lantium cars, also colored blue, waiting. Once about thirty cars had arrived, the mass of cars would join, making a train with power enough to transport the passengers across vast distances at incredible speeds. 
They rode the line until they reached the procession of lantium cars and came to a stop. 
The train to The Temple of Light Atlantis; blue on alert, a voice on a loudspeaker stated. Blue on alert meant that, when the train was ready to depart, stripes of blue would fill the floor and wall, directing the passengers to board.
Esephris looked out the window. He could see large Atlanti clocks suspended on dozens of support columns facing every direction. Some counted down the time before the train departed, the rest told the time. 
We wont be leaving for a bit, the driver said to the students. You have some time to grab some food, or to pick up any supplies you forgot. Your command color is blue, he reminded everyone.
The glass covering opened up and people began filing out.
Im going to get something to eat. I missed breakfast, Rafull said as he stood up from his seat, stretching.
I need to grab some things. Esephris, do you want to come with me? Lisanne said, fluttering her lashes before gathering some of her things. Dont stick me with Rafull, she pled before asking one more time, You coming?
Sorry, no. Im going to stick around here, Esephris replied. With the lantium empty, Ill probably just make a bed and take a nap.
Sleep well, young one, Rafull joked.
Is there anything you want me to get for you? Maybe a snack or something if youre hungry when you wake up? Lisanne asked, desperate to please him in some way.
That sounds nice. Thank you.
What would you like?
Surprise me. Esephris smiled.
Lisanne smiled back, glowing with satisfaction, before Rafull grabbed her hand, always one to hate sharing attention. She gave him a quick wave as Rafull hurried her off the lantium car and vanished into the crowd. 
Esephris moved to the lantium controls console and transformed his seat to a bed then darkened the glass covering to near black. He sluggishly returned to his seat, leaned back, and closed his eyes. As his breathing slowed, he realized he could feel the suns heat on him and could smell an unusual scent, something warm and homey. He couldnt place the smell, although something about it seemed familiar. The thought faded quickly as he slowly slipped into unconsciousness.
Chapter Four

Sapharu, hurry up! I want to go home now.
Sapharu snapped back to his senses, realizing he was still standing at the bakers shop, smelling a loaf of bread he had just purchased.
Is there anything more I can help you with, sir? the baker, a thin, grizzled man, asked.
Im sorry. No, thank you. This is all, Sapharu replied, snatching up the now wrapped loaf of bread and slipping it into his leather pouch. 
He had been daydreaming again. It seemed to be happening more and more lately. He wondered if he should be concerned since they seemed to be getting more and more vivid.
Keep your head out of the clouds for once. This is important! his wife, Amunet, snapped, her dark brown eyes piercing. She was dressed exquisitely in black and gold, her dress wrapping her body perfectly, strapped tightly in areas to showcase her perfect body. A woman of power and influence due to her fathers long-standing seat upon the Aten Council of Priests. Her black hair bounced as she moved, weaving in and out of the people bustling around them.
Sapharu quickened his pace, as he had briefly separated from Amunets side. Weaving around a man with his camels, Sapharu bumped into a young boy about the age of eight. Suddenly, he caught a flash in his mind, like his daydreams but much quicker, visioning hours of a treacherous run wrapped in a second. He saw the same boy, for just an instant, covered in blood and hanging from an elaborate fountain thats construction should not be possible.
Forgive me, my lord! I didnt see you, the boy said, a little panicked.
Itsits okay, Sapharu sputtered, staring at the boy in shock. The vision had caught him completely off guard. It was disturbing, making him feel ill. 
The boy vanished into the crowd, and Sapharu returned to Amunet, feeling a little shaky. 
Im sorry. What were you saying? Sapharu apologized.
Im concerned. The Aten Council of Priests are becoming greedy. They thirst for power and I have heard talk of an attack. I believe they will attempt to overthrow the pharaoh soon. You must do something, Amunet said.
The Aten Council of Priests were a group of men devoted to the sun god, Aten. After finding ancient relics, they had, years before, thrown out the beliefs of multiple gods and replaced them with the one god, one power, and one light. Riots had broken out from the people who had loved their beloved gods and the Council were zealous to find power with the relics which could be strong enough to change the peoples belief system from their old gods, wanting to use this force to be delivered as a gift from Aten.
Im not sure I have the ability to save this city. There are over a million lives here. The Aten Council attempting a coup wont matter; we may all be dead anyway. 
You sound selfish, Amunet snapped, making him feel guilty. The Aten Council are trying to develop a source of great power, far beyond what we have ever seen. I believe they will attempt to use the Eye of Horus and reclaim the Ancients power. You need to think of something.
They reached Sapharus home as the sun began to set. It was a large, elegant home with columns that seemed to reach the clouds. It stood in the center of the city with balconies wrapped around it to overlook everything, towering above the other homes and the market place. However, it was nothing compared to the pharaohs palace, which could easily be seen on the horizon with its dance of lights through the neighboring buildings and its brilliant, glimmering facade.
Welcome back, my lord. The guard at his door nodded, opening the door. We are humbled by your grace.
Nakhti. Thank you, Sapharu replied, escorting Amunet inside.
*
Sapharu awoke, feeling Amunets arm around him. It was just before dawn, still completely dark outside. He had been restless, unable to sleep for more than a few moments at a time. He couldnt get the image of the dead boy out of his mind. He also remembered from his flash vision, seeing smoke and destruction in the background, yet the boys lifeless eyes staring back at him were at the forefront of his thoughts. The way the boys eyes had been filled with black was haunting him. These visions had been giving him sleepless nights for months now. 
Finally, he gave up trying to sleep, slowly inching his way out from under Amunet. He gathered himself an assortment of fruit; dates, grapes, and an apple. Then he poured himself a goblet of wine diluted with water and walked to one of the balconies that overlooked the city. He set the plate on the thick stone railing before lifting the goblet to his lips as he took a sip of wine. He hoped it would calm him and allow him to get some decent sleep before morning.
He stared out at the city, seeing the twinkling of torchlight in the streets and along the walls of the city. There wasnt a cloud in the night sky and the moon was missing, leaving the stars and galaxy to blaze brilliantly in the heavens, like perfectly cut gems.
It would be a shame for all of this to be destroyed, Sapharu thought. He knew the power of the Eye of Horus could wipe out an entire city, if the Council had a mind to.
Sapharu, unlike his father-in-law, was not a part of the council, though he knew the ins and outs of them due to his wifes relations. He was instead a politician in the pharaohs palace; one of the youngest to speak into the pharaohs ear. 
At nineteen, he had been considered a man for a few years now. His birthright gave him the privilege to work in the palace, as his father had before him. With dark features and dark hair, he had been a handsome ornament in the pharaohs palace until his ties with Amunet had come to the pharaohs attention.
He picked up a small knife and began peeling the apple. He had always hated the skin of an apple. He thought hard about what he should do when he heard someone approaching him from behind.
Shouldnt you be sleeping instead of eating fruit? Amunet scolded, coming up to him from behind and wrapping her arms around him.
Its morning to me, Sapharu replied.
Amunet released him and held out her hand. Let me do that for you. You waste too much.
Sapharu handed the apple and knife over.
What are you going to do with the Eye? Amunet asked as she expertly peeled the fruit.
I need to hide it. Im sure I can get to it before the Aten council, Sapharu said.
Amunet finished peeling the apple and handed it to Sapharu. She then picked up his goblet of wine, taking a sip as she stared out at the city. What happens if you hide it?
Sapharu cut a slice of peeled apple and took a bite as he talked. Aseskaf is saying that the new ceremony we have been performing can either destroy it or hide it with the stars, whatever that means. I didnt agree with destroying it at first, but the more I think about it, the more I realize hes right. Its the only way. 
Aseskaf was known as a wise man. He never really showed himself in society much, and because of that, there were lots of rumors about him. Plus, he somehow knew more than everyone else, which scared the simple people. He was a brilliant engineer, succeeding in an incredible amount of feats that should not be possible for one person, causing rumors to stir that he was ten thousand years old.
One such feat was a wand that used sound waves to move inanimate objects. This device changed the way the people built forever. With just a wave of the wand, thousand pound blocks would move through the air at command. 
Amunet finished the wine and gave Sapharu a guilty smile. Ill get you more.
Sapharu turned back to the city. I think I will speak to Aseskaf at sunrise. The new Translation Ceremony needs to happen.
Amunet stopped and turned, looking at Sapharu, who in turn, looked out over the darkened city. Its not the only way, she whispered.
Chapter Five

Feeling a burn in his back, Esephris snapped awake, lunging forward in his seat. He was breathless, unable to breathe for a moment, shocked by the pain he was feeling, his eyes widened with fear. 
As his breathe finally returned with a large gasp, He looked down to see a bizarre spider-like contraption crawling across his leg. He leapt out of his bed, and the mechanical spider dropped to the ground.
He looked around at hearing laughter, and saw it was Lisanne and Rafull as well as his friend, Matchra. 
Matchra was a young man their age with dark brown hair that was messy and bedraggled, as if it had never been touched by a comb. His clothes were mismatched in a way that only he could pull off and he wore a hooded cloak. Even on the train, he wore the hood, hiding his eyes and gaining him annoyed glances from most of the passengers.
You didnt seem to be enjoying that nap too much. Bad dream? Matchra asked, grinning from underneath his hood.
He shook his head. Esephris could still feel a sharp pain in the center of his back but it was fading slowly. All he remembered from the dream was being frustrated at the skin of an apple. Apple peels were the bane of his existence. He loved the juicy fruit, but hated that damned skin. 
Well, it did have an apple peel involved, so yeah, bad dream, Esephris replied. Matchra and the others raised their eyebrows in curiosity, prompting Esephris to clarify, I hate apple skins. There was more to the dream, but thats all I can remember.
Well, arent you glad I was around to save you from those apple skins? Matchra laughed.
Embarrassed by his strange nap, Esephris hid the pain, going over to the lantium console and replacing his bed for a chair once again.
So what is that thing anyway? And how long have I been asleep? Esephris asked, gesturing to the spider.
About three hours, and this is my spy, Matchra answered. He gave a short little whistle and the mechanical spider skittered out from under Lisannes seat. Its mechanical legs clacked across the floor until it reached Matchras leg, where it then crawled up to rest in his awaiting hand.
You built that thing? Esephris stared at the whirling gears that were visible all over it. The thing rattled and shook as it stood in Matchras outstretched hand, waiting for its next command.
Took me the whole year, but I got it running. Matchra grinned with pride at his invention.
What does it do? Esephris asked as Lisanne pulled out a Kula fruit and some yett cheese, handing it to him. He nodded his thanks to her.
Not much of anything yet, but with some work, it will be able to spy on people, retrieve things for me, and it could even steal if I needed it to. Its small enough that it can go anywhere I want it to go. 
Why would you need it to steal? Lisanne asked, wiping off the lens of the new sunglasses she must have just bought.
Youre right. Sorry. Acquire. You never know what the future can bring, Matchra replied with a lift of his brow.
Its kind of small. What if it cant reach what its after? Esephris asked around a mouthful of food.
Thats impossible. This thing can fly, too, Matchra said proudly.
Prove it, Rafull demanded.
Matchra gave a different whistle and the spider jumped into the air. Its legs stuck directly out and turned sideways, resembling propeller blades, which began to spin, causing it to hover erratically a few feet from his hand. Sparks popped and fizzled as the thing wobbled in the air.
Thats amazing! You can control it by whistling? Lisanne asked, sunglasses forgotten.
Sure can. Matchra whistled again, and the mechanical spider started lowering to the floor.
What if its too far away? Rafull asked.
I can use this to control it. Matchra pulled the sleeve of his cloak up, revealing a leather strap around his arm. There were switches, wires, and lights all over the thing. Watch, I will make it land.
Matchra flipped one of the switches on his control pad. There was a pop and the mechanical spider dropped to the floor, smoking, where it broke into pieces, sending gears and springs all over the floor.
What happened? Lisanne asked.
Matchra cursed under his breath. I wired it wrong. You put one connection in backwards and, well, what can I expect? There is always something.
Rafull burst into gales of laughter as Esephris and Lisanne helped Matchra gather the scattered pieces, both trying desperately to contain their laughter as they searched for parts under the seats.
Looks like were here. Rafull nodded out the windows. Thanks for the entertainment, Matchra. He laughed as the hover train came to a stop. 
The hatches on each of the cars opened and people began filing out. Rafull grabbed his things and shuffled off ahead of them.
You dont need to wait for me, Matchra said to Esephris who was stuffing every last bit of the food Lisanne had bought for him into his mouth while Matchra dumped his broken creation into his satchel.
Its all right, Esephris said, handing Matchra the last few bits of wheels and springs. It was a neat invention. Im sorry about that.
It ran better than the last one, which was progress. The next one will be better. It always is. Matchra seemed indifferent about it as he stood up and brushed his clothes off. Lets go.
Chapter Six

Esephris and Matchra sat at a food court outside Scerenas Library, which sat at the heart of Atlantis. Matchra hadnt eaten today, having left his house at the very last minute and nearly missing the train. Even now, he wasnt eating; he just occasionally took a bite of his food, more focused on putting his mechanical spider back together.
The food Lisanne had brought back for Esephris on the train hadnt been enough to fill him up, as a result Esephris had bought himself lunch as well as he waited to hear his name called over the loud speakers. Each student would be called, telling them which Kingdom to report to, though Esephris already knew due to Kas phone call this morning. He had thought very briefly on challenging the opportunity, but quite frankly, he was simply too curious to meet the illustrious, mysterious man.
Esephris looked around the city square between the library and the Temple of Light. The Temple was located right at the base of the massive Atli volcano. The mountain rose up above the clouds today, making it hard to see the cone at the top. All over the mountain, there were large, crystal pistons, each one towering about six hundred feet long into the sky, pumping in and out of the ground. The sun gleamed off the massive crystal pistons, making them glitter like diamonds scattered around the mountain.
It was a sunny day out, yet it wasnt too hot outside with a small, cool breeze blowing through. It was a perfect spring. 
He looked back at Matchra, still tinkering with his machine.
I thought you said you were hungry, Esephris said.
Am I not a fast enough eater for you? Matchra asked.
No, its not that. You just havent taken a bite in ten minutes. Youve barely touched it, Esephris replied.
Im getting full. Im just more concerned with this, Matchra replied as he worked another gear back into place on the spider.
Did they call your name yet? I havent really been paying attention.
Yes.
Who is your teacher this year? Esephris asked with his mouth full of food.
Elika. 
The Elika Kingdom, as the school was named and the teacher given the title based off where each teachers subject was most prevalent, catered to Elika the Atlanti word for technology, and Elik the name of a city full of technological wonders. Since Matchra was such a genius in that science, it should have been a given that was where he would have ended up.
Elika the spineless? Esephris laughed. Hes really weird.
Matchra shrugged. He doesnt think he is. At least itll be an interesting year.
They were suddenly joined by Rafull and Lisanne, who had both been inside Scerenas Library, locating other friends. Rafull was beaming whereas Lisanne was sullen. 
Are you two finished? We need to get going, Rafull asked with nervous energy about starting his new class.
Im ready, Esephris said and looked over at Matchra.
Go. Ill catch up, Matchra replied and began to pile the rest of his food onto his bread like a sandwich.
Esephris grabbed his bag and got up from the table. Together, he, Rafull, and Lisanne walked across the city square.
Who are you going to be with this year, Esephris? Rafull asked.
I dont know. I still havent been called yet, Esephris lied, feeling anxious. He didnt want to admit to his friends that Ka had talked to his father that morning. It would lead to too many questions he had no answer for.
Matchra caught up to them, eating his sandwich while he walked. Let me guess, Rafull. Youre with Rasa. The Rasa Kingdom was all about beauty and talent. The Kingdom focused on arts and entertainment, teaching and producing artists, musicians, actors, and models.
Rafull grinned. Of course I am. Im rich, good looking, and talented. Where else would I go?
Matchra rolled his eyes, though it wasnt obvious from under his hood. You seem pretty down, Lisanne.
Something tells me she isnt happy with her teacher, Esephris commented.
Sesheal, Lisanne groaned. I have to be taught by Sesheal all year. I told you I had the worst luck.
It was surprising that Lisanne would belong to the political kingdom; she was just too nice for the pompous character most students in the school had. Maybe it would open her up more, toughen her up. The school focused on oration, debate, political scienceobviouslyand law. They also sometimes joined Rasa Kingdom to learn how to appease a crowd and look good for the camera.
Its going to be a long year, Esephris said with a bark of laughter.
Dont worry about a thing. Rafull placed his arm over her shoulder and pulled her into him. Just keep your mouth shut and do good work. If you look like youre paying attention and dont draw his attention, youll get through fine.
They watched a dark blue train of lantium cars pull into the nearby station and then there was a loud ding from the loud speaker. Esephris Kanafu Ka Kingdom.
Esephriss eyes widened as his friends all looked at him in surprise.
Dont hear that one called too often, Matchra replied.
Where do I even go for that? Esephris looked at his friends for help.
Id assume you could ask someone at the Temple, but its probably towards the top. Thats where all the hermit scholars have their private offices. I doubt you would be in an auditorium like the rest of us, Rafull said with a roll of his eyes.
I know where you go. Ill take you, Matchra offered.
People began to pour out of the train station as they passed by it. They soon realized they could hear chanting that was growing louder. They looked in time to see the military kids shoving their way through the crowds. They chanted the words cut the crowd over and over again.
Not these guys, Rafull whined.
The group of military students were marching right towards them, heading to the Frieden Kingdom, which of course, was the school for military training. As they stormed past Esephris and the others, one of the men got busy staring at Lisanne and tripped, stumbling in their formation and almost knocking right into Lisanne.
Are you going to talk to her? Bestot asked the guy whod tripped as the entire formation stopped in front of Esephris and his friends, waiting for the guy to get back in formation.
Why? the boy replied.
You seem more interested in staring than walking, Bestot grumbled with an eye roll, frustrated the man could not maintain proper military bearing. Go introduce yourself.
No, its okay, the boy replied.
Then lets keep moving. Im not going to be late today, Bestot said and then continued on with the rest of the military students.
Looks like you got yourself a boyfriend, Lisanne, Rafull joked as they watched the military students march away. They had all heard the conversation between the two military guys.
Shut up! Lisanne snapped, turning as red as her hair. Lets hurry up.
We have to go this way. Rafull pointed to the right of the Temple. I guess well see you guys later.
Have fun at class, especially you, Lisanne, Esephris said with a grin.
Lisanne scowled for a moment and then gave Esephris and Matchra a quick hug, lingering longer on Esephris. Good luck!
Esephris watched Rafull and Lisanne hurry off into the crowd. He took a deep breath, feeling nervous about his assignment. Then he turned to Matchra and said, Where do we go?
Matchra pointed towards a spot just beyond the Temple, in the opposite direction of where his two friends had gone. Its over that way.
Together, Esephris and Matchra set off across the pavilion, passing the Temple of Light as they walked. They could see hundreds of other kids filing into the Temple for their classes. Esephris wrung his hands nervously as he walked.
Interesting that he would take an interest in you, Matchra said more to himself than Esephris.
What did you say? Esephris asked.
I was just thinking out loud. I just think its interesting that Ka is going to be your teacher. Hes never taught classes, as far as I know. I didnt hear any other students names called for the Ka Kingdom, did you? he asked rhetorically before continuing, So why, out of all the thousands of other kids, did he pick you and only you? 
Ive been asking myself the same thing. Im a little nervous. What do you know about him? All I know is that he is the Head Priest at the Temple.
Thats true. I know hes more cunning than a Triak, Matchra replied.
Really?
Matchra laughed. I have no idea. I just made that up. The truth is, even I dont know much about Ka. I only know what Ive been told by my father and grandfather, but those were still rumors. I know that he helped build the Temple of Light, and that he also personally had a hand in developing Atli sciences. He helped create our education system, and he also serves as Chief to the Counsel of Light. I also know hes a notorious recluse. Very few people have seen him; even fewer have met him. I suppose that makes you one of the lucky few.
Wow, its hard to believe that someone could accomplish so much in their life, Esephris said, staring at the Temple and marveling at the thought that he would soon meet someone who had built it.
Matchra shrugged. Its easy when youre ten thousand years old.
Esephriss eyes widened and he looked at Matchra. Theres no way. He would probably look like a skeleton now. Of course, Esephris had heard this rumor and plenty more before. He just couldnt believe Matchra had heard a similar one. 
Matchra laughed again. Thats according to my grandfather. I dont know if its true. I doubt it. My grandfather lies all the time.
Esephris and Matchra reached the edge of the Temple and made a left, going around the corner. Behind it and ahead of them was a thick, green forest at the base of Atli volcano. Esephris could see a small clearing in the trees Matchra was guiding him right towards. As they neared, he could see two small stone posts, one on each side of the clearing, framing a small stone path. The path looked centuries old and worn out, becoming stairs that wound their way through the woods up to the mountain.
And here is where we part ways, Matchra said, coming to a stop just in front of the stone posts.
Esephris looked at the winding stairs that disappeared into the woods and swallowed hard. Looks spooky; Im glad I dont have to walk this in the dark. How far up do these stairs go? Im guessing youve walked it before since you seem to know it well enough.
I dont know how far they go. I tried walking it a couple years ago, but I chickened out about ten feet past the first turn, Matchra replied. Ill bet they go all the way to the top.
I hope not. By the time I get there, either tomorrows class will be starting or Ill be dead from exhaustion, Esephris joked.
Well, Im late for my classes now. Ill see you when I see you. Matchra slapped Esephris on the back and then hurried off towards the Temple. As he ran, he shouted, Ill want to hear about everything when you get back if you get back!
Esephris watched Matchra laugh villainously while he ran until he circled around the corner of the Temple and vanished from view. Then he turned back to face the stone pathway. He looked up at the mountain before him, trying to spot where it ended, however he couldnt see the path anywhere through the clouds. He hadnt been prepared for a long hike and he had his entire assortment of luggage with him. It was a daunting task, but he had to do it. 
He gathered everything up, taking a good grip of his bags, and began to walk.
Chapter Seven

Esephris slowly hiked the trail that wound up Atli Mountain, dragging his luggage with him. It was quiet on the mountain. Aside from his labored breathing, all he heard were birds singing and the sounds of the wind through the leaves of the trees. The farther he went in, the thicker the forest around him grew. It wasnt long before he lost his calculation as to how long or high he had hiked. There was nothing for him to go by.
I really hope I get there soon, he muttered to himself as he tromped up the worn stone steps.
As he walked, he noticed that, every so often, there would be a stone pillar alongside the path, similar to the two down at the base. He assumed it was a trail marker. There were unfamiliar circle and dash symbols carved right into the pillar. He couldnt read what they said but assumed it told him where the trail went.
The trail curved to the right and as Esephris followed it, soon finding himself facing a very large boulder surrounded by tall pine trees. It lay where the path had once gone and a new path had since been formed around it. 
Esephris stopped at the boulder, dropping his things and sitting down in the shade to rest. He leaned back against the rock and took in the scenery around him. He remembered a time when he had a very vivid dream on a bridge near his house over the irrigation canal on his dads land. He could remember he was in the middle of hiding something in that dream, but just before he could, one of his fathers handsShemla, a little old woman, who had pulled template plants most of her lifehad woken him to remind him how late it was, and he needed to release the apprentice waiting in the green house. 
Just before he could gather his senses enough to let everyone go, Alluvia had run up and grabbed his attention with a tickle. Theyd talked about how they couldnt wait to get in to their final year of school, planning a future of them together, but that had been five years away at the time.
Feeling the pain of missing Alluvia, Esephris quickly regained himself and took a look around. The forest was gorgeous. The trees were green and healthy, and he could see colorful wildflowers scattered all around the forests floor, just in the spots where the sunlight shone through the trees. The flowers had completely opened and grown nearly three feet tall. It looked like waves of bright yellow and lavender flowers. For a moment, all of his troubles and worries evaporated, stunted by the natural artwork of men like his father. Thinking on being able to build species that play with light so beautifully, he all of a sudden felt empowered. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the peacefulness of this forested garden.
Several minutes passed by in almost total silence. He was enjoying the solitude when he suddenly heard rustling nearby. He opened his eyes and sat up, looking in the direction of the sound. His breath caught in his throat and he held in his fear. 
Roughly forty-feet away from him were a pack of the Anubi Guard, five in all, casually walking through the woods. They were huge, all solid, massive bear-like beasts of un-equivalent strength and pointy ears. Two of them were a dark brown, russet color while the other two were a black and the last one was a mixture of black and gray. They were travelling on all four legs, yet still towered over the bushes. They mustve stood close to ten feet on two legs. So far, they hadnt seen him.
His heart was pounding in his chest as he watched the pack emerge from the forest and cross the trail where he had just come from. He couldnt hold his breath any longer and released it, trying to breathe softly. As the last beast, the one with black and grey fur, paused and looked directly at him, Esephris didnt move a muscle as he panted in terror. After a moment, the beast stood up, standing and moving much like a human. It pointed at him sternly and huffed. Esephris got the message immediately, get moving. Seeing the acknowledgement in the teenagers eyes, the beast dropped back down and continued on, moving back into the woods.
Esephris quickly opened one of his bags and grabbed his notebook and pencil.
Ill come back for the rest, he said to himself as he stood up and continued up the trail, away from the pack of Anubi Guard.
He followed the path as it grew steeper. After several minutes more of hiking, the trees began to thin out. He could then catch glimpses through them of the city below. The path suddenly seemed to end; he only saw trees ahead. 
As Esephris neared the line of trees, he saw three more stone pillars and realized the path made a sharp right and went into the mountain itself. It became a narrow stairway between two massive cliffs, the stairs twisting their way up through the dark brown rocks.
Esephriss legs and lungs both burned like they were on fire, exhausted from the hike. He had been walking for over an hour now, possibly two. He wasnt sure. Walking this stairway was awe-inspiring, though.
As he looked up, he could see the edge of the cliff was a few hundred feet up. The sky was only a small, blue crack in the rock. By the time the stairs began to level out, the top of the cliff was only thirty-feet or so above him. 
The path eventually evened out and the blue sliver of sky suddenly traveled directly down in front of him, showing him the exit from the canyon. He paused a moment to catch his breath and then hastily made his way out.
Outside of the canyon, it opened up to a large, flat area. There were several cherry trees around; their pink leaves were a beautiful contrast to the blue sky and white fluffy clouds. He looked behind him to see two small waterfalls on either side of the canyon, forming into a pair of streams directly along each side of the path. 
Esephris continued to walk, following the streams towards a large, stone archway. There were more inscriptions like the ones on the post at the bottom of the hill, but these were scattered all along the arch. Esephris decided he would stop to examine them, but as he walked through, looking at each symbol, he ended up feeling clueless; nothing about the symbols resembled anything he had seen before. 
He passed under the archway and into a large, terrace garden of exotic and custom built plants, flower, and treessome edible, some not. The two streams now ran through underground gutters, covered by metal grates that were each cut with intricate designs and more of those same symbolisms. The streams met in the center of the circular garden and formed a small pool where there sat a large, clear ball with a bright red crystal trapped inside. The orb spun around, moved by the water as it filtered from the pool to another small stream behind it. This stream ran openly through a small trench about a foot and a half wide towards the railing that overlooked the city and valleys below.
Around the garden was a wide assortment of different plants and trees, grown in a small garden that sat on different levels, one row slightly higher than the one below it. There were also strange machines set up around the garden; some watered the different stages, some were for communications, projections, holograms, and others were strange to Esephris. He had never seen many of the items around the terrace. 
There was one that sat on the stone railing, which looked like a large gyroscope, directly above the stream that ran off the edge of the terrace. It had several rings that spun around a dark blue orb-shaped crystal.
To the left of the contraption, Esephris finally noticed a man standing with his back to him, appearing to be studying a plant. He was dressed in light colored robes and held a small book. He was writing something and muttering softly to himself, and then he dipped the pen in one of the two inkwells that sat on the railing.
Esephris slowly and quietly approached the man, feeling very nervous, but before he was able to announce himself, the man spoke.
I was beginning to wonder if you would show up, the man said.
I-Im sorry. I-I didnt know where to go, Esephris stuttered.
I suppose it was a good thing you had Matchra to show you the way, the man replied, closing his book. He turned around to face Esephris. I am Ka. It is good to meet you, Esephris.
Esephris was a little surprised. Ka didnt look anything like he had pictured. Esephris had built Ka up in his mind as a legendary, god-like figure, but the man who stood before him could have easily been a friend of his fathers with his graying hair and glasses, which he removed upon closing his book. He looked only a few years older than his father was, definitely not ten thousand years old. .
How did you? Esephris sputtered, surprised Ka had known who had shown him the path.
Ka chuckled as he set the book and pen down on the railing next to the inkwells. That boy tries to climb this trail at least a dozen times a year. He always turns back a short ways in. I figured he couldnt resist the chance to visit again and show a friend. Hes a smart kid and a brilliant engineer. Hell change a lot of lives, even though he tends to be anti-social.
Hes a good friend. 
I must ask you a few questions before we can get started, Ka said.
Thats fine. Esephris was a little worried he might fail before he had even begun.
You are born of Dannel and Christine Kanafu?" Ka asked.
Yes, I am. 
Have you a desire to understand our world and to apply this knowledge for the advancement and guarding of the planet Atlantis? 
Yes, Esephris quickly replied.
What is it you seek? Ka asked.
Esephris was unsure how to answer that. He had so many dreams of what he wanted life to be. He struggled to find an answer.
Say Light, young man, Ka whispered.
I seek Light through knowledge that I may find wisdom, Esephris replied proudly as he articulated the oath he now remembered from last years graduation ceremony. I have a duty to safeguard the secrets of our past and the secrets of illuminatium. Their secrets are vast, and their powers are great. Should these powers fall under the forces of darkness, our world will be lost. Are you prepared to accept this duty? Always choosing light over dark? Ka asked quite seriously.
I am quick to learn and of a good heart. I believe I am ready, Esephris stated proudly.
These secrets, which I am about to impart to you, need to be guarded with your life. Will you honor your duty even unto death? Never to reveal them except under the proper and ancient authority of the Council of Light?
Yes, Esephris quickly replied, truly unsure of the promises he was making and the pain he might one day be called to endure.
With this notice, are you willing and prepared to give your full time and effort to this duty, being ever ready and diligent? Ka asked. 
I would be honored, Esephris gratefully replied.
Ka smiled at the respectful manner in which Esephris answered his questions. He put his glasses back on and picked up his book and pen. That is all of the formality I need, Esephris, my new apprentice. Do you have your things?
Just enough to take notes with, Esephris answered.
Good. Join me over here. Ka led Esephris over to the plants he was studying. Do you know what this plant is? The plant was green with red-tipped, bell-shaped leaves and red flowers.
Esephris recognized it and replied, Its a pitcher plant.
Its called a Formosa. I take it youve seen it before?
I saw some by a boulder that I passed on the way up, Esephris replied. But those ones looked a little different.
Good eye. This variety of Formosa only grows at this altitude on the mountain. My good friend, Cepa, is its artist. It is interesting how the altitude and location can change the way the plant grows, isnt it? Ka commented, opening his book. He didnt intend that, he added. Ka dipped his pen in one of the inkwells and continued a half-finished sketch of the plant in green ink.
Should I be taking notes on this? Esephris asked, unsure of what he should be doing.
Take notes on whatever you find important. The point of this is to study the day to day changes, Ka replied.
Esephris opened his notebook and began to study the plant. He couldnt help feeling disappointed, though; hed always heard that Ka was an astronomer and a scientist. Now he was stuck studying botany and agriculture. It seemed so boring. He hoped things would get more interesting.
*
The sun was beginning to set when Ka finally closed his notebook and put away his pen. They had been conversing and taking notes for several hours. 
Ka walked over to the spinning water orb, gazing down into the small pool of water. He beckoned Esephris to join him, and when he did, Esephris stared down at the water as well, wondering what Ka was looking at.
This stream feeds the plants of this garden. Without it, these plants probably would not be as healthy as they are. Look in the water and tell me what you see, Ka instructed.
I just see sand and water, Esephris replied.
Anything else? Ka asked. Look closely.
Esephris studied the small pool closer, seeing ripples in the sand like small waves. Aside from that, he couldnt see anything else. The sand has ripples in it.
What causes the ripples?
The water, I suppose. Esephris shrugged.
Thats true, the influence of the water helps to create that ripple, but there is one small yet important detail you have overlooked. Can you see it?
No, sir. I dont see anything else.
Ka crouched, scooping up a handful of wet sand and holding it out for Esephris to observe. Tell me about the color.
The sand in Kas hand was a reddish brown in color. It took Esephris a moment to place it. Then he looked at the cliffs, where the canyon stairway and two small waterfalls were. The cliffs were the same color as the sand.
The sand matches the color of those cliffs, Esephris replied.
Thats right. At one time, there had been no water at all here. Not even this garden was here. There is a small lake farther up the mountain, though. All the water used to be up there. This sand used to be rock towards the top of Atli where it was recycled from the magma below. Ka dropped the sand back into the pool and rinsed his hand.
He moved to the railing that overlooked the valley below. Esephris followed him, standing on the opposite side of the small trench of water and leaning on the railing. He was stunned by the view. The sun was just beginning to set, the sky losing its blue and changing to a mix of purple and orange with pink clouds. He could see not only the entire city of Atlantis below, but also all across the land and on to the Nata Great Lakes. 
He could see for miles all around and the various environments of their country. He saw forests, farmlands, desert, mountains, and lights from all the towns and cities scattered around. He could even see the tracks from the lantium trains, spotting the long, colored trains zipping down the lines at a few hundred miles an hour like lasers.
Ka directed his attention towards the massive lakes and canals that surrounded the city. The water from this garden travels all the way down. Do you see where it ends?
Sure enough, Esephris could see the trail the water followed, eventually joining the river and then the lakes.
It ends in the lake, Esephris replied.
Ka shook his head. Im afraid youre not quite right. It has no real beginning or end. After the water leaves the lakes, it carries on to the seas and oceans before returning to the clouds to begin again. Water may not seem like much, but it is persistent. It didnt happen overnightit took thousands of yearsbut bit by bit, the water wore down the stone into these beautiful unique grains of sand that have only begun their most recent journey down the mountain before being reclaimed and recycled again to become other grains of sand eons from now. It is subtle and can seem like an eternity. With time and fate, a grain of sand slowly changes everything it touches, helping to create the artwork you see as ripples. What do you think that might make us?
Esephris shrugged. Maybe the rocks.
Why is that?
Esephris looked down at the city, hundreds of feet below. Because time changes people.
The water slowly destroys the stone, but it also carries the pieces it takes. That is why the sand here is the same color as the rock. You will find that color of sand the entire length of the river to the sea, Ka said. Youre right. Time and fate will break us down and change us. One day, we will cease to exist, but the parts of us that we leave behind carry onour legacies. You may never see it in your lifetime, but you are changing the world. We all are. Do you understand? 
Esephris thought about it for a moment. Yes, he said with a little hesitation, not really sure if he would ever understand what Ka was trying to get across.
Ka smiled and gazed out over the land, watching the sun set below the horizon. They were quiet for some time, enjoying the view before Esephris looked up at the moon, which was mostly obscured by clouds that hadnt been there a moment before. Then he realized they werent clouds. It was smoke. 
Esephris looked back down at the city and was shocked to see it burning, fires raging everywhere. There were ships burning and sinking in the harbors, the entire forest was aflame. Then he heard a roar in the sky. He looked back up just in time to see a massive, winged creature emerge from the smoke, diving down towards the city. 
It looked similar to the beast from his dream. It had that black, rock-like skin that cracked as it moved, exposing magma inside except this one had wings. The beast was spewing streams of magma down on to the train station and pavilion where Esephris had just been that morning. He could barely make out people running for their lives below.
He could see what almost looked like Anubi guardwith the head of a canine and the body of a manyet it was much larger and with the same magma inside like the rest of the demons in his dreams. These creatures were slaughtering the Mogon soldiers, tearing them apart. 
Esephris reeled back in horror, only then realizing Ka was gone. In his place was a lava flow, glowing bright and hot, pouring over the terrace and down through the forest below. Giant hands and claws reached out of the lava, as if trapped inside, trying to get out. Esephris looked behind him, seeing lava flowing over the cliffs, covering the canyon stairs. 
He was completely trapped.
Esephris, are you still with me?
Esephris snapped out of the daydream at the sound of Kas voice. He looked around, realizing everything had turned to normal. The visions were all in his head. How could that be? They had been so real. There were no fires, lava, or monsters in sight. He felt embarrassed about daydreaming. 
Im sorry. It is such a stunning sight, and I was getting a little lost in it, Esephris lied to excuse what he had just gone through, not wanting anyone to know how insane he might be.
Ka now stood behind Esephris, holding a dagaz torch. Several such torches had been activated around the garden, casting a bright, light blue glow across the expanse. The air outside had cooled some and the sky was quickly darkening.
Do the dreams of youth carry the keys of time? Ka asked.
Sorry? Esephris inquired.
Ka eyed him suspiciously for a moment, seeming deep in thought. Then he left the garden, leading Esephris towards the canyon stairs. 
I think we are done for today. It is getting dark and you will have to be back at the Temple in time for the induction speech. You dont want to be late. As they reached the gap in the cliffs, where the stairs went down the mountain, Ka handed Esephris the dagaz torch. Class will begin tomorrow morning, exactly at sunrise. Im giving you a pass for today. I suggest you be on time tomorrow. Be careful going down; the steps can be a little treacherous a night.
I will, sir, Esephris replied, taking the torch. He stepped into the canyon and began his trip down the mountain.
Chapter Eight

Esephris hurried down the mountain as the woods grew darker around him. His first class spun through his thoughts as he reflected on everything they had talked about. His notebook was full of notes and bad sketches of plants. None of it seemed very important to him now, and he couldnt help feeling a little disappointed by the class.
It didnt take him long to reach the boulder where he had abandoned his bags. He was relieved to find them still there, untouched. Though he couldnt think of who else would climb up so far, thinking about how Matchra must have attempted a few times just to turn around quickly. Esephris gathered them up quickly, sticking his notebook back in a bag. He couldnt help scanning the immediate area for the Anubi Guard. He didnt see any, therefore he continued down the path.
Before he knew it, he had reached the end at the clearing behind the Temple of Light. The hike up the mountain had taken him probably two hours, but coming down had taken around forty-five minutes, if that.
Esephris deactivated the torch and set it down at the start of the path and then ran as best he could, awkwardly clutching all of his things. Towards the front of the Temple, he could see people headed for the main courtyard. It was where the students gathered at the end of the day for some final words from the Graduations Master, the one man that would sign off on their graduation. In his position and per the teachers recommendation, he will scan the cartilage-like symbol growing in their hand and offer them the choice to take the occupation from the scan or choose their own. 
As Esephris followed the crowd, he searched for someone he knew. There were hundreds of other people here of all different ages, races, and species. They gathered in front of the large, solid white marble staircase that was so bright and clean it seemed to glow, leading up to the Temple.
Esephris!
He heard his name shouted and began to look around, trying to figure out where it had come from. It took a few moments before he saw two hands waving back and forth above the crowd. Occasionally, he could also spy the top of Lisannes easily noticeable red hair pop up and then drop back down.
Over here, Esephris! Lisanne shouted. 
Esephris pushed his way through the crowd, weaving between people as he made his way over to his friends. He found Lisanne and Rafull standing next to a small flower garden underneath one of the lights of the Temple courtyard. Rafull was sitting on the edge of the planter, reading from one of his books.
You didnt drop your stuff off at the dorm? Rafull asked upon seeing Esephris lugging his bags with him.
There was no time, Esephris replied, dropping his bags at the base of the planter and taking a seat on the ledge next to him. He lay back, stretching out along the ledge of the planter, and closed his eyes. Im exhausted.
Where did you come from? Lisanne asked.
Esephris pointed up at the mountain. My class is way up there. I have almost a two hour walk every morning just to get there. I practically ran the whole way down just to make it here on time.
Rafull and Lisanne looked up at the massive volcano in disbelief. They both searched for a view of a trail or some idea where Esephris had been with Ka.
I didnt know there was a path up the mountain, Rafull said.
Neither did I, Esephris replied. Matchra had to show it to me.
How did he know where it was? Lisanne asked.
You know Matchra; he explores everything, Rafull joked.
So that I can always catch you, Matchra whispered in Rafulls ear.
Rafull leapt up from his seat, shouting in surprise. What in the name of!
Matchra was crouched in the shadows of the bushes of the planter. He laughed loudly as he hopped out of his hiding place, taking Rafulls seat. 
Rafull glared at him, his heart pounding in his chest. How long have you been sitting there? he demanded.
I just barely sat down, Matchra replied, grinning from ear to ear.
You freak, have you been hiding in the bushes the whole time? Lisanne asked.
Not the whole time. Thanks for keeping my spot warm, Rafi my warmth, Matchra teased. 
Rafull frowned, hating it when Matchra called him that. He grabbed his things and moved so Esephris and Lisanne were between him and Matchra.
Matchra turned to Esephris, who was now sitting hunched over with his head in his hands. So?
So what? Esephris mumbled.
You know what. I want to know about Ka. I want to know what you learned with him, Matchra said eagerly.
Not now, Matchra, Esephris said. Can I tell you later?
The smile left Matchras face and he seemed to pout for a moment then he said, How far did the trail go?
I dont know. A few miles, I think.
What was Ka like? Lisanne asked.
Yeah, Im pretty curious myself, Rafull added.
Esephris sighed and sat up. Okay, okay. I give up. What do you want to know?
What does he look like? Lisanne asked, noticing the grateful smile Matchra gave her.
Well, first off, he isnt ten thousand years old, Esephris replied, looking right at Matchra.
What? How old is he? Matchra asked in disbelief.
He looks a few years older than my dad. He had gray hair and sometimes wore glasses.
But my grandfather said he knew him. He met him several times, Matchra said.
You did say your grandfather lied all the time, Esephris retorted.
Matchra frowned for a moment then admitted, I do suppose he couldve lied about his age. I usually know when my grandfather is lying about something. I always thought his stories about Ka were real, though.
Maybe it was Ka's father he met. We often follow our parents down the same path. That could be what your grandfathers stories were about, Lisanne consoled.
Thats actually a little cooler, Esephris said. I dont know anything about Kas father.
I suppose it would make sense. I guess he could get the two confused, Matchra admitted, smiling a little.
So what did you learn? What did you do? Lisanne asked.
Nothing really. I met him at a large garden at the top. We just took notes and drew pictures of different plants, and he would just sort of ramble on. It was nothing like I pictured it would be, Esephris said, sounding disappointed.
Rafull laughed. I knew youd end up a farmer! I guess you were right, Lisanne. We do follow our parents paths.
Shut up! Esephris said jokingly, punching Rafull in the shoulder.
You know Im only kidding, Rafull said, rubbing his wounded shoulder.
There was the sound of a horn being blown, and the crowd began to quiet down. Esephris and the others looked up to see a man in his early fifties with graying hair, wearing formal robes and a pair of glasses, standing at the top of the Temple steps. It was the graduation master.
Today marks the start of your time here, but this will be your last year with us, and as you begin this journey of knowledge into the inner workings of our societyour tools and universe we live inenjoy your time. Where your joy and love is will complete your marking, and you will be ready to move on to the rest of your lives. Your studies are important to all of our futures, and many of you will be attending the Graduation and Choosing Ceremonies at the end of the year, accepting your mark. After the festival, you are to return to your classes that following morning.
Atlantis shines brighter and stronger than Nibiru, and that is because every single one of you is a part of the light and life that fills our world with wisdom, love, and sharing. Every one of you is important. 
Today, we accept you into our Temple so you may become enlightened to the universe around you in order that no one shall be left in the dark, and you will welcome your title in Atlantis. He turned and walked back inside the Temple without another word as the crowd began to disperse.
As Esephris began picking up his bags, Matchra stepped in and took one.
Let me help with that, he said.
Hand me one, too, Rafull said, holding out his hand.
Thanks, guys. Esephris handed one of his bags to each of his friends.
Together, they made their way out of the Temple courtyard, heading back out to the city square. The crowd quickly scattered, everyone heading off to their homes or dorms.
Ka said youve tried hiking that trail before, Esephris told Matchra.
Lisanne looked at Matchra in surprise. You did?
Matchras face paled. What? How did he know?
I dont know. He said you try to hike that trail a few times a year and always turn back. He laughed about it, Esephris said. I dont think you have to be worried about getting in trouble or anything.
I suppose thats good to know. Matchra shrugged.
Just out of curiosity; what were you afraid of? Esephris asked.
I wasnt afraid. I just change my mind. It seems like a really long hike, and I dont know where it ends, Matchra replied defensively.
When has that ever stopped you? Rafull asked.
Youre full of it, Esephris said. Tell me why you always turn back.
Fine! Every time I go, its at night. I make it a little ways in and either see or hear the Anubi Guard. I dont need any confrontations with them so I turn around. Happy? Matchra snapped.
Dont feel bad. I saw a few guards today, and I wouldve turned back except they were behind me. 
Scary, Lisanne whispered. Be careful up there tomorrow.
Esephris nodded in acknowledgement and then asked, How was your first class with Sesheal?
Today wasnt too bad. I took your advice, Rafull, and kept my head down and stayed quiet. Things went well, but its going to be a long year, Lisanne replied.
Hopefully you can avoid his attention, Rafull replied.
Yeah, Esephris scoffed. Good luck with that.
Rafull noticed a group of the military kids heading towards them. They didnt seem as gung-ho as they had been that morning. Bestot along with the kid that had bumped into Lisanne that morning were with them. As the group passed Esephris and the others, Bestot and his friend broke off from them and approached the group of friends.
Looks like we have company, Rafull said to Esephris.
Can we help you guys with something? Esephris asked as Bestot and his friend came to a stop in front of them.
Bestot nudged his friend roughly in the ribcage. Go on, then!
His friend awkwardly approached Lisanne, seeming nervous. He had his long, light brown hair pulled into a neat ponytail at the back of his head like the rest of the military wore. His blue eyes were cast to the side of Lisannes head, not being able to look her in the eyes. I wanted to apologize for disrupting you this morning without introducing myself. I am Radin.
He paused and glanced back at Bestot, who stood there with his arms folded across his chest. Youre not finished. Continue.
Radin sighed and turned back to Lisanne. He appeared to be nervous, twisting his hands, fidgeting, smoothing his shirt and pants. You could feel the anxious energy coming off the guy as he couldnt stop moving.
I also wanted to say that youre very attractive, and I would be honored if you would join me for breakfast tomorrow.
Rafull whistled and chuckled, earning him a stern glare from Lisanne. Then she turned back to Radin, taking him by the hand and leading him away from the others. Lets talk over here, where we wont have an audience.
As they watched Lisanne and her new friend walk away, Bestot turned to Esephris and held out his hand. I am Bestot. Esephris shook his hand and introduced himself and his friends. So I heard you got assigned to Ka this year. That is the first time I have ever heard of him taking a student.
I dont understand it, either, to be honest, Esephris replied. 
What is he like, if you dont mind my asking? 
Hes not very oldlate forties maybe. He doesnt dress very flashy, and he seems to be a pretty quiet and reserved person, Esephris answered, wondering if everyone at the school was going to question him about Ka now.
Well, there must be something special about you. He singled you out for a reason. Bestot gave a judging look up and down Esephris, curiosity alight in his eyes.
I know. I only wish I knew why.
Thats the big question, isnt it? Bestot said as Radin and Lisanne rejoined the group. His friend was grinning from ear to ear. 
Bestot crossed his arms over his chest and raised an eyebrow, as if to say, well?
She said yes, Radin replied to the nonverbal question.
We should be going. Its getting late, Bestot said, nodding at the group of friends formally. It was good to meet you. I suspect well be seeing each other again.
It was good to meet you, too, Esephris said as Bestot and his friend hurried off towards their dorm. Radin turned around once more and waved at Lisanne as they hurried off.
I am a genius! Rafull exclaimed as they began walking.
Why? Matchra asked.
This morning, I said that guy would be Lisannes boyfriend, Rafull said proudly, though he looked sour at the news. That meant there was one more person that would take attention away from him.
Shut up! Lisanne punched Rafull in the shoulder, earning a few laughs from Esephris and Matchra.
So, youre really going out with him? Esephris asked with a hint of jealousy. He was realizing he wouldnt always have Lisanne around to help him, and maybe as a backup in case nothing came out of him and Alluvia.
I dont see why not. Its one time. Its not like I have to see him again if I dont like him, and if I do, well then, lucky me. Lisanne smiled ruefully.
They passed the train station and weaved through the streets and alleyways, moving past all of the closed shops and restaurants until they reached two identical buildings. The dorm buildings were three stories of blue granite surrounded by massive columns of blue and white marble. They sat adjacent from each other with a massive, golden, arched bridge; which held a flag for each house and a giant Temple of Light symbol. The girls dorm was on the left side of the street and the boys were on the right. It was not uncommon to find a couple sneaking out at night to meet on the bridge for some alone time.
I guess this is where we part ways for the night, Lisanne sighed.
Well, if youre expecting a goodnight kiss, youll be sorely disappointed. Matchra smirked at her.
Perhaps a hug would suffice. Lisanne laughed as she grabbed Matchra before he could make a move, pulling him into a hug.
Matchra screwed up his face as Rafull and Esephris laughed. Lisanne released him and waved as she jogged to the girls dorm.
What about me? Rafull called out, arms open for a hug of his own.
Ill see you guys tomorrow! Lisanne shouted with a shake of her head, ignoring Rafull as she disappeared into the building, leaving Esephris and the others alone in the street.
They headed for the boys dorm, following a couple of other kids inside, while Rafull mumbled about deserving a hug, too. They walked down a dimly lit hallway that was usually brighter, but the lights had been turned down since it was so late. Most of the kids were already in their rooms asleep.
Youre with us upstairs, Rafull said.
How far up? Esephris asked.
All the way, Matchra replied smugly, grinning when Esephris slumped his shoulders and let out an exasperated sigh. This year wasnt starting well with all the upwards walking he had to do.
They reached the end of the hall and made a right where the stairs sat nestled in the corner. Climbing the winding staircase past the second floor, they had reached the third floor when Esephriss legs felt like they were on fire; shaky and weak. He was thankful he had his friends to help him carry his things.
They quietly walked down the hall until they reached their room, halfway down. Rafull unlocked the door and led them inside a room that was relatively large, featuring four bunk bedstwo on each side of the room. In between the bunk beds were four desks with chairs, separated by low dividers.
Four of the beds had other students asleep in them already while one student sat at his desk, reading from a book. He glanced up at them briefly and waved as they entered, quickly returning to his book.
Which bed is mine? Esephris asked.
Youre under me, Rafull said, pointing to the right side of the room by the windows. Its in the back corner there.
Thanks for your help, guys. I can take those now. Esephris reclaimed his bags then walked them to the closet, which was a small room itself. Esephris found the drawers that were assigned to his bed and began transferring his things from the bags to the drawers.
He was almost finished when a thought crossed his mind. He called Matchra, who came in, dressed for bed.
Hey, I have to get up earlier tomorrow. Do you have an alarm or something to wake me? Esephris asked as he folded a pair of pants and put it in the drawer.
I have something thatll work, Matchra replied. He opened one of his drawers, rifling around in it for a moment before pulling out his now seemingly repaired mechanical spider that he had introduced on the train. Its legs were folded in, making it look more like a metallic egg.
When did you have time to fix that? Esephris asked with puzzlement.
Matchra shrugged. In class. He shrugged again. Hey, I got bored, okay?
That can tell time?
It does whatever I need it to. How early do you need to be up?
About an hour and a half earlier than everyone else, Esephris said gloomily.
He pulled out a small cylindrical key with tiny slots along the side and inserted it into a tiny hole on the spiders belly, twisting it back and forth a few times. See, I can program it like this? Matchra exclaimed and then pushed a small green button on its back. The spider made a buzzing sound and then was quiet again.
Matchra handed the spider to Esephris. There you go. Its all ready.
Thanks. I really appreciate it, Esephris replied, taking the spider and putting it in his pocket.
Youre welcome, Matchra said, heading back out to the room. Then he paused and turned back. Make sure you wake up the first time it goes off.
Why?
When Matchra gave a mischievous smile and left without a word, Esephris shrugged and finished unpacking. By the time he had finished and changed his clothes, everyone else was in bed and most were sleeping.
He crossed the room and crawled into bed, setting the spider on the desk before pulling the blankets up and rolling over. He closed his eyes, slowly drifting off to sleep.
Chapter Nine

Bestot and his men made their way to their dorms after their encounter with Esephris and his friends. Radin was still acting whimsical after Lisannes agreement to have breakfast with him in the morning. 
Bestot had lectured his friendfriend really being a loose term of the wordthat he needed integrity if he wanted to go far in the military. He couldnt sit back and wish of what could have been; if Radin, or any other man for that matter, wanted something, then they damn sure better own up to that want and take it. You couldnt go into a battle and think, I hope we succeed. No, you had to go in thinking, We will win! That was how battles were wonwith the knowledge you would do anything to get the outcome of your choosing. The same held true for any matter. Even in this case, Radin winning the heart of the woman he desired. 
The little military formation made their way to the male dorms and proceeded to enter in a uniformed line, Bestot at the front. As the generals son, it was a given that Bestot would lead. No man would question his authority, nor would any try to outrank him. Leading was what Bestot had been born to do, and every member of their mock unit knew that and accepted it happily. 
Their dorm rooms were on the first floor since they were expected to be the forefront of defense in the small chance their school was attacked. Unlike the dorm rooms above them, theirs was a large bay, shared by all the men of the military. Bunk beds were spaced uniformly along the two, long walls of the bay, separated by lockers for their uniforms between each one and a trunk at the foot and head of the bed for each man. Tall beams supported the structure towards the middle of the room, near the foot of the beds.
All floors of the building had communal showers at the two ends of the building, but unlike the ones on the floors above them where the showers were at the ends of the hall, the lavatories were attached to the bay. 
The kitchen for the entire dorm was out the foyer and down the hall at the back of the building. As a result, the military students had to tolerate the sounds of the other males in the building tromping down the stairs at all hours of the night to get a snack from the fully stocked kitchen they were all expected to share. Tolerance was a lesson all military students were supposed to gain. No one wanted a member losing their bearing on the battle field; therefore this annoyance was a part of training outside their schooling. 
Most students didnt even bother with the kitchen unless it was late at night. They liked to waste their money on the cafs and stands outside the Temple courtyard. Not the military students, though; they ate together at the scattered tables inside the kitchen. A schedule had been prepared by Bestot when they had arrived, arranging who and when would prepare their daily meals each day of the week and which meal they were assigned to. Organization, another lesson outside of their studies.
Everything the military students did throughout the day was a lesson, from marching in formation to class to turning in for the night at the same time every night, and in return, waking up at the same time each day. Repetition, discipline, and tolerance were the keys to keeping one safe on the battlefield. 
Radin was smiling from ear to ear in a very uncomely manner as he quickly and clumsily stripped himself of his uniform. Bestot couldnt watch the act without shaking his head.
Since when are we slobs? Do you need to press everyones uniform to remember how to take care of it? Bestot threatened as he glared at the distressed shirt now lying disheveled on Radins bottom bunk. 
No. Sorry. Radin looked guilty as he picked his shirt back up and tried to smooth out the creases. I just cant get the image of Lisannes fiery red hair and big, blue eyes out of my head. He reached for a hanger and placed his shirt on it before placing it in his locker. I cant wait to meet her for breakfast tomorrow. Do you think shell mind dining with all of us? He gestured his head towards the vast bay.
Bestot followed his gaze and then grunted. I hope, for your sake, shes not easily offended by a bunch of men choking down food while groveling for her attention.
Radin ignored his leaders remark, sitting down on his bunk to take off his socks and shoes. Thanks for forcing me to talk to her. I dont think I would have had the guts to do that on my own.
Bestot paused in pulling out one of his books from his bag, saying in a low tone, If you dont have guts, what will your enemies rip from you? You are military; having fear will get you killed. If you are too afraid to talk to an attractive woman, how are you going to react when a knife is at your throat? Are you going to freeze up and die? Or are you going to react? Bestot kicked Radins legs out from under him as he pulled out his knife, coming down on Radin and pressing the blade to his throat. Or are you going to take the knife and carve your name into them? When Radin made no move or effort to throw him off, Bestot shook his head. You need to be more aggressive with your wants. Take control of your own destiny. Life is too short to live with regrets, especially with our line of work.
Radin just nodded his head, distracted, hopefully by the words Bestot had fed him. However, by the look on his face, Bestot had a feeling he was still imagining his fiery beauty. 
Bestot left his friend to his thoughts, making his rounds and checking the security of the building.
*
After posting a few men to stand fire watch and once the rest of his men were in their bunks, Bestot returned to the bay. He had been tucked away in a corner of the foyer, studying while watching for military students who had returned late to the dorms. There had been a few beds still empty, and once the men had showed up, Bestot had reamed into them, embarrassing them in front of the other students by making them complete a series of physical training routines until it rained their sweat. Then he told them that they could spend the rest of the night cleaning the heads for the entire building. That would teach them to return to the dorm at their appointed curfew. Those guys would be unbelievably tired in the morning, and he would make sure they were close to exhaustion during training at the morning song.
Bestot stripped carefully of his uniform, quickly and quietly ironing out the wrinkles before hanging it up in his locker. His thoughts took a turn to the young man he had met earlier today. There was something about Esephris
He couldnt put his finger on it, but he guessed, whatever it was, it was what Ka had seen in him also. He seemed like an honest, honorable, strong young man. There was just something about his character that was engaging yet wise. It was hard to explain, but Bestot felt he could learn a lot from Esephris.
Or maybe his appeal was his genetic makeup. Bestot didnt know of any Atlantis who had dark eyes; eyes almost as black as the night sky. Only Triaks and Mogons had dark eyes. It was very strange indeed to see them on an Atlanti.
Bestot would definitely keep an eye out for the man, get to know him, find out what made him so different to the point he stood out so the likes of Ka had his attention. Despite his good feelings of Esephris, there was also a very premonitory feeling in his gut that their paths would cross someday in a very bad way. That something was brewing in the universe, and they were stuck in the crosshairs.
With that thought, Bestot grabbed his toiletries and his military issued towel and made his way to the showers. It was late, and he had to get his men up early for physical training before classes started.
Chapter Ten

Esephris slowly awoke from a deep sleep; at first, unaware of what had woken him. It was still dark out and the room was quiet. He closed his eyes again and was almost asleep when he felt five quick, little taps from something hard hit him right between the eyes.
He opened his eyes, his vision blurry from sleep, and could just make out the shape of Matchras spider in front of his face. It stood completely still for several moments and then reached up with one pointed leg and hammered on his forehead, like a woodpecker. Esephris waved the thing away in frustration and rolled over, rubbing his forehead. He closed his eyes again and began to drift off to sleep.
It wasnt long before he felt a small weight and several spindly legs crawling over his back and up the bed. It stopped in front of his face again and silently watched him for a moment. Then the spider reached up with its two front legs, putting one in each of Esephriss nostrils, before letting loose with an electric shock.
Esephris yelped in surprise and a little pain, flailing about and falling out of his bed.
Im up! Esephris almost shouted before remembering the sleeping roommates, whisper shouting at the damnable thing instead. He untangled himself from his blankets and looked at the spider, which was lifting its body up and down as if it were challenging or taunting him.
He grabbed the spider and stormed to the closet, muttering, I am going to get you for this, Matchra!

Matchra, Rafull, and the rest of Esephriss roommates were just waking up when he left the dorms. It was still dark outside as Esephris briskly walked down the Dagaz torch lit streets. He had packed his school supplies into a small shoulder pack. He hadnt felt like he had time to stop for a large breakfast, as a result he had packed some fruits along with some yett meat and cheese from the dorms kitchen. Hed packed a light full days ration since he didnt even know if he would have time for lunch or dinner, either, considering the hike up and down the volcano.
The city square in front of the Temple and Scerenas Library was filled with the military students, completing their morning exercises. Bestot was at the front, facing the large formation of students, calling out drills as he, too, completed them. Their eyes met for a moment and Bestots widened in surprise before he nodded his head in greeting. He then brought his attention back to the sweaty students, calling out for one hundred push-ups before dropping himself to the ground and yelling out the count.
As Esephris passed one of the markets beginning to open up for the day, he was greeted by an elderly lady preparing her fruit stand.
Good morning, student. It is odd to see you out before the morning songs. Please help yourself to some breakfast.
No thank you and yes, I am odd enough to have class at the top of the ridge, Esephris explained with a little chuckle.
Oh, you are the one who is studying with Kanuk?
I guess so. Esephris shrugged, embarrassed, as he scanned the fruits, looking for his fathers famous brands.
No Kula? Esephris asked.
No, Im sorry. We havent been able to get any into our shop. That is one hard fruit to find. We have apples, though, she offered.
When are they going to make an apple with a softer and sweeter peel? Esephris asked the woman in disdain. 
Try this, she said with laughter as she handed him an orange and yellow apple. They already did make one? he asked excitedly.
Just try it, the woman encouraged.
I look forward to it, thank you. Esephris nodded towards the woman with a warm smile.
He quickly left the market, now running behind because of his stop, and continued on to the base of the ridge. It didnt take long before he had reached the path at the edge of the forest where he noticed the Dagaz torch he had left behind was in the center of the path between the stone posts. Esephris dug into his bag and brought out his rune. He placed the rune in the handle of the torch to activate it, and it began to glow, lighting the surrounding area in a blue glow.
Esephris took a deep breath, more like a wary sigh, and began to follow the path. Here we go.
The hike took less time, it seemed, and it was still dark when he reached the large boulder. He decided to take a short break, sitting against the rock just as he had done yesterday. Taking out the apple given by the old lady in the market, he began to eat it as he scanned the woods around him, seeing nothing in the darkness. 
He paused from eating his apple to take a drink of water from his pouch to wash the disgusting taste away. Nasty peels. Thanks, lady, he whispered begrudgingly to himself. 
Shortly after finishing his apple, and enjoying a brief moment on the dark, cool forest floor, he got back to his feet and began to climb the trail.
The sky was just beginning to brighten when Esephris reached the winding canyon stairs, the night sky turning dark purple and the stars starting to fade from view. His legs hurt and felt weak by the time he exited the canyon and entered the garden. 
He could see Ka standing at the balcony, overlooking the city. Esephris hurried to meet with him, trying not to seem out of breath. As he drew closer, he could see Ka was tinkering with the mechanical gizmo that was mounted on the railing.
Maybe well actually do something cool, like astrology, he thought to himself. 
As Esephris entered the terrace, Ka stopped and turned around. 
Am I late? Esephris asked, still sounding out of breath.
Actually, youre right on time. Lets get started, shall we? Ka replied and gestured for Esephris to join him.
As Esephris passed the small pond with the orb, the ripples in the water suddenly shifted direction, moving against the current. Esephris was unaware of it, but Ka noticed. He was briefly stunned by what he had seen but quickly regained his composure.
Esephris joined Ka at the railing, standing in the same place he had the day before. It felt like dj vu, only this time, the sun was just beginning to rise, glittering off the clouds.
Look out there and tell me what you see, Ka said.
This again? Esephris thought to himself as he leaned against the railing and looked out over the city. The clouds were hanging low; therefore he couldnt see the city. He studied the cloud movement some, trying to look through their cover, and then looked up to the sky.
I can still see the stars, Esephris replied. I can barely make out the city lights through the clouds.
What else do you see?
Esephris stared out across the sea of clouds, straining his eyes to see something new. He felt a little frustrated, knowing Ka was growing impatient with him. What does he want me to see? What is the point of this? 
I can kind of see the Nata lakes, I think, Esephris said, looking towards the horizon, desperately trying to come up with an answer. 
Then something caught his eye on the horizon. He could see a bright star just above the clouds. He watched it as it slowly dropped below the clouds. It was then that he began to notice the changing colors. As the sun rose, the sunlight reflected off the Temple of Light, bouncing up to the clouds.
It wasnt long before the clouds below him started swirling with changing colors. Green, red, purple, and just about every other hue he could possibly think of danced across the clouds in waves. 
As the sun rose higher, he began to see a shape appear. He watched, entranced, as he saw a ghostly version of the Temple of Light rise up from the sea of colors.
Ka could see the expression of wonder on Esephriss face. What do you see?
Esephris didnt reply; he silently stared at the hologram of the Temple. It became more vivid and detailed with each passing second; the massive structure with its high columns surround three sides of the building, arches leading into the different Kingdoms from the outside. Finally, the sun broke above the top of the clouds and the Temple vanished. The clouds changed back to their usual white, as if nothing had happened, and began to break apart.
The clouds changed, and then I saw the Temple of Light floating above them, Esephris said. He felt proud of himself, thinking that was what Ka had wanted him to see. But then he noticed Kas face change, and Esephris realized that it wasnt the response that Ka had expected. What does he want?
I wanted to show you how the rising sun causes the clouds to rise and change, Ka said as he stepped away from the railing and crossed the garden. You did very well. Though his words sounded appeased, his tone was one of disappointment.
While Esephris watched Ka pick up his notebook and begin to scribble something down, he felt a little nervous about what Ka was writing. Esephris realized he was staring and turned away, inspecting the mechanical device on the railing instead. 
As he looked at the beautiful, dark blue orb in the center, he noticed little flecks of light dancing inside. He slowly slipped out of reality as he watched, forgetting the world around him. The world seemed to be engulfed in the blue of the stone, as if nothing else existed, as if he was a part of the blue stone, or the world was the blue stone and he was living inside it, living in his own bubble.
Chapter Eleven

The ceremony is working, Sapharu exclaimed before collapsing on the ground as pain racked his body.
Chapter Twelve

Esephris didnt know how long he had stood there, gazing at the dark blue orb in Kas garden. It had seemed like forever.
Suddenly, Esephris was snapped out of his trance when someone grabbed him by the shoulder. He looked up to see Ka looking at him. Yet, the man looked unfamiliar to him. Esephris squinted his eyes in confusion at the man holding onto his shoulder.
You need to be more mindful of where you are going, Ka said, guiding him around a fisherman wheeling a large cart of fish past them.
He was standing down on the city docks of the Ceanna, but he didnt recognize the place. He could see ships coming and going, entering the Ceanna port through a series of canals, while some were docked and being loaded or unloaded. The entire area was bustling with people and machinery that wasnt familiar to him. He could smell the ocean air and lots of freshly caught fishthat was a familiar smell. He was disoriented and confused, feeling panicked.
Where am I? he demanded of Ka. Did it work?
Esephris, calm down and take a deep breath, Ka said.
Who? Esephris asked, genuine confusion showing on his face.
Ka looked back at Esephris for a moment, studying his panicked eyes. Something clicked with him and he asked, What is your name?
Esephris took a few deep breaths, trying to calm down as he realized there was no threat from the man next to him or the people bustling about, tending to their daily chores. He looked back out at the ocean, trying to gather his thoughts, trying to piece together what had just happened. Then he looked back at Ka. 
I am Sapharu.
Chapter Thirteen

Esephris was confused and disoriented. One moment he had been standing in the garden with Ka, and now, in the blink of an eye, he found himself in a bland room made from white and brown stone. Aside from the strange torches mounted on the walls, there was also a clean bed and a desk with what looked like a fresh plate of food sitting atop it. 
Esephris looked all around, trying to find something that could give him some clue as to where he was. He ran to the desk, opening drawers, finding blank notebooks and pens, but no books, no documents with hand written instructions on where he was or why he was here. No clues. There was nothing, nothing other than two doorways on the far wall.
Esephris went to one open doorway, seeing a torch lit hallway. 
Hello? Is anybody there? he called back and heard his voice echo back at him
There were no answers, just the faint rumble of massive stone blocks sliding along each other and vibrating through the walls. 
He glanced down at himself, realizing that his clothes were different. He had never seen clothes like these before and had no idea how they had gotten on him. Also, his body looked different. He appeared shorter. His hands didnt seem like his own; they were too neat, not like he had worked on a farm all his life. His arms and legs werent as muscled, either. What was going on?
He needed to find answers. He didnt like these feelings of confusion and isolation.
Esephris left the room behind and began to walk down the hallway. The walls were made of the same stone as the room, and the floors were covered in sand. Despite the weird laser like torches, the hallway was cool, and he had the distinct impression that he was underground.
Then he began to notice pictures; drawing on the walls themselves. There were no words anywhere, at least not that he could see. Esephris paused and studied them for a moment. He felt like the pictures were supposed to be telling a story, but he couldnt make sense of it. 
In some pictures, there were figures of people in linens wrapped around their waist and jewels adorning their necks and arms. Weird symbols were on the wall between each figure along with drawings of the sun and weird beasts.
Going down the wall, he saw some pictures resembled what he knew of in Atlantis. There was a depiction of Atli volcano, or what he assumed could be. The figures were wearing the robes he was used to. Farther down the hallway, the figures were wearing strange pants and shirts. One picture looked like the figure was wearing rope, or maybe that was a snake as an ornament down his chest. It was all very strange.
However, he was more concerned with getting out and figuring out where he was than the drawings. He continued on, hoping to find a way out soon, only to be led right back into the room he had woken up in.
This is not good.
Chapter Fourteen

Are you okay?
Ka looked at the person who had been Esephris but now called himself Sapharu in a stunned state. He and Esephris had traveled nearly a half a day by train to the floating city of Ceanna. Esephris had been quiet, but Ka hadnt suspected that anything had been wrong with the young man. He always seemed introspective, just asking question when he was genuinely curious and not offering more information than needed. Subsequently, his quietness had not raised an alarm for Ka.
Hit your head? Ka asked, concerned for his young student.
Where are we? Sapharu asked. He felt sick. There was a pain in his head and his chest, where it felt like his soul had been ripped out. His stomach was nauseous, the way he felt as a child when his nurse would spin him around in the air until they both fell over from dizziness.
Sapharu looked around them, seeing they were surrounded on all sides by water. It seemed that this city was floating on water. Massive ships cruised around the waterways, in-between buildings that bobbed with the movement, moving up and down gigantic canals. He had never seen ships so large, just small boats for lake and river travel, which was rare in the desert he had come from.
This is the city of Ceanna, Ka replied, sounding puzzled at Esephriss strange behavior. Its a major port of Atlantis.
It is beautiful, Sapharu exclaimed in wonder.
Ka chuckled at Esephriss wonder. Let me show you around.
He gestured for Sapharu, whom he still believed to be Esephris, to join him as he began to walk. Sapharu hesitated for a brief moment, unsure of whether or not to trust Ka. Although, Ka seemed nice enough and, so far, was the only person Sapharu had come close to knowing here. He followed somewhat reluctantly as Ka led him around the ports.
As they walked, Sapharu saw people unloading fish, fruits, vegetables, and then loading devices of all kinds he didnt recognize from docked ships. He wondered what it would be like to sail on a ship like that. Would it move fast, despite its large size?
How do you like the manmade island so far? Its the best shipping spot on the planet, Ka asked.
Im not really sure. There seems to be so much going on. How do people know what they are doing? Sapharu asked, skirting the subject. 
Ka noticed, realizing that Esephriss mannerisms were more than a little off.
Well, we need to pick up supplies for next weeks festival, Ka said.
What festival?
The arrival festival, of course. The weeklong celebration of the day our people came to this world and founded Atlantis, Ka replied with wide eyes. We do this every year, Esephris. What is wrong?
What kind of supplies are we getting? Sapharu asked sharply, again skirting the subject.
I have to sign for the food and take some ancient artifacts back with us. The shipment will be here soon, so we need to make it to the shop quickly, Ka replied, shaking his head.
As they crossed the floating city, Sapharu heard a rumbling that grew louder and louder until it became a roar. He slowed his pace, looking around to find the source of the noise. It sounded like it was a furious monster. Then he saw a large object firing up into the sky, leaving a trail of mist.
The people around him went about their business like nothing was happening. Even Ka had continued on several feet before he realized Esephris had fallen behind.
What is that? Sapharu asked, trying to hide the fear in his voice.
That is a rocket. It goes to the mines on the moon, Ka replied, wondering why Esephris had so many childish and simple questions. He almost didnt want to answer, but he had decided, if his student was into some kind of game, then he would play along. For now.
They go to the stars? Sapharu asked in bewilderment.
Esephris, please, lets hurry and get to the shop, Ka replied. He was beginning to worry about Esephriss mental state and thought it might be a good idea to have a doctor check him out. Maybe he had hit his head and now had some strange sort of amnesia. 
Sapharu gave Ka a silent, blank stare. It was hard for him to believe that people were reaching the stars. He wasnt sure it could be true. It just seemed incredibly far-fetched. Even as he watched the rocket shoot up into the sky, he doubted there were people in it. But, then again, what reason would Ka have to lie about that. After the ceremony he had done to get him there, anything could be possible.
Lets keep moving, Ka said finally and began walking again.
Sapharu looked up at the rocket one last time, which was now a speck that left a long trail of mist behind it. He sped up his pace and caught up to Ka, walking together through the city streets for a few more minutes. 
As they moved through the marketplace, Sapharu could see traders tending to their business. There was livestock in their pens, waiting to be purchased or possibly shipped out. Most animals looked strange and unfamiliar, but he saw some that looked similar to ones he knew back home. He noticed the same thing with the fruits and vegetables. Some looked similar and others were strange and exotic.
The crowds there were at their worst. Sapharu was constantly being bumped into as people ran around in a hurry to make their trades. It was oddly comforting, reminding him of the markets back home except there werent so many people in his home and here there was the cool sea air instead of dry desert heat.
When they left the markets, the city opened back up to the docks. Ka led the way towards a massive ship that was docked a few bays over. There was a small, wooden building with a canvas tarp stretched out from it, shading large, wooden tables. As they neared, Sapharu could see piles of fish, crab, and other seafood on the tables. It looked as if some tables were for sorting through the catch and discarding the bad fish. The other tables had the good product being organized neatly in ice.
A man with a clipboard, taking inventory of the stock, noticed them approaching and waved. He had long, dark hair, which was tangled and unkempt. His face was weathered and rugged, but his blue eyes stood out in his dark, tanned face. He looked like he had spent a lot of time on a ship.
Kanuk Sutec!
Canucca, how are you this fine morning? Ka said, shaking the mans hand.
Im terrific. Here for the annual shipment? Mr. Canucca replied.
Yes, we are. Are we ready? Ka asked.
It was then that Mr. Canucca noticed Sapharu. Esephris, what are you doing here?
Despite being prepared for it, Sapharu still stumbled over an answer, trying to come up with an explanation for this man he was supposed to know.
Hes helping with setting things up for the festival this year. I brought him along to help me get everything back, Ka answered.
Your parents will be thrilled to hear about that, Mr. Canucca said to Sapharu.
I guess they will, Sapharu said, hoping that was an acceptable answer.
Alluvia should be around here somewhere. Shell be excited to see you. Mr. Canucca looked around the port.
Sapharu wondered briefly who Alluvia was.
Are you ready? Mr. Canucca asked Ka.
Lead the way. Im eager to see what you have, Ka said. Esephris, Ill be a few moments. Feel free to look around, just dont go too far.
Sapharu watched as Ka and Mr. Canucca walked towards the ship. He could see workers unloading the cargo from it. He stood there for a moment, simply looking around him, taking in his surroundings. The world around him was completely different than where he was from. He had to admit that he kind of liked it.
He started to explore the immediate area. He looked at the fish on the tables, marveling at their size, before moving on to sneak a peek at what looked like an ancient artifact under a tarp. Uninterested by the bland boxes underneath, he walked to the edge of the dock, looking down into the dark blue water. He couldnt see the bottom, which was expected, therefore he looked back up at the ship.
He still couldnt believe that something that large could float in the water. He wanted to board it and explore. He briefly considered it but decided against it. With his luck, the ship would set sail and he was lost enough already. He turned and headed back to the small building, shivering from the cool sea air; it was much cooler here than back home.
Sapharu caught his reflection in the window of the small hut as he passed and stopped, doing a double take. It was the first time he had seen himself since coming to this place, and the image was disturbing. He knew that people here thought he was someone named Esephris, but things hadnt really clicked until now. The reflection looking back at him was not his own. He was somebody else. He hadnt expected that.
His eyes looked familiar and his hair was the same, but that was as far as the similarities went. He was larger, looking as though he had performed manual labor all his life. That was when everything came crashing down. 
He had no idea who he was supposed to be. He had no clue who Esephris was or what he was like. At home, he was a man, councilor to a pharaoh. Here, he was treated like a boy, even though Esephris appeared to be the same age. People would figure him out; he was sure of it. It was only a matter of time.
"Esephris!" Sapharu heard a girl shouting the name, but it wasn't until the third time that he finally realized she was talking to him.
He turned to see a girl a few inches shorter than him with long, black hair tied into a ponytail and the biggest, brightest eyes the color of the sky approaching him. He was shocked at the similarities this small girl had to his own wife, Amunet.
"Um... yeah?" Sapharu said.
"What are you doing here?" the girl asked, wrapping her arms around him intimately. I didnt expect to see you. 
Sapharu didnt know what to say; consequently he merely wrapped his own arms around the girl awkwardly as he answered, "Helping pick up supplies for the festival." He could only repeat as much as he knew.
Youre working on the festival this year? Her pretty features turned into a look of confusion. 
I guess so. I dont really know whats going on, Sapharu admitted.
The girl ignored his comment, her features turning provocative. Im sorry I was too stubborn to see you before you left for school. Ive missed you terribly. Forgive me. 
Uh He had no idea what to say, but it didnt matter because she continued.
So where do you want to meet for the festival? the girl asked, smiling brightly.
Well Im not sure Im going this year, Sapharu said. He had no idea what was going on, and he didnt want to get stuck in a compromising situation with someone he was supposed to know. His secret would be out for sure if he spent too much time with this girl. She seemed too intimately involved with Esephris.
The girl looked shocked. What? Why not?
Its hard to explain, Sapharu said, trying to keep his answers short and vague. I might be going. I might not. He shrugged. Im not sure yet.
Are you brushing me off for someone else? The girl pulled herself from his arms and crossed her own arms over her ample chest.
What? I dont Sapharu sputtered. 
Its Lisanne, isnt it? Rafull told me you guys rode the train in together. He said you were getting real friendly, the girl snapped.
Who? Sapharu asked in confusion. Things had taken a left turn suddenly, and everything he said only made it worse with this girl.
Whatever. You two have fun, the girl snapped and stormed off, leaving Sapharu completely baffled by the whole ordeal. 
He walked away from the building, wanting to put some distance between himself and the girl whose name he still did not know. He stopped at an empty bay on the docks that was for another large ship, giving him a clear, unobstructed view of the ocean.
He could see a large city he supposed was the Atlantis Ka had mentioned nestled against a massive volcano, which towered over everything, seemingly wrapping the horizon. He had thought the ships were huge, but they were nothing compared to the mountain. It stretched up past the clouds and across the horizon from the left to the right. What looked like crystal towers pumped in and out of the mountain, twinkling in the sun as they pulsated. He was awestruck by the intimidating majesty of the volcano.
Movement caught his eye and he looked back towards the water. He saw a large object hovering over a track across the water. It was moving faster than anything he had ever seen and was speeding towards a large, luminous-plate jutting up from the water. His heart dropped into his stomach, realizing it would hit for sure.
Once again, he noticed that people seemed completely unfazed by it as the object plowed into the plate, which instantly glowed white hot. The object dissolved, spraying glowing rust colored embers everywhere. The embers fizzled out in the water as the object vanished from sight. On the other horizon, he could see a flicker of bright blue light that stopped a moment after the object vanished.
What just happened? he muttered to himself, staring in stunned silence at the place where the bizarre incident had just occurred. He knew by the surrounding peoples non-reaction that whatever that had been was normal, but that had not been his normal.
Suddenly, he heard a loud whistle, making him jump. He turned and saw Ka waving him back over to Mr. Canuccas shop. He hurried over to find Ka waiting with several carts full of what looked like ancient artifacts. Three of the carts were covered with tarps and secured tightly. He couldnt see what was in the carts, but he could tell they were in large, wooden boxes. A group of workers waited nearby, talking amongst themselves.
Whats in those carts? Sapharu asked.
All in good time, my boy, Ka replied.
Do you need any more help? Mr. Canucca asked.
I think weve got it. Thank you again, Ka said, shaking the mans hand. Esephris, grab a cart.
Sapharu went to the cart next to the one Ka grabbed, claiming it. The other workers joined them, taking the remaining carts. Together, they began to push them down the road along the docks.
Where are we taking these? Sapharu asked.
There is a boat waiting not far from here. What happened back there? You seemed to upset Alluvia. I heard she was your betrothed, or thats what Canucca hopes. Ka chuckled humorously.
I didnt immediately realize it was her, and she got a little offended by that. Sapharu replied.
A friend you grew up with and you dont immediately know her, Esephris? Ka replied with a curious attitude. I must admit, your behavior today has been quite curious. If I didnt know any better, I would think an alien species has invaded your body. I have a mind to have you checked out by a medic.
Sapharu ignored his last comments. I screwed things up with her. Im sorry. I am just very tired today, Sapharu explained, adjusting his grip on the cart and glancing out at the plate in the ocean where that object had disappeared. He just couldnt help himself, he had to ask. Can you tell me what that is?
Ka began to ignore Esephris, certain his apprentice was worn out. He wanted to get him onto the ship to Sadi, so he could rest for the twelve hour ride. If that didnt cure Esephriss peculiar behavior, then a medic would indeed be called. He rushed to the ships port.
Chapter Fourteen

Esephris sat in the hallway. He hadnt found a way out yet, just more of the carvings on the walls. He had given up and gone to sleep when he found himself too tired to keep his eyes open any longer. Today was the start of a new day, as far as he knew, since there were no windows or anything to give him a look at the outside world. He just knew hours had passed since he had woken up there before hed succumbed to sleep, and now he was wide awake again.
It had been a strange first day, and he had found few answers. He felt today would be a similar experience. He had woken to find a meal carefully prepared, waiting for him on the desk, therefore he now knew he definitely wasnt alone. Someone was keeping him there. He suspected this had something to do with Ka. Maybe some lesson he was giving him. He had to admit, though boring, it was a lot more interesting than botany.
The food was still hot, yet he hadnt seen or heard anyone bring it in. There wasnt even a door. Regardless, he ate the food without much thought. He had been hungry and ready to get on with trying to find a way out, now that he definitely knew there had to be a way since someone was coming and going. He had a feeling the carvings on the walls would tell him, if he could figure out what they said.
 After eating the food, he had gone back in the hall to study the pictures. He had been at it for an hour, looking for a pattern. The pictures seemed to tell a story except he couldnt seem to find the beginning or the end. Nothing made sense without it. He had to find one to get to the other.
Esephris had found the place he had left off the night before, and sat down on the dusty floor with ink and a pen from the desk on the floor next to him, a parchment in his lap. He had notes scrawled down of what he recognized and what symbols were repeated often. He wanted to find the most common subject. Perhaps then he could trace it to the beginning. He thought he had found something with an ankh, but he had been wrong and it had turned out to be insignificant.
Now he was focused on the figure of the man and the orb, which he had miscalculated on his first examination as the sun. They were always in close proximity to one another. Sometimes the figure was holding it. Sometimes it looked as if the figure was dead. Sometimes someone or something else held itthings that looked like monsters or demons. The creatures appeared from time to time on the walls. There was usually death and misery surrounding them. They reminded him of his dream; maybe that was a place to start. 
Esephris stood up, intending to find something that looked like his dream. There were monsters, the orb, and the man who sometimes carried it. Both were in his dream and on the wall. He turned to pick up his ink and pen when he froze. 
On the wall where he had been sitting, the thick dust had been rubbed away. Underneath were two lines that sparkled like diamond dust, yet were glowing light blue. They slowly faded in front of him, and he quickly dropped to his knees, touching the fading light. He realized as he traced his fingers across them the lines began to glow brighter, responding to his touch.
What? he muttered to himself as he frantically began to wipe the dust from the walls, tracing the lines. 
He quickly realized the lines always seemed to intersect with the man and the orb, ignoring everything else. The orbs themselves sparkled when he touched them. It was truly amazing. The lines crisscrossed all over the walls as he unveiled more and more. It looked like a light blue spider web spread across the brown walls, ignited by his touch. He followed one blue line down until it reached the floor.
I wonder, he said to no one in particular as he began brushing the dirt off the floor. 
Just as he had suspected, the line continued along the floor. He followed it, wiping away dirt until it reached another orb. This one was in the mans hands. He cleared the dirt and dust from the walls and floor for several feet, then went back and began tracing the lines. Just as he had suspected, there were more carvings with the blue lines intersecting through.
He continued down the hall, sweeping the dirt to the side. He followed the blue lines through pictures of various people, creatures, and places. They seemed random, but the lines showed they were connected somehow. He slowly came to a realization. He was seeing choices and the overarching consequences across worlds and time. That explained the different clothing he had seen dressed on the figures.
Its a timeline, he whispered to himself in awe. 
He looked behind him, seeing all the dirt covering the long hallway back to the room. Then he sighed as he looked ahead, seeing how much he would have to clear.
I guess Id better get to work. 
He got back down and began brushing dirt away.
*
Esephris was worn out by the time he had finished clearing the entire hall of dirt, a process that had taken several hours. His knees and back were sore from kneeling, hunched over for so long. He was glad to find another hot meal waiting for him back at the room when he finally finished. How had he not heard someone come in? He hadnt been that far from the room. 
He pondered what he had discovered while he ate. The glowing lines lit up when he touched them. Was it designed to respond just to him, or did it glow for anyone? He had a feeling it was just for him. It was his nightmare that made him think that; the way the orb had glowed for him in the dream looked similar.
He took his time eating, enjoying the chance to sit and relax. The food was delicious, good enough for a king. It made him doubt he was a prisoner. Why would he be fed or treated well if he was?
He was almost finished eating when he was suddenly hit with the feeling that he was being watched. He looked up from his food, seeing a shadow on the wall out of the corner of his eye. He spun around in his chair, looking behind him just in time to see a dark cloaked figure vanish into the hallway. His heart dropped into his stomach; he felt like he had just seen a ghost. Someone had definitely been there watching him. 
He flew out of his chair and ran to the doorway. He could hear footsteps moving quickly down the hall.
The hall made a loop back to the room, and he considered running down the opposite side, hoping he could head them off. He decided it would be better to try to catch up and pursued the stranger.
Hey! Stop! Esephris shouted as he sprinted down the hall. 
The footsteps were louder now; he was catching up. The stranger was just around the corner, out of sight, when suddenly, the footsteps stopped. Esephris slowed, expecting to see the person waiting for him around the bend. However, he couldnt see them, nor did he hear anymore footsteps. He continued on until he had reached his room again.
Where did he go? he asked, turning and rushing back down the hall. 
The stranger was gone, vanished into thin air without a trace. Esephris went to the spot where he had heard the footsteps stop. There was no sign of the person anywhere. Esephris felt frustrated; he wanted to know where he was. 
He checked the walls to see if he could find a hidden door. It was the only thing that explained the strangers disappearance. He couldnt find anything to suggest there was a door anywhere as the blue lines glowed beneath his fingers.
Distracted, he traced a line to a picture that made him freeze. He saw a carving of a fountain that looked very similar to the one in his dream and saw the tiny body carved at the top; the dead boy from his dream. 
A sense of dj vu spread over him as he studied the picture, seeing a man fighting a large beast. 
He followed the blue line from the sphere forward to the next intersecting picture. In it, the man laid dead on the ground, the monsters towering over him. The orb in the picture didnt glow. There were no other lines leading past that point.
Hes dead, Esephris muttered. I guess I found an ending. It was the only picture he had found where the figure had appeared dead, as a result that must be the ending.
He followed the line back a few pictures, noticing that some had multiple lines extending out from a single picture and moving to others. He continued to follow the blue trail backward down the hall, following a story in reverse. 
He saw the point when the man got the orb. A little farther back, he saw it in someone elses possession. He seemed to trace the orb back across different civilizations, across worlds, and possibly, across time. It was the way each picture changed in style to depict the place the orb was.
The trail led back to the wall opposite his room. He ran his finger, lighting the blue trail to a circle carved in the wall. When he touched it, the circle glowed and lit up the first small parts of several trails, fourteen in all. They went off in all directions, but the one that drew his attention was the fourteenth line, pointing straight down at the ground. He ran his finger down it, following the blue light as it led into his room.
He brushed the dirt on the floor away and followed the single line as it crossed the room to the wall directly opposite of the circle, between the bed and desk. He then traced his finger up the wall until it turned into a smaller circle, about the size of a quarter. He put his finger on it, realizing the wall gave some. 
He pushed on the indention on the wall and heard the sound of stones grinding together while he could hear machinery rumbling beneath him. Turning around, he watched as the circular hall began to spin, sealing the doorway closed. He felt as if he was descending, watching the stone wall moving past the doorway, giving him mild vertigo. Then the moving wall slowed as it lined up with a new hallway, one that had stairs going straight down.
There were two bright blue lines that followed down the sides of the stairs, lighting the way. Esephris slowly approached them, looking down uneasily, unsure of what lay below. 
He could see a light shining, therefore he slowly began to descend the stairs. They went down several feet until it leveled out, and he could see a brightly lit room at the end of the hall.
Esephris felt excitement but stopped himself from sprinting the rest of the way. He had found the way out at last, he hoped. 
He reached the door and stepped though and then immediately stumbled back, leaning against the wall. 
The room was bright, and in the shape of a dome. There was no floor below, just an endless pit disappearing into darkness. In the center of the room was an altar that seemed to float.
He looked down nervously and then back at the floating altar. How am I supposed to get to that?
There was nothing to grab onto, the walls were white and smooth yet covered in inscriptions. He turned to find something to throw at the altar. He wasnt even sure it was really there; it could be an illusion. 
He quickly forgot about looking for a rock when he found himself face to face with a stranger, wearing a black, hooded robe, and there was a white cloth covering their face, pulled tight like a mask. Esephris shouted in fright.
The masked stranger raised its hand, placing it on the wall. A wall suddenly dropped from the ceiling, coming down between Esephris and the stranger, missing him by inches. He could feel the wind from it across his face as it slammed down to the ground, sealing the room.
Esephris stumbled, realizing he was right on the edge of the pit. He tried to stop himself and regain his balance but failed. He screamed as he fell towards the pit, closing his eyes and hoping it would be quick. 
He hit the ground suddenly and opened his eyes upon realizing that, not only was he alive, but he was also unhurt. He found himself staring right down into the pit. He was lying on a clear walkway. The altar wasnt floating; he just couldnt see the floor.
Esephris slowly got to his knees, feeling the walkway in front of him. The floor continued on to the altar, consequently he stood up and carefully tip-toed the rest of the way, paranoid he would step off an edge by mistake. As he neared the altar, the room began to darken.
I hope I dont completely lose the light, he said to himself as he reached the large, white altar. It had inscriptions on it in Ruby; he could actually read them. There was a play head and other short description on how to work the altar. The altar was a control panel for manipulating some type of sequence; he wasnt quite sure what though.
He stepped up to the altar, and before he had a chance to do anything, the room sprang to life. It got completely dark, and he noticed a light shining up from the bottomless pit. It grew brighter and brighter as the carvings on the walls began to glow. Esephris watched in amazement as the color of the room changed, and the carvings seemed to project out of the walls, like holograms.
Then he heard a familiar voice reverberate throughout the chamber, but he could not place it immediately. 
Welcome, Esephris, the voice echoed.
It sounded like Kas voice. He was around somewhere, just like he had suspected. 
Where am I? Esephris shouted with a hint of fear in his voice.
You are in the Archives of Time, Kas voice explained. This is where a special account of history is kept.
Special how? Esephris asked.
This Temple holds all the knowledge collected in the skulls. It is their complete history.
As the voice said this, the lights projecting from the carvings shifted, creating a bright blue orba skull. It hovered in the air above the altar, almost as big as he was. The orb shrank as it floated down to Esephris until it was a proper size, about as big as a grapefruit. He couldnt help reaching out and touching it. He felt a slight buzzing as his fingers caressed the surface of the orb and then passed through the hologram. He had never seen anything like it. 
The voice continued to talk, oblivious to Esephris.
Time is an illusion created by people who desire to regulate everything they can. In reality, it has no beginning and no end. It just is. The universe is similar; it never began and it will never end. It just exists and always will.
The room went pitch black, and the blue orb shot into the darkness until it was a tiny, twinkling dot, almost like a star. More and more stars began to appear above and below him, giving him the impression he was floating in space.
Where are you? Esephris asked, looking all around him. 
The voice did not stop to reply. He continued talking, ignoring Esephris completely.
"Inside each one of us is a fragment of light bound to the very essence of the universe itself. This fragment of light is known as a Soul, and it is as timeless as the universe itself. The body may grow old and die, however the soul exists forever. You are special, Esephris. That is why you were chosen all those years ago.
All those years ago? Esephris was confused. Wasnt it just two days ago that Ka had chosen him?
Esephriss thoughts scattered as thirteen stars came forward, growing and forming a circle of skulls in front of him, slowly spinning in the darkness. Atlantis came into view between them, spinning as the land and oceans changed before his eyes, multiple times. He watched as the continent divided into several pieces, the Atli volcano sinking into the ocean. The continent divided and separated just to reconnect again on the opposite side of the world. The blue skulls began dropping onto the globe and vanishing. It happened so fast, he couldnt tell where they had landed.
Your soul shares a special connection with these skulls, allowing you to transfer your soul to any of these lifetimes. Youre going to see many strange and incredible things. Things that no one can imagine, but also many dark and terrible things, too.
Atlantis disappeared, leaving Esephris in darkness as the stars moved and rearranged, and then a new world came into view. It was a world whose atmosphere was choked with thick, black smoke. The landscape was charred and dead.
This is Nibiru, the planet that our people came from. It was consumed by the Shadow Cult tens of thousands of years ago. Only a few of our people escaped and came to the world you know now. The Shadow Cult are creatures made of fire, fueled by hate and fury. It is for that reason they seek to end all there is. They are taunted by our lives, full of love and happiness, touch. They are in constant pain. They despise their existence and seek to put an end to it.
The planet moved up and shrank, growing brighter. The room changed around him again, and soon, he found himself standing on the docks of one of the island cities in Atlantis. He looked around him, realizing he was in Ceanna. The sky was overcast with dark storm clouds at sea, miles away. The shops were all closing early in preparation for the storm, and the streets were mostly deserted.
He could see the shop that Alluvias father and uncle worked at, so he began to walk towards it, forgetting about the empty pit below him. As it turned out, the floor covered the entire room, the projections adjusted to his position within it.
As Esephris neared Mr. Canuccas shop, the door opened and several men stepped out. Mr. Canucca was among them, his hands bound together as he was led to a lantium boat, morphed into a prison cell. Esephris hurried over to find out what was happening.
Hey! What are you doing? Esephris shouted, moving between them and the boat, trying to stop the procession. He felt foolish when all the men ignored him, passing through him as if he wasnt there. The hologram looked so real.
The first day of the festival, Mr. Canucca was arrested for trade violations. He was innocent, of course, covering for his brother, and was imprisoned in his place, the disembodied voice continued as the world changed, becoming a place Esephris knew very well. 
It was Alluvias farm in Nal, just down the road from Esephriss own home. 
As a result of her fathers imprisonment, Alluvia was suspended from classes until his trial, which took years. The farm couldnt survive, so her uncle moved in to help, out of guilt for getting his brother imprisoned.
Then the scene shifted to a thick, snow covered, mountainous forest. There was a large gathering of people for what looked like a funeral. The skies were gray and the people somber. 
General Barata, the father of your friend, Bestot, was killed during a training exercise by a Triak. Upon investigation, it was revealed that someone had tampered with it. Matchra was charged with the assassination. He escaped custody and vanished without a trace.
The world exploded into dust, reforming into a map of Atlantis. A spot on the map began to glow. 
This was the last place Matchra had been seen. 
Why are you telling me this? Esephris asked. 
The map vanished and then he could see Lisanne sitting alone in the darkness, crying softly. When Esephris tried to approach, the holograms moved her away from him.
Lisanne was subjected to something quite terrible. The exact nature of what happened is beyond my knowledge. What matters are the consequences. Lisanne found compassion from her instructor, Sesheal. From there, he was able to manipulate and control her to serve his own ends. He became her master and carried her down a path of darkness.
He saw Sesheal standing in the darkness behind Lisanne, a wicked grin on his face. The scene changed as Sesheal was suddenly shown standing at the top steps of the Temple of Light with Lisanne standing by his side. He was speaking to the crowd of people below, though Esephris couldnt hear a word that was said.
It was during the Festival that Sesheal made his move to overthrow the council, declaring himself a god and claiming supreme rule over our world, Kas disembodied voice said.
The skies grew dark, becoming thick with smoke. He heard people screaming in the distance, yet he saw them all around him, running for their lives. Esephris could see large beasts, both on the ground and in the air, laying waste to everything around him.
He will bring the Shadow Cult to our world and turn them loose, just like on Nibiru. Sesheal must be stopped, but we cannot do it without you. You must save your friends. You will need them.
How am I supposed to do that? Esephris asked.
Kas voice answered as if he had really heard him, Find the skulls that are scattered throughout time and bring them to the center of Atli Mountain. All thirteen skulls must be properly placed in order to drive the darkness out. You must practice and learn to use your gift, transfer your soul to other times and civilizations, and find the skulls. If you dont, then Atlantis will be destroyed. Good luck, Esephris.
And just like that, the holograms vanished and the room returned to its original look of white walls with Ruby inscriptions, clear floor, and a deep, dark pit below. The door opened again, but the mysterious person who had locked him in was long gone.
Esephris half stumbled out of the Archive of Time, feeling faint from both the amazing technology he had just witnessed and from the news he had received. He felt horrible hearing the terrible things that had happened to his friends, his world. It only raised the question, how long have I been gone? Kas voice had spoken as though it had been years since all those tragedies had occurred. Where had he been? He had only been in that place for two days now.
He slowly climbed the stairs, wanting to lie down on the bed and think about everything he had just heard. The news about Alluvia being kicked out of school angered him. It wasnt her fault; whatever her father had done or not done didnt justify punishing her. 
The news about Matchra being framed for murder had made him sick. Matchra was a bit of a loner and an oddball, sometimes being sensitive and quick to anger, but he would never kill someone. He was smart, preferring to mess with peoples heads to torment them. 
If he could find his way out of this place, he would find Matchra first then try to save Alluvia and Bestots father.
That had been a surprise. Learning that he and the military student would become friends. He couldnt see how, although stranger things had happened. Like what was happening right now.
As he neared the top of the stairs, he paused, hearing someone moving about the room. He slowly reached the edge of the stairs, noticing a large shadow being cast across the walls. He peeked around the corner, wanting to see the person before they took off. As he did, his eyes widened in fear.
Standing in the room, in front of his bed, was a large beast. It was covered in short, light brown fur, with small stripes of black fur down his back, legs, and arms. It stood on two legs, like an Anubi, but looked different. It was just over seven feet tall and was covered in lean muscle. 
Esephris gasped in shock, immediately covering his mouth to stifle the noise, but it was too late. The beast had heard him and turned. Its face looked similar to a coyote, but its ears were much longer and had been pierced by a dozen gold rings. Its eyes were golden and fierce, yet somehow non-threatening. Moreover, it wore gold cuffs around its wrists and ankles.
The beast also wore a leather sword harness with the shiny weapon in full view. It had on a purple and gold headdress and loincloth that looked ceremonial in nature, the colors of royalty. Its powerful hands and feet were tipped with razor sharp claws that could easily rip him to shreds.
Esephris was terrified, frozen to the spot, unable to run. He had never seen anything like it before. The beast looked at him for a long, tense moment and then its mouth widened into a sinister, toothy grin, revealing sharp, pearly white fangs.
Esephris, wide-eyed, had just one thought, where am I?
Follow the Story

http://www.skullsofatlantis.com

http://www.facebook.com/skullsofatlantis

https://twitter.com/esephris

#skullsofatlantis

