


IMPACT

Dorothy Raven



Smashwords Edition
Copyright  Dorothy Raven 2014


Dorothy Raven is hereby identified as the author of this work in accordance with Section 77 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 




Cover Design by Tugboat Design







Spikes dog is good at finding bones, even in heavy snow.
Usually Spike lets him eat them.  But not this one








To the most wonderful Mum and Dad
 anyone could wish for.  
Thank you for everything.




ONE

Bones


In the echoing gloom of the hay barn, a tall, gaunt figure stared down at the gaping hole in the ground.   
Despite the bitter cold, sweat trickled down his forehead.  He reached up to wipe it away with his sleeve, and then stood for a moment, his bony arms hanging loosely by his sides, trying to still his beating heart. 
After weeks of snow and plummeting temperatures, even here in the shelter of the hay barn, the ground had been like iron.  
He took a long, deep breath, picked up the head, and turned it over in his hands, staring at it.  A sinister smile stretched his face, twisting the scar that ran from his eye to the missing tip of his ear.
Not so clever now, are you, my friend?   
Lowering his hands, he let the skull roll over the tips of his fingers and tumble into the blackness below.  It cracked loudly against other bones and rolled toward a corner where it rested, gazing up at him through hollow sockets. 
He gazed back at it, without emotion, and then reaching across, he closed his aching fingers around the handle of a spade, yanked it free, and shovelled up the earth onto the bones until they were completely covered.  Another long breath sent clouds of mist into the air.  Finished.
 Wearily, he straightened up.  One thing less to worry about; leaving those bones hanging around any longer could have been risky. 
Smoothing the earth with his boot, he leaned across to stand the spade against the wall, and rested for a while, thinking.  Time to go in.  Outside, an icy wind gusted, whistling through the barn and whipping across his neck like cold steel.  A glance at the leaden sky told him there was a lot more snow to come. Curse this weather, would it ever stop snowing?
He stood, watching, as the first new flakes began to drift on the air.  How he hated the cold.  He shivered, and pulled his jacket tightly across his chest.  He knew of a place that was warmer than this.
Tugging fiercely at his collar, he set off, stomping purposefully across the icy yard, on the long trudge to the warmth of the kitchen.
Wait a minute
He hesitated for a second or two, peering through the flakes, and then stepped off the path and over towards a large spiked bush, bowed down by the weight of snow.  Nearing the lowest branch, he stopped.  There, on the ground, edges softened by the icy wind, were a few faint prints.  He eased his aching knees into a crouching position, and began tracing the outline with a finger.  Paw prints.  A fox?  Notoo big. 
He spread his hand against the width of the prints.  A dog.  He nodded to himself.  Definitely a dog, a large dog.  His eyes narrowed.  There was only one dog around that fitted that description.  That damned mutt from the old girls placebut how - 
Glancing up, he stared at the hedge that surrounded his property, tall and thick, an impenetrable mass of thorns, broken only by the occasional towering trunk of a tree.  There was no way that dog could have got through there.  It must have come through the gate.
Whirling around, he plodded off towards the iron gates at the end of the drive.  They were bitterly cold, delicately draped in snowand firmly closed.
Stiffly, he turned, his mouth set in a firm line.  It must be digging its way in.  Later on, hed have a look.  Later on, hed take a torch out and search every foot of the ground along that hedge until he found it, and next time that dog came calling, hed be waiting. 
Back in the kitchen, he filled the kettle, slammed it on the ring, spooned three coffees and sugars into an old mug, and then walked across to where his shotgun stood against the wall.
He picked it up, took two cartridges from a box and slid them carefully into the barrel.  If that kids dog came onto his land again, hed show it the business end of old Bessie.  It would be an accident, of course, but this time that pest would be history.  A leer curled his lip.  Plenty of room for one more in the hay barn.
He grinned, then resting his shotgun on the table, picked up the remains of lunch and took a large bite, leaning across to press the button on the radio.  The dull drone of the newsreaders voice faded in and out with the chewing and he barely listened, until one particular item tugged at his attention. 
In mid-chew, he spun around.  What?
He gave the volume control a sharp twist.  The voice of the newsreader burst out.
We go now to our reporter, Malcolm Haskins, on the steps of the Old Bailey
The trial of Toby and Molly McKendrick ended today.  Toby McKendrick was sentenced to Life imprisonment for the murder of Timothy Forsyth, a Hatton Garden diamond merchant, whose mutilated body was found on New Years Day and identified from dental records.
Molly McKendrick was acquitted on a charge of manslaughter and walked free from the Court.
It was revealed during the trial that acting on an anonymous tip-off, police were able to unearth new evidence in the case
Over on the stove, the kettle boiled furiously, but he didnt notice.
Molly McKendrick walked free
Walked free? How could that have happened?
The sandwich went down in a lump.  It shouldnt have happened.  Surely, hed given them enough
Sweat pricked on his forehead.  Molly McKendrick was out and it was only a matter of time before she came looking for him.  He knew the McKendricks very well and it wasnt Toby that had the vicious streak.  Molly McKendricks hobbies were the stuff of nightmares.
Dropping the crusts onto his plate, he stood up.
Molly McKendrickif she ever found him
Kicking back his chair, he began to pace the floor.  Perhaps she wouldnt find him.  He was out in the middle of nowhere, wasnt he? Shed never find him here.
With shaking hands, he poured the water into his coffee, laced it with rum, and stirred.  Then he took a long swig from the bottle, letting the fiery liquid burn down his throat.
She wont find meshe cant find meshe mustnt find me
With a dreadful certainty, he knew it was only a matter of time.  And all because of a few damned diamonds
In that instant, he stopped and almost fell against the table.  Diamondsof course!
Lighting a cigarette, he inhaled deeply and felt the fear ebb away.
She wouldnt find himnot where he was going.
Grasping the shotgun, he snapped it shut.  Whatever happened, hed be ready.

 
TWO


The Meeting at the Forge

A human leg bone!
Spikes eyes bulged in amazement.  He knew it was something special, he just knew it.
Standing beside him, Terri looked down at the long, creamy grey object in front of them.  Of course it was a bone, everyone could see that.  That much was obvious the minute Spike had crashed through the door, pulled open a tatty carrier bag, and thrown the thing onto the table.  She hadnt paid much attention to it at the time, because Spike was always turning up with something or other, but now
Her mouth hung half open.  A human leg bone?  It couldnt be.  Doc must be wrong.  With a slight shiver, she remembered Doc was usually right.
They continued to stare at it.  Across the table, Meatball leaned in for a closer look, his huge frame casting a shadow.  Spreading his hands across the table, he peered at it from every angle.
Human, he muttered.  Dyou reckon?
That, Duke said, is disgusting.  Gingerly, he put out a hand and touched the object with his finger.  For some reason, he expected it to feel clammy, but it was smooth and dry.
Pulling off her surgical gloves, Doc frowned at them all over the rim of her glasses.
I didnt say was human, she said.  Ill have to do some research first, in Dads books.  But it looks like the one on his skeleton.
Spike nodded firmly.  The sharply gelled brown spikes on his head flicked back and forth. 
It is, he declared, its a bit of a body, I bet.
Terri rolled her eyes.  Here he goes.
What?  Spike looked at her.  Doc says its a leg bone.
I didnt say it was, Doc repeated.  I said it looks like it.
Same thing, Spike muttered. 
It isnt.
Its not really, mate, said Meatball.  Lets wait and see what Doc finds out. 
Duke picked up the bone and sniffed it.  Reeks a bit, he said.  Where did you say you found it, Spike?
Taking the bone from Dukes grasp, Doc slipped it back into the bag, and tucked her magnifying lens into her pocket.  I was going to ask that, too, Spike, she said.  It could be very important.
Spike walked across to a rickety deckchair and lowered himself carefully down into the sagging seat.
I knew it was important.  He sighed.  I guessed it was.
A loud whistle interrupted proceedings.  On a small wood-burning stove in the corner of the forge, a battered tin kettle spouted a burst of steam.  Grabbing a cloth, Duke wrapped it around the handle, pulled off the whistle, and poured boiling water into five cups of hot chocolate.  Then he passed them around and reached for the biscuits. 
So what happened then, Spike?  Did you find itor Ed?
At the mention of his name, Spikes dog pricked its ears.  Ed was an enormous Irish Wolfhound, sleek and long, with spiky fur that almost matched his owners.  Devoted to Spike and his brother, Billy, he adored them all and was happy to be anywhere, as long as he was in their company.  At that moment, he was dozing, stretched across the floor in front of the stove, his great chest rising and falling as he panted with the heat.  With an effort, he lifted his head in answer to his name and yawned, showing a large set of white teeth.  
Crouching down beside him, Terri gave his broad head a pat.  Bet it was you, she whispered.  She glanced up.  Bet it was Ed that found it, hes a brilliant tracker. 
Blearily, Ed stared at her, gave her a sniff, and licked her nose.
Of course, Spike answered, proudly.  It was Ed all right.  He found it on Gullivans land.  But Im not sure where.
Dukes cup hit the table with a thud.  The others stopped drinking and turned to stare at Spike.  
Gullivans land?  Meatball wiped froth from his upper lip.  Are you off your trolley?
Terry stood up.  She said nothing, but took a long slurp of her chocolate, while she thought about Cornelius Gullivan. What was Spike thinking of?
What?  Spike returned their stare.  I was taking Ed for a walk.
On Gullivans land, Duke repeated.
Spike shrugged.  Ive got to take him somewhere.
Meatball shuffled about, trying to get his broad body comfortable in a small sofa.  Theres loads of places you can take him, he said.  Your Grans got tons of land.  Why go near his place?  You know what a nasty piece of work he is, its asking for trouble.
Its all right, Spike said, carelessly.  Leaning forward, he took a biscuit from the packet Duke offered, looked down his nose at it, and then pushed it whole into his mouth.
Anyway, he spluttered, between spraying pieces of biscuit, Eds fed up with Grans land.  Hes peed on all the trees.
Hes always peeing on the trees, Terri said.  He doesnt care which one it is.
Doc sat down in a battered armchair, pulled up her feet, and leaned back; her slender form almost disappearing into the cushions.  
So, she said, whereabouts on Gullivans land did you say Ed dug this up?   
Spikes forehead creased in thought. 
I dunno exactly, he said.  Last time I looked Ed was having a pee and you know when he goes he takes ages, so I went off to look at something else and when I looked back, there he was, trotting up to me with this.  He seemed to come from near the old cowshed.  And Ive seen Gullivan going in there before.
Well, he was probably putting tools in it or something, Terri suggested, getting up to slam a shutter that kept blowing in the wind.  People do.
Putting tools away? Oh come onin the middle of winter?
Meatball nodded.  Does seem odd.
Hes up to something, Spike said.  I know it.
You dont know that.  Terri watched as the top fell off her biscuit and sank slowly to the bottom of her cup.
Shes right, Duke added.  You dont know anything, Spike.  Youre always thinking youve discovered something.  Remember the bank robbery?  And the crop circles? 
Hes had Grans chickens, Spike said, ignoring him.  You know, those weird-looking ones that lay the funny eggs.
You havent got any proof, Doc said.
Meatball picked idly at a loose thread on the arm of the sofa.  
Wouldnt put it past him, he murmured, Ive seen him blasting away at the birds with that gun of his. 
Duke nodded in agreement. 
Thats true.  And we know he puts traps down for rabbits.  And there was that dead badger we found.  Course, it could be a fox that had the chickens. 
Spike shook his head vigorously, sending his spikes into frenzy.
Whatall of them?  It was Gullivan all right.  He shot at Ed, didnt he?  And he threatened Mr Price.
Meatball wound the loose thread carefully around his finger.  He wasnt sure it was a good idea to get onto the subject of Mr Price. 
Joseph Price was a long-standing friend of Spikes gran and a frequent visitor at Yew Tree Cottage, where he spent hours with Spike and his younger brother Billy.  For most of their lives, hed been the closest thing they had to a grandfather.  Now hed been absent for several days and Spike was convinced Gullivan had something to do with it.  
So you keep saying, Meatball answered quickly.  Docs right though.  Youve got no proof Gullivan had the chickens.
Curled snugly in an old aircraft seat near the stove, Terri scowled.
I wouldnt like to meet Gullivan on a dark night.
Well, we dont like him, Doc argued.  But that doesnt mean hes a killer, does it?
Spike folded his arms defiantly.  Hes killed Mr Price.  I know he has.
Meatball closed his eyes.  OK, Mr Price hadnt been around for a while, but it didnt mean he was dead.  He sighed.  Spike and his crazy ideas.
Oh come on, Spike.  Mr Price is always going away on those digs of his.  Its only been a few days.
Youve forgotten Gullivan threatened him with a shotgun?
He threw Mr Price off his land because he was trespassing, Duke interrupted.
Spikes eyes were wild and staring.  Its a right of way! he snapped.  He cant fence it off!
Your gran doesnt seem worried, Doc commented.
Spike huffed.  Yeah, well you know Gran, she thinks everyones nice.
Im hungry, Meatball announced, hanging his legs over the arm of the sofa.  They reached almost to the floor on the other side.  Meatball had always been big for his age, he was still thirteen, but already overshadowed the others.  Anyone bring any grub? 
Youre always hungry, Duke said.
And like youre not, Meatball said, glancing at him.  Though I dunno what you do with it.
Duke was fourteen, the eldest of the group, and almost as tall as Meatball, but stick thin.
Thats because my food goes to my brain, Duke retorted. 
Oh.  So thats why youve got a big head, Meatball said.  He threw up a hand as an enormous yawn threatened to engulf his face.
Terri watched him.  You still having that dream, Meatball? 
Yup.
Spike sat up, balanced on one elbow.  The rickety deckchair moaned and creaked as he moved.
What did you say it was about?
Meatball sighed.  He didnt want to think about the vivid dream hed been having almost every night for the last couple of months. Somehow, it made him tired, just remembering it, and he knew that if he closed his eyes even for an instant, hed see it all again, running through his mind like a film.  The darkness of the cave, the damp, musty smell, the drip, drip, drip of water and the fearsome, terrifying noises echoing through the entrance.  Then he would be walking, however much he tried to stop himself, and the earth would split open
I told you, he said, Im in a cave.  And its dark.  Pitch black.  And theres no air.  And outside theres all these noises
Doc sat up in her chair, wondering.  It wasnt the first time Meatball had had strange dreams, though some of them were more like nightmares
What sort of noises?
Meatball threw up his hands.  I dunno. Weird noises. Bellowing or rumbling or somethingI dunnoI dont want to think about it.
After a few moments silence, Duke drained the last of his chocolate, walked across to the table and picked up the bone.
OK, he said, in a commanding voice. Its a bone.  Possibly human.  The question is, if it is human, who does it belong to? Thats what weve got to find out.  Course, if it isnt -
If it isnt, Meatball finished, then what does it belong to?
Leaning forward onto the table, Duke looked at each of them in turn.  A lock of blond hair fell across his eye.
I reckon, he said, loudly, if Ed found this bone by the cowshed, we ought to go -
Spike shot up out of the chair so quickly it collapsed.  Right, lets go!  
Duke shook his head firmly.  The lock of hair flipped about and he smoothed it back with his hand.  We cant go yet.  We dont even know what it is.  Wait till Docs examined the bone -
But thatll take ages - 
Doc glared at him. 
Itll take as long as it takes, she said.  Dyou want to do it?
Terri shrugged.  Its probably just an animal bone anyway.
Might be, Duke said, but we dont know anything for sure.  If we watch Gullivan for a day or so, see what he does -
Walking across to the biscuit tin, Spike prised it open.
Whatever, he said.
Duke and Meatball glanced at each other.  They knew what Spike was like.  What he said and what he did werent always the same.  If Spike decided something needed investigating, then he would investigate it, with or without them and no doubt, poor Terri would get dragged along, as usual.
Right, said Duke,  if theres no more business, I declare this meeting over.
Lifting a mallet high into the air, he brought it down with a crash on the table.  The corner of the table promptly fell off and onto the floor.  Bending low, he scooped it up and slipped it into a drawer, then smoothed his blond hair immaculately back into place.
In the meantime, he added, looking pointedly at Spike, we stay away from Gullivan.  Agreed?
Doc gave a shiver.  You dont have to tell me twice.
Agreed, Meatball murmured.
Spike popped the remaining biscuit into his mouth and crunched. 
Whatever, he spluttered.
Terri said nothing.
Rising from the sofa, Meatball stood up and stretched, and then looked at his watch.
Anyone want to come round my place and watch the match on our new telly? 
Yeah I will, Duke said.
Picking up the bag with the bone, Doc pushed it inside her coat.  Ill pass, she said, I need to get started on this.
Spike?
Spike shook his head.  Things to do.
Meatball shrugged. 
How about you, Terri?
Er 
Shes got things to do as well, Spike interrupted.
One by one, they filtered out of the door, Meatball slamming it closed behind him. 
This snows pretty bad, Ill walk back with you, Spike said, as he and Terri made their way down the path.  See you guys later.  Im going to walk home with Terri before the snow gets any worse.
Meatball and Duke stood watching them as they walked away. 
Think we both know where theyre going, he whispered.
Duke raised his eyebrows.  Up to them.
Turning, they jogged to catch up with Doc.   
Doc was deep in thought as she walked down the hill, her computer of a brain concerned with only one thing.  The bone.  The bone and its history.  What was it, where had it come from and, even more thrilling, were there any more
Some distance away, Terri, Spike and Ed plodded down the lane and then turned to take the road to the village, where the snow whipped against the hedgerows in huge drifts.
Spose youre going to go anyway, Terri murmured.
Someones got to, Spike said.  Doc could be ages mucking about with that bone.
They were almost at the village, when a second thought popped into Terris mind.
Spike, she said, prodding him on the shoulder, how did Ed get into Gullivans land to find that bone?  The hedge around it is impossible to get through.
Spike looked the other way. 
Beats me, he said, praps he dug his way in.
Spike
He turned to look at her. 
Youll see.
Terri gave up.  OK, she said.  Meet you about three?
They were now at Terris house, standing by the front gate, which was wedged firmly half-open with snow. 
Make it two, he said, itll be dark by four.  See you later.
A look of anxiety crossed Terris face.
Spike, she said, slowly, you are sure, are you?  That Gullivan wont be there?  SpikeSpike?
Her words faded and then disappeared into the icy air.  Head down, hands in his pockets, Spike was already plodding away through the snow.  And Terri had a good idea of exactly what was going through his mind.



THREE

In Gullivans Cowshed


This is the deepest snow ever, Spike said, as he and Terri stepped over the stile at the edge of the meadow and into the field.  Gran said it was going to be a bad winter.
It was just gone two oclock, but a bank of dense cloud, heavy with snow, was already restricting the light. 
Terri paused to pull out a woollen hat, forced it down over her springy brown curls, and slowly looked around her.  The countryside looked as if a large white quilt had spread upon the ground.  The silence was ear splitting. 
She nodded.  Your gran was right, she said.  Then staring up at the leaden sky, she added, You dont think it might be better to wait till the morning?
Spike shook his head.
No.  I want to know whats up there. 
With difficulty, Terri trudged forward, sinking knee-deep into the snow. The cold radiated through her boots and socks, biting her toes.  
Beside her, Spike pressed his boot gingerly into the crisp surface and then watched it disappear.  Before he could stop it, freezing snow tumbled into the top, collecting around his ankles.  He plunged in his other foot and the same thing happened, but it was too soon to think about emptying them. 
Right, he said.  This way.
Tucking their hands into their pockets, they set off across the vast expanse of white in the direction of Gullivans land. 
They reckon schoolll be shut for ages, Terri puffed, as they trudged along.  She was peering ahead, through eyes screwed tight against the glare, her warm breath billowing out into the freezing air like puffs of smoke.  
I know, Spike gasped.  Can you believe they gave us homework? 
Docs done hers already.  And she wont let us copy. 
Slowly, they plodded on up the curve of the hill.  In the far distance beyond the field, Hawketts Wood came into view, standing like a fortress, shrouded in snow.
At the top of the hill, Terri paused, hands on hips, and took a long breath.  Is it much further, Spike?  My legs ache.
Not far, he said.  But its no good, Ill have to empty these boots. Theyre getting too heavy.  
He stopped for a moment, leaned one hand on her shoulder, and then reached down and one by one, pulled off his boots.   
A heap of snow tumbled out.  Shivering slightly, he replaced them and they continued on their way, silent, until they reached the thick hedging of hawthorn and beech that surrounded Gullivans property, now under planted with another bush that was studded with vicious thorns the size of four-inch nails.
Firethorn, thats what that is, said Spike.  Hes planted it to keep people out. 
Looking across at the bleak outline of Gullivans land, Terri felt an icy chill.  Gullivan was the most unpleasant man shed ever met.  He lived alone on Stoneridge Farm in the middle of that land.  He was alone for a reason, she thought, alone because he had a reputation for shooting any creature that ventured onto his property.  She sank her hands even deeper into her pockets.  
He keeps people out all right, she murmured, Peopleand anything else living.
Spike peered out from under his hood. 
Maybe, he said,  but I know something he doesnt.  This way, its just along here.
Leading the way, he set off, padding softly along the hedgerow until they came to an enormous tree, wider than the two of them put together.  It looked out over the valley, tall and proud, its twisted branches reaching up as if to support the sky.
Spike stepped across to the trunk and patted it like an old friend. 
This is Solomon, he said.  Older than this hedging, older than this field even, hes been here hundreds and hundreds of years.  Its the tree Robin Hood hid in.  Gran told me.
Terri wasnt sure if this really was the tree Robin Hood had hidden in, but she had by now lost all feeling in her toes and was wishing Spike would get to the point.
And?  Hows this going to help us?
Grasping a branch with both hands, Spike moved it forward and then sideways.  Then he eased his fingers under a huge section of bark, pulled it and lifted it to one side.
Wow! 
And look at thissee? 
Spike shone his torch into the depths of the trunk.  Through the opening, the beam revealed a narrow passageway.
Its hollow! 
It was struck by lightning years ago, Spike explained, burnt the guts right out.  Come on, its this way!
Leaving the snow and the daylight behind, they stepped into the eerie gloom.  Stale, musty air hung around their faces like a suffocating cloud and Terri felt the sudden need to cough, without really knowing why.  She stared, in awe, at the blackened trunk, following it upwards with her eyes until it became one with the sky.
Dont touch the sides, hissed Spike.  Its crawling with stuff.
Terri shuddered.  Stuff didnt bother her, but crawling did.  Pulling her scarf tightly around her neck in case anything unspeakable fell down it, she followed close behind Spike, kept one hand on his coat and prayed he knew what he was doing.
Please tell me theres a way out - 
Course theres a way out, Spike said.  Its coming up.
A few steps further on, Spike halted, reached across and grasped two handles in the side of the trunk.  Another panel of bark lifted clear and in a blaze of blinding light, Gullivans field was revealed, crisp and white and, after last nights new fall of snow, smooth as a millpond.
For a moment, Terri stood gazing around her, screwing up her eyes. 
So, she said, quietly.  This is how Ed got into Gullivans field.
Spike nodded.  Glancing up at the greying sky, he said, Theres a load of snow up there, I can smell it.  Wed better get a move on, we want to get there and back before that lot comes down so it hides our tracks.  We dont want Gullivan to know how we got in.   
They forced their weary legs onwards.  The temperature was already falling, forming a crisp crust on the snow.  Every step shattered the smooth surface.  Halfway across, the ground dipped into a slope and turning sideways, they slid down onto level ground.  A dilapidated wreck of a building stood before them, wearing a thick hat of snow.  
This is it, Spike whispered.  Its in here.
This place?  You sure?  She peered around the edge of the door into the darkness.  It doesnt look like its been used for years.
Well, hes using it, Ive seen him.  Hes stashing stuff somewhere in here.  Might even be a body.  Ed couldve got that bone thing from here, we dont know.  Dipping into his pocket, he pulled out a small torch and passed it to her.  Here, hold this a minute -
He pulled hard on the wooden panels of the door and it creaked further open just wide enough for him to slip through and brace himself against it, so Terri could squeeze through the narrow gap. 
Put the torch on! 
Turning it over in her hands, Terri flicked the switch.  A weak yellowing beam cut through the darkness, lighting up the edges of old farming tools strewn about the floor.  Cautiously, they picked their way across the cowshed, stepping with care over rusted blades and wheels.  Slivers of daylight seeping through cracks in the walls flickered across them as they moved, throwing ghostly images onto the floor. 
Wed better be quick, Terri said, fiddling with the torch.  Theres not much life left in this thing.
Yes, OK, OK.  Spike peered through the gloom.  Theres a box here somewhere, a sort of large trunk thing.
How dyou know?
I peered through one day when he was in here.  I saw him putting things in it.
Are you nuts?
Never mind that, Spike said. I bet thats where everything is, come on, lets have a look.
The back of the cowshed was like an obstacle course, littered with bits of furniture, sinks, an old fridge and various motor tyres and seats.  Gingerly, Spike eased his way through, Terri stumbling behind, until they came to a large mound in the corner.
Thisll be it, he said.  Im sure he went this way.  Its probably under this lot.
Pushing away some old tyres, they pulled aside a heavy tarpaulin.  Beneath, lay a battered wooden trunk.
Bingo!
Kneeling down, Spike pulled off his gloves, gripped the lid firmly, and heaved it open.  
Spikewhatevers in there isnt ours, said Terri quietly, as she watched Spike peer inside.  We shouldnt be touching it.  We shouldnt even be here.
Spike straightened up and looked her squarely in the face. 
Whos to say its Gullivans? he said.  Ive seen him, Terri.  Hes getting it from somewhere over the hill there.  Look, I know no one believes me, but Gullivans up to something and Im going to prove it.  Just give me a hand with this, will you?
Terri sighed.  She knew from experience it was no use trying to change his mind.  Systematically, they began to work through the trunk, Spike passing items to Terri who laid them out neatly on the tarpaulin. 
There were two goblets, wrapped in newspaper for protection and a large tankard with a crest on it.  Next came a small bag, made of leather.  Terri slid her gloved fingers inside and eased open the strings.  It was full of watches and rings.  Selecting one or two of the rings, she gazed at them, watching them sparkle as she turned them in the light of the torch.  Then she dropped them back into the bag, yanked on the strings and laid them down.
Almost immediately, Spike passed her two large items wrapped in a cloth, which slipped sideways as she held them, revealing two ornate candlesticks.
These look like silver, Spike!  Terris voice was hushed, her warm breath clouding the icy cold of the metal.
Spike looked up and nodded. 
Stolen, I bet.
He turned back to the trunk.
Hang on, he whispered.  What have we got here?
What? What is it?
I dont know -
The heavy object lay wrapped in an oily rag.  Gently, Spike lifted it clear of the trunk and laid it on his knees.  Peeling away the cloth, his fingers rested on cold steel.
Terri froze.  
Watch it with that Spike, its dangerous
Spike gazed at the thing in wonder, and then taking it in his hand, slipped his freezing fingers around the handle and felt the weight of it.
Its a gun.
Put it back.
Spike continued to stare at it.
Spike!
I will, he protested.  After Ive wiped it for prints.  Id better do that, they always do it on the telly.
He looked at it one more time, and then wiped the handle and the barrel, re-wrapped it and placed it cautiously back in the trunk.  
Anything else?  Terri asked, leaning over his shoulder.  Whats that?  Thats not silver.  That looks like gold.
Reaching in, Spike grasped the new thing and handed it to her.  It was a plain golden band set in the centre with a large stone.
Looks like some sort of tiara, she murmured.
I reckon we should take it -
You cant go helping yourself to stuff, its not ours.
Only this, Spike urged.  Doc can find out what it is.  It might belong to the body.
Terri shivered.  All right, but just this.  And weve got to bring it back.  Now put these others back, Spike and for heavens sake, lets get out of here, before anyone sees us.
Hang on, theres something else here 
His voice echoed deep within the box.  
Spike!  Come on!
Terri tugged violently at Spikes sleeve.  She was still shivering, partly from cold and partly from the thought that any moment Gullivan and his shotgun would appear behind them.  
Yes all right, Im coming, Im coming, keep your hair on.  Look at this, weve got to take it.
Slowly, he raised his cupped hands into the air.  Sitting neatly in the well between was a large, gleaming silver ball.
Wow!  What is it? 
Spike shook his head, puzzled. 
Dunno, he said.  He considered it from every angle.  Its got to be something though, hasnt it?
Well bring it then, but please hurry up!  She jumped to her feet, shoving him hard.  Look, its snowing already, weve got to get back.
With a sigh of impatience, Spike lowered the lid of the trunk and flicked the catches shut.  She was right and he knew it and he hated it when she was right. With a heave, he pulled the tarpaulin back into place; draped and tucked it as well as he could and dragged back the tyres, then with some effort he eased himself upright.  
At that moment, a thunderous BOOM rocked the icy stillness.  It battered their eardrums, shaking the rubble on the floor of the old cowshed.  Outside, crows scattered from the treetops, cawing loudly. 
There was no mistaking the sound; they had heard it too often.  It was the echoing report of a shotgun.  And it was very near. 
Instinctively, Terri opened her mouth to cry out but Spike covered it with his hand and put a finger to his lips.
She clawed desperately at his fingers.
Gullivan, she choked.
She had scarcely uttered his name when the whole wall erupted toward them with an enormous blast that ripped through the timber of the cowshed, filling the air with a mass of choking dust, splinters of wood and ricocheting pellets.  With a painful crunch, their knees hit the hard stone floor as they crumpled into a heap, dragging their coats over their heads as debris rained down.  Rigid with shock, they waited, ears ringing in the darkness, trying to still their hearts as if the pounding might bring Gullivan stomping toward them.  
Several minutes passed as they huddled together, straining to hear any sound and then cautiously, Spike peeled back his hood and lifted his head.  
Beside him, her voice still muffled by her coat, Terri whispered, He knows were here  
A third shot.  It spooked them for a moment, but it was quieter this time, and a little more distant.  
Its all right, Spike said, hes just shooting rooks again.  And it sounds like hes moving away -
They knelt in silence, welded together, listening.  The shots grew fainter and fainter, until they faded into the distance.  
Quick as a flash, Spike leaped to his feet.  
Now!  Before he comes back!
Grabbing Terris hand and pulling her upright, he bent to retrieve the silver ball.  Cautiously they made their way back across the cowshed, alert to any sound.  All was quiet.  Putting out a hand, Spike pressed his fingertips against the old wooden door.  At his touch, it swung slowly open and they stepped outside.  
The snow was falling heavily again as they set off back towards the field.  Terris heart was thudding like a hammer.  She felt gripped with anxiety; it seemed to be engulfing her, wrapping itself around her like a suffocating belt.  Gullivan was about with his shotgun.  
This thickening snow didnt help.  Try as she might, she couldnt seem to make any headway through it.  Her feet felt like lead, heavy and dragging and somewhere in the back of her mind, she realised her boots must also be weighed down with snow, but she had no time to empty them.  If only they could get to Solomon
Straining her eyes, she peered through the swirling flakes for any sight of the old oak tree, taking some comfort in the fact that Gullivan wouldnt be able to see them once they were inside the trunk.  The creepy-crawlies would be there, of course, probably swarming everywhere after the row Gullivan had made, but she didnt care.  
Behind her, Spike was trudging along keeping watch, thinking about the things theyd found.  Things hed expected to find.  And one or two that he hadnt.  He whistled softly.  All that loot.  Hed always known Gullivan was a thief and there, right before their eyes, had been the proof. 
Beneath his scarf, Spikes mouth set in a grim line.  He knew Gullivan was a murderer too, even if no one else did and one way or another, he was going to prove it. 
He found himself glancing back over his shoulder for any sight of the man hed grown to hate.
Spike! 
The torrent of flakes tumbling around them muffled the word.  Spike looked at Terri, who was struggling to look back at him through snow-laden lashes.
What! 
Got your torch?  Were nearly at the tree.
The torch?  Oh, the torch, right -  
With difficulty, he plunged a hand into his pocket.  Then he plunged a hand into his other pocket.  And then his coat.  And then his bag.  
Oh, he said.
Terri spun around, incredulous.
You havent.
He nodded.  Chunks of soft snow slipped from his spiky head like huge flakes of dandruff and fell to the ground.
I have.
For goodness sake!  How dyou manage it?
It wont matter.  He wont see it.
Terri looked thoughtful. Lets hope youre right.  Its only a torch, I suppose it could be anyones.
Spike swallowed awkwardly.  Um
What?  Dont tell me it had your name on it.
Noit had Billys.
Billy?
Well, I couldnt find mine, so I borrowed his.  Its got Spiderman on it.
Spiderman 
Terri sighed in disbelief.  Well theres only one thing we can do, she said.
Go back for it? 
She stepped inside the tree. 
No, she said, glaring at him.  Pray Gullivan doesnt find it.



FOUR

The Silver Ball


In the large conservatory at the side of her home, Doc sat with her feet tucked up on the settee, dozing.  Shed been up till late studying the bone Spike had found and as usual, when she was working on something new, shed woken at first light that morning with a head full of ideas. 
Now, three hours later, sleep was again catching up with her, when a loud rapping noise shook her awake.  With a gasp, she catapulted upright.  What  
As she screwed up her eyes, something strange came slowly into focus.  The strange thing looked like a squashed nose.  Through bleary eyes, she squinted hard at the snow-dusted windowpane.  It was a squashed nose.  And it was on the front of a misted face that looked familiar.  
Spike.  She might have known.
With a sigh, she released the breath shed been holding and looked at him.  His mouth pressed close to the pane forming some words, while his finger jerked convulsively in the direction of the door.
For crying out loud, Spike, you frightened the life out of me!
Pushing herself up and out of the settee, she walked swiftly across and threw back the bolts.  A gust of icy air buffeted her face as the door opened.
Cant you just tap like anyone else? 
Sorry.
Doc sighed, tucking her long black hair behind her ears.  Its all right, she said.  You caught me by surprise, thats all.  I mustve fallen asleep studying that bone of yours.  Come on in.
Spike stepped into the warmth, hung his coat on the hook, and looked around.  Docs conservatory always fascinated him.  It was so full of interesting stuff.  Directly ahead was a brick wall stacked from floor to ceiling with books.  To one side stood a large desk littered with various papers and an array of scientific instruments.  An enormous glass-fronted cabinet stood in the corner, teeming with bones and creepy specimens of all kinds.  Every time he was here, Spike longed to investigate.  Slowly, he put out a hand.
Dont touch anything, Spike, you know how Dad is with his things.  She glanced at him.  Isnt Terri with you? 
Picking up a bottle from the table to examine it, Spike squinted at the label.  Hed seen enough of Latin to recognise it, but not enough to understand what it said.
Shell be here in a minute, he answered, vaguely. She had to baby-sit her brother till her mum got back.  
He put the bottle back down and then wandered casually over to the desk to stare at the bone.
Good job I got to that before Ed chewed it.  Wed have had it if hed started crunching it.
Doc stifled a yawn.  Dyou know, its odd 
She paused.  Get the door, Spike.  Its Terri. 
Spike walked across and opened it. 
OK? 
Terri gave him a look that said she hadnt forgotten scrambling for her life across a snowy field.
Pulling a rucksack from her back, she let it slide to the floor and then dropped into a large sofa and made herself comfortable.  At least its warm in here, she said.  She smiled at Doc.  Okay, Doc?  What you doing?
I was just going to tell Spike about this.  Doc pointed at the bone.  Dyou know, Ive been through every book Dads got and I cant find anything like it.
Whatnothing at all?
Nope.  And theres something weird about it.  I wondered if it might be worth filming.  Could you film it on your phone, Spike?
Why?
Doc hesitated.  
Wellin case its evidence.
Spikes eyes opened wide. 
Evidence - 
Evidence? asked Terri.  Whatpolice type evidence, you mean?
Well, we cant rule out the possibility -
Another hammering at the glass made them look up.  Two more faces were outside peering in.  
Duke and Meatball practically fell inside the door as Spike opened it, bringing with them a blast of Arctic air.  Flakes of snow blowing at their heels, they hurried across to the radiator to press their backsides firmly against the hot metal. 
Thats better, Meatball sighed.  My bums frozen solid.  Got any grub, Doc?
Only crisps.
Thatll do.  
Pulling a large bag from the drawer, she grabbed a couple of packets and threw them at him.  He caught the first pack, dropped the second and fell into an easy chair with the effort.  
You werent working in here all last night, were you? asked Duke.  It mustve been freezing.
Doc shook her head.
Only till about eleven.  I had my sleeping bag and a hot water bottle.  Not that it did me much good, Im still no nearer.
So you dont know what it is, then?
Oh yes.  I know what it is.
They all stared at her. 
You do know what it is.
She shook her head.  No, she said, thats the trouble.
Spike dipped into the bag on the desk, opened a packet of crisps, and started eating. 
Anyone know what shes on about? 
Duke stroked his chin with his finger and thumb, something hed seen members of the royal family do on the telly.  His parents had explained to him more than once that there were no royal connections in the family, but he didnt believe them.  They could protest all they liked, but Duke knew he had blue blood running somewhere in his veins and that was good enough.
Tell you what, he said.  How about you tell us what it isnt, before we all lose the plot.
Doc waved a hand.
Wellits not human.
Youre sure?
Positive.  
Several blank faces continued to look at her. 
Which means what? 
It means it comes from a big bird, said Spike.  Like an ostrich.
Doc shook her head firmly.  No, she said, its not a bird, or a fish or any amphibian that I can find.  It could be a reptile -
Spike almost choked on a mouthful of crisps.
A reptile? he gasped.  With a leg that size? 
Duke stared at her. A reptile?
Doc nodded.  Theres something else as well, she said.  Its new.  Not more than three or four days, Id say.
Spike shook his head. 
OK, that cant be right.  I mean, if it was that new, itd have all flesh nthat on itand itd stink.
Duke looked thoughtful. 
Youre right, Spike, he said, slowly, unless
Exactly, Doc said.  Thats what I was thinking.  Someones cleaned it.
Terri picked up the bone and traced its contours with her finger.  Why would anyone clean it? And what kind of reptile is going to have a leg bone like that? 
Beats me, said Meatball.  He gave Spike a significant look.  So, what else did you find at Gullivans place yesterday, then?
We know you went up there, said Duke, you and Terri.
There was a short silence while Spike finished chewing and swallowed.
Not much, he muttered, at last.  Few bits -
Terri leaned forward, aghast. 
A few bits?  A few bits, he says, when we nearly got our heads blown off.
You didnt
It was a close thing, Spike said.  Gullivan was blasting off with his shotgun again, shooting rooks.
We didnt hang around to find out what else he was shooting.
We heard the gun going off, Meatball said, but we didnt know you were that close.  We couldnt see beyond that hedge.
You shouldnt have gone on your own...
Bristling with impatience, Doc interrupted.  So what did you get, then? Come on, show us.  
Well 
Terri leaned forward secretively, stealing a sideways glance at Spike.  Theres this trunk and its full of stuff -
What sort of stuff? 
Well, we reckon its stolen, because its all silver, Terri went on.  Candlesticks and goblets and watches
And a gun, Spike threw in.
A gun? gasped Duke.  Whats he need that for?
Burglaries, Terri said.  Thats what we reckon.  
Doc looked at them both hopefully.  I dont suppose you found any more bones? 
No  
Terri leaned across to grab at the rucksack.  But wait till you see what we did find.
Yeah.  Scrunching up the crisp packet, Spike leaped to his feet.  Lets show them that ball thing. 
Slowly, Terry unzipped the top, produced the shining sphere, and handed it to Spike.  
Wow! said Doc.  Would you look at that?  What is it?
Dunno, Spike said.  But I nearly missed it.  It was right at the bottom of the trunk.
Duke stared at the shimmering surface of the ball as the light bounced off it like a ballroom globe.  Funny sort of ball.  Any idea what it is?
Nope.  Spike turned it over in his hands.  Could be something like an electronic football, I suppose, but its a bit heavy -
He passed it to Meatball, who weighed it up in his huge palms.
Youre right there, he said.  Break your toe, this would.  Dyou know what it reminds me of?  He stared closely at the surface, which seemed to be silvered, but on closer inspection was almost liquid.  One of those crystal ball jobs that my cousin Rosa used to use.
A crystal ball -  
Duke took it from Meatballs hands and held it high in the air, straining to see beneath.  Theres no marks on it, he said. If it was silver, there should be a hallmark.  Still, there might not be.  I suppose it could be a bed knob.  You know, like in that film.
He passed it across to Terri, who shook her head. 
Too big for a bed knob, she said. Anyway, what would Gullivan want with a bed knob.  I suppose it isnt some kind of bowling ball?
Shouldnt think so.  Spike took it back and began turning it over in his hands.  There arent any holes in it for your fingers.
Everyone watched as Doc slipped on her glasses again.
Would you mind leaving it with me, Spike?  Id like a closer look at it.
If you want, he answered, with a shrug.  Its not much use as it is.
Standing up, he took some plasticine from the drawer, slapped it onto the ball, and then stood it on the bookcase.
There you are, he said. Thatll stop it rolling off.  Here, Terri, show them the other thing, that thing with the big jewel in it.  It looks a bit like one of those lamps doctors wear to look down your throat.  Could be worth something.
The golden band was passed around for inspection.
Look at that stone, Duke whispered.  It must be worth a fortune.
Depends.  Meatball held it up to the light.  Its not likely to be a pearl or anything, not this size.  He rubbed it against his teeth.  I saw someone do this on telly once, but I cant remember why.  It cant be anything that valuable anyway or Gullivan wouldnt have left it in the trunk.
Its probably some sort of tiara, Terri suggested.  Taking it in her hand, she ran a finger softly across the crystal.  Its beautiful, she whispered.  Look at the way it catches the light -
Slowly, she lifted it into the air and slid it onto her head.
OK you lot, kneel, she commanded.  She picked up a pencil, One wishes to make you all knights of the square table.  Unless one slips and then one will be chopping off your heads.
Perhaps you shouldnt muck about with it, said Duke. You might damage it.
Meatball stood, staring over their shoulders.  With a shaking hand, he pointed toward the bookcase.
Never mind the band, he said.  Whats happening to that?



FIVE

Raining bats


Holy Moly!  Look at it!  Its moving!
Over on the bookcase where Spike had left it, something odd was happening to the ball.  Around the top, where the outer surface began, the casing had broken away and was now oozing down the outside in a thick wave.  Down and down, it slithered and slid, folding over and over itself until it came to rest at the base in a large gleaming ring. 
For a moment, the ring simply sat there, wrapped around the base of the ball like a fat silver doughnut, shimmering gently in the light.  Trapped in an eerie silence of excitement, no one moved.  With baited breath, Duke padded quietly towards it and leaned over, craning his neck to see round the other side.  The ring of silver was unbroken, but had now stopped moving and seemed almost to have set into a solid lump.  
Weird, Doc breathed.
In shuffling footsteps, they edged a little nearer, wary, but overcome by curiosity. 
Poke it! hissed Terri.
You poke it!  
Duke held up a hand.  Ill poke it.
He stepped forward and put a finger against the silver ring.  Its rock hard, he said, amazed.  Like solid metal.  He gave it a tap with his nail.  
Whip!  Startled, he yanked his hand away as the ring vanished beneath.  
The inner layer of the ball, opaque and translucent, sparkled like the tendrils of frost on a window.  
As they watched, the ball started to move, joggling, wriggling and tugging at the plasticine that held it fast to the cabinet, stretching it and wrenching it into weird and wonderful shapes.  With one last jolt, the ball tore itself free, leaving the plasticine to recoil into a shivering blob, while the inner ball rose gracefully into the air to settle about a foot above their heads.  And there it remained, perfectly still.  
They stared, transfixed, scarcely daring to breathe as the ball hovered in the air above them, then hurtled across the room to draw level with the golden band, where it halted and hung in the air like a glistening full moon. 
Did you see that?  
Docs voice weakened into a hoarse croak.  Its moving on its own -
Duke waved a hand to silence them.  Hang onsomething else is happening
In the centre of the band on Terris head, the gemstone had come alive and was now glowing a deep rich shade of violet.  Steadily, it began to pulse, growing stronger and stronger until an intense beam of light burst from the centre of the stone and hit the ball full on, splaying across its surface, encasing it in a rich coat of violet.  Bathed in the light of the beam, the ball itself began to open.  
It opened, not in two halves, not with a lid or hinge, but in segments like a chocolate orange.  Only it wasnt chocolate, or an orange; it was eight gleaming segments of pulsing crystal.
Smoothly and gracefully, they opened, like the petals of an exotic flower, each segment clicking into place at the base, a line of luminescent violet shimmering along the edges, like a cuttlefish.
Its gorgeous, Doc breathed.  Look at it, its -
Shut up!  Terris voice was shaky.  Im under this thing, remember? 
Bathed in the streaming violet light, the crystal segments glistened like an expensive chandelier.
Breathlessly, they waited.
Then, as though someone had flicked a switch, the violet light went out.  The ball remained in the air for a moment and then to their relief, it floated gently down into Terris lap. 
No one moved.
After a moment, Spike leaned across, picked up the ball, and stared hard into its centre.  What dyou reckon on that, then?   
Better stick it back on the bookcase, Spike, before you drop it, said Duke. Theres no knowing what itll do next.  If we break it
Meatball snorted.  Break it?  We dont even know how it works.  I mean, how was it moving that fast on its own?  I couldnt hear anything, could you?
Doc shook her head.  And what about that band?  
II dont know what happened, Terri burbled, sliding the band with the utmost care from her head and pushing it quickly onto the chair beside her.  Suddenly, all I could see was this violet light.  It must have been this thing.
Doc walked across to where Spike had replaced the ball gently on the bookcase and peered into the centre.  Amazing! she sighed.  Dyou think theres any more?  
Almost as she spoke, one individual segment detached itself from the rest and opened without sound, into a flattened egg shape.
Whats it doing now? 
The sound of a cat flap crashing open drowned the question.  A hissing, spitting streak of fur had launched itself from the window ledge and was now bolting out through the hole as fast as its large belly would allow.  
Through the window, Meatball watched Docs cat squelch his bulk into a gap far too small beneath the shed. 
Whatever it is, the cat doesnt seem too keen on it. 
Somethings spooked him, Spike said.
They looked back at the ball.  The egg-shaped segment had folded up and returned to its original position.
Outside, in the echoing stillness of winter, a dog began to howl. 
Thats strange, Doc remarked.  Old George normally barks, he doesnt howl like that.
She glanced out of the window, just as something small and dark skimmed past the window in front of her eyes.
Whats that?
Rushing to the door, she yanked it open and stepped outside.  On the crisp snowy ground lay a tiny dark body.  Bending low, she scooped it up.  
Guys, look at this!  Its a bat!
The others rushed outside and crowded around to peer at the lifeless creature nestling in the palm of her hand.
Thats a pipistrelle, said Meatball.  Weve got some in our loft at home.  They hibernate in the winter.
And theyre never out in the daytime anyway, Doc said.  Whats happened to this one?
Duke gently stroked the downy body, still warm to the touch.  
Spike glanced upward.  The sky was darkening with scores of bats, pouring out of their roost.
Whatever it is, theyve all got it, he said.  Another one just bounced off the roof.  Look!
He pointed at the ground behind them, where another bat had crashed into the snow.
Theres another one! Duke shouted.  And another!  Theyre falling out of the sky!
In a matter of minutes, tiny bodies peppered the snowy ground.  Bats were tumbling from the sky, ricocheting off their heads and shoulders.
Its raining bats!  
They burst back through the door in time to see a second segment of the ball move, click, and open.  
Further away, a second dog began to howl, loud and persistent.
Listen to that
Sounds like the Hound of the Baskervilles, Spike moaned.
Dukes forehead creased with thought.  I dont get this, he said.  Whats got into all the animals today?  Ive never known them to behave like this before.
Terri peered through the window. 
Even Eds joining in.
Cant be Ed, Spike said, walking across, Grans taken him with her to see Phyllis.
Well, hes back now, she said.  Look.  Hes at the door with Rexand Tyson.  And that looks like Miss Peabodys poodle coming up the path.
She was right.  They were all outside.  Slowly and surely, the garden was filling with dogs.
Your mum and dadll be pleased, Doc.  The dogsll be dumping everywhere.
Terris mind was in turmoil.  What is going on?
It has to be this, Doc murmured.  She wasnt with them at the window; she was still watching the ball, which was now on segment five.  It has to be giving out some kind of signal.
I cant hear anything.
Neither can I, Spike, but the dogs seem to be able to.  I think it must be out of our range.
Like a dog whistle, you mean.
Exactly.  Only what the signal is and what it means is anybodys guess.
Deep in thought, Terri walked over to the ball, bending her head to look at it from every angle.  
What about if we try recording the sound and analysing it on the computer? 
Duke watched as the ball reached the final segment.  It had obviously completed its task, for it was starting to close.  Once again, the outer layer crept up the sides.  
Thats not a bad idea.  But we cant now, its finished.
But we know what triggers it, Doc said.  
Do we? 
Of course.  Its got to be that violet light.  She reached out to touch the ball.  Its not even warm.  We could, you know.  Run the sound through a computer, I mean.  Mums new one could probably handle it.
I can rig up something thatll decode it, no problem, Meatball offered.  Bring the frequency down a bit and see what weve got.
Spike was still standing by the window, gazing out at a garden strewn with dead bats.  Bet its music, he murmured.
Well something made those dogs howl, Duke reminded them.  And look at Einstein, he was definitely spooked.  And besides
He glanced across at Meatball.  Meatball nodded.
Theres something else, Duke said.  We reckon youre right, Spike.  Gullivan is up to something.
Didnt I say?  Spikes face switched on its superior look.  But no one believes me, do they
Well, we believe you now, said Meatball.  From what we saw, somethings happening big time.
Where did you see him? Doc asked.  What was he doing?
Across the field.  Its like Spike said.  Hes getting these things from somewhere.  We saw him bring something back, didnt we?
Duke nodded. 
He had this big bag.
And then he went back again, Meatball continued.  And shortly after he disappeared around the corner, we saw this kind of glow in the sky.  Just for a second.  Dunno what it was.
Could it have been the railway?  Doc asked.  Sometimes you get a brilliant blue light from that.
Meatball shook his head.  No, I know what that looks like.  This had more of a purplish tinge to it.  And we couldnt hear any trains.
Duke turned to look at them.
Whatever it was, he said.  It looks like Gullivans got something to do with it.

*

Sitting at home later that evening, Duke dipped another chip into his ketchup and sat thinking about the glow in the sky.  It looked exactly like the sort of glow you get from a lightning flashonly different somehow.
Of course, there hadnt been any thunder, but there could be an explanation for that.  There had to be an explanation for everything, even the way Einstein, the dogs, and the bats had reacted. 
Something odd was happening, something that didnt feel right.  And Duke had an uneasy feeling it was something a lot more serious, and important, than theyd first thought.
A sudden sharp noise made him jump, dragging him out of his thoughts and he looked up to see the silhouette of someone through the crinkled glass of the door.  Putting down his chip, Duke stared through the panel.  Bernies blurred image returned his stare, and Dukes heart slowed again.  Only Bernie.
Evening, Bernie, he said, as the door swung open,  is it the milk bill?
Eight pounds twenty one, Bernie replied.  Your Mums ad five extra this week.
Its OK, shes left the money.  Here. 
He handed him a ten-pound note and then watched him tap it in and print off a receipt.  Pressing the change back into Dukes palm, Bernie said,  You know old Price at The Laurels, dont you? 
Duke nodded.  
I dont spose youve seen him about at all?  Bernie asked.
No, Duke replied honestly.  Then, slowly, he added,  Is therea problem then?
Bernie slipped his things back into his bag.
Well, I dunno, he said, I hope not, hes a nice old guy.  Its just his milk.  Ive noticed its been piling up on the doorstep.  And I thought to meself, well, thats strange; he always cancels it if hes going away on one of them trips of his.  Anyway, I thought Id better check it out, so I asked Fred Billings to look in on him.  He forced the back door, but there was no one in.  And it dont seem as though anyones seen him.
Hes probably gone away again, Duke suggested.  
He tried to sound casual, but a distinct feeling of unease was creeping over him.
Bernie frowned.
Yeah, but he always cancels the milk, he replied.  Still, praps the old guys getting absent-minded.  These bottles to go?
He waited a moment, then in the absence of an answer, picked up the bottles and strode off.  Shutting the door behind him, Duke felt the unease that had gripped him become a cold chill that crept up his spine.  Joseph Price was many things, but he wasnt absent-minded.  He had a mind like a steel trap.
An appalling thought popped into his mind.  Could Spike be right about Joseph Price as well?
Walking across to the table, Duke picked up his phone and tapped in a message.
Urgent.  Bernie thinks Price is missing.  Meet at Meatballs.  10.30.  Duke. 



SIX

A Dead Weight


In the dimly lit kitchen, Gullivan stood, frowning, turning a small red and blue torch repeatedly in his hand.  Suddenly, he stopped.  His eyes squinted at the letters scratched on the casing.  Billy.
Who was Billynot that spiky-haired brat that kept hanging around, the one that needed a good slapping?  
The girl who hung around with him, maybe?  No, her name wasnt Billy either.  Something like it, but not Billy.  Gullivan chewed on the inside of his cheek.
Whoever it was had made a big mistake, a very big mistake.  Cursing, he walked across to the drawer and yanking it open, selected a long, thin knife, spat on the blade and rubbed at a dark stain with his finger.
It was one of them kids all right, hed stake his life on it.  Interfering, nosy little
He stabbed the air with the knife.  If he ever caught them on his land...
Gripping the tip of the blade between two fingers, he hurled it through the air, where it landed with a dull thud in the rotting wood of the door.  A large splinter detached itself and fell onto the head of the body propped below.
Marching across, Gullivan stared at it.
Whats the matter Joey, boy?  Cat got your tongue?
Seated on the hard floor, Joseph Price watched Cornelius Gullivan with deep loathing.  Behind a suffocating wrap of silver tape, he struggled in vain to reply.
Oh no, course, I forgot!  You dont have quite so much to say these days, do you?  I warned you, didnt I, about coming onto my land.  When I say a right of way is closed, its closed, got it?
Joseph watched as Gullivan leaned across and wrenched the knife from the door.  He pressed it to Josephs throat.  Gullivans face was close enough to choke him with his breath.
Thanks to your friends 
Gullivan almost spat out the words.  Thanks to your friends, he repeated,  my business will have to wait.  Not to worry, Ive got the perfect place to stash you in the meantime
Some time later, Gullivan collapsed with a groan onto his bed.  That old guy had been damned heavy to lug about, a dead weight.  He laughed to himself.  Oh well, he thought, good practice. 
Leaning wearily forward, Gullivan kicked off his filthy boots, which clattered to the floor, showering the wooden boards with soil.  Then for the first time in hours, he let himself relax.  Relief flooded his body and within seconds, he was asleep.


SEVEN

A Visit from Gullivan


In the cosy attic room of Grans cottage, that had been his and Billys bedroom for as long as he could remember, Spike stared at Dukes message and nodded.
I knew it, Ed! he said aloud.  Somethings happened to Mr Price.  This proves it.
A large hairy head butted his arm, knocking the phone from his hand and sending it flying across the floor.  
Oh cheers, Ed, thanks.  
Spike stooped to pick it up and Ed shoved him again.
Oh, for Petes sake, Ed, you cant need to pee again, what are you, an elephant?  Oh, all right -
Back in his room, Spike fished under the bed for his phone and quickly sent a reply, and then on a scrap of paper, he jotted a note for Gran.  She wasnt really his gran of course, simply an old friend of Dads, but he and Billy had always called her that and they loved her every bit as much.
He glanced across at the picture frame on the bedside cabinet.  Gran, Phyllis and Mr Price smiled back at him.  It was the photograph hed taken on his new camera at the village fair.  Gran with her purple hair, sticking out like a bush, Phyllis towering above her, dressed as usual in her uniform.  Behind them, holding tightly onto his hat, stood Mr Price, impeccably dressed in blazer and old school tie.  The three of them were laughing and giggling like children
At the foot of the stairs, Ed began to bark.  Was that a knock?  Slipping the phone into his pocket, he put down the picture frame, rose to his feet and walked out of his bedroom onto the landing which was scarcely a landing at all, only a tiny square of wooden flooring.  The knock sounded again, louder this time and more impatient.
Yes all right, he called.  Im coming.
With a quick leap, he fastened his legs around the banister, slid down onto the main landing below, and then swung onto the spiral staircase, chopped from the centre of the ancient yew that formed the backbone of Grans house.
Twenty treads later, he jumped off into the brightly lit hallway, to see Ed crouched low, growling at the letterbox.
Youre too late, Ed, Franks already been.  Ed!
With a sigh, he walked up to the door and reached out for the handle.  Then he stopped.  That shadow wasnt the postman.  Spike wasnt sure who it was, but for some reason he felt uneasy.
Steady, boy -  
Grabbing hold of Eds collar, Spike grasped the handle firmly and clicked it open.
A man in a shabby jacket stood on the doorstep, a long case slung over one shoulder.  Spike looked up into the sharp, bony features of Cornelius Gullivan.  
What dyou want? 
Gullivans dark eyes narrowed.  The slight smile on his face showed his yellow teeth.
You must be Spike, he growled.
His voice was low and rasping.  Even from a few feet away, Spike could smell the stench of his foul breath.
Gullivanwhat was he doing here, on his doorstep  
Spikes brain worked at record speed.  Hes found the torch, he thought desperately, that has to be it; hes found the torch.  His grip on Eds collar tightened.
And? he demanded, with a courage he didnt feel.  
Ed started to snarl, his lips slipping back beyond his teeth, but Gullivan didnt seem to notice or care.
Mrs Makepeace in?   
Grans out.
Right.  Gullivans dark menacing eyes roved over Spikes shoulder and down the hallway.
Well you tell her Mr Gullivan called.  Id be interested in buying this place - 
Gran doesnt want to sell, Spike said, pulling the door a little closer.
You just mention I called -
Ill mention it.  
Gullivan attempted one more look over Spikes shoulder and then turned to go.  
You do that, he said.  He took two steps into the snow, then stopped and spun around.  Oh by the way, he added.  Nice dog.
He glared down at Ed, with a look that raised goose bumps on Spikes arms.
A slow, menacing growl rumbled in Eds throat.
A very nice dog, Gullivan continued. You should look after him; some people leave all sorts of rubbish lying about.  Anything could happen.
He lingered, staring down at Ed for a second or two longer and walked away.
Gripping the doorframe with clenching fingers, Spike watched Gullivan crunch his way down the path and out through the gate, where he stopped again.  With a glance back at them both, he pulled the long case into an upright position in a slow deliberate manner and leaned it against his shoulder. 
By Spikes side, Eds growl erupted into a warning bark.  Swiftly, Spike yanked him in and then slammed the door behind them, bolting it top and bottom.  That case had hit Gullivans shoulder with a thud.  Spike had a pretty good idea what was inside and he wasnt ready to be his next victim.  Surely, even Gullivan wouldnt risk that.  Not in broad daylight. 
Methodically, he and Ed went around the house, checking the locks were secure.  He wouldnt put it past Gullivan to sneak back the minute they were gone and have a nose around.
Satisfied that everything was done that could be, he stood the note on the mantelpiece, picked up a thick blue scarf and wrapped it around his neck.  A last glance around and he stepped outside and locked the door behind him, rattling the doorknob twice for good measure.  With Ed trotting by his side, he turned and left for the meeting.
Snow was starting to fall again as he made his way across the open field.  Stomping along, Spike had plenty to think about.  Gullivan hadnt come all the way to Grans cottage to offer to buy it; hed come to threaten them.  All of them.  Him and the others and Ed.  And that could mean only one thing.  They were on the right track. 
He headed down by the hedgerow, Ed lumbering through the snow beside him.  The wind had got up again and it tugged and pulled at him, throwing spiralling snowflakes into their eyes and mouths.
Reaching the stile, he stepped over and jumped down with a crunch into Thicketts Lane, then meandered along trying without success to smash one or two of the frozen puddles, until he came to the junction with the road.
He paused.  Something bright caught his attention.  Reflected in the roof of the church opposite, he saw an arc of violet light.
It flickered for a second, blazing against the white of the snow and then it was gone.  Spike stood, wondering.  A trick of the light?  The glare of the snow?  Hed seen it all right, he was sure of that, but what was it?  
The chill wind nipped his fingers and he sank his hands deeper into his pockets as he turned off past the church and up the road.  Whatever it was, itd have to wait.  Meatballs house lay straight ahead.  The sight cheered him.  Meatball was bound to have some toast on the go, he always did.
All right Meatball?  
Meatball swung the door wide open. 
Youre early, he said, standing aside as Ed charged in.
A rush of warm air engulfed Spike as he stepped inside, melting the snow on his coat into glistening droplets.  Ed shook himself from head to tail, showering them both.
Thought I was going to be late, Spike answered.  I had a visitor.
He followed Meatball down into the basement, which was bursting with equipment, humming with the sound of computer fans and the faint smell of hot circuitry.  Wandering over to the fire, Ed settled himself down and soon his fur was steaming.  
Theyre late, arent they? Spike asked, parking himself on the corner of the desk.  Must be gone half ten by now.  
Meatball picked up a slice of bread and slid it onto a toasting fork.  Its ten past.  Must be something wrong with your watch.
Mystified, Spike looked down at his watch and then at the clock above the mantelpiece.  The clock said ten minutes past ten.  His watch said the same.  Ten minutes past?  That couldnt be right, surely.
Hold this a minute will you?  Meatball held out the toasting fork.  I need to finish connecting this lot. 
Hmm?  
Still deep in thought, Spike grasped the fork and pushed it near the flames.
Watch it!  Not that close!
Spike jumped.  Eh?  Oh! 
A flame licked the underside of his toast as he pulled it clear. 
Sorry, he said, frantically blowing on it, I was thinking about something.  Here Meatball, have you heard anything else about Mr Price?
Meatball shook his head. 
No, only what Duke put in that message, he said.  I expect hell tell us the rest when he gets here.
Spike nodded thoughtfully.  Yeahyeah, youre probably right.
From under the table, Meatballs head reappeared.
Did you say you had a visitor?
Spike pulled in the fork, turned the toast, and pushed it back near the fire.
Yes, there was this knock at the door - 
Who was it?  Frank?
No, Frank had already been with the post.  He brought me this weird letter from Phyllis -
In the middle of a mass of wires, Meatball pulled a face.  
So who was at the door then?  
Spike scraped butter onto the not-so-burnt side of his toast. 
Youre never going to believe this, he said.  It was Gullivan.
A screwdriver hit the floor with a clatter.  Meatball sat up.  
What the hell did he want?
You tell me, Spike said, between mouthfuls of toast.  He gave me some rubbish about buying Grans house.
Like shed ever sell Yew Cottage.  What did he really want?
He didnt say.  Spike pulled a second slice of toast from the fire.  But he threatened Ed.
Meatball chuckled. 
Hes lucky Ed never had his hand off.
He would have done if Id let him go, but Gullivan had this long case with him and I didnt want to chance it.
Case? What sort of case?
At that moment, Duke, Doc, and Terri arrived, almost falling through the door to get into the warm.
Terri wrenched the gloves from her hands and threw them onto the chair.  Oh greattoast.
Too late.  Ive eaten it all. 
Youd better not -
Grinning, Spike produced a plate of buttered toast, dipped his finger into the butter, and offered it to Gus, Meatballs giant cat, who had been quietly dozing on a chair.
Doc walked over to the computer.  How you getting on, Meatball? 
Meatball looked up from the monitor. 
Reckon this ought to do it, he said.  Got the ball?
Doc pulled the ball from a carrier bag and set it down on the table, then reached in for the headband. 
Ive been thinking about what happened, she said excitedly, and I reckon I know what activated it.  It was Terri.  Got to be.  She said all she could see was violet. 
Terri picked up the headband and stared hard at it.  Part of her was pleased and part of her wasnt. 
I suppose its possible, she murmured.  
Right, said Meatball.  Ready?
Hang on a minute, Spike said.  If we play it again, what about Ed?  Remember before? With the bats?
Not a problem, Meatball said.  Were totally soundproofed down here in the basement.  But thinking about it, you might be right about Ed.  Best put him and Gus upstairs in the kitchen with Mum.
Terri hesitated as she lifted the band and held it once more above her head.  
You dont thinkit wont fry my brains will it?  I mean, what do I do?
Doc grasped her by the shoulders. 
Just close your eyes and think violet.
Yeah, well, its all right for you lot, isnt it?  You dont have to stick this thing on your head.
Go on, Terri, you can do it.  We have to know what that balls all about.  It might tell us something really vital.
OKbut Im keeping my eyes open.
She slipped it onto her head. 
Here goes then, she said.  Think violet.  Right -
They waited.  Nothing happened. 
See a violet light!  Picture it!  
Terri closed her eyes and screwed up her face in concentration.
On the band in the centre of her forehead, the stone began to glow, and then the same shaft of violet light fell upon the ball which rose and opened as before.
Spikes mouth dropped open.  
Blimey!
Is it working?  
Open your eyes and have a look, Doc whispered.
Slowly, Terri half-opened her eyes.  Am I doing that?
Yep.
Duke picked up the mike.  You getting this, Meatball?
Meatball was staring at the screen.  Im getting something.
One by one, Duke counted off the segments that shimmered in the firelight as they opened and closed.  And that, he said, as the final segment folded and the ball settled itself once more in Terris lap,  is the lot.  Time to see what weve got.
Relieved, Terri whisked the band from her head and laid it down, then joined the others, huddled in a group around the keyboard, staring at the monitor.
Perhaps its a voice from beyond the grave, Spike said.  A mate of mine played this CD once and
Or a message from aliens, Terri suggested.
Meatball glared around at them.
If you dont shut it, well never know, he said.  Right, are we ready?  Here goes.
Meatball tapped the keyboard and a flickering line appeared across the monitor screen.  Thats sound all right, he said, but its way too high for us to hear.  Ill bring the frequency down.
They all leaned forward, straining their ears.
Cant you turn it up?
It is up.
All I can hear is crackling, Doc said.
I love crackling, Spike muttered.
Me too, sighed Meatball.  Here, whats that whining noise?
Sounds like bagpipes -
A sudden burst of deep burbling hit their ears.
Doc frowned.  Whats that?  Surely thats not a language?  Sounds more like something running.  Perhaps thats why Ed didnt like it.  
Meatball shook his head, perplexed. 
Yknow, if it is a language, it could be in code.  Praps I can do a program thatll decode it or translate it.  Maybe -
Duke cut in.  If it is a language, wheres it from?  More to the point, wheres Gullivan got this ball from?
Same place hes getting everything else I suppose, Spike said.  
Yes, but wheres that? 
Some big posh house -
Meatball shook his head.  It cant be from someones house, can it?  Look at it.  Its high tech.
Spike gripped the side of the desk.  Here, he said, furtively,  You dont reckon hes some sort of spyGullivan, I mean.  I bet he is.  I bet hes a secret agent -
Terri picked up the remains of her toast and nibbled at it.  Here we go.
Spike nodded at her.  I was right before, wasnt I?
Yes, you were, Duke agreed.  Something in the tone of his voice made them listen.  You were right.  But I hope youre not right about Mr Price. 
He related the story Bernie had told him, about the milk and the papers and Fred Billings checking the house, but finding no trace of Joseph Price.
Spikes face fell.  I knew it was going to be bad news, I said all along there was something up. 
It might not mean anything, Spike, Doc reassured him.  
Theres probably a simple explanation, said Meatball.  Hell turn up in a day or two.  You know what hes like.
Spike looked unconvinced.  Somethings happened, I know it has.
Nobody answered.  They stood, thinking about what might have happened but not wanting to say.  Terri got up and slipped another slice of bread onto the toasting fork. 
Theres no point in thinking about it till we know for sure, she said, briskly.  Hes probably all right - 
What do we do now though?  Doc asked.
I was thinking about that on the way over this morning, Duke said.  I dont think we have any option
Hey, I didnt tell you, did I?  Spike interrupted.  As I was going down Thicketts Lane, I saw this weird light on the church roof.
Doc leaned in closer.  What sort of light?
It was like  
Spike frowned, trying to remember.  Like the lights the police have.
Whatblue you mean?
No, it was more purple than that, but it flashed brilliant like theirs do.  Only for a minute, then it disappeared.
Duke looked across at Meatball.
Wonder if it was the same light we saw?
Spike shrugged.  
Well keep a look out for it on the way, Duke said.  
On the way?
Well, weve got to follow him, havent we?  Weve got to see where hes going, where hes getting all this stuff.  I think we should keep watch and follow him.  See what hes up to.
Terri turned a slice of bread.  To see if hes burgling places you mean.
Yeah.  Duke glanced at his watch.  Right, its half eleven nowhalf hour to drop Ed back home -
Drop Ed home? Why? 
Duke looked at Spike.  I reckon we ought toif he barks at Gullivan
Spike looked reluctant.  Yeahspose -
Anywayits half eleven now -
Might be, Spike muttered.  Might be ten to twelve.
Now what are you on about?
Doesnt matter.  With a knowing smile, Spike leaned forward to scoop up the final crumbs. 
Anyway, youll never get into Gullivans field unless you go through Solomon, he said, offering the buttery crumbs to Ed.  Not since hes put the hedge in.
Whos Solomon?
Spike exchanged glances with Terri.  
Ill show you when we get there, he said.  But Ill tell you something now.  I reckon Gullivans on to us.  Like I was telling Meatball, he paid me a visit early on and he threatened Ed.
Terri grasped Spikes sleeve.  You dont reckon hes found the torch - 
Dont know, Spike said, but I wouldnt be surprised.  And if he has, he knows weve looked in that trunk.  And he knows whats missing.
Meatballs face was solemn.
And if he knows all that, he said, gravely, Wed better watch our backs.



EIGHT

The Archway of Brilliant Light


Beyond Gullivans field down by the river, an arc of brilliant violet light was flickering in the sky.
Crouched down in the cover of frosted bushes, Spike, Duke, Doc and Terri watched the display and tried to make some sense of it.  Slightly ahead, Meatball was perched on the top of a snowy bank.  He too watched the flickering light in between scanning the countryside about him.  He couldnt explain why, but he felt uneasy.  Shivering, he tucked his scarf into his coat.
Things hadnt gone well.  Following Gullivan hadnt been as straightforward as theyd thought.  From the safety of Solomon, theyd taken it in turns to keep watch, using binoculars to peer at the doors and windows in the vain hope of catching sight of him.  The cold gnawed at their fingers and toes until they ached and they were on the point of giving up, when, almost an hour later, he had finally returned, sliding into the snowy driveway in his car.  Leaping out, Gullivan had grabbed a couple of bags from the boot and rushed indoors to emerge twenty minutes later from the back of the house, wearing an old coat and trousers, carrying a large bag and a shotgun.  Then he had set off across the field in the direction of the river that skirted the edge of his land.
At a safe distance theyd followed, keeping low, close to the hedging, conscious of the slightest noise.  Some way ahead of them, Gullivan stomped on until, nearing a large clump of snow-capped bushes, he had stopped and glanced around.
In a desperate attempt to keep out of sight, theyd ducked quickly behind a hedge and when a minute or two later Duke had felt it safe to lean out and check, Gullivan had disappeared.
Theyd made their way very slowly after that, down the snow-encrusted lane that led to the river, aware that it might be one of Gullivans tricks.  If hed seen them and was now in hiding, waiting for them to draw near
But they saw no sign of him.  On down the lane, past the old holly dotted with bright red berries and the bare chestnut trees and still Gullivan was nowhere to be seen.   
And now here they were by the river, staring at a bridge shrouded in snow.  At that moment, an arc of brilliant violet light pierced the cold grey of the sky.
Is that it, Spike?  Duke asked.  Is that what you saw yesterday?
Spike nodded. 
Yeah, thats it.  Only I saw it reflected in the church roof.
Thats the light we saw, said Duke.  Im sure of it.  What dyou reckon, Meatball?
Meatball didnt answer.  
They looked at him.  He was completely still, staring vaguely at the bridge. 
Meatball?  Whats up?
I dont know.  Meatballs reply was hesitant and cautious.  I just -
Then, quietly, he added, Get down out of sight.
They crouched back down in a huddle.
What?  Duke squinted between the criss-cross branches of the bracken.  What is it?
Meatball was shaking his head, confused.  Im not sure, he said.  I might be wrong
But he wasnt.  In that instant, into the space in front of them, stepped the tall, wiry figure of Cornelius Gullivan. 
Barely a second or two after Meatballs warning, he appeared on the bridge as though hed just burst through the skin of a bubble.  
Motionless, breath lodged in their throats, they sat peering at him in disbelief.  
On the bridge, only yards away, Gullivan stood for a moment looking about him as if trying to smell any danger.  His face was grubby, his chin covered with thick stubble.  Slung across one shoulder was the shotgun and hanging from his hand, the large bag, now distorted with some unseen weight.  He waited a moment longer and then, after one last look, started off along the bridge heading straight in their direction. 
The dull thump of Gullivans footsteps grew louder as he left the bridge and louder still as he approached, the thick soles of his boots crunching on the frozen snow.  Nestling down tight into the shrubbery, they watched him through half-closed eyes as he stomped past only feet away and then strode off into the distance.
When they were sure he was safely out of earshot, Spike carefully raised his head.
Its OK, he whispered.  Hes gone.
Where did he come from?  Terri was voicing all their thoughts.  People cant just appearI mean, not out of nowherecan they?
Well, he definitely wasnt on that bridge before, Duke said, or Id have seen him.
Wed all have seen him, Spike said. 
Would we?  Doc pointed across toward the spot where Gullivan had appeared.  Its no good saying this cant happen, so therefore it didnt happen.  The fact is it did happen; Gullivan appeared on the bridge right before our eyes.  There was an empty space and then Gullivan was in it.  QED.  He mustve come from somewhere, materialised or something.
You mean if he wasnt here before, he mustve been somewhere else, said Spike.  Like another place.
Exactly.  Perhaps Gullivans found a portal or something.  A doorway to somewhere else.
Is that possible? gasped Terri.  I mean, I know you see it in the films and things, but is it really possible?
Doc shrugged.  Well I dont know, but it could be, couldnt it?
Spike snapped his fingers.  You know, it could!  And I bet thats where hes getting all the stuff!  Hes not pinching it; hes getting it all from this other place!
Doc nodded slowly. 
Why not? she said.  It makes sense, doesnt it?  No ones missed anything, because no one in this world owns it.
Spike whistled.  And if what hes taking is valuable, hes going to make a fortune.
Meatball looked serious.  And we thought he was nicking it all.
He is 
Its a possibility, Duke said, frowning. And it fits the facts.  Depending on what hes getting, it could make him a lot of money.  But more importantly than that what else is he up to?  If he is in another world, he could do anything and then come back here and no-one would ever know.
Terri gasped as a dreadful thought popped into her head.  He could do anything, she said.  Murder someone even.  She looked around at the others.  Weve got to stop him -
You know what I reckon? Spike tapped the palm of his hand with a finger. I reckon we should follow him back.  
Follow him? Terri looked doubtful. I dont know.  That could be dangerous. Gullivan is dangerous.  Andand what if we get to where he goes and we cant get back?
I dont think weve got any option, Doc murmured.
We have, Terri insisted.  We could stay here. She pointed sharply toward the ground as if she were marking the spot.  See if he comes back with any bloodstains or anything.
Meatball shook his head.  Dont think hes that stupid.
Gullivan always gets back all right, doesnt he? he said.  Well simply follow him.
And what if we lose him?  Through therewhat if we come out somewhere different? 
Well make sure we dont, said Meatball.  Well follow him.  Look, Terri, if you dont want to
Youre not leaving me behind!   
Spike pulled his coat sleeve back over his watch and checked the dial.  Are we going or not?
Looks like it, Duke said.  Whats the time?
Nearly five past one, Spike answered.
Five past -
Doc pulled at the large pocket watch she kept inside her coat. No way is it five past, its got to be later than that.  I checked my watch as we got here.  It was one oclock then.  She pulled the watch closer to peer at it.  It is five pastbut -
I know, said Spike. It doesnt seem right.  Thats because it isnt.  Its not really five past at all, its twenty-five past.  But our watches say five past because of the lights.  Least thats what I reckon.
Whats it got to do with the lights?
Well, I saw the lights this morning, didnt I?  When I was walking over to Meatballs.
And?
And somehow I lost twenty minutes.
Maybe you just made a mistake, said Doc. 
No I never, Spike retorted.  According to my watch, and Meatballs clock, I got to Meatballs before I left home.
And you think its something to do with the lights?
Spike shrugged. 
Dont know what else it can be.
They gazed at one another in silence, except for Doc who threw out her arms, almost leaping into the air. 
You see what this means? she cried.  Its a time anomaly.  Ive read about things like this.  Its a place where times distorted.  It meanswell, it could mean
Still gazing at her, they waited for her to finish.  
It could mean, she continued, her eyes wide, If we follow Gullivan back to wherever it is he goes, we could find ourselves in another time.
Duke looked back at the place on the bridge where Gullivan had appeared.  In a kind of daze, he said,  Another time?  You mean back?  Or forward?
Either, said Doc with a shrug.  Could be hundreds of years.  Could be yesterdayor tomorrow.  Who knows?
A hush fell over them.  Time travel?  It was the sort of thing you read about in books or saw on TV or in the films.  It didnt happen in real lifedid it? 
They found themselves looking at Duke, waiting the way they always did when they needed someone to make a decision.  Duke was thankful for the royal blood he felt sure was running through his veins.
I think weve still got to do it, he said.  Even though it might be dangerous.  And it might be
I suppose, Terri said,  Gullivan mightve been going back and forth for ages.  And hes always made it back all right - 
Her voice faded along with her enthusiasm.
At that moment, the decision was taken out of their hands.
On instinct, Meatball walked a few yards then, from behind a tree, peered slightly outward and down the lane, as though struggling to see something in the distance.  Almost immediately, he returned.
Whatever were doing, he said,  Wed better decide quickly.  Hes coming back.
Coming back?  Already?
He cant be -
In a mad scramble, they half fell, half tumbled to the ground behind the spiky screen of bracken.  Slowly, Spike edged just far enough out to see around the corner.  The chilling figure of Cornelius Gullivan was already visible.  It is him!
Cornelius Gullivans long legs carried him rapidly toward them in huge strides and in minutes, he was rounding the top of the lane, the shotgun swinging malevolently from his shoulder as he strode by.  In the semi-gloom of the bracken, they watched him take a few more steps then stop and look slowly around him.  As his body turned, his coat flapped open to reveal two long knives at his hip. 
The muscles in their bodies tightened as he gazed around, eyes narrowing.  
Tucked between Spike and Meatball, Terri held her breath.  
The moment passed and Gullivan started off again, walking on toward the river, crunching the snow with heavy boots.  At the start of the bridge, he stopped, gave a final look round, and then seemingly satisfied, stepped confidently onto the bridge.  In the middle, he paused, checked his gun, and then taking a step forward, walked through an archway of brilliant lightand vanished.
Oh my God!  Hes gone!
Meatball sprang to his feet, calling over his shoulder,  Come on!
Sprinting the few yards to the bridge, they stood huddled in a group, jostling one another to see.
It mustve been about here 
Spike bent and retrieved a twig from the ground and threw it into the air before them.  It landed on the snow with scarcely a sound.
Its gone, said Doc, flatly.  Whatever it was he used, the door or somethingits gone.
Meatball took a cautious step forward.  
Not necessarily, he said, putting out his arm and probing the air. It might be a bit further on.  Were only guessing its here, praps Gullivan was further along the bridge.  If I keep testing all the way, like this, see?  Aha!
Meatballs arm disappeared up to his elbow.  He pulled it back in alarm.
Weve found it, Doc breathed.
Duke edged nearer to the spot and then swallowing hard, he slowly put out his arm.  The tips of his fingers disappeared, then his knuckles, then his whole hand.  Dumbstruck, he twisted his arm this way and that.  
I can still feel itbut its disappeared
He jerked his hand swiftly back and checked it all over.  Seems OK though.  
Meatball clenched his fist a couple of times.  My arms all right too.
Pushing his way between them, Spike stood, staring at the nothingness.  So what are we waiting for? he asked.  If were going to go, lets go.  Well have to hurry up or well lose him.
How do we know hes not on the other side, waiting?  
A long silence followed Terris question. 
We dont, Duke said at last.  Well just have to chance it.
But -
We cant stand here for ever, Spike said.  Im going to chance it, even if youre not -
SPIKE!
Terris plea screeched into the wintry air, but too late to reach Spikes ears.  In a flash of light, he was gone.

 

NINE

Gruesome Discovery


Duke, Meatball, Terri and Doc stood in the middle of the bridge, staring at the spot where Spike had vanished.  
What are we waiting for? Meatball yelled. Lets get after him!
In a stumbling mass, they surged blindly forward, arms outstretched, legs moving automatically.  Somewhere in the middle, Terri clung onto Meatball as together, they blundered on, praying they would find Spike.  Praying that whatever happened they would all survive.   
In one mind-numbing fraction of a second, they stepped from the bridge they knew into the terrifying world of the unknown.
The feeling on their skin changed at once.  On the other side, in the bitter winter of twenty-first century England, it had been chilled and dry, almost painful where the frost had nipped their ears and noses, but now, wherever they were, it was warm and saturated, as oppressive humidity flooded over them.  Droplets of tropical moisture formed on their faces, soaking their lips and tongues.
The thick layers of winter clothing, so effective in keeping out the cold, now constricted them, sending their body temperature soaring.  Gloves that had felt warm and cosy now seemed cumbersome and irritating.  The ground no longer crunched as they stepped into the crisp snow; the surface on which they now stood was hard, wet, and slippery.
Turning this way and that, they struggled to control their reeling senses.
Where the hell are we?  Meatballs voice was tight with fear.
Spike!  A sob caught in Terris throat.  Spike!  Where are you?
She lunged forward, clawing her way past Meatball and Doc, slipping and sliding on the damp surface, straining her eyes in the dim light, clamouring with her hands for any touch of Spike.  
Doc stood; mute, fixed to the spot, her head spinning.
In a desperate attempt to stay calm, Duke held his head in both hands, as if stilling it might calm his thumping heart.
Then, from out of the suffocating stillness, a voice cut through the air.
Here! Im here!
Spikes tousled head appeared around the corner as if by magic.  Terri nearly collapsed with relief.  She rushed at him, grabbed him by the arms, and shook him violently.  
You IDIOT!  You stupid IDIOT!
The others crowded around, squeezing him, hugging him, reassured to find him safe and delighted at the sight of someone familiar.  
Of all the stupid 
You moron!  Duke spat the words angrily.  He couldve blown your flipping head off.
But he didnt though, did he, Spike retorted.  Hes not even here.  Well, I dont think so anyway.  I havent seen him yet.
Doc released an enormous sigh.  It doesnt matter now, she said, weakly.  She looked around her in the bleak half-light at solid walls of rock.  Where are we?  And what is that appalling smell -
Dunno, said Spike.  And I dont think I want to. 
It seems to be some sort of cave, Terri said. 
No
Whipping around, Terri glowered at him. 
At least I wasnt stupid enough to charge into the unknown without the rest of us, she snapped.  You couldve disappeared for good.
Instead of which, Meatball murmured, weve all disappeared for good.
Spike stared dumbly at the floor of the cave.  
II didnt think - 
Duke wiped beads of sweat from his forehead with his hand, smearing it into his hair.  Were here now.  And we did say we were going to follow Gullivan -  
I know I shouldnt say this, Terri said, but Id be quite relieved to see Gullivan right now.
Youve got to be joking, said Meatball.  Im scared as well, but lets hope we find him before he finds us.  We only wanted to know where he was going.
Thats if hes here.  We dont know weve come out in the same place.
Maybe we should go back, said Terri, while we still can.
Shes right, Doc said.  If we turn round now
Spike threw out his hands.  Whats the point of that?  Weve just got here.  Anyway, we dont know 
His voice trailed away.
We dont know we can get back? Terri snapped.  Thats what you were going to say, isnt it.  If we can get back.
Meatball fought hard against a wave of nausea.  We dont know we can, he said, flatly.  I suppose our only hope is to find Gullivan.  Keep out of his sight and follow him back.
We knows he goes back, Spike said, desperately, weve seen him, havent we?  We saw him appear out of nowhere.  All weve got to do is follow him.
If we can find him.
Spike ran a hand through his spiked hair.  Sorry guys, youre right.  Im an idiot
Its done now.  Duke tugged at the scarf wrapped around his neck.  If were staying Im getting rid of some of this lot.  
Me too, said Spike.  He slipped off his coat and gloves.  Lets chuck them behind here.  In case Gullivan sees them.
If hes here, said Meatball, quietly.
Terri glanced around her.  
Supposing we do meet him?  What are we going to do? 
Meatball placed his gloves and scarf on the growing pile of clothes.  Well, he said, with certainty, Hed have nothing to lose if he shot us here, would he?  Whod know?
Duke stared down at the dank stone floor, mulling things over in his mind.
No one, he agreed.  If it comes to it well have to fight.  Theres five of us and only one of him.
One of him with a shotgun, Meatball reminded him.
Got any better ideas? 
Meatball shook his head.  After a moments hesitation, he said,  There must be a way out of this cave.  Theres light coming in from somewhere. 
Thats what I was thinking, Spike piped up.  And I think I may have found it too.  Round here.  I was investigating when you lot arrived.
With Spike leading, they started to work their way around the cave wall into a long passageway.  Somewhere to their left, water dripped constantly.  The smell of damp rock filled their noses.  In the distance, they could hear a faint drumming sound.
 They moved slowly on.  Shuffling along behind Terri and Doc, Meatball glanced over his shoulder.  There it was, solid and grey and impenetrable.  The back wall.  The back wall of the cave was where theyd come in and in the privacy of his own mind, Meatball prayed that was where theyd be able to get out.
Spike stopped and looked back.
I think I can see an opening.
Where? 
Duke edged forward from behind him and peered outward in the direction of Spikes pointing finger.  Ahead, he could see a patch of light and the edge of what appeared to be the cave entrance.  He leaned back in toward the others.
Its daylight all right, he said, there is an opening.  
Can you see whats out there?  Doc asked.
Not yet. 
They continued along by the wall, keeping their backs pressed close to the rock, the cave slowly widening out in front of them, the drumming growing louder as they drew nearer.
Suddenly, as they crept around the very edge, they saw it.  A heavy, battered old jacket, slung carelessly aside, in a heap on the ground.  And there he was, framed like a silhouette in the space.  Standing languidly in the entrance shrouded in smoke, a tall gaunt figure they recognised was waiting, staring outside into torrential rain that was hammering the ground. 
Cornelius Gullivan was relaxing. 
Swiftly, they darted back behind the rock and crouched low to the ground, completely still, waiting and watching around the edge for Gullivans next move. 
Minutes crawled by.  As though someone had turned off a tap, the rain suddenly eased and stopped.  With a jerk of his arm, Gullivan removed the cigarette from between his lips and flicked it to the ground, and then bending down, he picked up his shotgun, slung a bag over his shoulder, and walked out of the mouth of the cave.  
At the far edge of the opening, they watched as Gullivan strode a few feet and then stopped, breaking the gun to check it was loaded.  With a half-nod, he snapped it shut again, put it to his shoulder, took aim at an invisible prey, and then walked off, the gun fixed firmly in his grip.
Looks like hes gone, Meatball murmured cautiously, but wed better watch it, you never know with him.
They shuffled slowly forward, keeping their backs flat against the wall until they could scan the area outside.  Gullivan seemed to have disappeared, but he was not to be trusted.
Stepping tentatively out from the shelter of the cave and onto a small plateau, they stood squinting in the daylight.  The sky was a blaze of brilliant sunlight, clear and blue, and it was hard to believe that only moments before, a thundering sheet of rain had completely obscured the view beyond the entrance.  Now all that remained were a few, straggly wisps of cloud.
Standing outside on the plateau, they looked about them, breathing in the thick, sultry air that condensed on their faces.  The plateau was like an island, surrounded by trees and lush, tropical undergrowth, steaming in the sunshine.  The heat was already oppressive, relieved only by a faint breeze that lifted huge fronds and leaves dripping with water and rocked them gently.  They seemed almost to be waving, beckoning them onward.
Doc took a couple of steps.  Where on earth are we? 
Terri shook her head, mesmerised by the waving leaves.  The rain forest? 
Look at thosewhat are they?  Meatball pointed at several enormous trunks.  Ive never seen trees like that.
I dont think they are  
Doc stared about her in amazement.  Theyre not trees, she said.  They look more like some type of giant palms.  Tree ferns -
You mean cycads -
Thats itcycads.  Course, I might be wrong, she went on, but these look like the ones in the books.  And those over therearent they?
Horsetails, Spike cut in.  Thats what they are.  Theyre in a book Mr Price lent me.  But somehow I didnt think theyd be that big
No sign of him, Meatball interrupted, looking about him.  Gullivan, I mean.  Wonder where hes gone?  
He could be anywhere here, said Terri.  Wherever this is -
Duke was listening, but only vaguely.  The enormity of what theyd done was beginning to sink in and so many thoughts were going round and round in his mind battling for importance, he didnt know where to start.  He wasnt going to admit it but he was starting to feel seriously worried.
Running his hand over the outside of the rock, he said quietly, If we go looking for Gullivanwe need to find this cave again.  If we miss him coming back -
Dont say that.  Fear raised goose bumps on Terris arms and she rubbed at them vigorously.
Wandering across the plateau, Spike stood before the cave entrance, gazing up at it.  If you look at it from here, he said, this cave looks a bit like a pyramid.  I reckon well be able to find it again.  Even from a distance.
Terri walked across to stand beside him.  It does, she said.  How weird is that?
Why, Doc asked, with her usual directness, dont we just hide behind there 
She pointed to a large clump of undergrowth nearby.  Until he comes back? At least well know.
You do that if you want, Spike said, but Im going to have a look around.  We dont have to go far.  Keep in sight of the cave.  
He looked across at Duke.  
Duke nodded.  We might be able to see Gullivan, he said.  See what hes up to.  Spike, you and Doc and Terri have a look round there.  Meatball and I will see whats round the other side of the cave.
Right.
Watch yourselves though; he could be anywhere.  Meet back here in five minutesagreed?
Agreed, said Spike.  He set off across the plateau.  Come on, he said.  Lets see whats over here.
Hang on, wait for us.  
Terri jogged to keep up as Spike strode away.  Behind her, Doc forced her legs to keep walking.  So many things she wanted to take a closer look at, but Spike was already leaving them behind.  He was always in such a rush, Doc thought, as she trailed along, he looked, but he never saw anything.  And here there was so much to see  
Ahead of them, Spike rushed on.  Even Terri was lagging behind.  
Hang on there, he called.  Be back in a sec -
Terri did as he asked, but kept an eye on where he was going.  She knew Spike too well.  When he got an idea into his head, he was off and the last time hed disappeared completely.
With occasional glances in his direction, Terri wandered over near the edge of the plateau, gazing vaguely down the gently sloping hillside. 
Doc -  
A little way behind, Doc glanced up at the sound of Terris voice. 
Doc, come and look at this, quick.
Dragged out of her own little world, Doc jogged the last few yards to where Terri stood and found herself gazing down into an enormous valley that swept from the edge of the plateau away into the distance as far as they could see.  A vast green swathe of land, quilted with patches of dense forest and undergrowth.
Those things theretheyre not what I think they are, are they? 
Terri pointed over to the left.  
Looktheresee?
In the middle of a clearing, lumbering slowly across the terrain, a group of huge creatures were clearly visible. 
Docs mouth dropped open.  Oh my God, they aretheyre dinosaurs. 
Dinosaurs?  
Hadrosaurs. Im sure they are.  Her eyes were wide with wonder.  Hadrosaurs
Terri stared hard at the creatures and even harder at Doc.  They cant bethats stupid.
What cant be what?  Spike had been investigating the far edge of the hillside around the side of the cave and was now walking back to where they stood.
Dinosaurs, Terri told him.  Doc says those things over there are Hadrosaurs.
Spike stared intently at the creatures for a few seconds, summing them up in his mind.  Finally, he nodded.
Shes right.  They are dinosaurs.  Ive seen pictures like them in the museum.  Dunno if theyre Hadro-whatsits though.
They are.  Docs tone left no room for doubt.  When she sounded that certain, she was nearly always right.
But if theyre dinosaursthen what is this place?  A Theme Park?
Theyre not real, Doc interrupted, scornfully.  Theyre only in the films.
Terri looked anxiously about her.  Im glad theyre over there 
Perched on a low mound, Doc was still gazing into the distance, studying the creatures.
The heads are different, she mused, and they shouldnt have that bit theredyou know, these dont look quite right.  Theyre not quite the same as the ones in the books  
Spike shrugged.  Whatever they are, theyll have to keep; weve got to get back.
They arrived at the cave to find Duke sitting down on a rock; his shoulders slumped, his head resting in his hands.
You all right, Duke?  Wheres Meatball?
Duke looked up, ashen-faced. 
Hes behind there, throwing up.
He pointed towards a large patch of undergrowth.
Throwing up?
He nodded.  We found something 
Where?  
Spike started forward, but Duke gripped his arm.  
No, leave it, mate, its been eaten by somethingyou dont want to see it, believe me.
See what? 
At that moment, Meatball appeared, his face deathly pale.
Its a body.  Or whats left of it.  Its horrible
Doc looked over in the direction of the bushes.
What is it then?  An animal or something?
Duke shook his head.  Dont think so, he muttered.  Its a bit hard to be surebut it looks like a man 
A man?
The colour drained from Spikes face. 
No, he whispered.  Not Mr Price
No way of knowing 
Dukes voice trailed off.
Spikes eyes blazed with hatred.  
Gullivan 



TEN

Those Teeth are Real


Almost two hours later, as the tropical rain began once more, Gullivan finally returned, grubby and battered, blood trickling from a fresh wound on his face, bag and shotgun on his shoulder.
From the cover of the horsetails, they watched him.  
At the entrance to the cave, Gullivan halted, letting the bag slip to the ground for a moment.  It looked heavy and misshapen.  Glancing around, he picked it up again, heaved it onto his shoulder, and disappeared inside.
Hes going back, Duke hissed in a muffled growl.  Get ready -
Doc peered through leaves now running with water. 
Ive just had a thoughtwhat if he isnt going back home?  Our home?  What if this doorway-thingy doesnt work both ways?
Weve seen him come out, said Meatball.
But we dont know if he goes other places, do we?
Shes right.  Terri glanced uneasily back over her shoulder.  But whats the alternative? Stay here for ever?
No, Spike said.  Cautiously he pushed aside the whorls of sopping branches and stepped out from the undergrowth.  
Duke followed.  Wherever Gullivans gone, well have to go. Come on.
Watch out, Doc said.  He could still be in there.
Flattened against the outside wall, they stood for a few moments, listening.  Hearing no sound, they filtered through the entrance and into the gloom.  The cave was empty; the only noise the distant dripping of water.  Gullivan had vanished. 
Weve left it too late!  Hes gone!
Quickly they retrieved their coats from the hiding place behind the rock and passed them around, then they walked back down the gloomy stone passageway.
Right, Duke said, as the faint light illuminated the bleak wall of stone before them.  Thats where we came in -
Wrapping his coat tightly around him, Spike yanked the zip up to his neck and flipped up his hood.
And if thats the way we came in, he said.  Thats got to be the way we get out.  
His hand reached out for Terris arm, they took a united bound toward the walland were gone.
Stumbling forward, Terri kept her eyes tightly closed, conscious only of Spikes vice-like grip on her arm, dragging her onward.  A moment passed, then she felt the welcoming blast of freezing air on her skin. 
Its OK, Spike whispered.  Its OK, we made it.
Trembling, Terri opened one eye.
Is it?  Are we?
Spike nodded, holding onto her.  His hands shook.
Home, he said, still nodding.  Were home.
As one, they swung around and stared at the empty space behind them.  And they waited.
On the other side of the portal, in the clammy oppressive atmosphere of the cave, Docs mouth went dry as she watched Spike and Terri melt through a solid mass of rock and disappear.  Then, with Meatball and Duke beside her, she was running 
Are we back? she gasped, struggling to get her breath in the cold.  Meatball looked anxiously about him and then to Spike and Terri for confirmation.  They nodded.
Thank God, he croaked.
Dukes face was grey. 
Lets get home, he muttered, gruffly.
The five half-walked, half-ran through the snowy landscape, along the winding country lanes and across the sheets of white that covered Grans fields.  Their bodies ached and their minds felt numb with shock.  Once or twice, someone tried to voice a thought, but sheer fatigue overruled them and no one said a word until they were safely back and walking up the short pathway to the old Forge.
As they approached, a joyful Ed sprung to his feet and bounded towards them.  Breaking into a run over the last few yards, Spike collided with him full on, throwing his arms around his warm, shaggy neck, drinking in the familiar smell. 
Ed responded by licking his face, barking loudly through sheer pleasure and excitement, and then tail wagging, he trotted contentedly behind as they pushed open the door and walked into the Forge.
Once inside, they closed the door against the weather, lit the stove, and huddled round, Ed spread out at their feet.  They still said nothing; the kindling was sparking and crackling and as flames started to lick around the logs, they sat staring into it.  Rising to her feet, Terri wandered off toward the doorway. 
Meatball spoke first.
I need biscuits, he said.  Im going to pig out until I throw up.
From the doorway, Terri said in a quiet voice,  Bit late for me, I already have.  Sorry.
Youre not the only one.  Duke was pale.  Move, Terri, I need to get out.
He pushed past her and rushed off outside.
Over in the armchair, Doc sat, wringing her hands over and over, staring at the floor.
Oh well, she said.
And then she burst into tears.  No one moved and after a few minutes, she blew her nose and wiped her eyes.
Sorry about that, she said, briskly. 
At that same moment, Duke was walking back toward the door.  Overwhelmed with emotion, he stopped and leaned against the wall.  However hard he tried, he couldnt stop shaking.  With a determined effort, he pulled himself upright, and stepped back into the room, where he flopped into his chair and put his head in his hands.
Ive never been so bloody scared in all my life, he said.
On the edge of her chair, Doc sat, holding her legs still to stop them shaking. 
Me too, she croaked.  I thought we were dead.
Meatball rammed three more biscuits into his mouth and swallowed hard.  I nearly peed myself, he said.  What with that and finding 
He stole a sideways glance at Spike.  Wellyou know
Running a hand through his hair, Duke said, If it is Mr Priceand we dont know anything for certain, Spike 
His head shook.  Well, if it is himwhat I dont get iswhy?
Because Gullivans scum! 
Spike jumped to his feet and started yelling vehemently.  Because hes a thief and a murderer and Mr Price found out about him.  Because 
He sat down again with a bump.  Because Mr Price is old and defenceless and Gullivans bigger than he is - 
His voice faltered.  Because hes a thug. 
Terri sat down beside him, slipping an arm about his shoulders.  Hunched, staring miserably down at the floor, Spike put his fingers on his eyelids to stop the tears that threatened behind them.  
Meatball stood up and then with a look across at Duke, he pulled something from his pocket and walked across to where Spike sat.  
Weumwe found this next to the body, he said, quietly.
Looking up, Spike reached out and took the watch gently from Meatballs fingers.  Turning it over in his palm, he placed a finger each side and squeezed.  The clock face flipped to reveal a set of engraved symbols.  With some effort, he nodded.
Its his all right.  Id swear to it.  He showed it to me once when he was over at Grans.
Beside him, Terri put her other hand on his arm and squeezed gently.  With his father constantly working away, she knew how much Mr Prices presence had meant.
Were all so sorry, Spike, she whispered. 
Doc sat down on the other side.  If theres anything we can do -

Duke let out a long sigh.  Looks like it might be Mr Price, then.  He looked at the others.  What dyou reckon?  Gullivan?
Meatball nodded. 
Bet you any money, he growled.  Hell get whats coming to him.
Spike took a last lingering look at the watch and then slipped it into his inside pocket.
Ill have him, he muttered.  Ill have him if its the last thing I do.
Be right behind you, Spike, said Doc.
Terri squeezed his shoulder.  We all will.
Ed shuffled across and put his huge head on Spikes lap.  In the stillness of the forge, Spike put his arms around the dogs neck and hugged him.
For a few moments, they all waited quietly, just thinking.  About the portal, the place beyond, Mr Price and Gullivan.  
Duke pushed himself to his feet.
Were going back, he announced.  We have to.  If nothing else, we need to see what hes up to.
Meatball dragged himself out of a deep brooding and stood up. 
Youre right, Duke, he said, we have to go back.  We owe it to Mr Price.  Why dont we go back to my place?  Ive been working on a program to try and decode that ball.
Spike fought off a shiver, and then standing slowly upright, he wiped his face roughly with the sleeve of his coat. 
Good idea, he muttered, quietly.  Be warmer at your place too.
Walking across the cold stone floor of the Forge, Duke damped down the fire and then closed it up tight, then one by one, they stepped outside into the bitter cold and started on the journey to Meatballs, Ed loping along behind them.  
Ive been wondering, Terri said, as they trudged along Thicketts Lane, if we ought to tell the police or someone, about Mr Price.
What, tell them weve found a time portal and that Gullivan is bumping off anyone and anything that gets in his way?  Doc said.  Whos going to believe us?
Spose...
Anyway, Spike said.  I want to find out whats going on.
Me too, Duke agreed.
Me three, growled Meatball.
With a sigh, Spike stopped and called back up the lane. 
Come on, Ed! he yelled.  Half the lanell be yellow at this rate!
Ed hopped along on three legs for a moment and then bounded as best he could through the hardening snow to Spikes side.  It was getting colder now; the kind of aching cold that signalled an early dusk and a heavy overnight frost and they sped up to keep themselves warm.
Mumll have some grub going, I expect, Meatball said, as they turned off across the road by the church and his house came into view.
The sight of his warm house and the thought of his Mums warm food cheered them all.
Back inside the basement of his home, Meatball flicked the first in a long line of switches and waited.
Save me some othem, he said, referring to a huge plate of sausage rolls that his mum had presented to Spike on his way through the kitchen.
Hold it, Meatballs got something. 
Duke pointed at the monitor screen, which had now burst into life.
Turning the monitor to face them, Meatball said,  You remember the recording we made of the ball came out like this.
They all nodded.
Right, well, I ran that through a frequency analysis program and this is how it came out.
They studied the screen intently, staring at strange lines that made no sense.
Weird, said Spike.
It is, but I was sitting here staring at it last night, at the differences in tone and pitch and that and it occurred to me that it might be
Music? 
Meatball pointed at Terri.  I thought of that.  But dyou know what I reckon it is?
A voice, Spike said.  A voice, thats what it is.  Somebody reading or something like that -
Meatball nodded enthusiastically.  Thats what I think.
Of course!  Doc snapped her fingers.  Someones recording something.  Perhaps its a story, or a diary or something.  An audio-diary, I bet thats what it is.  Itd fit with the segments then.  There could be a different one for each dayor each month.
But if thats a language, Terri murmured.  How are we going to understand it?
Meatball picked up a disk and tried not to look too pleased with himself.
Just so happens -
He slipped in the disk.  Converted into this, look, you can see there are repetitive bits, thereand there, see?  Now, Ive devised this new program and when you run it through here - 
He tapped on the keyboard.  Give it a minute -
Seconds later, the screen produced line after line of symbols.
And then I click on thisand thisandda-da!
Blimey! 
Meatball, Duke said.  Youareagenius!
I know, Meatball agreed, modestly.  But there is one problem, some bits of the recording arent as good as others.
We might have enough, though, Doc said.  What have we got?
Meatball reached for some sheets of paper. 
Ive printed off most of it and I think youre right about it being a diary.  Have a look at these.
Doc picked up the sheets of paper and began to read. 
Today I have observed a most amazing spectaclean explosion has occurred on the surface of the large planethuge quantities of debris has been hurled out into space.  This is cause for great concern; it could pose a threat to us
An explosion - Duke murmured. 
Doc read on. 
I dont know how much later on this is, but theyre talking about a fragment of the explosion being on a collision course with the Earth and all life beingextinguished, as they put it.  Wiped out, I spose they mean.  Oh, and it looks like the poor soul has something wrong with its eyesight.  It says, The years of observing the heavens are taking their toll.
Duke rubbed his chin.  Observing the heavenspraps theyre some kind of astronomers or something.
Or an astrologer, Terri suggested.
Meatball peered over Docs shoulder. 
Look on the next sheet, he said, prodding it with his finger.  See that bit?  About space vessels and that?
Doc ran her eyes over the first few lines of the second sheet.
Oh yes -
Well, tell us then, Spike urged.  We want to know as well.
Doc looked up.
Eh?  Oh, sorry.  It saysum
The course of the fragment is certainit will strike the Earth in ten years after it orbits the star.  We have taken the decision to evacuate the entire race.  Our only problem is the development of a powerful drive to enable travel at the enormous velocities required for deep space.  My eyesight continues to deteriorate
Meatball shook his head.  Ten yearssounds a long time.
Terri leaned across and tried to peer round the edge of the piece of paper.
Well?  Do they do it? she demanded.  Does it say? 
Doc looked again at the sheet in her hand.  Um  
She read on.  Time is running out.  The ship is almost ready, but the drive is proving a great problem to perfect.  
He says something about his eyesight againlooks like its almost gone, she added.
Meatball looked grim.  It doesnt sound as though they make it, does it? 
Well, I dont know really, Doc replied, with a shrug,  I mean it doesnt actually say.  Here we are, look.  This is the last entry.  
Barely twelve months leftour scientists are working non-stop on the driveour very survival depends on their skills.
Twelve months, Spike said.  Doesnt give them much time.
Depends when it is, Duke answered,  I mean, it doesnt give a date or time or anything, does it?
Terri leaned forward.
Thats a point, she said.  It could be any time.
Shes right you know, it could, said Meatball.  Could be any time, any place.
Doc was silent for a moment, thinking.  She looked again at the sheets of paper, scanning the text, joggling her head from side to side as though she were sifting ideas.
Then abruptly she laid them down, her hands hitting the table with a loud plonk! 
Ha-ll-o-o-o! she cried.  Anyone home? 
Glancing around at four blank faces, she went on,  Did any of you lot remember to put your brains on charge last night?  Slowly and deliberately, she said,  Where did the ballcomefrom?
Her face was glowing with excitement, her dark eyes shining like buttons.
We dont know, Terri stated monotonously.  Doc had a brilliantly logical scientific mind, but she had moments when she expected everyone to know what she was thinking before shed actually told them and then she looked at them as though they were stupid.  Which they were sometimes, but that wasnt the point.
Docs eyes closed for a moment with sheer impatience.  Well, no, she began, We dont know for certain.  But surely it cant be coincidence that Gullivans bringing things back through the portal, and that we found the ball and headband in his trunk.
And?
And he goes where we went today -
Where Mr Price was, sighed Spike.
Well, possibly Spike, yes.  But also the dinosaurs and the other prehistoric things.  So the ball and the band couldve come from there.  And I bet they did.  Theyre hardly likely to belong to anyone here, are they?
So they come from where the dinosaurs were?
Exactly.  The dinosaurs.  And the cycads.  Andoh my God
She gripped the sheets of paper tightly in her hand.  Oh my God!
Doc started jumping up and down in a frenzy of excitement.
Hello, Docs got one of Eds fleas, said Terri.
Ed doesnt have fleas, Spike retorted.
Doc continued to hop around like a grasshopper. 
It cant beand yet it must beits got to be.  She paused for a moment, tapping her forehead.  Dont you see?  It all makes sense!  Now she was shaking her head.  Its the biggest thing sincesincethe last biggest thing!
For goodness sake, someone get her tablets, moaned Spike.
Listen, will you?  Scientists think that about sixty-five million years ago, all the dinosaurs were wiped out when an asteroid hit the earth.
And? 
Doc stared at them again, as if she couldnt believe anyone could be so slow on the uptake.
In a hushed voice, she said, What does it say on the ball?
Meatball swung around.
The asteroid!
You mean, Duke said, thatthat place we went this morningthat could be sixty-five million years ago?
Doc nodded her head.  Its the only logical explanation, she said.
The asteroid - 
Terris eyes grew wide.  But that means
Exactly, Terri, Doc interrupted with a rush.  Thats exactly what it means.  And the dinosaurs are still there, so perhaps the asteroid hasnt struck yet.
Even if youre right, Meatball said,  Whoever made this ball may have gone.  Perhaps they finished their ship and made a run for it.
Duke rubbed his chin.  Maybe they got it wrong.  Maybe the asteroid missed the earth altogether.  Perhaps something else killed the dinosaurs.
Doesnt matter what happened really, Terri murmured.  All weve got to decide is what we do next.
I think we should go back, said Doc, abruptly.  We could have a nose around and see if we can find where this ball came from.
Im going back.  
It was a statement, plain and simple.  Spikes voice was quiet and controlled, his brown eyes dark with determination as he rose slowly to his feet.  I want to see what Gullivans got to do with it.  
So do I, said Meatball. 
Terri looked aghast. 
Were not going back now, are we?  
I spose we might as well, said Duke.  Sooner the better really.  We might get back there before Gullivan.
I doubt that.  Spike was already zipping up his coat.  Hes there already.
How dyou know?
He looked from one to the other.  Didnt you see it?  As we came down the lane?  The lights in the church roof.  Someone went through the portal.
Id like to know what hes up to, Meatball snapped.
Knowing Gullivan, therell be something in it for him, Doc said.  And you did see him bring that sack back.
If only we knew what was in it -
Well, there was the ball, and the headband, Duke pointed out.  Docs got a point.  He could have brought those back with him.
Terri picked up her gloves and started to pull them on.  But it was in the trunk with all the stolen things, she reminded them.  So it stands to reason it must have come from one of the houses he robbed.
Theres only one way were going to find out, Duke declared, and thats to go back.  Lets go now; itll be dark in an hour or so.  
Youre right, Doc agreed.  We ought to get going.  Shall we take Ed with us?
YES!  Terri almost shouted her answer.  Yes, I thinkumwe should take Ed.  Were a team, she added brightly.
We might need a few other bits and pieces, Meatball put in.  You know, a torch, matches, compass -
Water, Doc said.  Well need water.  Its boiling there.
Well pick some up at the shop.  And some sweets -
Weapons, Spike interrupted.
Weapons?  Duke chewed his lip for a second, and then nodded agreement.  Yeah, good idea.  We might need them.
Meatball looked vaguely about the basement.  Im not sure what weve got.  Mumll have some knives upstairs but I dont think -
Ive got a penknife, Terry piped up, producing a small red knife she always kept in her pocket.  Its not much I suppose but -
What about your cricket bat?  Duke suggested.  Thatll be OK.
Brilliant!  Ill go and get it.  Meatball set off for the staircase, then on a sudden impulse, swung back around.  Ive got a baseball bat as well! he cried.  Ill get that too.
So, Doc began to count on her fingers.  Thats a penknife and two bats.  Fat lot of good thats going to be against a dinosauror Gullivans shotgun.
Its better than nothing, said Terri.
Doc sighed.  Suppose so.  Cant help wishing I had a couple of Dads scalpels, though -
Meatball reappeared carrying a battered cricket bat, a brand-new baseball bat complete with ball, and a large carving knife.
Found this upstairs, he said, with a grin.  The light flashed on the blade as he turned it.  I was using it the other day to cut cardboard -
Duke took the baseball bat from his grasp.  Whats the ball for?
It came with it, Meatball muttered, waving away his question.  I havent used it yet.
Duke swung the bat a few times, then hit the ball, which shot across the basement, bounced off the wall, and hit the desk, striking the corner of the monitor on its way into Eds mouth.
Watch it!  Meatball grabbed the monitor to steady it.  Right.  Ill have the knife.  Spike, you can have this -
He held out the cricket bat to an empty space.  
At that moment, Spike walked back into the basement.  You can keep them, he said.  Im taking this!
With one hand, he pushed a large double-headed axe high into the air, looking like a Viking at the end of a triumphant battle.
Where dyou get that? 
Out of your shed.
What, and Mum just let you walk past her with it?
Spike twirled the axe by the handle and then dropped it, narrowly missing his toe.  I asked her if Gran could borrow it for a couple of days, he said.  I told her Gran had broken hers.
You jammy -
Well, at least weve all got something now, Duke interrupted.  Wed better get going.  And this time we all go together.
Yeah, we should all stick together, Spike said.  Be safer.
He continued pulling on his gloves, seeming not to notice the looks he received from Duke and Meatball.
Yes 
Terri was starting to feel queasy again.  As she helped pack the few things they thought they might need into rucksacks, she tried hard not to think about the things that might be waiting for them on the other side of the portal.
I know what you mean, Doc agreed, as they found themselves walking once more down Thicketts Lane, My legs are still wobbly from the last time.  But I think its something we have to do.
The snowy fields loomed up ahead of them.  If its any consolation, she added, None of the dinosaurs I saw earlier were carnivores.
Terris heart sank.
Oh yippee, she said.

*


Somehow, the fact that none of the dinosaurs were likely to eat her for dinner, didnt make Terri feel any better, especially in the claustrophobic surroundings of the cave.  There might be plenty of other dinosaurs about, she thought.  Dinosaurs they hadnt seen, dinosaurs that might just fancy Terri with a side salad.  That was assuming Doc had identified them correctly.  
She felt something run down her back and prayed it was only sweat.  In intense humidity and with normality, home, and fast food sixty-five million years away, she was starting to feel distinctly uneasy.  Reaching down, she grabbed Eds collar and closed her fingers tightly around it, and then flanked by Spike and Ed, she walked out of the cave into a prehistoric world.  
Looking up, she shielded her eyes in the sudden brilliance of the daylight.  In front of them, Meatball and Duke were studying the hills in vain for any sign of Cornelius Gullivan.  Meatball had pulled a pair of ancient binoculars from his rucksack and was using them to scan the dips and curves in the distance. 
Hes probably long gone, he said.  He could be anywhere.  Wow!  Look at the size of those!  We never saw those last time.
He pointed to the far hills of the valley where large, lumbering creatures were visible in the distance, long willowy necks among the treetops.  
Docs eyes were wide with wonder.  Apatasaurus?  
I dont care what they are, Terri muttered in reply, as long as Im not on the menu.
Doc looked at her.  Youre all right, she said, with a hint of impatience.  Theyre herbivores.  They wont hurt you.
Terri glared back.  Oh, you know that, do you?
In the sky above, a winged creature soared effortlessly through the air, casting a long black shadow across the ground. 
Terri took a sudden step backward.  And I suppose thats not going to hurt us either, she said, watching as it flew off into the distance.
Wandering over to a thick stem, Ed sniffed it two or three times, then lifted his leg to water it.
Meatball put down the binoculars.  No sign of Gullivan, he said, Which I suppose is good and bad really.  Good, because hopefully we wont find a shotgun in our faces; and bad, because we cant follow him to see where hes going and what hes up to.
Spike scuffed at the soil with the toe of his shoe.  Well, hell have to come back to the cave, or he cant get home.  Unless theres another way. 
I guess thats a chance well have to take, Duke said.  Hopefully, we can get back through this cave again, whether he turns up or not.  He took a deep breath to calm his nerves. 
Lets have a look down there, Doc said, pointing ahead to where the plateau dipped down, sloping away into the lush, green valley.
They each took a gulp of water and then with a last glance back at the cave, began to climb the mound.  At the top, they stood for a moment, gazing down, watching for movement.
It was now or never.  Anything could be waiting, Gullivan could be waiting, but there was only one way to find out.
At the front of the group, Duke attempted to swallow the fear in his throat, then, with another deep breath, he said, Ready?
They nodded, and then together they started the slow trudge down the valley wall into the unknown.  
In the moist humidity of the valley, the ground changed from dry, dusty soil, dotted with patches of coarse grass, to thick, green shrubs and vegetation.  The warm breeze was gentler, almost caressing their skin and heavy with the intoxicating scent of tropical flowers.  Around them, insects hummed and buzzed.
Terri jumped as something whizzed past her ear.
What was that?
Its a dragonfly, Doc breathed, still gazing after it in wonder,  Look at it.  Its beautiful -
Walking steadily on, the ground became soft, thickly coated with leaves and springy plants.  More horsetails came into view; their long curled heads pushing upwards like luxurious bottlebrushes; broad cycad fronds burst from ridged, hairy trunks, splaying outwards as they reached for the sun.  Huge, corrugated, glossy leaves paddled against one another as they pushed their way through.
Thick, stout tree trunks with bark that curled and split into sections created small reservoirs of water that teemed with life.  Above them, large, brilliantly coloured blooms nestled in the crooks of the branches, dripping nectar, their long fibrous roots dangling toward the earth.  
From the corner of her eye, Doc watched the fleshy leaves of a clinging plant close firmly, trapping its prey within.  So many things she couldnt identify, if only she could study them.  She began to pick pieces off for research wherever she could, tucking them neatly into her pockets.
Slowly, they plodded on, walking tightly against the incline as the valley opened out before them.  The air seemed thicker here, muggy and close.  A fine mist dampened their skin and hair, and despite the heat and the sweat, their clothes had the chill of feeling damp.  The slight breeze that had ruffled their hair at the top of the hill lessened as they descended, then died completely.
They were deep into the valley basin, where the leaves dripped water, and the air was alive with insects, when Ed suddenly stiffened and emitted a low growl.
Spike turned to look at him.  Ed?
Ed was staring at a wall of dense foliage, baring his teeth, the growl rumbling in his throat.
Ed?  What is it, boy?
Ed didnt respond.  Motionless, his long nose fixed on the spot, sniffing hard.  Spike moved slowly to his side, and then slid a hand into the bag on his back and pulled out the axe.  
What is it?  You smell something?
A slight rustle in the bushes quickly became a smacking sound.  Through a sudden break in the leaves, something burst out, scampered frantically past on tiny legs and disappeared into the vegetation behind.
Whipping around, Ed lunged, his teeth crashing together with a loud snap, only centimetres away.  Thrusting a hand under Eds collar, Spike yanked him back before he could follow.
Did you see that?  What was it?
Duke stared hard after the creature.  I dont know -
I didnt get much of a look at it, Doc said.  It wasnt very big, whatever it was.
At the spot where the creature had made its entrance, Meatball was crouched down, examining the broken leaves.  It looked to me like it was running for its life.
Nervously, they looked at one another, their minds grappling with the same terrifying thought.  What if
Ed growled again, deep and menacing, the noise reverberating in his throat until it spilled over into a loud bark.
With a gasp, Meatball leaped backward.
Theres something else there, he croaked.  In those bushes.  I can hear it -
Terri moved closer to Spike.  Pull Ed back, Spike, I dont like it.
Ive got a bad feeling about this, Doc muttered. 
Duke stared anxiously at the bushes.  So have I, he hissed.  I think wed better get out of here.
But at that moment, a little higher in the leaves, there was movement.  
Unsteadily, they edged away.  Suddenly, two heads pierced the leaves, bobbing like a jack-in-a-box.  Barely a metre above the ground, they seemed almost suspended among the branches.  Tiny eyes stared at them.  Flaring nostrils sniffed the air, smelling, scenting.  Trickles of moisture gleamed on greyish-brown skin.  The creatures jaws gaped slightly open, revealing rows of razor-sharp teeth.
Ed threw himself forward in fury, straining against his collar, pulling, and yanking against Spikes grasp as he struggled to hold him.  
Bending down, Meatball threw his strong arms around the dogs neck to help.  What the hell -
II dont know - Doc wavered.
What are they?
I dont know, she said, in desperation,  Its not like in the books, theyre different   
Her voice broke.  These are realand they dont look rightthey dont
Duke edged away.  Those teeth are real -
The heads moved nearer, investigating, pushing aside the bushes, edging closer, rocking slightly on muscular legs and shoulders.
As though someone had switched on the light, an image appeared in Docs mind.  A memory, a picture shed seen of creatures vaguely like these.  Not the same, but enough like them to grip her with terror.  She dragged in a breath.
Raptors



ELEVEN

The Invisible Barrier


It was too late to run.  Too late for all the wonderful ideas they might have had.  The creatures were only metres away. 
One of them stepped a little nearer, a strange murmur rumbling in its throat.  From the open mouth, a gust of foul-smelling breath wafted toward them.  Choking, Meatball reeled backwards, stumbling as his feet skidded and slid on the damp leaves.  Duke leaped to his side, grasping at his T-shirt to steady him, the baseball bat clutched tightly in his hand.   
Get Ed away, Spike! he hollered.  Meatball!  Watch the other one!
Spike was battling furiously with Ed, who was now almost upright, snarling and growling, tearing at the air with his paws.  
I cant hold him!  
Spike was frantic, digging in his heels, the damp leather of Eds collar cutting into his hands as he tried desperately to wrench him back.  Bracing themselves hard against the ground, Doc and Terri grabbed Eds collar and heaved with all their might.  
Meatball leaned forward, the long blade of the knife thrust ahead of him.  On the other side, Duke was struggling to keep hold of the bat with wet hands.
LOOK OUT!
Doc screamed a warning, as the raptor took another springy step forward, the second close on its heels.  Stained saliva ran from its open jaws, dribbling onto the ground.
With a swipe of his long arm, Meatball struck out repeatedly toward its head, narrowly missing it with the blade as it dipped and swerved.  Repeatedly, he lunged until the point of the blade caught its neck, drawing blood, but still it came on.
WATCH THEM!  Duke screeched, swinging the hefty bat wildly through the air, the sheer effort almost pulling him over.  Several blows struck home on their heads, but they barely seemed to notice.
HOLD HIM!  Spike yelled at Doc and Terri, then releasing his grasp on Eds collar, he gripped the heavy axe with both hands, lifted it high into the air, and swung it with all his might.  
Powerful necks extended, the heads of the creatures bobbed and weaved, dodging the strikes.  Cold reptilian eyes flickered.  
Then, the first of them ducked low and surged forward.  Whistling through the air, Spikes axe whirled around in a neat arc and struck home against the creatures upper body, slashing a gaping wound that erupted blood.  Screaming with pain, it stumbled and overbalanced.  It lay there, stunned, then somehow roused itself, and fled, after its companion, into the sopping undergrowth. 
They heard the crashing of their bodies through the trees, and then silence.
Gasping, heart throbbing, Meatball said at last,  Dyoudyou think...? 
Shaking, Spike stared at the blade of his axe.  Blood dripped from the edge. 
I dunno - 
Dyou reckon theyve gone? Duke gasped.  He let the baseball bat slide slowly from his trembling grasp to rest on the grass.  Now he could feel the pain that racked his arms and shoulders.
Meatball stared blankly at the bushes.  What do we do if?
Ed gave one last volley of defiant barks and then flopped into a sitting position beside Spike, who bent down to pat his head.  Well done, boy, he said.  His trembling fingers tightened around the wiry fur.  That was close -
Terri shook, her hands almost welded to Eds collar.  Thank God theyve gone
In front of the bushes, Meatball was still staring at the spot, almost daring something to appear.  Have they?  
Duke forced the bat back into his belt.  We dont know that, he muttered.  They could be back.  Lets get back to the cave.
But what about Gullivan? 
Well have to take a chance.  If we stay here -
Ssh!
Doc held a hand in the air.  
Quiet!  I think theres something moving. 
They listened.  Somewhere around them, something was disturbing the leaves.
In slow, hesitant steps, they eased away from the bushes.  Spike slipped a hand under Eds collar.  Ed pulled at him and began to growl.
Meatballs voice dropped to a whisper.  Were being watched.  I can sense it.  Over there
Doc whirled around.  Noover here
At that moment the small creature that had dashed past them earlier, reappeared, and careered across the open ground, galloping straight past them and out of sight.
Theres something else there -  
With a look of horror, Meatball gripped Dukes arm.  You dont thinkthe smell of the blood?
Duke let out a long cry.  
R-U-N!
They charged headlong into the undergrowth, running blindly, lurching, and stumbling, jumping over ground littered with roots and branches.  Damp leaves showered them, insects flew into their faces, and projecting branches snagged their clothing and scraped their skin, but suddenly, none of that mattered.
Nothing mattered but the sound behind them.  Something was moving at speed; they could hear the chilling thud of feet pounding the ground and the thwacking and smashing of foliage.  A terrible, frightening sound that made their stomachs churn and their hearts drum with horror.
For surely now, there were more than one or two creatures in pursuit.  This sounded like a pack, or, more terrifyingly, something much, much larger.
They kept running, on and on, until their legs shook and their chests heaved with exertion, but they barely noticed the pain; fear was driving them onward.
Bursting from the forest, they poured out into the brilliant sunlight of a clearing and started up the rise toward the next hill.
Exhausted, Terri started to slow.  I cant breatheI cant breathe! 
Gasping and choking, Spike bent over, gripping his knees.  We have to keep going, he pleaded, theyre
Listen!
Duke stopped.  Its getting fainterI swear -
The thundering of feet faded and stopped, and a different noise began, a noise that chilled them, raising goose bumps on their skin; screams and shrieks, resonating and petrifying.  And above this, something else; a deeper sound, echoing and ominous.  
They started again, clambering up the hill.  Almost at the top, Doc glanced over her shoulder.  At the very edge of the forest, she saw a large animal lope out into the clearing on long, gangly legs and stop.  Another pushed through the trees behind it and then another.  Large heads were slowly turning in their direction.  The killing machines the noise theyd heard in the forest 
Oh no. Her sobs choked her.  Theyve seen us!
Near to collapse, they staggered to the top of the hill and tumbled over onto the downward slope in an uncontrollable wave.  Their legs were moving automatically, so numb with the effort, they seemed to be almost floating, detached from their bodies.
Turning, Spike grabbed Terris arm to help her and his eyes fell on the heart-stopping scene on the hill behind them.
In full sight now, the creatures were hurtling forward, pouring down the slope like a ramshackle army charging into battle, a barrage of teeth, feet, and claws, terrifying, fascinating, and getting ever nearer.
They were running for their lives.  On and on and
Hold it!  Dukes voice rang in their ears.  Hang on! he yelled.  STOP!
The message finally registering with their subconscious, they began to slow down.
If you -  
Meatball bent double with pain.  If youhave stopped us for nothing -
Theyve stopped, Duke gasped.
What?
Spike leaned on Ed, wheezing and gasping. Theyretheyre notregrouping? 
Duke pushed himself upright long enough to point up the hill.  See for yourself.
They turned around and stared.  Their attackers stood, jostling for space, halfway down the hill. 
Duke gripped his side, wincing in pain.  
What the hell are we going to do, he groaned.  Well never outrun them.
THERE! Spike yelled.  Look -
He pointed high up on the hill, where it dipped and flowed out onto a patch of level land.  A lone animal, broken away from the others, was standing there, quite still.
Ed gave a low growl.
Its watching us, Terri burbled.  Its watching us!  Her voice was almost a scream.  With a slight whimper, she said, Why doesnt it?
We should keep running, Meatball thought.  We should keep running.  But he couldnt move.  In his hand, the long carving knife glinted in the sunshine.  What use was this flaming thing going to be against creatures that size?
Spike reached into his bag for the axe.  What am I doing?  Theres no point, he thought, weve had it
Above them, the animal continued to watch.  Nearby, the massed bodies of his companions pushed and shoved against each other.
This is ridiculous, Meatball croaked.  Theyre likelike soldiers waiting -
Without warning, the lone animal started to move, breaking into a run, charging toward them.  Frozen with fear, they watched its feet tearing into the grass.
With a quick jerk of his head, Ed broke free from Spikes grasp and launched himself into a run toward the advancing creature.
ED!  NO-O-O!
Screaming at the top of his voice, Spike tried to stumble after him, the axe flailing wildly about in his hand, but his legs buckled beneath him.  He tumbled to his knees, then pushed himself up again and surged forward.  Duke and Meatball rushed to keep up with him, Terri and Doc staggering along beside them, but it was no use.  They had stopped and now tight with fatigue, the muscles in their legs refused to take them any further.
Screeching and shouting Eds name, they pleaded with him to stop, but frantic for their safety, Ed hurtled on, his huge paws pounding the ground, oblivious to their calls.  
Slipping once again to his knees, Spike started to sob.  Halfway up the hill, Ed was running, getting nearer and nearer to the charging animal that was thundering along the ground toward him, its enormous jaws flailing with the effort.
Lurching to their feet, they stood, watching helplessly, tears streaming down their faces.
E-E-ED!
Convulsed with tears, Spike gave one last frantic call as Ed careered across the ground.
The creature was almost upon him, when suddenly it catapulted backwards into the air, as though someone or something had punched it.  There was nothing to see; yet something struck the creature head on and sent it flying through the air, where it lay on its back, helpless, writhing on the ground, kicking, dazed, and disorientated.  Righting itself, it scrambled to its feet and charged again, only to find itself on its back once more.  Repeatedly it rushed at the invisible barrier, until finally, as if accepting it couldnt pass, it turned and began to move away.
Now only metres away, Ed ran at the creature full pelt, but moments later he was hurtling through the air.    
Somethings stopping them, gasped Spike, as he and the others reached him and collapsed onto the grass.
A thought appeared unexpectedly in Terris mind, a calming thought that made her feel strangely reassured.  Its a force field, she said, quietly.  Thats whats happening.  Theyre coming up against a force field.
A force field?  Butbut where would that come from? I mean, who couldve -
A slight noise from behind made Duke spin round.  
Oh my God, he said.  


TWELVE

Ishmecs


There were six of them. 
Sixwhat?  Creatures?  People?  
Dukes heart pounded as he gazed at the group of strange, willowy figures standing before them, his mind working frantically to find an answer.
They werent human, that much was obvious, yet they were upright like humans, standing on two feet.  And they certainly werent dinosaurs; they looked civilised and intelligent, but their faces 
The two figures standing directly in front were dressed in robes of intense violet, which draped to the ground, a blaze of silver visible between the folds as they waved slightly in the breeze.  Rigid, seamless boots protruded from the hem.  
Duke stood frozen to the spot, shifting his gaze slowly to the four at the outer edge of the group.  Taller than the others, they stood apart, forming a perfect square of protection around the two within.  Powerfully built, muscular and sturdy, they were dressed in uniform of similar colour, in a close fitting, heavy material. 
Duke stared at them.  How tall were they?  Seveneight feet maybe?  Taller even than Meatball and he was almost as big as a man. 
Behind him, Duke heard Spikes muffled whisper.  Who the hell are they?
Then Meatballs whispered reply, What are they
The taller of the two figures stepped toward Duke at that moment, and lowered its gaze to look at him.  Duke looked up into his face.  Shrouded in a metallic hood, he saw a large, noble head with broad-set eyes and rather short nose, the skin of its face strangely iridescent, with an almost leathery texture, like someone whod spent too many years in the sun.  
Struggling to get his breath, Dukes mind whirled.  What now?  By some miracle, theyd escaped the dinosaurswould they now have to fight these creatures?  Who were they?  What were they?  And why werent they doing anything?
Perhaps they didnt have to do anything, perhaps the creatures could kill them simply by looking at them.
Why, he thought, do I always have to do this?  Im stuck out here on my own, fronting up to these odd-balls.  If anything happens, itll be me that gets it
Quaking with fear, he looked back into the eyes that gazed down into his.  The pupils were a deep fiery orange.  As he watched, an eyelid swished rapidly across the eyeball and back again.  
Dukes mouth went dry.
The creature blinked again, lids sweeping across the orange eyes so swiftly he almost missed it.  Swish-swish.
Where
His heart dropped.  A crocodile.  That was where hed seen it before.  On a crocodile.  Crocodile eyes moved in exactly the same way.
But crocodiles were reptiles and these people were standing up
Did you see that?  Meatball had moved to stand behind him.  Dukes head nodded dumbly. 
What are they?  Spike whispered.
Reptilestheyre reptiles  
Docs whisper suddenly sounded very loud.  
Just then, Duke felt pressure on his leg.  He glanced down.  Eds warm spiky body was leaning against his leg as though he were an armchair, and he didnt seem in the least bit bothered by anything that was going on.  Dukes mouth dropped open.  Why wasnt he bothered?
Puzzled, Spike also watched Eds reaction.  What was he doing?  Why wasnt he growling?
What do we do now?  
Meatballs heart was thumping.  Wait, I spose.
For what?  Spike said.  To be bumped off?
His hands were prickling with sweat.
Struggling to keep his voice calm and even, Meatball said, Surely, if they were going to kill us, theyd have done it by now.
Spike looked at the four guards.  Would they?
Meatball swallowed hard.
Slightly ahead of them, Duke stood looking up at the tall, hooded figure.  His heart, bored with mere pounding, had leaped up into his throat and lodged firmly beneath his vocal cords.  Goosebumps appeared on his arms.  One shot, he thought.  One blow with something heavy, thats all it would take.  A jab with something lethal and Im history.  And I havent done anything.
Yet, despite his fears, he didnt feel threatened.   He feltwhat did he feel?  Apprehensive, worried about what might happen, but not threatened.  It wasnt logical, he told himself, he should feel threatened, he should be terrified, but something in the creatures gaze was reassuring.  His mind struggled to understand it.  How could staring into the eyes of a reptile be reassuring?
He smiled suddenly, mostly because he couldnt think of what else to do.  Hopefully, his open friendly look would convey the right impression; hopefully the others wouldnt guess how petrified he was or that he wasnt at all sure what he was doing. 
Stretching himself upright, he took a deep breath and stepped boldly forward.  Crocodiles eat people, the voice in his head kept saying.  Crocodiles eat people.
Closer to the creature, the orange eyes loomed large; the steady gaze almost piercing.  Not threatening, though, Duke told himself.  Not threatening.  Once more, the eyelids swished swiftly across, as the creature stared back, then, turning its head abruptly, it began to communicate with the creatures beside it in short sharp bursts.
Duke held his breath.  Obviously, they were using some form of communication, because their mouths were moving.  He watched their lips, trying to get some idea of what they might be saying, but it was hopeless.  The centre figure was communicating something to his companion, who in turn, gave instruction to the guards, but there was no sound.  
He took comfort in the fact that Ed, who had moved with him and now sat back down beside him, showed no signs of unease or aggression.  Looking down, Duke noticed his long wispy tail was starting to wag.  Why?
A movement made him look up.  At the edge of the group, the guards were beginning to move.  Lofty and erect, two of them separated from the main party and stepped slowly past them to position themselves at the rear of the group.  They seemed huge as they walked past, overshadowing everything else.
Further back, Terri watched as the guards approached.  Despite Eds reaction, she felt distinctly nervous.  Who were these people?  Sly glances at the guard as it passed didnt make her feel any happier.  Lizards had skin like that. 
Beside her, Doc stood nervously, trying to look inconspicuous.  She wasnt the biggest person in the world, and as the guard lumbered by, he looked like a giant.  In her head, she tried to imagine her mums reaction if she could see through the time portal.
In the centre, Spike and Meatball watched as the guards took up their position behind them all.  Swinging around, they were just in time to see the remaining two guards filter outwards to form a larger escort of protection at the front of the group. 
Meatball watched them, at the light bouncing off their glistening skulls, at their enormous shoulders and backs beneath the heavy uniform that fitted like a second skin. 
What happens if those dinosaurs turn up again, and attack us all?  I spose they must be able to do something?
They must have some weapons on them, Spike hissed, theyve got to have, havent they, stands to reason.  
Staring intently at their uniforms, he tried to visualise where it might be possible to conceal a weapon of some kind.  Maybe in that long staff they carriedthe base of it blazed with light and if it was anything like that force field 
 The leading figure interrupted his thought.  Raising its head, it reached up to touch its throat, its lips twitching convulsively as it spoke.
We will take you to the City, where you will be safe from the night hunters.  You have nothing to fear from us, I assure you; we can protect you there.  In the morning, you will be free to do as you wish.
Duke gawped; vaguely aware his mouth had dropped open in surprise like a startled goldfish.  
The leader focused on him.  
We do not have the vocal capabilities to communicate in your language.  However, with the aid of this translating device, it is possible for us to understand one another.
As it spoke, a vein of violet light pulsed around a slender silver band that encircled its throat. 
The leader turned and at its signal, they moved off as a group, two guards leading the way in large strides.  The remaining two guards fell into step behind them.
Sandwiched between the two groups of guards, they travelled on slowly, a little distance behind the leader and his companion, who walked with such grace and fluidity, they seemed almost to float across the ground.  Ed trotted along between them, his huge mouth gaping open, his tongue lolling to one side, panting with the heat.
Its odd, isnt it?  Terri breathed.  The way he walks with them like that.  He doesnt seem worried or anything
Spike didnt answer, but he was watching as Ed loped along quite happily between two strangers.  There had to be an explanation.  The problem was, the only explanations he could think of seemed impossible.
I wish I knew who they were, Doc murmured.
I think well be OK, Duke said, suddenly.  Sounds stupid, I know, but
Stupids the word, Spike muttered.
I cant help thinking, began Meatball, I mean, if they were going to kill us, theyd have done it back there, wouldnt they?  Left us as dinner for the raptors.  They wouldnt bother taking us all the way home.
Might put us in a zoo, Spike countered.  Like were the weirdos.  
Terri glanced up ahead at Ed, still happily by the leaders side.  It was odd, how he had taken to him like that.  Oddyet reassuring somehow.  Ed would never be at ease if he thought Spike was in danger.
Dropping back a little, she fell into step beside him.  Perhaps Duke was right.  Please, let him be right
I wonder where theyre taking us. 
He mentioned some sort of city, Duke said.  So I spose
A city? Meatball interrupted.  A city?  Here?
Hope its not too far, Doc puffed.
Duke quickened his pace to catch up with the figure ahead of them.
Is it far? he asked.  Where you live?  Is it much further?
The leader answered without turning his head or slowing pace.  We will reach it soon.
In silence, they continued on down the hill into the deep basin of the valley, where the air felt thick and cloying, coating their faces.
Reaching down, Meatball grabbed his T-shirt and used it to mop the sweat trickling down his forehead.  Spikes shirt had stuck to his back and he wiped his hands desperately down the leg of his jeans to dry his palms, but it was no use.  
For the first time since theyd met this strange new race, Spike wished they could arrive, so he could get out of the heat.  He looked up ahead to where Ed was still trotting by the leaders side and wished they could stop so he could give Ed a drink.  He must be gasping.
As if the old dog could sense Spikes every thought, Ed turned and trotted back to walk with him, close enough to touch.  Spike poured a little water into his hand as best he could as they walked.
A low mist seemed to be descending now, shrouding the whole valley in ethereal wisps of white as the sky gradually faded through hues of purple, pink and gold, casting eerie shadows across the land.  The air was full of strange cries, echoing off the slopes of the hills.  Over on the horizon, the sun pulsed like a giant orange, cruising steadily out of view and as the sky faded into twilight, the first twinkling stars became faintly visible. 
As they travelled, the robes of the figures striding before them began to glow, softly at first, then steadily brighter as the surrounding light dimmed, bathing the area in soft dappled light.  Mesmerised, they watched as the hems of the creatures long gowns flowed back and forth in shimmering waves like fibre-optic curtains. 
The evening light was almost gone when the party finally slowed and drew to a halt.  The inky blackness of night closed in, the sky revealing its stars in all their brilliant glory. 
In the middle of the group they stood, waiting. 
Terri turned to Spike.  What now? 
Dunno.  He reached around to his bag and felt the comforting outline of the axe handle through the heavy material.
Doc peered ahead, but could see nothing beyond the glistening robes.   
Whats happening?
Perhaps theyre contacting someone, said Meatball.  You know, get them to open the door or something.
Door? What door? There isnt anything.
Maybe were about to find out, Spike said.  Somethings happening over therelook!
It was only a flicker at first, a mere glimpse of light.  And then gradually, from a point high in the air, something began to appear.  The flicker spread, pouring downwards into a thin silver arc, faint glowing beads of light shimmering around the edges.  The silver arc expanded, growing into a long curve, the glowing beads joining to form a gleaming doorframe of light that sent beams splaying across the ground. 
Shielding their eyes, they squinted at the enormous panel standing on the ground, pulsing gently.  
The pulsing stopped and the whole panel dimmed.  Breathlessly they waited as the leader took a step forward.  From a pyramid-shaped emblem on his robe, a shaft of violet light struck the panel, which began to melt, slowly and thickly like molten wax, drawing evenly away from the centre like theatre curtains, as though someone were pulling cords from within.  It moved effortlessly, rolling over itself to collect around the outer edge of the frame where it seemed to disappear, sucked inside.
After a moments pause, the leader signalled to move ahead and they walked slowly through.
I dont like this, Terri murmured.  Once were in there
One of the figures turned to answer her.
Be assured, he said.  You have nothing to fear.  You are safe now.
Yeah, right, Spike muttered.
As they passed through the doorway, he took a closer look at the silver doorframe.  Where the edges had peeled away, the metal was fluid, swirling and contorting in coloured eddies, like a soap bubble.  He peered at it for a moment, and then jumped back with a start, as the folds of silver began to seal the opening behind them, flowing like thick paste toward the ground.  As he watched it, the panel dimmed and melded over into a solid barrier.
This was it then, he thought.  Here we are, insidewherever this is, captured like prisoners.  Maybe for good.  He looked back at the door.  It was like everything else theyd encountered since they left home; solid and impenetrable.  
Reaching into his rucksack, Spike pulled out his bottle of water and looked at it.  A few drops.  Carefully, he unscrewed the lid and poured it into his cupped hand, holding it out for Ed, who lapped at it with his long tongue, sending it everywhere.  Terri bent down to add the little that remained in her bottle, then topped it with the dregs of the bottles offered by the others.  For a minute or two, they watched as Ed slaked his thirst, finishing every drop.
She ruffled the hair on his head and slowly straightened up.  All was quiet; the whole party, even the new faces that surrounded them, seemed to be waiting for Ed to finish.
There was a moments further silence, before the tallest of the robed figures turned to face them.
Welcome to our City.  My name is Arisius.  I am the Prime Sentinel.  This is Signant Opi 
Why are we here?  Spike interrupted.  What dyou want with us?
Terri shoved him.  Spike
What?
Duke looked at The Sentinel and then at Spike.  They rescued us, remember?  From the dinosaurs?
And?
And perhaps we should be a little more grateful, Duke hissed between his teeth.
Spike looked back at him steadily.  We dont know whats going to happen here yet, do we?  How do we know we can trust them?
Hes got a point, Meatball murmured.
Terri touched Spikes arm.  Why dont we listen to what they have to say first.  Look at Ed, hes not bothered 
Yeah, I know.  Spike turned to look at the Sentinel and his companion, who stood a little distance away, quietly watching the proceedings.  In a low voice, he added, And I want to know why.
After a moments silence, the Sentinel said, That is a very intelligent question.  He paused.  One which I look forward to discussing with you at some future date, but for now you may be assured you are safe here, as our honoured guests.  You have had a long and arduous journey and must be in need of rest and refreshment.  If you will permit?
Approaching a doorway, he placed a hand onto a panel in the wall.  A door whispered open and the Sentinel passed through into a corridor.
Duke looked around at the others, drew in a long breath, releasing it slowly to calm his nerves, and stepped through the doorway. 
The corridor stretched out before them, long and wide, with a high arched ceiling and smooth walls of a silver metallic material.  An archway of light blossomed outward along the walls to light the way ahead, moving with them as they walked along, fading behind as they passed onto the next section.
Leaning slightly backwards, Meatball studied the wall closely, following it from the shining floor beneath his feet, up the walls and onto the ceiling, but he was unable to find a single join.  From floor to ceiling, it appeared to flow in one continuous sheet. 
Thats weird, he murmured. 
Doc nodded.  I was looking at that, she said.  Theres no join, is there? And have you seen that light thing?  Its moving with us.
Yes.  Terry put out a hand.  Wowhow clever is this?  Feel it.
Doc ran a hand over the wall.  Its soft, she said.  She pushed a finger gently into it.  It made a small dimple in the fabric of the wall, which popped back as she removed it.  And its warm
Warm...?
Spike put out a hand, letting his fingers run along the wall as they walked along.  It was comfortably warm and soft as skin.  He nodded, slowly. 
 From there, his gaze flickered up toward the ceiling.  Running along the top of the wall, he noticed several crystals set in pattern into the fabric.  Not a random pattern; the stones seemed to be set in a definite order, repeated at intervals along the corridor.  Odd place to have jewels, he thought, maybe they were lights or something
A thought entered his head.  Maybe they were some kind of weapon 
The procession stopped for a moment and he gazed at the stones, tilting his head slightly to look at them from a different angle.  Hold onthat looked familiar
That particular bit, for instance, he was sure hed seen before.  That long line of stones.  Two red, three green, one blue, two eyes, one purpwait a minutetwo eyes?
Zipping back along the line, he went through them again.  Three green, one bluenotwo white.  He must have been mistaken.  Yet, he could have sworn
A faint whispering sound pulled his attention from the crystals.  In front of them, another door had opened, and the Sentinel was leading the way into a large spacious room.  Once through the doorway, he waved a hand through the air.  The walls glowed at once with daylight and a cool breeze wafted gently around them.  As they stepped onto it, the polished floor sank beneath them like soft carpet.
The leader addressed them, the band at its throat pulsing with light.
With your kind permission, I should like to know your names?
Duke was the first to speak.  Im Dukeumthis is Meatball 
Meatball gave a sort of brief wave, and then feeling a bit daft quickly put his hand down again.  
Im Doc, Doc said.
The Sentinel addressed Spike.  And you, I believe, are Spike?
Spike nodded, grudgingly.  The spikes on his head swayed in agreement.  Im Spike, he confirmed.  And this heres Terri.
Thank you.  Rest for a while and Opi will arrange for some refreshment.
That would be most appreciated, Duke said, courteously.  Thank you.
Smiling, the Sentinel nodded and withdrew.
Very posh, Spike muttered, after the door had whispered shut.
Might be better to keep on their good side, said Meatball.  You never know.
Warily, they looked about them.  The room was a perfect circle, with smooth walls of the same skin-like material.  Stroking the wall with her hand, Terri watched her fingers leave temporary trails in the surface.  This is warm, too.
Doc put out a cautious hand towards one of a number of large metallic cubes, positioned around the room.  
What dyou reckon this is? 
Dunno.  Touch it, Spike answered.  See what happens.
You touch it. 
Spike shrugged.  OK.  Walking across to another cube, he put out his hand to touch the surface.  It felt warm and yielded to the shape of his hand.
Its really weird, he said.  Like warm clay, but its not sticky.  He pushed his hand deeper into it and then pulling it free, checked it and slowly sat himself into the centre of the cube.  Immediately, it moulded itself to his body shape and supported him.  Here, check this out!  
In a jumble, they threw themselves onto the remaining cubes in a variety of weird and wonderful positions, leaning to one side and then the other.
Whoa - 
Meatball gave a little cry as he leaned too far one way and nearly ended up on the floor.
Terri lay almost flat in the cube, which had ballooned out to support her entire length, and crossed her ankles.  This is fantastic.
For a few moments they simply sat there, looking about them, then after a while, Duke pushed himself up and out of his cube and walked across the room to stare through a small panel in the door.
Dyou know, its odd, he said.  But I keep feeling as though were being watched.
So do I, said Meatball.  Ive had that feeling since we came through that doorway thing.
Terri chewed her lip, thoughtfully. 
Dyou know something thats been puzzling me? she said.  Why werent they afraid of us?  I mean, not afraid exactly, but how did they know we wouldnt harm them?  Dyou think they knew we had weapons on us?
Dont think theyd be too worried about a baseball bat, Duke murmured, still trying to peer through the door.  Not when theyve got force fields and stuff like that.
Spike had leaped up from his cube and was now checking his bag.  Well, Ive still got my axe, he said.  They couldnt have known.
They must know, said Doc.  Theyre probably not doing anything about it, because they could disarm us at a stroke if they wanted too.
And I still think its odd, Spike said, pointing toward Ed, who was busy making himself at home on one of the chairs, which had miraculously adapted itself to his body shape, That Ed didnt attack them.  Why didnt he take a chunk out of one of their legs?  He didnt even growl or anything.
He spent half the journey walking next to them, Doc said.  Thats not like Ed.
Turning away from the door, Duke rubbed his chin.  Its almost as if, he whispered, they knew we were coming.
But thats not possible.  We didnt know ourselves.  How could they know?
With a snap of her fingers, Terri said, TV!  Thats the answer; its got to be.  Theyve been watching us all the time!
Would they have TV?
Course, theyre bound to have TV.  They probably dont call it that, they probably call itoh, I dunno, but you cant tell me they can have something like that panel thing and this lot and not TV.
Shes right, Duke said.  That would explain how they knew wed arrived.  Perhaps theyve got TV everywhere.  Perhaps, he added, peering around, theyre monitoring us right now.
He glanced up at the ceiling, looking for any sign of a lens. 
And I bet you wouldnt be able to see the cameras, he went on.  Anything could be a camera.  That light, that plant thingy
He nodded at a stout vine, which was creeping around a box in the centre of the floor.
It could even be in that door handle.
Or maybe
They stopped abruptly.  Opi had entered the room and was now standing, watching them.  His mouth moved in jerks as the purple vein pulsed across his throat and almost simultaneously translated,  I trust you have all rested?  I have arranged that some food and drink be brought to you shortly.  And then the Sentinel will take you to the Elder.  He will have many questions to ask you.
With a bound, Terri prised herself from the cube and sprang to her feet.  The cube reformed behind her. 
But wewe dont know anything, she said.
Opi smiled reassuringly.  Our Elder merely wishes to ask you some questions.  We Ishmecs are a peaceful race.
Really, Spike retorted.  Then why are you watching us?
Watching - 
You mean were not being monitored?  Duke said.  There are no cameras in here?
Opi looked blank. 
None whatsoever, why should -
Im not talking about in here, Spike said.  Im talking about out there, in the corridor.
If it was possible, Opi looked even blanker.  Out there?  
On the wall! said Spike.  And dont tell me there was nothing in those holes.
Holes?
Meatball stared at him.  What holes? 
Opi stood silently for a moment, as if thinking.  Over on his seat, Ed looked up, and his tail started to wag.  A moment later, the door opened, and Arisius entered.  He looked at Opi and then at their guests.
Is there a problem? he asked.
Sentinel, one of our guests insists
I know what I saw, Spike interrupted.  And two of the holes were eyes.



THIRTEEN

In the City



The Sentinels gaze focused steadily on Spike. 
Holes? he repeated.
Spike nodded.  
Where the crystals were, he said.  On the wall out there.  I saw them.  Two of them werent crystals, they were eyes.
The Sentinels forehead creased into a frown.  Eyes.
Yep.  Eyes, Spike repeated.  In those holes -
Hang on, Spike.  Doc put a hand on his arm.  They look as mystified as we are.
The deep orange eyes of the Prime Sentinel regarded Spike for a moment longer and then he spoke.
Your opinion, if you will, Signant Opi.  He turned to address his guests.  With your kind permission.
They moved away and conversed for a few moments in their own tongue, then the Sentinel activated the translator at his throat.
It would appearit would appear that the eyes that you saw were those of my son.
Your son? 
Arisius nodded.  Yes.  My son.  His name is Jophan.  He has obviously been apprised of your arrival and Im afraid he is inclined to be rather inquisitive.  He means no harm.
Addressing Opi, he added,  I thank you for your time, Opi.  You may return to your other duties.
Crossing both hands in a respectful gesture, Opi bowed to them all and left the room.
Then it was your son who was watching us? Duke asked. 
The Prime Sentinel looked stern.  It would appear so.  They were overheard in discussion.  I can only apologise for their discourtesy.
They? 
My son, Jophan and my daughter, Neeza.  I regret any distress they may have caused you, but these are difficult times for them.
His expression changed.  I must leave you now.  There are urgent matters that require my attention.  I shall return to escort you once you have eaten.
He strode imperially out of the room, his noble head held high, his long robes swirling about his feet. 
Jophan and Neeza, Meatball repeated thoughtfully, as the door swished shut.  Wonder what theyre like?
Like little ones of them, I spose, said Spike.
Not what they look like, what theyre like.  You know, what theyre like.
Doc sat back down on one of the cubes.  Well, theyre not going to be like us in any way, are they?  Stands to reason.
Terri nodded.  Theyre bound to be odd-looking.  She lowered her voice to a whisper.  I mean, come on, they are a bit odd-looking, arent they?
You can say that again.
Weird
Terri put a hand onto one of the cubes, pressed it, and then cautiously sat down.  I suppose, she said, after a moments thought, I mean, we are going to be all right, are we?
It was an open question, a thought spoken aloud.  The same thought that was troubling them all, lurking at the back of their minds.
Meatball sat down beside her.  I dontwell, you know  
He looked at them, his head shaking vaguely.  Im not getting any kind of feeling about themor this place
To anyone else, this statement wouldve meant nothing, but his friends knew better.  No one knew how, or why, but there were times when Meatball had a kind of sixth sense about things; a gut feeling that had warned them on more than one occasion.
And then theres Ed, Duke pointed out.  They looked across to where Ed lay, dozing peacefully.  Theres no way Ed would be at ease like that.  If you were in danger, Spike
If any of us were, Spike said.  He frowned.  Theres something odd about that
Its reassuring, though, Doc said, a little too hastily.  I mean, the fact that hes not botheredmaybe
They fell silent, trying to calm their beating hearts.
I wonder when well get to meet them, Duke said, breezily.  Those two otherswhat did he say their names were?
Jophan, said Meatball.  And Neeza.  Dunno. Suppose they must be about somewhere.
Perhaps they keep them locked up during the day, Spike said, still unconvinced.  Just let them out at night.
Terri looked at him.  Sometimes, she thought.  Dont be stupid.
You never know.
Shouldnt think so.  Duke tried hard to sound convincing, but his mind was in turmoil.  Common sense was telling him to panic, but his head kept telling him not to.  The look in that creatures eyes
They may be all right, Doc said.  They could be just like us.  Well, not exactly like us, obviouslytheyll have those funny eyes n that
And lizard heads, Spike interrupted.  
We are normal.
The voice came out of nowhere.  A new voice, pitched higher than the other creatures.  A younger voice.  
With a start, they swung around, but saw no one there.  Twisting in their seats, they stared around the walls, searched the ceiling, but there was nothing.
Did you hear that?
Where did it come from?
I dont like this, Terri murmured.  Theres no one there
Duke took a deep breath.  Hhello?
No reply. 
They huddled closer together, apprehensively, trying to watch everywhere at once.
Duke took another breath.  Hello
A slight noise.
There!  The wall!  There!  Terri pointed to the wall opposite.  It moved!  Im telling you, it moved!
They squeezed closer together.  Crouching a little, Spike reached for his rucksack, grabbing the handle of the axe through the material.
Across the room, Ed rose to his feet, stretched, and padded across to the wall, where he stood, sniffing.
Theres something there, Spike growled.  Deftly, he unzipped the bag, reached in, and pulled out the axe.  With a set expression, he walked over to the wall.  Duke and Meatball followed.
I dunno where you are, he said.  But you better come out.
The wall stilled, but there was no response.
Duke looked down at Ed.  His tail was wagging.
You can come in, he said.  Where are you?
Here, present, said a voice.
Suddenly there it was, poking through the wall, as if mounted on display.  A smaller, shimmering reptilian head, the edges of the wall fitted close round its neck like a collar.  Two reddish-brown eyes were looking at them with interest.  As they watched, eyelids swished across.
Blimey!
The head stared at them.  It is permitted that I enter?
Duke looked at the others.  Um.yeah, he said, vaguely.  Yeah, I suppose so
The creature, dressed simply in a basic version of the guard uniform, eased itself through the surface of the wall and stepped neatly into the room.  Behind it, the wall blended immediately, leaving no evidence of its entrance.
Meatball gazed at the wall.  Thats unbelievable, he said.  How did you do that?
The creature blinked, then answered simply,   I think about it.
Who are you?  Doc asked.
Spike answered for him.  Jophan, thats who he is.  
He took a step closer, studying the reptilian creature, which turned its head to look at him.  Thats who you are, isnt it?
I am he, the creature confirmed. 
Fascinated, Terri, too, moved a little closer.  Yourfather told us he had a son called Jophan. 
Did he not mention me? said another voice.  They swung around to see a second creature, similarly dressed, with a smaller and slightly rounder head, pierce the surface of the wall.  Further down, a foot appeared, followed by the rest of the body.  Once again, the wall blended behind it without trace.
Of course he mentioned you, Jophan said, glancing over his shoulder, but only after hed mentioned me.
You must beNeeza? Terri asked. 
I am Neeza, she said.  She stared hard at them, and then turning to Jophan, she added,  I told you they would be of strange form.
It is discourteous to mention their appearance, he hissed.  Father says one must be tolerant of difference.
The slender band at her throat pulsed with light.  They were discourteous.
Jophan waved a hand to dismiss her comment.  One must make allowance for creatures of lesser intellect.
Yeah, Spike muttered.  One must. 
Neeza moved across to Terri and stretched her hand slowly out to touch Terris cheek. 
Your skin, she murmured.  It has anunusual texture
Its called smooth where we come from, Terri said.
Neezas gaze moved on to her hair.  And there, she said, pointing at Terris springy curls.  What is that?  That substance that sprouts randomly from your headwhat purpose does it serve?
Its called hair. It keeps my head warm. 
Neeza nodded slowly.  I can see that could be useful.
Sitting down on one of the cubes, Jophan sat bolt upright, adopting the same air of authority as his father.  At his throat, violet light travelled swiftly around a slim band.
How are you known? he demanded.
Meatball and Duke introduced themselves.  And this, said Duke, is Doc.  Shes the brains of the 
team
And Im Spike, Spike cut in.  And over there, thats Terri.
And what is this? 
Ed had wandered over and now sat by Jophan, sniffing his leg.  Lifting his huge head, he put out his long slobbery tongue and licked Jophans face.
Startled, Jophan threw himself backwards.
What is it? 
Hes my dog, Spike said.  My friend.  He wont hurt you.  That means he likes you.
Lifting his hand, Jophan gently wiped his face, and then hesitantly he reached out and rested it on Eds broad, spiky head, sliding his fingers through the dogs silky coat.
I like him too, he breathed. 
Cautiously, Neeza moved a little nearer.  Ed lifted his head and licked her fingers.  A slow smile spread across Neezas face and she put out her hand and softly stroked Eds back.
We have a rock-crawler, she said.  We call it Ly.  Jophan keeps it in the agripen, but Father does not know, it is not permitted.
Mention nothing more, someone is coming!
Duke glanced behind him at the door, still firmly closed.  How dyou know?
Jophan was already on his feet, grabbing Neezas hand and in an instant, they had bounded toward the wall, fallen against it and been swallowed.  It had barely healed behind them, when the door breathed open and Opi stepped into the room.  He was carrying a large platter, set with a meal, which he placed on the cube before them.  Around the edges, the cube formed a small ridge that crept over the platter to grasp it.  
Duke thanked him.
You are most welcome, said Opi.  He hesitated, his attention veering towards the wall opposite.
Turning, they, too, stared at the wall, but it remained smooth and still, showing no sign of disturbance.  Opis gaze lingered on the wall for a second or two longer, and then he turned and left the room.
Moments later, a head reappeared.
Hes gone, Spike whispered.
Jophans head jerked in Spikes direction.  He will have detected our presence. 
Beside him, Neezas head broke through the wall and looked across at him.  Perhaps it was unwise to borrow these -
She pushed her hand through and pointed to the translator bands at their throats. 
They were necessary.  How else were we to communicate?  Jophan demanded.  Their speech is beyond our comprehension.
Will you be in trouble?
Jophan gave a quick shake of his head and pushed back through the wall.  
It is of no consequence, he said, brushing the thought aside.  The wall bowed outward as Neeza followed him through into the room.
That is not what Father will say.
How will he know?  Seeing her look, he added, Opi will not tell him.
Neeza settled herself on one of the cubes.  Opi has looked after us since we were small, she said.  He does not tell Father everything.
Father isnt strict, Jophan put in, defensively, but he has many things on his mind.  He walked across and put a hand out to touch Spikes hair.  It is very strange, thishair.  Why is yours unlike the others?
I put stuff on it, Spike said.  Makes it stick up.
Jophans head nodded slowly.  I seefor defencesome of the land-walkers have similar adornments
Spike gave him a look.  
Dyou know what this is? 
Terri was scrutinizing the small cakes of various shapes and colour on the platter.
I was wondering that, said Meatball.  He picked up one of cakes and sniffed it.  Smells alright
It will smell of whatever you wish, Neeza said, brightly.  It will taste of whatever you wish also.
Dukes eyes lit up.  Will it?  I mean, it will?
Taste is selective, Jophan said.  One has only to decide.
Doc and Duke picked up some of the cakes, turning them over in their fingers.  They had the consistency of soft fudge.  Squeezing one at the centre, Doc watched with curiosity as it changed colour, then back again as it slowly reformed.
What dyou reckon?
Meatball was hovering over the plate, trying to ignore the rumble of his stomach.  What dyou reckon, he asked again, shall we chance it?
They looked at one another, waiting for someone to take the first bite.
In a flash, Jophan reached across to the platter, selected one, bit off a piece, chewed slowly and swallowed.   His expression was open; he seemed to be saying, You see?  I live!
Hes alright, Duke whispered.
Yeah, but hes a reptile, Spike hissed.  How do we know?
Well, Eds all right, Meatball said.  And hes just eaten a load.  The groans of his stomach were getting too loud to ignore.  Im gonna give it a go.
With that, he scooped up a cake and popped it into his mouth.
The others watched with baited breath as he slowly chewed, then smacked his lips.  Hes only right, isnt he, he said.  this one tastes like cheeseburger
Never
Youre not serious!
It doesnt taste like burger, Spike said, plucking up the courage to take a bite, it tastes like pizza.
Youre having a laugh
Spike pushed one under Terris nose.  Try it if you dont believe me!
Doc was savouring the delicious taste of chicken.  Mmmthis is fantastic
It is as we described?  Neeza asked.
Its reallynice, Duke spluttered.  Im starving
Me n all, said Meatball.  He offered the platter to Jophan and Neeza.  You want one?
Exchanging glances, Jophan and Neeza leaned across to grab a cake each.
They finished the first selection, and were on a voyage of discovery through the second, when Jophan suddenly stiffened and sat up straight and alert.
We must leave you now, he said.  Come Neeza.
Taking her hand, he led her towards the wall, melting through to disappear.  
Over on a long seat, Ed had finished enjoying a meal of his own and was now quietly dozing.  Suddenly, he lifted his head and pricked his ears, then rose slowly to his feet and started wagging his tail.
Funny how he does that, Doc said.  Have you noticed he always seems to do it just before
There was a slight sigh, the door opened, and Arisius stepped into the room and approached them; his words rapidly translated.
The Elder is extremely frail, and tires easily, but is most anxious to speak with you, he said.  If you will accompany me?
Duke eased himself upright from one of the cubes.  The others stood beside him, trying not to show the trepidation they felt.  
Of course, Duke said.  Umwhere - 
The Stateroom.  If you will follow me?
Once out of the room, Arisius led them slowly along an illuminated corridor, through a set of ornate doors and into a vast chamber, then up a shimmering curve of crystal steps and onto the galleried landing, where several others sat engrossed in their work.  They looked up momentarily as Ed loped by on long, gangly legs. 
At two enormous doors, the procession finally halted.  On either side of the doorway stood a guard, tall and broad, dressed in uniform of purple and silver.  They were, without doubt, the biggest men Meatball had laid eyes on, and at the sentinels approach, they snapped sharply to attention.  
Suddenly they were through, into the biggest indoor space they had ever seen; a staggering sight, a sight that stopped them in their tracks.  The Stateroom.
A vast, seemingly endless expanse of floor, walls that went on and on with no sight of a join or connection.  Heavy columns dotted the room, supporting the massive ceiling that arched into a clear dome stretching the whole length of the room, giving a startling crystal clear view of the night sky.  In silent awe, they gawped at it, dark and majestic, dusted with bright stars and planets, some radiant with light, others merely white pinpricks on a background of deep blue velvet. 
Terri dragged in a long gasp.  Look at it -
Ahead of them, Arisius signalled to wait while he walked across to an elderly figure seated in a chair beside a desk.  The figure bent so close to the desktop that at first they thought he was asleep, but at a gentle summons from Arisius, he lifted his head.
Serene Elder, these are the children of whom we spoke.  This is Duke. 
Duke stepped forward. 
How do you do, sir, he said.
The Elder smiled weakly.  The skin on his face, though of similar texture, was looser, thinner, and slower to respond.  Huddled in his chair, he sat with shoulders stooped.  Two deep-set caramel coloured eyes peered at them from under heavy brow bones.
The Elders sight is poor, Arisius explained.  He bent to assist the elderly Ishmec to straighten upright.  These are Dukes friends, he said, waving a hand in their direction.  This is Meatballthis is Docand here are Terri and Spike.
The Elders face creased into a weak smile.
A warm welcome to you all, he said.  Soyou are Spike?  Come a little closer.
Spike obeyed.
Ahyes!  He reached out a wasted hand to touch Spikes hair.  My grandson describes it perfectly.  Quite fascinating!
Youre Jophan and Neezas grandfather? asked Spike.
The old man nodded.  I hold that honour.  He gestured towards some seats.
Come, sit with me, he said.  Tell me about yourselves.
They settled themselves beside him.
Ed circled once or twice and flopped to the floor.
Firstly, the Elder began, how did you get here?
Through a time portal, Spike answered, simply.
The old man expressed no surprise.  
A time portal?  He nodded.  Yes, I know of their existence.  But to venture into such a thing was very courageous and could have been extremely dangerous.  What made you attempt it?
We wereum  
Duke looked at them all.
Tell them, said Doc.
Yes, go on, Terri urged.  They may know what hes up to.
Duke related the whole story.  Eds recovery of the bone, Spike and Terris trip to Gullivans cowshed and the strange things they found.
And then there was this silver ball, Spike said.
A ball?  The old mans response was immediate.  A silver ball, you say?
Yes.
Was it about this big? asked Arisius, cupping his hands into the rough shape of a globe.
Ive got a picture of it!
 Delving into his pocket, Spike produced his mobile phone, flicking through until he came to a photo of the ball.  Here you go, look, this is it.
Arisius stepped forward to peer at the tiny screen.  Yesyes, this is the one - 
Doc went on to explain how Terri had opened it and Meatball had managed to decode the diary entries.
Well done indeed.  The old man nodded.  You did not exaggerate your abilities.  That ball belongs to me; the voice you heard is mine
Spike continued to flick through the pictures.  Think I might have a picture of the bone somewhere.
One moment -
Arisius was staring at the screen.  That image therenoback a littlethat one.  He tapped the screen gently with a finger.  That one thereof whom is that a likeness?  
Spike glanced down at the tiny photograph of Cornelius Gullivan leaving the cowshed. 
Thats Gullivan, he said.  Thats the man we told you about.  The one we followed through the portal.
Arisius looked back at the photograph and studied it carefully.
The Elder looked up.  What is it?
This image fits the description of the man for whom we have been searching, Father.  He turned to address them.  A man fitting this description has been seen several times, digging in the caves in the valley.  We believe he may also be responsible for a cowardly attack on my father and two of our guards, but this assumption is unsubstantiateduntil nowthe ballit was in this mans possession?
Spike found it on his property, Duke said.  And the golden band.
Then it would appear to be a strong possibility, said the Elder.  One of our guards saw him enter a cave and he did not reappear.  This caveit is the time portal you mention?
Duke nodded.
The Elder put a hand on his sons arm.  Then this man is beyond our reach.
He paused to draw breath.  Turning to his guests, he said, I have a request to make of you.  You may feel this a great impositionand if it were not for the urgency of the situation, I would not ask it.  The ball you found is of great importance to our people.  There is much vital data contained within it.  From all you tell me - 
He paused again.  The capability to use a time portal is not available to us, it is not written.  Clearly, you are bestowed with such ability.  May I ask that you return to your own time and bring the ball back to me?  We will ensure safe escort to the portal - 
Dukes heart skipped a beat.  Bring it back?  Return?
Um.
Return?
Terris whisper echoed in the silence that followed.
Spike stood up.  We dont know, he said.  The thing is, weve been back once.  Home, I mean - 
He looked around at his friends.  But we dont know if it will work againwe may not
We may not be able to return, Duke finished.  
It was done.  All through the journey, that thought had lingered and now finally he had spoken his fear, the same fear that haunted them all, though speaking the words had done little to diminish it.  Rising shakily to his feet, he added, Wed like to help, of course - 
In the pocket of her jeans, Docs fingers rested on the small pieces of tropical leaf she had gathered for analysis.  A total waste of time, she thought, if we cant get home again
We could be stuck here, she said, bluntly, her eyes downcast.  For good.
The Elder stared quizzically at her, a slight sparkle in his eyes.  I do not seek to minimise the danger, and of course, one must consider all possibilities.
I dont want to consider it, Terri croaked. I dont want to consider anything.  I just
Well do it.
The interruption came from the quiet figure of Meatball, still seated behind them.  As they turned, he gave a sigh and stood up.  Calmly, he said, Well give it a go.
Meatball
I think we have to try, he said, with another sigh.  I dont know why, but I think we have to.
Terri seized his arm.  But the dream
He answered her, his head nodding slowly all the while, as if it was out of his control.  I know, he said.  I know about the dream.  I see it every time I close my eyes, but I feel we should do it.  He looked across at Duke.  At least try
Duke looked back at him, then at the faces of the others, and made a decision.  Well do it, he said.  He turned to face Arisius and the Elder.  We will do our best for you.
We can ask no more and we are deeply indebted to you, Arisius said.  His deep orange eyes flickered.  If you will permit, however, we have one further request - 
The children waited expectantly.
We can try, Duke began, whatever it is
In the attack upon my Father, his two guards were killed.  We have located the body of one, our colleague, Lomo, but were unable to locate the other
 He swallowed.
From the description you have given us of the bone, it seems likely that Gullivan has killed Guloc also and for some reason of his own, dragged the body back through to your time
But why would he do that?  Doc asked.  Why not leave it in this time and letwell, you know
She wrung her hands, apologetically.
Arisius smiled down at her.  Logic is nothing to be ashamed of. 
Spike seemed faintly puzzled.  It seems obvious to me, he said.  Gullivan bops him or shoots him or something, right?  But Gulocs only wounded, isnt he, so he follows Gullivan into the cave.  And then, just as Gullivans going through the portal, Guloc grabs him 
Spikes arms shot out and round as though encompassing a large body.  
Round the waist or somethingand in a panic Gullivan drags him through.  For some reason all he comes out with are bones.  I dunno, perhaps 
He pushed out his bottom lip while he considered the options.  Perhaps nothing living from this time can go through or something.  Anyway, he buries the bones.  Simple.  He doesnt want anyone finding bones on our side or he might get found out.  And someone else might discover the time portal and he definitely doesnt want that.
The Elder leaned back in his chair, his head nodding slowly.  Sound reasoning.
A very definite possibility, Arisius agreed.  Whatever the circumstances or the reason, it is important that we find our colleagues body.  It is our belief that a blessing read over the remains frees the spirit.  We only ask that should you locate him, you will spare a moment to say the words we give you as a blessing.
His voice was stiff with emotion.
Duke stepped forward. 
Sir, he said.  It would be an honour.
It sounded silly and proper and completely over the top, but for once Spike could only listen in admiration. 
The following day, they set off at dawn for the journey home, while the air was still cool and moist and the sun barely visible on the horizon.  An escort party, led by Arisius and Opi, walked with them.  
As they walked, they talked with their new friends about lots of things; Gullivan, Mr Price, football, and even school, but no one mentioned the portal.  No one mentioned it, because no one wanted to think of the obvious.  
What if this time, there was no way back?


FOURTEEN

Gullivan Plans


In the attic of his cottage, Gullivan raised his shotgun to eye level and centred the sight on the head before him.
Gently, his fingers closed around the trigger.  Two black eyes looked back at him, a black whiskered nose sniffing inquisitively at the end of the barrel.
After a moments thought, he lowered the gun, broke it and hung it over the crook of his arm.
I guess we arent so different, he muttered.  Were both scavengers.   After a bit of a different prize though, eh?
The large black rat hesitated for a moment, and then scampered off into the shadows.
Gullivan turned and picked up the glass of amber liquid.   
Heres to scavenging, he growled, lifting the glass high into the air. 
He took a large swig and brought the glass down with a clink against his latest acquisition.  
And heres to Mother Nature, he cried.  God bless er!
Throwing back his head he began to laugh.  Things were going to be a hell of a lot different for him from now on.
These latest hauls were going to set him up for life.  Rich he was going to be, rich beyond his wildest dreams, rich enough to get away from anything and anyone.  For good.
Hed go somewhere no one would ever find him and even if they did, so what?  With his wealth he could employ his own security force.
He hadnt really wanted to go back a third time yesterday, but that new cave had yielded the sort of rocks that left the others in the shade.
Walking across the room, he grabbed the table leg and shoved it to one side, then lifted the carpet and sank his hand into the well beneath.  Inside the well lay a soft velvet bag.  His fingers closed around the bag and lifted it clear of the hole, and then moving across to his desk, he opened it and tipped out its contents.
A collection of stones of various shapes and sizes tumbled onto the blotter.
You little beauties are going to make me a good bit of pocket money.  In the right places, of course.
He hummed quietly to himself as he turned them over.  He knew just the right places.  He laughed.  Thorpes face was going to be a picture when he showed him this lot.  His bloody eyes would pop out.  Hed try to hide it of course, looking all smug and superior as usual, but Gullivan knew that look.
A great sigh of satisfaction swelled in his chest.  Swinging his feet up onto the desk, he leaned back in his chair and relaxed, dreaming of his new life, the life that these little babies would buy him.  Somewhere warm and quiet, where a tranquil blue ocean lapped against silver sands.  Somewhere in the Caribbean, basking in the sunshine
Another rat leapt up and sent the stones flying.  This time he didnt hesitate.
Blast you, you stupid rodent, he yelled, and picked up his knife.  That was one less rat to trouble him.  If only brats were so easy to deal with.



FIFTEEN

Gulocs Body


Standing once again outside the entrance to the cave, Spike dragged the back of his hand across his forehead, smearing the sweat that was threatening to run down his nose.  The sun was now rising, beating mercilessly down on the small plateau, where the five of them stood bidding their last farewells to Arisius, Opi and the guards.
I pray your journey home is without incident, Arisius said.  You must take great care.  If the danger is too great for you to return, then we will understand.  You must not put your own lives at risk.
If it is possible, we will bring the ball to you, sir, Duke told him.  And complete the other task you requested.
Arisius bowed to them all.  We are indebted to you.
With a last wave, they turned and walked inside the cave where the air was still cool and damp, not yet heated to oppressive warmth by the sun.  Their hearts were pounding as they retrieved the winter garments they knew theyd need from a secluded hiding place and slipped them on in readiness.
 Thats not going to be a whole lot of use if we come out at the Battle of Hastings, Meatball commented, watching as Spike pulled his phone from his jeans and dropped it into his coat pocket.
Well be all right, Spike answered, with more confidence than he felt.
They walked deeper into the cave and stood staring at the wall.  It looked what it was: solid barriers of grey rock, forged millions of years before by Nature.
It still doesnt look like a doorway, Terri said.  It just looks like rock.
I know, said Spike.  But it looked like rock before and we got back all right.
As he spoke, he glanced across at Duke and Meatball, exchanging thoughts.  What if
Well, I dont know about anybody else, Duke said.  But I fancy pizza when we get back.
Ive already had a load, Meatball chipped in.  He patted his capacious stomach.  But theres always room for a bit more.
Spike wiped his hands nervously on his jeans.  
Come on then, he said.  Lets go.
Grabbing Terris arm, he walked her straight towards the wall.  Ed followed, with Duke, Doc and Meatball close behind and in a breath they found themselves back in the familiar snowy landscape.
Spike didnt stop to analyse what had happened or why.  He simply kept walking with the others, onwards across the bridge and down the path.  He couldnt hesitate, he couldnt stop moving, even for a moment, not until they were standing once more in Meatballs basement, because if he had everyone wouldve realised how close hed come to fainting with relief that the portal had worked for a second time.
Now, said Duke, briskly, before anyone could dwell on it, wheres the ball?
I left it in that box over here.  Meatball walked across to a cardboard box next to the computer and peered into it.  There it was, still innocently shimmering, cleverly camouflaging everything it contained.  With some relief, Meatball stooped to pick it up.  After the last twenty-four hours, it wouldnt have surprised him to find that the ball had floated away of its own accord.
Taking it from Meatballs hands, Duke held it for a moment, sensing its importance.
So, he thought, this wonderful thing belongs to the Elder.  His voice, his thoughts and, if what theyd been told was true, his fate.  His fate and that of all his people.
Jophan and Neeza, Arisius and Opi, their families and friendsseveral thousand people about to be wiped out by a monumental lump of space rock, unless they could finish the ship in time and leave Earth for a new home.
Duke tried hard not to think of that actually happening.  It couldnt happen, it mustnt happen.  Somehow or other, they had to help the Ishmecs leave this planet, even if it was this planet 65 million years in the past.  His grip tightened as he walked across and placed the ball carefully into a rucksack, sliding the zip shut.
Just pray we dont lose it, he said, quietly.
Spike looked up from studying his watch.  We wont, he said.  Whens the pizza coming?
Be about ten minutes, called Terri.
So, Doc sprawled on a chair to wait.  What time are we going back then?
Well, the way I see it, it doesnt really matter much, Spike said.  Leastways, not here.  It might matter back there I suppose, especially after what they told us.
Duke frowned at him.  What do you mean it doesnt matter much here? 
Surely one of you noticed? Spike said, tapping his watch,  About the time?  
He paused expectantly, waiting for an answer that didnt come.  Were hardly losing any, he stressed, wearily.
We arent? 
Doc pulled out her pocket watch and flipped open the case.  Hes right!  
Ive been keeping a check on it, Spike continued, And we came out today only a short time after we went in.
Terri shook her watch and put it to her ear, to see if it was still going.  Which means what? 
Well I dunno, said Spike, but it makes you think, doesnt it?  It could mean the portals changing or something.
You mean it could be on the blink?  If we go back, we could be stuck there?
Well, I dont know about that, but I cant help wondering if thats why Gullivans back and forth like a headless chicken.  Perhaps he knows something we dont.
He cant do.  He wouldnt be stupid enough to keep going backwards and forwards
Duke looked up.  Hes not stupid enough to take that sort of risk.
Hes not stupid, hes ruthless, said Doc.
Spikes fingers closed into a fist.  Hes evil, he said.  And if hes going back there, so am I.
We have to go back, whatevers happening to the portal, Duke said.  And we dont even know anything is.  Praps weve made a mistake on the times.  The Elder needs that ball and we said wed take it back. We dont want him thinking were all like Gullivan.
I dont mind going on my own, Spike volunteered.
Nope, said Duke.  Its like I said, if one goes we all go.  Agreed?
Im there, said Meatball.
Count me in, Doc said.
Terri?
Terri waited a moment before replying, and then slowly raised her head.  Of course.
Ive been thinking about the Ishmecs, Meatball said.  About everything they told us on the way back to the portal.  Knowing that asteroid is on its way.  If they cant get off the planet in time
Duke cleared a space for the pizza.  They have to.
They may not, Doc said.  You heard what they said about the ship.  Its still nowhere near ready.
I cant imagine how must it feel.  You know, to know you could beI mean, what on earth would you do?
The question stunned them all into thought.
Well, one thing Id do, Terri said, Is eat chocolate till it came out of my ears.
My mumd make me put on clean underwear, I expect, Meatball muttered.
Doc sighed in agreement.  Yep, that sounds like my mum nall.
You cant go croaking it in dirty underwear, joked Spike.
And wash your face and hands, said Terri, you cant go meeting that Grim Reaper bloke looking all grubby.  
They chuckled for a while and then slowly the smiles faded from their faces.
Its not funny, is it, Meatball said at last.
Duke stared down at his trainers.  No, he muttered, it isnt.
Upstairs, the ring of the doorbell echoed in the hallway and Meatball disappeared to answer it, returning with steaming boxes.
Spike stood up.  Dont know about you lot, he declared.  But if theres anything I can do, Im doing it.
Me too, said Meatball.  Pizza first?
Spike reached across for one of the steaming boxes.  Best idea youve had all day.
Meatball tore a piece from the pizza, rolled it around several wedges, and took a large bite.  Wont take me a minute to finish this lot.
Id better finish this one off, Duke said, grabbing three pieces.  They look lonely.
Doc and Terri stared at them.  
Any chance you pigs are going to leave any for us? they asked, pulling another of the boxes within their grasp before it disappeared.
Sorry, laughed Meatball. We cant help it if youre too slow.  Survival of the fittest.  He swallowed more pizza.  Here, Ive just had a thought.  What if we meet Gullivan coming back?  
Spike punched his hand with his fist.  Then hell get a faceful of this.
Duke looked down at the pizza box on the floor and stamped on it, twisting his heel into the cardboard.  Gullivans got a lot to answer for.  I wish I knew what he was after in those caves.
You mean what hes bringing back in that sack, Terri said. 
Whatever it is, he has to be stashing it back at his place somewhere.  We know it wasnt with all the other stuff in the trunk, so he must be keeping it indoors.  In the house maybe.   And thats got to be our first job anyway, I promised Arisius Id look for the remains of that other guard.
And I bet, Spike said.  If we go to Gullivans place now with Ed and the bone, hell be able to find him.  He leaned down to pat Ed on the head knowing he could rely on him.
The bone   
Doc gasped.  Course.  Were going to need that.  Well have to nip home and get it.  Wont take a minute.
Duke nodded.  OK.  Thats settled.  You, Spike and Terri can take Ed to find the bones.  While youre doing that, Meatball and I will search Gullivans place for any signs of the loot hes been bringing back.
It was agreed.  They tucked the precious ball, safely zipped in Dukes rucksack, out of sight beneath Meatballs desk, and then they wrapped themselves warmly and left.
Dyou know, whatever Gullivans getting, its got to be small, Terri said, as they stomped across the snowy field some time later on their way to Solomon, the mighty oak.  Whats small and very valuable?  It must be worth a lot or Gullivan wouldnt be risking his neck.
I reckon its gold, Meatball murmured, Got to be.  Stands to reason.
Not necessarily, Doc said.  She paused to empty her shoes.  Terri stopped to do the same.  I mean, loads of things are in caves, it might be
Here it is!
The huge dark silhouette of Solomon loomed up ahead of them.  Quickly, they opened the trunk and stepped inside. 
Doesnt look as though hes about, Meatball murmured, pulling out the binoculars and pushing them through the gap at the side of the panel in Solomons trunk.  Carefully, he scanned the field.  No sign of him.  I reckon its safe.
Terri flicked a cobweb from her face.  Perhaps hes gone back through the portal.
Or he could have seen us coming, Doc said, staring at an extraordinary multi-legged creature that was making its way down Dukes back.  He could be waiting for us with a shotgun.
Terri frowned at her.  For crying out loud, Doc!  Dyou know any good news?  I hope to God I never get stranded on a desert island with you, Id probably cut my throat.
Jees, Im just saying
Well, weve got to find that poor Guloc guy, Duke said.  I promised the Sentinel Id say these words over him.
He produced an immaculately folded piece of paper from his pocket, re-read it, then slipped it back.
Grabbing the two handles on the panel, Spike moved it completely aside.
Edll let us know if theres any danger, he said.  He can smell him a mile off.
The old dog put his head toward the gap and raised his nose to sniff the air, then trotted out and spent the next few minutes watering the grass. 
Looks like its clear, Spike said, making the first soft treads on a spotless field of snow.  
Tentatively, they left the sanctuary of the tree and stepped outside.  The countryside was totally still, as though Nature had heard about their search for Gulocs bones and was keeping a respectful silence.  Under heavy grey clouds, they tramped along, the cold air leaving the taste of metal in their mouths. 
Its getting dark early, Duke commented.  Breath billowed from his mouth in a thick haze.  And I didnt think to bring a torch
Its OK, I did.  Meatball pulled a tiny silver torch from his pocket.  But it might not be safe to put it on yet.  Lets wait till we get to Gullivans place.
They approached Gullivans house, not from the same direction as before, but by the side, along by the frozen stream, past the scullery and around to the sitting room.  The window ledge was low, supporting a large filthy window.
Cautiously they peered in, trying to see between the grimy streaks, lacy cobwebs, and the piles of dead woodlice.  There was no light and only the barest of furniture, a battered armchair, and a table, with the congealed remains of something on a plate.  The large fireplace on the opposite wall was full of ash.
Handy for burning stuff, hissed Spike.
Duke gave him a look.  Blimey, youre quick.
Spike tutted.  You know what I mean, he said.  If you wanted to destroy evidence or something.
Meatball stepped back a pace or two and craned his long neck to glance at the upstairs window.  It doesnt look as though hes in, he said.  Cant see any lights or anything.
No lights down here, either, said Doc, peering in the scullery window.  But how are we going to get in?
Ive been thinking about that, said Spike.  We might be able to use the coal hole.
The coal hole?
Yeah, all these old places have got them.  Weve got one in Yew Cottage.  I bet this place hasthere you are, what did I tell you?
He led them around the corner of the wall.  A small rusted black door peeped out from the undergrowth.
Gran has her coal shot down ours, and then we dont have to go outside in the bad weather.  Old Smithy just shoots it down there.  Doesnt look as though Gullivan uses his much though.  And you might get a bit mucky.
Im not bothered about that, said Meatball.  Wheres it come out?
In the cellar. Should do.
Right, lets get on with it.  Give us a hand with this, Duke.
The outside door of the coal hole was old, rusted, and hardly ever used and it took three of them to prise it open.  Even then, it moved only an inch or two at a time.  Finally, they managed to drag it wide enough for Meatball and Duke to squeeze through and crawl inside.  
Right, Duke said, from the darkness within.  Were in.  Meatballs got the cellar door open.  See you later.
See you guys later, Spike said. For goodness sake, watch out for Gullivan.
Ed tried to squeeze past to follow Duke and Meatball into the coal hole, but Spike grabbed his collar. 
No, Ed, we need you.  He spoke over his shoulder.  Doc, give us that bone.
Doc pulled it from her bag and held it out for Ed to sniff.
Find it, boy   
Spike was kneeling right down by Eds ear.  Go fetchfetch!
The big wolfhound put his nose to the ground and sniffed.
He isnt going to pee is he, Spike? 
Nope.  Hes getting the scent.  Give him a minute.
They gave him a minute.  Then several minutes more.  Ed walked around and around, sniffing.
He is going to pee.
No he isnt.  Give him a minute.
Ed stopped and squelched his huge blackberry of a nose flat against the ground.
Hes got it!  Spike exclaimed.  Where is it, boy?  Show us!
With a sudden burst of speed, Ed lumbered off towards the cowshed.
The cowshed?  But thats where we found all the loot.  There was nothing in there, Spike, he couldnt have
Racing on towards the cowshed, Ed kept his nose firmly to the ground.  Just when they thought he would collide with the door, he veered off at a tangent and slid to a halt in the hay barn, his long claws skidding on the hard, bare earth.  He sniffed for a moment and probed a mound with his nose, and then, satisfied, he sat down and waited.  
Slowly, Spike bent down to examine the mound.
This earths soft, look.  Everythings rock hard, but this little place heres soft.
Soft enough to dig dyou reckon?
Dont know, Spike muttered.  Hed probably have needed a pickaxe to shift the stuff underneath.
At that moment, as if he knew their every word, Ed started to dig.  His paws pounded the ground, sending it flying in all directions.
You wouldnt need much of a hole for a few bones, Terri said, as she watched Eds claws tearing into the soil.
You would for a whole body, Doc pointed out.  What about the skull?  And the torso?
Terri shuddered.  I didnt think of that.  I dont think I want to watch
But it was too late to turn away.
Look!  There 
As Ed scraped away the earth, a creamy-greyish object was coming into view.  It was round and dry and ominously smooth.  One of his claws struck the surface and it clacked like a domino on a tabletop.
Unless Im very much mistaken, Doc said, peering into the small dip, Thats a skull.  Hold him a minute, Spike.
Spike grasped Eds collar and held him back, while Doc leant over and brushed away the soil.  A slightly misshapen dome was now clearly visible.
She lifted it clear of the earth.  Its the skull all right.
Terri grimaced.  The rest of the bones
She knelt down and moved some more soil aside.  Several more bones lay, tumbled one upon the other. 
Poor devil, she said.  It must be himGulocmustnt it?  Her hand flew to cover her mouth.  Oh no, you dont supposeI mean, what if it isnt Guloc and hes murdered someone else?
Doc studied the bones.  I wouldnt put it past him, she said.  But Im pretty sure these are the same as the others.  Look at the length of them.  This leg bone, for instance.  I bet if we match it to the other one
Spike held the original leg bone up to their new find.  It was more or less the same length and shape. 
Its Guloc all right, he pronounced, with a sigh.  Poor guy.  If only he could have got Gullivan before Gullivan got him
You mean before they went back through the portal
He was a hero, Terri said quietly.  She glanced down at the pile of bones cast callously into the hole in front of them.  Look, theres a spade over there, Spike, against the wall.  Once Dukes read those words over him, well cover him up again; give the poor soul some peace.  And that means all the bones, she added, turning sideways to look reproachfully at Doc, who seemed to want to hang on to the skull.
It would be very interesting to.
All of them, urged Spike, bending down to add the last leg bone.
With a sigh Doc laid the skull back in its humble grave. 
Of course, she said, youre right.  She sighed again.  Well, now weve found Guloc, I suppose wed better find Duke and Meatball.  Wonder how theyre getting on?

*

If Doc couldve seen through brick walls, she wouldnt have needed to ask.  Stumbling around in the semi-darkness of the upstairs rooms, Duke and Meatball were getting nowhere fast.
Ow!  
Meatballs toe made contact with an ancient metal bed end.  What are we doing in here, Duke?  Hes hardly likely to keep anything in his bedroom, is he?
Duke shone the torch along the wall.
You never know, he said.  There might be a safe in here, behind a picture or something.  People do.
So can you see anything?
The beam from the torch shone on four plain, uneven walls, marked only by long strips of peeling wallpaper.
Nope, but theres got to be something here.  Hes got to be stashing the goods somewhere.
Meatball walked out onto the landing. 
What about out here? he said.  Any cupboards or anything?
Duke ran the torchlight along the floor and up the wall.
Watch that light on the windows, Meatball reminded him.  Youll see it miles away.
I know! Duke snapped.  Hey, wait a minute
The light had found a mirror hanging at the head of the stairs.  Reflected in it, Duke saw an attic opening.  He played the torch up the wall and onto the wooden door.  The brass handles gleamed. 
Thats getting used all right.
Meatball looked around for something to prise it open.
Itll have a hook or something, Duke said.  Something to catch in that loop thing.  There must be a ladder.
They found the hook, screwed into the top of a long wooden pole, which was leaning against the wall.
Carefully, they tucked it into the loop on the attic door and pulled.  As the door fell down and a narrow concertina of wooden steps expanded to the landing floor, they were hit by the most dreadful smell.
Nervously, they stepped on the first rung and started to make their way up towards the attic entrance.  As they climbed the steps, the smell grew stronger and stronger, wafting toward them in waves.  Finally pushing through the entrance and above the floor of the attic, the smell engulfed them, making them retch. 
It wasnt the usual smell of dust and mould and memories, it was an overpowering stench of rotting flesh.  As they stepped off the ladder and into the loft, a cloud of bluebottles launched as one into the air.
Ugh!  Meatball put his sleeved arm to his mouth.  Smells like somethings died
Duke half closed his eyes.  Over here, he said.
On the desk before them, neatly impaled on a rusty knife, lay the body of a rat, teeming with maggots.
Thats disgusting.
Duke clamped a hand over his nose and mouth.  Guess thats one way of solving the rat problem, he said between gasps.
It seems to be the way he solves most of his problems.
A cold chill gripped them both.  
Lets have a quick look round and get out, Duke said.
Right.
Gullivans attic was surprisingly spacious.  Above their heads, a crescent moon framed in the skylight provided enough illumination for their needs and the torch was switched off.
Here, look!  Meatball cried.  Its young Billys torch, isnt it?
Picking it up, Duke studied the casing.  He nodded.
Shove it back exactly where you found it or hell know weve been here.
Duke replaced it and then looked about him.  The floor was boarded, but completely bare, save for a large piece of carpet beneath the desk, which for some reason struck him as a little odd.
He turned his attention to the walls.  The crumbling bricks had been distempered at some point and were home to a variety of useless objects suspended on an assortment of fixings.  Several paintings of obscure places hung on a beam.  On a whim Duke walked across and checked behind them.  No safe.
There had to be a safe somewhere.  Theyd checked every room downstairs and found nothing.  His eyes ran over the objects in the room.  Two vases, several ancient toys, a washbasin, and stand, a battered trunk.  A trunk.
Eagerly, he nipped across and lifted the lid.  His face fell.  Old rags.
Just old clothes.  Here, Meatball, cop this, he said, holding up a mouldy leather jacket.  Looks just your sizehello 
Beneath the jacket was a metal box.  
What?
Quick!  Come and look!  Ive found something!
Meatball appeared beside him.  What?  What is it?
A metal box, look.  I bet its a safe.  Its got a keypad on it.  Ohits got no numbers.  How?
Meatball held out his clenched fist.
Forget that, he said.  Its probably a tool box or something.  Have a look at this!
Slowly he uncurled his fingers.  Sitting in the dip of his palm was a large stone.  Even in the dim light of the moon, the facets glistened and shimmered.
Dukes jaw dropped.  Crikey! Is that a diamond? 
Meatball turned the stone over in his hand.
Well Im no expert, he said, but Ill bet it is.  And theres a big bag of them.
Dukes eyes opened wide.  So thats what hes after
Meatball nodded.  Bet your life.  And anyone elses
Duke and Meatball took one last look at the biggest diamond theyd ever seen, and then replaced it in the well beneath the square of carpet.
A stone worth killing for? 
They looked at one another.
Lets get out of here.
Not before weve put everything back exactly as we found it, Meatball reminded him.
They replaced everything and with a last look around, they made their way cautiously back down the stairs, closing the attic door behind them and standing the pole back against the wall exactly as they found it.  Then they slipped quietly down the stairs to find the others.
Outside in the fading light of the hay barn, Spike, Terri and Doc were huddled together trying to keep warm by the makeshift grave.
As Meatball and Duke approached, Doc walked across to meet them. 
Reading the looks on their faces, she asked,  Youve found somethingwhat is it?
Meatball described how theyd found the diamond.
So thats it.  Thats what hes after.  Diamonds.
Duke nodded.  So what about poor Gulocany luck finding his bones?
Afraid so, she said.  Youd better come and see for yourselves.
Quietly they gathered around the grave that Ed had unearthed.
Poor guy
Carefully, Meatball and Spike replaced the soil, and then with a heavy heart, Duke reached into his pocket, pulled out the paper, unfolded it and read the few simple words, Terri adding a short prayer of her own.
They stood quietly for a few moments, shivering.  Finally Duke said, Weve done our best, lets get going.
Leaving the hay barn, they stepped out into the bleak winter light.  Keeping as low as they could, they scrambled along the hedge that skirted Gullivans land, dodging in fits and starts between drifts of snow thrown high against the bushes.  In the distance, they could see Solomons black outline etched like charcoal against the grey sky.
They were almost halfway when fresh snow started to fall in large flakes, coating their faces and making it difficult to see, and instinct told them it was only the beginning of an extremely heavy snowfall, another complete white-out.  Now it was quiet and steady, but if the wind increased, things could quickly become difficult, even dangerous.
Oh, great, Doc said.  Lets get home, quick
Get down! 
Duke suddenly stopped dead. 
At the end of a line pressed tightly against the hedge, Meatball leaned outward.  What is it? 
Its Gullivan!  And hes coming this way!
Damn!  Spike shrouded his mouth with a gloved hand.  Well have to go back the way we came.  Back along the hedge.
And then where? 
The hay barn.  Maybe we can hide in there for a while.
Its worth a try, Duke said.  Its our only chance.  Move it, Meatball.
Wrapping their scarves around their faces to minimise the clouds of breath, they moved quickly, with as little noise as they could manage.  Tucked close to the hedging, they squeezed back along the hedgerow to the hay barn.
Meatball peered out.  He could just make out Gullivans dark menacing figure moving steadily along the hedgerow, shotgun poised as he paused now and then to search the undergrowth. 
Hes right thereworking his way around, he mouthed.
Through chattering teeth, Doc said, We cant do thisfor long.  Its getting toocold
Meatball took another quick glance outside.  A sudden flash of light spread across the snow to vanish moments later.  Hes gone in
They scarcely remembered leaving the hay barn or traipsing across Gullivans field to Solomon.  Sitting on the icy cold seats in the Forge, they were only vaguely aware of having finally stepped into Solomon and out the other side onto Grans field. 
Lets get some light going, Spike said.  He pulled down the box of matches they kept on the shelf and lit the lantern.
What do we do now?  Doc sighed.  I dont fancy going back, not with Gullivan on the prowl.
Meatballs huge shoulders drooped forward with exhaustion.  Me neither.
I cant anyway.  Terri looked down at her watch.  Its getting late.  Mumll start worrying.
What for? asked Spike.  She knows youre with us lot.
Yes, I think thats the trouble.
Its too dangerous to go back tonight, Duke said firmly.  And thats that. Well have to chance leaving everything till tomorrow.  Anyway, I need a kip.  Im shattered.
Doc and Meatball yawned in chorus. 
Pushing himself up and out of his chair, Duke looked at his watch.  We meet at Meatballs house tomorrow, he instructed.  Nine oclock.



SIXTEEN

The Storm


The following morning, Spike stood on Terris doorstep and pressed the bell, listening as the chimes resounded down the hallway.  Shortly after, he heard a baby cry out.
The window above swung open and Terris face appeared.
Wont be long, she said.  Had to help Mum.
Spike heaved a sigh and began tapping the iron-hard soil with his boot.  He was afraid this would happen if they waited till the morning.  He wanted to travel back immediately, but he had to admit, theyd all needed the rest, especially after yesterday.
But what if time had already moved on in the world of the Ishmecs?
They had no reason to suppose it would, Doc had pointed out, no reason it should have moved any quicker than their own.  Time travel, Spike decided, was one of those things hed never quite get to grips with.  
He thought about Ed while he waited.  All night long hed been dead to the world, stretched before a roaring fire and then he was up, ready to go anywhere and do anything that was asked of him.  It was a tough decision to leave him behind this trip, but Ed wasnt that young anymore and those raptors
No, all in all, it was probably for the best.  Spike pictured Ed stretched before Grans fire.  Good old Ed, he didnt do badly for an old dog.  Hed found those bones yesterday, no problem.
Standing in the cold snow of the twenty-first century, Spike wondered how Guloc might have felt had he known his burial would be some sixty-five million years after he was born.
The front door opened in front of him and Terri stepped out, wrapped in a heavy coat and woollen scarf and hat.
Youre going to sweat buckets in that lot, he said.
Ive got my tropical gear on underneath, she answered, glancing back at the window, where her mums smiling face was clearly visible.  Come on, lets go.
They set off in the direction of the church and Meatballs house.
Duke, Doc and Meatball came out as they turned the corner.
Ready?
Doc looked at the extra bag Spike had slung over his shoulder.  A long wooden bow protruded from the top.
What you going as? she laughed.  Robin Hood?
You wont say that if it saves your bacon, Spike retorted.
True, she said.  But what happened to the axe?
Spike patted his bag.  Got that as well. 
Doc smiled at him.  No one could say Spike came unprepared.
Brilliant, Spike.  
Spikes head shook impatiently.  There might be a raptor or something else in the cave.  Anyone think of that?
No, we didnt, Meatball admitted.  And its a good point.  Especially if the raptors called Gullivan.
They rounded the corner of the path and came face to face once more with the portal.  As they walked onto the bridge over the river, fresh flakes of snow began to fall.  
All to the good, Doc thought, as a flake landed on her eyelash, snow would cover their tracks.  Just in case Gullivan was about.  Although if they disappeared for good 
OKeveryone ready?
Meatball nodded.  He wasnt ready, but he could never say so, because he was the biggest and big people werent supposed to be scared.
Right.  Lets go.  Duke led the way forward.
Spike took a last look over his shoulder as they stepped through, Terri clinging discreetly onto his arm.  In two steps, they returned to the land and world of the Ishmecs, but to everyones relief, Spike didnt get a chance to practice his archery.  The cave was empty.
Swiftly removing their outer clothing, they tucked them away out of sight, and then they walked once more out of the mouth of the cave and into the tropical humidity.
My Lord Sentinel!
The sound of Opis voice was welcoming in this strange land so far from home.  They looked up to see Arisius and Opi striding swiftly toward them.
What is it?  Arisius exclaimed.  What is the problem?  Is there something else you need?
Opi rushed to them.  The portalis it the portal?  Is it now closed to you?
The Sentinels expression was grave.  If this is due to our interferenceif we have prevented you from travelling back to your own time
Duke smiled at them both.
Weve been back, he stated simply.  And now were back.
The Sentinel stared. Back?  But weve just watched you walk into the cave -  
He looked them all up and down, scrutinising their clothes.  Yet what you say could be trueyour garments -
Weve had a good nights kip, Spike told him cheerfully.
And, Duke added,  Weve brought the ball.
And 
Terri stood on tiptoe to peer over Spikes shoulder,  We have news for you about Gullivan.
Excellent!  Arisius smiled on them.  All shall be told to the Elder.  He will be surprised to see your return so soon.
If the Elder was surprised, he didnt show it.
Ah!  Welcome again, my friends!
He was sitting where they had last seen him, in the comfort of a huge chair, in the middle of his grandchildren, who were perched on the arms, their legs hanging loosely over the sides.
 At their approach, Jophan leaped down from the chair, the translator band still around his throat.  You have returned from your own time?  That also 
He pointed to the bow and arrow protruding from Spikes bag.  That is from your time?
Its a bow and arrow, Spike told him.  You use it for shooting things.  Goes right through them.
Excellent.  May I try?  
He stepped forward as Spike swung the bag from his shoulder.
That will have to wait, Arisius said.  Grandfather wishes to talk to our guests.  Wait in your rooms for now.  There will be other opportunities.
Jophan hesitated, and then with a sigh, he turned and left the room.  Neeza swung her legs down from the chair and followed her brother.  
As the door whispered shut behind them, the Elder leaned forward in his chair and said, I am pleased to see you all again so soon.
You dont seem surprised, Sir, Duke replied.
Its tomorrow where we come from, Spike said.
And it will remain so until your return? 
Well come out more or less when we left, said Doc.  Give or take an hour or so.  But we never knew till today that it worked in reverse.
I had an idea that it might.  It seemed to me a strong possibility.  And we are pleased that it is so.  Life is much too precious to waste a single moment.  We have reason to know.
Reaching into the bag, Duke pulled out the ball and held it out in front of him.
The old man gasped.  My journal!  My people and I are grateful to you.  It contains an enormous amount of data vital to the scientists and technicians working on the drive for our ship.
Leaning carefully across, Duke placed the ball into the old mans gnarled hands.  Almost immediately, he shut his eyes and after some moments, the ball began to open.  It soon became clear that the data they had managed to record was only a tiny portion of what it contained.
It is undamaged, the Elder sighed.  We cannot thank you enough.  It is as well, I think, that you rescued it from this...Gullivan?
The Sentinel sat beside them. 
Ah yes, Gullivan.  You mentioned you have some information that may be of use to us?
Duke cleared his throat.  Well, Sir, we have discovered the whereabouts of your guard, Guloc.  That is to say, hisumremains.  And as you requested, I read the words at his graveside.
The Sentinel nodded his head. 
Not an easy task, he said.  You have our gratitude.
Indeed, the Elder agreed.
We found the remains on Gullivans land, buried in a rough grave beside the house, Duke related, sounding more like a detective with every word.  And whilst we were there, we conducted a thorough search of the house itself.  
That was very courageous of you all.  Your search was fruitful?
Well, we think we know what hes after in those caves, Doc piped up, her eyes shining.  Diamonds! 
The Sentinel seemed puzzled.  Diamonds?  These thingsthey are valuable in your world?
You bet, Spike answered.  Bag full of them and youre made.
Arisius looked at them.  Thesediamondswhat are they like, exactly?
Doc clasped her hands, the way she always did when she was unlocking something from her mental filing system.  Well, she began, theyre a carbon-based precious stone thats found in seams of kimberlite, thats believed to have been formed when
Oh for Petes sake, Doc, Terri interrupted.  They just want to know how they look.
Theyre like them, said Spike, pointing at a dazzling display of coloured crystals on the wall, but theyre white.
You mean clear, Doc said.  And some are coloured.  That is to say, when theyre removed from the kimberlite and cut into faceted shapes.  Theyre extremely hard and as well as jewellery, they are also used industrially for cutting and the like.
Cutting?  The Sentinel looked interested.  And they are clear, you say?  He rose from his chair and opened a drawer in the desk.  Do you by any chance describe these?
Dipping in a hand, he held it out for them to see.  A small fortune in beautiful, sparkling diamonds blinked back at them.
Wow! gasped Spike.  Are they what I think they are?
Crikey, said Meatball.  Are these yours?
Arisius smiled.  They are plentiful in the caves around here.
They were, you mean, Duke said.  Gullivans probably had half of them.
A frown crinkled the shimmering skin of Arisius face.
And that, I assume, will make him a person of great power in your world.
Well, only because he can buy whatever he wants, said Spike.
The thought that something from our world may help such a man is not pleasing to us, the Elder sighed.  One can only hope that justice will exact its own revenge.
Arisius nodded agreement.  You will appreciate we have more pressing matters to attend to at present.  The data from the ball must be put to use immediately.
As if by command, the doors opened and Opi appeared.  He was pushing a large, comfortable chair that hovered slightly above the floor as if floating on a cushion of air. 
The Elder rose and Arisius bent to support his arm and guide him into it.
Since the cowardly attack by Gullivan, my father has great difficulty in walking, Arisius said, but he is very proud and refuses to use the traveller other than for journeys of distance.
They watched as Opi guided the chair through the doorway and out into the corridor.
Gullivans got a lot to answer for, Meatball muttered, as they watched the door close softly behind him.
He has indeed, Arisius agreed,  But he is not at present our first priority.  Time is limited.
A deep anxiety seemed to be welling up inside him.
Then its definite?  Doc asked quietly.  The asteroid I mean?  Its definitely going to
With a sigh, Arisius answered, Our scientists have been plotting its path and there is no doubt it is on a collision course with this planet.  The ramifications of such a collision
He paused.  We remain hopeful of finishing the drive for the ship in time.  We believe we can do it.  He turned and walked towards the door.  We have to do it, he said, as the door whispered open.  We have to

*

Father says we can escort you around the City!
Neeza jostled Jophan to get in through the door. 
I am to escort them, Jophan corrected her in a loud voice.
You and I!  Father said we are both to escort them!
Jophan stared her in the face.  I am eldest, he said, grandly.  Therefore, it stands to reason I
You are eldest by ten minutes only! 
Why dont you both do it?  Terri shrugged her shoulders.  Seems like a good idea to me.
Jophan and Neeza stared at each other for a few moments longer.  It is agreed, said Jophan.  Both of us shall do it.
Yes.  Neeza looked across at Terri.  Yes.  Both of us.
Hoo-ray, Spike muttered.  Praps now we can get on with it.
Jophan inclined his head.  My apologies.
Meatball smiled.  Its all right, mate.  Sisters can be a pain sometimes.
Your sisters only five, Doc remarked, as they stepped out through the door.  He shrugged.  Yeah, and shes always screaming.
So, asked Duke, as they stood, looking down a long avenue of metallic walls,  Wheres this lead to?
The City is vast, Jophan explained.  And it is linked by a network of these transportation corridors. 
He closed his eyes.  Moments later, the ground beneath their feet started to move.
Whoa!  Whats happening?
Were travelling by the power of thought, Neeza answered.  Its how we get about here.  This is the swiftest way to travel.  As long as you remain on one of these discs, you can travel wherever you wish.
Can anyone do it?  Spike asked, staring alternately down at the disc below his feet and at the walls as they slipped by.  Us, I mean?  Could we do it?
Probably, said Neeza.  If you practised.  Were taught to focus our minds when were very young.
Where is the disc taking us? 
We shall start with the Control Room, Jophan answered.  It is of such enormity -
A loud rumbling noise interrupted him.  
Whats that?
Jophan dismissed it with a wave of his hand.  It is nothing, he said.  Merely a storm approaching.  It happens with some regularity here, it is the tropical climate.  It will last for no more than an hour. 
They continued along the corridor at increasing speed, the disc skimming around bends, and nipping neatly around columns.  
Above their heads, the rumbling intensified, louder and insistent. 
It sounds quite near, Doc said.
Jophan listened.  It is yet still far away.  You will be aware when it is immediately overhead.
Another deafening crash resounded through the ceiling. 
They all looked up.  
It sounds as though its right above our heads now, Duke said, staring at the ceiling for signs of vibration.
We have some spectacular storms, Neeza explained.  The lightning bolts are extraordinary -
The disc slowed and stopped.
We can show them! Jophan cried.  We can show them the storm!  He nodded at them.  Neeza and I often go up to the Stateroom and open the roof.  It is the most incredible sight you will ever see.
We cannot do that Jo, Neeza said, reluctantly.  You know it is forbidden.  If Father discovers we have
He is busy, said Jophan, in a hushed tone.  He will not know.
That is true.
We should take them now, he urged.  We will not delay.  We can be back in the Control Room before we are missed.
Dont get into trouble on our account, Meatball said.  Weve seen storms before.
Not like ours, Neeza breathed.  Yes.  We will take you.  But we will have to hurry.
With a jolt, the disc began to accelerate in the opposite direction with such speed they struggled to keep themselves upright.
Our apologies, Neeza said, hurriedly.  I forget you are unfamiliar with this method of travel.
From the base of the disc several narrow columns appeared, sprouting upwards to waist height and then fanning outwards to form a circular rail.
You may find it easier to use this for support, said Jophan.  We must hurry.
The disc increased in speed, negotiating corners and doorways with ease.  Some minutes later, they found themselves once more nearing the doors of the Stateroom.
We cannot enter through the main doors, Jophan said, as the disc halted halfway along the corridor.  During a storm, the guards will refuse us entry to the Stateroom, but Neeza and I know of a way.
Cant you just walk through the wall like you did last time?
Jophan shook his head.  Not into the Stateroom, he said.  It has a protective shield.
They veered off down a narrow passageway, coming to a halt before a small door on the left.
Whats this? Terri asked, as the disc settled onto the floor and they stepped off. 
It is a private entrance, for the use of The Assembly only, Neeza answered.
Jophan walked up to the head of the passageway and glanced around.  Satisfied no one had seen them, he walked back and over toward the door, then reaching into the jacket of his tunic, he pulled out a golden band that he slipped onto his head.  A beam of violet light hit the door and it slid silently open.
You must make sure you return Mothers key, Jo.  If the loss is discovered -
I shall do it tonight, he said and then, with a last glance around, he ushered them in through the doorway, leading them up the sweeping staircase to the balcony. 
Climbing the stairs, they craned their necks to look up at a dome of metal shimmering above them, solid and undisturbed despite the muffled echoes of thunder that filled the space.
Its like those films you see about the War, Spike said.  With all the bombing nthat. 
The shield for the Viewing Hemisphere is closed at the approach of a storm, Neeza explained, raising her voice above the increasing din.  Jo will have to open it for us.
Duke grabbed onto the rail.  I suppose this is a good idea, is it? 
I shall show you, Jophan said.  It is spectacular.  But first I must open the shield.  Remain here.
He walked across to the opposite wall, stood before a large silver plate, and closed his eyes.  A violet light shone onto the plate and with a slight movement of his head, he tilted the beam until it passed across a small opening in the centre.
Almost at once, the surface of the shield became a swirl of molten metal.  From the centre, it began to peel, the edges rippling over and over.  Fold by fold, the shield receded into the outer edges of the dome and disappeared from sight and now, through the clear crystal of the Viewing Hemisphere, they could see the full might and majesty of the Storm.  An impenetrable arc of black menacing cloud strewn with bolts of blinding light that seared through it like electrical impulses through a brain.
Terris mouth hung open.  Oh wow! she yelled.  Its like being in the middle of it!
We are, breathed Spike. 
Docs hand reached upward.  You can almost touch it! 
Its incredible!  Duke stared up at the clouds, swirling and igniting above his head, covering his ears with his hands as another ear-splitting bellow of thunder shuddered around the balcony.
Beside them, Meatball stared at the spectacle above him, shielding his eyes from the brilliance.  Then, very slowly, he murmured,  I dont like it.  I meanI dont like the feel of it.  It doesnt feel right.  I cant explain it, but it doesnt.
Jophan threw his arms wide.  Did we not say it was spectacular? 
Its not right, Meatball continued.  This isnt just any storm.  Theres something
Jophan watched the clouds churn and twist above his head.  It isdarker than previously, he said, vaguely.  But that is all.
Meatball is right, Neeza said.  Something is differentI feel it too -  
In the heart of the cloud directly above their heads, something seemed to be developing, a glowing force, expanding as they watched.  
Do you see, Neeza went on, therethat strange glowingit seems
Thunder exploded once more in their ears, leaving a painful ringing. 
Somethings coming, Meatball announced suddenly,  thats what it is.  Theres something coming -
What dyou mean? 
I can feel it, he snapped irritably.  The airs disturbed, like 
He looked around at them all.  Like when youre standing on a station and you cant see the express train, but you know its coming in.
We should listen to him, Spike warned.  He can tell about things.  Remember that ghost in old Woolleys place?  Meatball knew it was there long before we did.
A ghost? Jophan stared at him.  What is a ghost? 
JOPHAN! NEEZA! What do you think you are doing?  Have you completely forgotten your teaching?  
The voice assailed them from the bottom of the stairs.  Opis tall, lean figure was staring up at them, his eyes wide with concern.
Were you not told it is dangerous to be there in a storm, Jophan? His voice echoed up the staircase.  How often must I say this?
Jophan looked back at him.  I was only showing -
Opi stepped onto the staircase.  You will all come down here immediately, he said.  At once.
But, Opi 
Do not question my instruction, Jophan, Opi snapped.  Descend the staircase at once, all of you.
His voice reverberated in the eerie silence that seemed suddenly to have enveloped the Stateroom.  Above their heads, a dull glow tinged the clouds.
Come!  Immediately! 
Scaling the staircase in huge bounds, Opi ushered them hurriedly toward the stairs, but not before Jophan had broken free from the group.  Turning, he ran across to the plate to try and close the ceiling.
Opi whirled around.  No, Jophan, there is no time! he roared.  JOPHAN!
At that moment, a burst of blinding light blazed across the balcony, like floodlights at a stadium and the sky seemed to explode with a thunderclap so loud it rocked the Stateroom.  Halfway down the staircase, the whole structure began to shake, catapulting them forward one over the other, legs and arms flailing in all directions.  In vain, they reached out to clutch at the banister rail and at each other, but too late to stop them tumbling down the stairs to sprawl in a heap onto the Stateroom floor.
High above the balcony, the magnificent Viewing Hemisphere of the Stateroom showed the first signs of weakening.  Fine fractures appeared in the crystal, rapidly becoming hairline cracks that raced across the dome.  From these, splinters of weakness sped across the crystal to the centre, where they collided, rupturing the dome like a smashed eggshell.
Running, Opi leapt, flung himself across Jophan, and the pair of them fell as one, landing with a sickening thud.  
Finally succumbing to the pressure, the dome groaned and then shattered into thousands of fragments, sending a shower of razor-sharp crystal javelins raining down onto the balcony.
In the suffocating cloud of inky blackness, Duke heard a gut-wrenching cry of pain.  And then silence.



SEVENTEEN

Return


Sedgewick Junction!  This is Sedgewick Junction!  The train now standing at Platform four
Halfway along the carriage, a door opened and a boy stepped out onto the icy platform.  Well wrapped against the cold, Billys face was the only part of him that was clearly visible, but he still gasped as the bitter air blasted his skin.  
A freezing wind whistled down the side of the station and he pulled his scarf tighter around his neck as he set off.
Turning the corner, he trudged across the snow-covered road that led into the village and made straight for the fish shop, where he bought a large bag of piping hot chips.
Drenching the chips in salt and vinegar, Billy blew on one and popped it into his mouth.
Excuse me
Lingering in a warm corner of the shop, Billy watched the two strangers as they wandered among the shoppers with a photograph, pointing to it and asking questions.
Have you seen this man?  My wifes brother, you knowyes, were pretty sure he lives in the area -
Theyre not from around here, Billy thought, looking them up and down, not from the country.  He popped in another steaming chip.  City types, thats what they are.  London or somewhere.
They were both tall, the woman thin and pointy with big earrings and short black hair.  She had eyes like tiny green buttons, a nose that turned up at the end and pillar-box red lips.  Dressed in a big black coat and ridiculous shoes, she kept smiling at people, but clearly, she did not like doing it.
The man, taller and broader, wore a huge fur coat with a big collar.  His head was large and square with a thick mop of grey hair and heavy eyebrows.  A colourful tattoo of a scorpion covered the back of his hand, disappearing beneath his sleeve.
Billy stood for a moment, watching them.  The man turned, walked into the shop straight past him and up to the counter.
Bit of a long shot, he said amiably to the man behind the counter, Im looking for this man.  Dont suppose you know him at all?  The wifes brother, you know.  Been estranged for years.  Family bereavement.  Think he might live in these parts?
He left the question hanging in the air and looked hopefully at the assistant, who took a good long look at the photograph.
Seen him about, he said, shaking his head doubtfully,  Dunno where he lives, though.
With a satisfied smile, the man began to walk away, then as an afterthought, returned to the counter and said, Give us some chips, mate.  Large.
He waited, photo hanging loosely in his hand, as the assistant scooped them into a bag, then doused them with vinegar.  From his warm corner, Billy peered at the photo.  Then he screwed up the chip paper and left the shop.  It was time to get going.
Approaching the corner, he looked back to see the man offer a chip to the woman, who with one spiteful sweep of her arm, knocked them from his hand and into the snow.
Thoughtfully, Billy hurried on.  Why, he wondered, were these two people looking for Mr Gullivan?
Spike would have to know about this.

*

At that moment, in a different time and place, Spike wouldve given a kings ransom to know for sure about anything.
Where was he?  What was he doing on the floor?
With some effort, he struggled sideways and then upwards, leaning on one hand and gazed blearily around him.  Peoplevoices
His neck felt as though it had been karate-chopped.  Gingerly, he put up a hand to massage it and it was then his eyes fell on Terri, lying beside him in a crumpled heap.  Spike held his breath, his heart pounding.  Terri
As he stretched out a hand toward her, her eyes slowly opened.
Whatwhat happened? 
Spike took her hand and supporting her back, gently eased her into a sitting position. 
Dunno, he said,  Im not sure.  There was an explosion, I think.
At that moment he felt himself lifted, whisked from the ground by willing hands and scooped high into the air, Terris hand slipping from his as she, too, was carried away.  They came to rest side by side on soft supports.
Youre bleeding, she said.
Spike wiped the blood with his sleeve, smearing it across his forehead.  
The othersare they?
Meatball appeared beside them as if in answer to a summons, his head cut in several places, but he seemed otherwise unhurt.
You two OK?  Thank goodness.
Terri adjusted her position and the support moulded at once to the changing shape.
The others? she asked.
Meatball frowned. 
Dukes fine.  He glanced around him over a crowd.  Hell probably be here in a minute.  Docs pretty bad, cut up nthat, but they reckon shes going to be OK.
Propping himself on an elbow, Spike said, What about Jophan and Neeza?
Neezas OK, he said.  Jophans a bit rough, but hell be OK, I think.  Theyve just pulled him out.
Pulled him out?
Yes.  From under Opi.  Meatball swallowed hard.  OpisOpis dead.
Terris hand flew to her mouth.  No...
 I know, he croaked.  Its awful.
Spike closed his eyes.  His head dropped forward. Poor Opi.
Poor Jophan, Terri whispered.
They looked up to see the tall, blond figure of Duke walking toward them.  He seemed anxious and drawn.
You two all right? he asked, quietly. 
They nodded. 
Docs OK, he reported.  Ive just spoken to her.  One or two cuts from the crystal; they looked pretty deep, but apparently theyre not too bad.  He paused.  I supposeyouve heard about Opi?
Again, they nodded. 
I feel so damned guilty, Duke said.  If we hadnt come back -
Dont see we had any choice, said Meatball.  They needed the ball.
Duke rounded on him.
We shouldve kept out of it, he snapped. We shouldve just let Gullivan do what he wants.
Like murdering Mr Price? Spike said.  Or Guloc? Or the other guardum
Lomo, Terri prompted.
Yes, Lomo.  We couldntcant let him get away with it.  If the Ishmecs cant sort him, then well have to.
People have died 
Dukes voice trailed away.
Yes, and if we dont stop Gullivan, we might be next, said Spike.  Think about it.
Dukes mouth set in a grim line.  He had thought about it, more times than he cared to admit, but he didnt say so.
Suppose youre right.  
He is right, Duke.  The familiar voice came from a petite, dark-haired girl standing behind them.
Doc!
They crowded around her.
Thank goodness youre all right! Terri said.
Doc tried her best to smile with a face showing signs of several cuts.  Over each one, there was now a thin film of a clear, glossy substance.
Terri put a finger toward it and touched it lightly.  It felt dry and soft.
Does it hurt much?
Not really, Doc said.  Not now theyve put this gel stuff on it.  Stops any pain and heals it within an hour or so.  Doesnt leave a scar either, so they said.  Theyll be round to put some on yours I expect.
You know Opi died? Duke asked. 
Doc nodded.  Her eyes were moist.  She said, Yes, yes I know.  Arisius told me.  I still cant believe it.

*

It was a simple service.  Simple and dignified.  Opi was laid to rest with all the honours due to someone of such courage and devotion.
Side by side, they stood with his people in a large hall festooned with tropical plants and flowers.  With some difficulty, Arisius read the now familiar farewell.
Outside, it was raining, heavy and unrelenting in the continuous sheets of a monsoon. The torrent of raindrops hammered the walls and roof, the noise almost drowning out his voice.
In the corner, Jophan sat in a chair, watching in misery.  Neeza sat beside him, staring down dejectedly at the floor.  It had been an accident, a tragic accident, but it would be some time before they could accept that.
The children watched with sadness as the mourners filed slowly out of the room past Opis cradle.  No one spoke; no words seemed adequate.
After the final mourner had left the room, Arisius and the Elder stood beside Opis body to pay their last respects, Arisius lingering after his father had moved away, staring down at his friend. After a while, he stretched himself up, tall and erect and walked across the room to stand before them.
We shall have to leave very soon, he said.  It is imperative that you delay no longer.  I thank you for your patience. 
They left within the hour, well equipped for the journey back, Arisius walking among them and the same four guards keeping a silent vigil of protection.  Their hearts were heavy as they trod the route Opi had so recently travelled with them. 
Finally back at the cave, they turned and giving their friends a last wave, stepped into the entrance and passed cleanly through the wall.
A moment later, they burst through into their own snow-clad world. 
Its weird, said Terri, pulling her coat tightly around her as the icy cold made its presence felt.  Here we are, not long after we left and yet so much has happened in the past.
It is odd, Doc agreed.  I suppose even though weve aged two days, back here we haventor have we?  Im not sure
Duke found himself looking more closely at the surrounding countryside, examining the lane stretching out in front of them.
I suppose we have come back at the same time, he said.  I mean, we always assume we have, but I bet this lane looked pretty much the same in the eighteen hundreds.
A mobile phone unexpectedly burst into life. 
Guess that answers that question, said Meatball.
Spike pulled out his phone, flipped it open and pressed the button.  
Hellooh, hi, Gran.  Yes, were all OK.  Eh?  Oh no, nothing much
He glanced at the others. Is he?  When?  Today?  But I thoughtoh, I see.  Yes, we can do thatwhat time?  Right.  OK, Gran, Ill make sure Im in when he arrives.  Right.  Bye thensee you later.
He switched off the phone.
Billys coming home early from Andys and Ive said Ill be in when he gets home because shes going to be a bit late.  Oh, and she said theres plenty of cake left in the tin.
There wont be when she gets home, said Meatball.
Duke felt almost guilty laughing, but he couldnt help it.  Meatball could always find room for a bit more food. 
Thats fine, he said.  We can nip home to your Grans and get something to eat while we wait for him.
Great idea, Doc said.  My feet are frozen.
As they crunched around the corner of the lane that led to Yew Cottage, they heard a dog barking.
That sounds like Ed, said Terri.  
Spike listened.  It is Ed.
Whats he doing out?
Dunno -  
Spike quickened his pace.  Ed?  Ed!  Here Boy!
With a joyful leap into the air, Ed galloped down the road to meet them all.  Taking an enormous bound, he leapt up at Spike, almost knocking him from his feet.
Hello, boy, Spike said, ruffling the dogs head, what are you doing out?
Duke and Meatball were walking on ahead, looking at each other with increasing concern.
Terri pointed at the door.  Spike!  The doors open!
Pushing Ed down to his feet, Spike broke into a run and one after the other, he, Duke and Meatball rushed through the front door, bursting into the wide, neatly furnished hallway.  All was quiet, save for the ticking of the grandfather clock, but on the thick pile of the hall rug, there were wet footprints.  Large footprints, the size of a mans.  And beside them, something else.
Whos in here?  Spike demanded loudly.
Spike?
Spike charged into the living room to find his younger brother, dirty and wet, still standing in his soaking trainers.  In one hand, he was holding a small bowl, in the other a swab of cotton wool.  
Billy?  Youre early, what are you doing?  What you doing with that bowl?
Billys grey eyes stared back at him.  
Hes cut his head, he explained.
Spike frowned.  Who has?
A face peered around the wing of the large fireside chair.  Im afraid its me.
Oh!  Doc dragged in a breath.  We thought -
Terris mouth dropped open in amazement. 
Mr Price!
Mr Price!  Spike cried joyfully, rushing across to where Joseph Price now sat.  A large lump protruded from his head, and scratches criss-crossed his face.  His wrists and arms bore evidence of a rope used to restrain him.
Hallo there, Spike, he said.  The old mans face creased into a smile.  Hallo, kids.  Are you OK, all of you?
He winced a little as Billy dabbed his head with water.
We thought you were dead, said Doc, abruptly.  She walked across to take the bowl from Billy.  Here, Billy, let me see to it.
I very nearly was, Joseph admitted.  It was pure luck that I ran into young Billy here in Thicketts Lane.  I still cant walk very well and what with everything else, the cold later on mightve finished me off.  But I reckoned without my young friend.
He nodded toward Billy, who blushed with pleasure.  Spike patted him on the shoulder.  Well done, Bill.
You need a hot drink, said Doc, feeling the old mans icy hands, and something to eat.
Duke and I will see to that, Terri offered.  
They walked off toward the kitchen.  
But dont tell us the rest till we get back, she called.
Ill nip out and chop some more wood for the fire, said Meatball.  You three look after Mr Price.
It was only a little later on, when they all sat around the fire, full of soup and toast, tea and cake that Joseph Price felt sufficiently recovered to continue with his story.
Ive been held prisoner for the last few days, well, no, longer than that, I think.  To tell you the truth, I lost track.
Spike banged his fist on the arm of his chair.  I knew it!  Didnt I say?  I told them something had happened to you.
And you were right, lad, Joseph paused to take another sip of tea and swallowed slowly.  But what made you so convinced I was dead?
Spike hesitated, turning to look at the others.  His face was asking if he should mention the remains theyd discovered on their first trip.
Well, no, Duke intervened hurriedly, its not that we thought you were dead exactly, it just seemed a possibility.  You know
Joseph Price nodded.  I understand.
So who were they, then?  Terri asked.  The people who held you prisoner.  Was it a gang or something?
He shook his head.  Oh no, nothing like that.  Nothe villain who took me prisoner was Cornelius Gullivan.
Gullivan!  Spike spat out the word as though it tasted disgusting.  I knew he had something to do with it.  Hes the one who mur
He stopped, biting his tongue.  Mr Price was an old man.  Perhaps it wouldnt do to let him know how close hed come to death.
Who what, Spike?
Nothing, said Terri, to the rescue. 
Joseph Price sat for a moment, looking long and hard at each of their faces.  Then he adjusted his battered body into a forward position and crossed his hands.
Some time ago I was crossing Gullivans land and I had the misfortune to meet him coming the other way.  I dont know if your grans mentioned it, Spike, but Mr Gullivan and I dont see eye to eye over the right of way across his land.
We heard hed threatened you, Spike said.
He has indeed, Joseph continued, but this time things went a bit too far and he dealt me a hefty blow with the stock of his shotgun, knocking me unconscious.  The next thing I remember was waking up gagged and bound.  I have no idea how long I was unconscious, but when I came round, I was in Gullivans house.  What his intentions were, I dont know, but fortunately I managed to escape.
Escape
Joseph nodded.  When Gullivan went out, he dragged me upstairs and locked me in the priest hole.
Thats a little room, Billy, where priests used to hide years ago, Spike explained.
I know, said Billy.  Weve done it at school.
Well, after a while I managed to free my hands and I was able to find something to cut through the bonds on my legs.  It took me a while, because Id been bound a long time and I was very stiff and sore, but finally they gave way and I was able to move about a little.
It mustve been awful, Doc said.
Well, Im old and creaky these days as it is, he laughed.  Still, that wasnt the main problem -
The priests hole, Duke said, nodding.
The priests hole.  Exactly.  Fortunately for me, the lock was very old and with several applications of my shoulder against the door, the frame splintered and gave way.  But of course, even then, I was worried.  Id heard Gullivan go out some time before and I hadnt heard him come back, but I couldnt be sure.  Id made a bit of noise getting out and any minute he could have come running up the stairs, so I grabbed the first heavy thing I could lay my hands on, stood behind the door and waited.
And he didnt appear?
No, thank goodness.  Im not sure Id have been able to defeat someone of Gullivans build.  And the mood he seemed to be inwell, that would probably have been my lot.
Hes evil, Terri said.
Well, fortunately for me he wasnt about, so I managed to slip out of the house and make my way across Gullivans field, which was just as worrying because I stuck out like a sore thumb against the snow.  And then -
He turned to Billy with a beaming smile.
I ran into young Billy here in Thicketts Lane, he said.  And thank goodness I did.  Any longer out in those conditions
Yeah, Billy interrupted. Lucky they had a burst pipe at Andys, it flooded the whole place and I had to leave early or I might have missed him.
Terri beamed at him.  Thank goodness you did, Billy.
Joseph eased his aching frame a little further forward, and then said quietly, I think the time may have come to let you into my confidence.  You can, I have no doubt, be relied upon to keep whatever I reveal to you between ourselves?
They nodded automatically, as if in a hypnotic trance.
Very well then.  To begin.  Certain things are not quite what they seem to be.  
He smiled.  
Always remember that.  You shouldnt always believe what your eyes are telling you.  For instance, he went on.  I am not what I appear to be.  I cant tell you too much at present, but I think its as well for you to know that Joseph Price is not my real name
Billy gasped.  Its not? 
It is not.  Although it will be easier for the time being if you continue to use it.
He turned back to the fire and warmed his hands.
The other thing I must tell you all is, I know about the time portal.
It was Spikes turn to gasp.  You do?  
Billy frowned at him.  What time portal?
Spike shook his head, irritably.  Tell you later.
You know about the time portal, Mr Price?
Yes, Duke, I do.  And I also know about the Ishmecs.  Arisius and I are old friends.  Youve met Arisius?
They nodded, their mouths dropping in amazement.
And how is my old friend, Zephulon?  Seeing the puzzled look on their faces, he added,  You may know him as the Elder.
Whos the Elder?
Tell you later, Bill.  Hes fine, said Meatball.  Or at least he was till Gullivan attacked him.
Joseph Price sat up in his chair with a start.  
Gullivan? Cornelius Gullivan can cross the time portal?
He slid slowly back into his chair.  His face was grave.  Gullivan crossing the time portalnow that is something I did not know.  But thinking about it-
He began to nod his head.  Yes, yes, of course, I shouldve guessed.
He nodded at the children.  You must understand, he explained, that time portals only exist for those who are destined to use them and they are not visible, or accessible, to any other.  SoGullivan is flipping back and forth through time, is he?  Therell be something in it for him then, thats a certainty.  What is it that rattlesnakes after, dyou know?  Something he finds in the valley, perhaps?
Billy gave Spike a push.  What valley?  What are you talking about?
Doc nodded.  Hes after diamonds, Mr Price.  Hes got loads of them.  Theyre everywhere.
Joseph Price gave a deep sigh.  Of courseand you say he attacked Zephulon?
Yes.  And two of his guards.  He killed the guards, Spike added.  Thats why we thought -
He paused again.
We found some remains by the cave, Duke added, awkwardly.  Together with your watch.  And we thought -
My watch?  You mean this one?  He pulled a watch from his pocket.  Luckily he never found it, he said.  I didnt want Gullivan getting his hands on it.  Thats not his real name either, by the way.
That doesnt surprise me, said Meatball.  But if that watch we found isnt yours, then who
Joseph Price considered for a moment.
I suspect it may be Zephulons, he said.  Gullivan probably dropped it when he was killing the guard.
He brought the other guard back here, said Terri.  We found the bones on Gullivans land.  Arisius asked us to read some words over him.
Joseph beamed at them.  That was a very brave and charitable thing to do, he said.  Your grandmother was right.  But then she always is.
Gran?
Yes, your Gran.  She told me on my last visit to you that you and your friends were very kind and thoughtful.  But now, he said,  Now, we must talk business.  I have a very important task for you all.  I need you to find something, something I believeI hopemay still be somewhere in Gullivans house.
Me as well? said Billy.
Yes, Billy, you too. 
Spike looked worried.  Dyou think thats a good idea, Mr Price?  Billys only ten. 
The same thought occurred to me, said Duke.
Meatball nodded in agreement.  Its bound to be dangerous.
Joseph leaned back in his chair and rested the tips of his fingers together. 
Maybe you should tell Billy all about it and let him make up his own mind, he said.
Billy sat, perched on the edge of his seat, looking at Spike expectantly.  Tell me what -
Spike put his arm around Billys shoulder.
Well, we cant tell you everything, itd take ages, but this is most of it.
He began with the discovery of the bone, and with the help of the others, described everything that had happened.
Billys eyes opened wide.
DinosaursIshmecs?
By the time Spike had told him once again about the diamonds he was almost falling off his chair.
Well, Spike said at last, its your decision, Bill, it could be dangerous, but if you want to come -
If you are coming, Terri interrupted, you have to stay with us and do exactly as youre told.  This isnt a game.
Billy sat for a moment as if trying to make up his mind.  Then he put his shoulders back, his hands in his pockets and said, boldly, Count me in.
Joseph looked pleased.
Very good, he said.  The more of you, the better, theres safety in numbers.  Tell me, when you were at Gullivans, did you have a look around his house at all?
Duke and Meatball did.
Excellent.  That unfortunately, was the one thing I could not do.  
So, said Duke.  What dyou want us to do? 
Joseph took a last sip of his tea and swallowed.  As I said, I want you to retrieve something for me.  Something I was carrying when I was attacked by Gullivan.
How did he know about it?
He didnt.  It was just unfortunate that I had it with me when I encountered him.  The item I want you to retrieve is a crystal.
A crystal? 
Joseph nodded.  Yes, Spike.  The crystal itself is in a case and if Gullivan has been trying to open it, hell be wasting his time.  Only the person who has the ability can open it.  The case is impenetrable to anyone else.  But it is vitally important and it must be retrieved at all costs.
Why?  
Everyone turned to look at Billy.
Because Mr Price has asked us to Bill, Spike said, and thats good enough.
Billy persisted.  But why dyou want it back?  
Thats a very good question, said Joseph.  And the answer is, so you can complete the second task I need you to perform for me. 
He leaned back in his chair, resting his head against the cushion.  I need you to take the crystal to the Ishmecs.
Whatback through the portal?
Yes, Spike.  Im afraid it means travelling back through the portal.  Can I rely on you?
Spike stretched himself upright and pushed out his chest.  Too right.
Good lad.  And the rest of you?
Duke spoke for all of them.  Where one goes, we all go.
Admirable.  Now it is only fair to warn you it will be dangerous.  Retrieving the crystal from Gullivans house will be risky.  That man is ruthless and now he has access to the past, he will think he has the ideal opportunity to do whatever he wants, so you must take great care.  Check and check again.  Now, as to the crystal.  Its in a case, as I told you, but it may now be anywhere in his house.  He leaned a little closer.  The case itself is square.  It has a pad on the top.
We saw that!  Meatball nudged Duke.  That box you saw in the attic, Duke.  It had a pad of some sort on it, didnt it?
Yes!
Joseph nodded.  Excellent!  Under no circumstances, should you try to open the inner box.  The Ishmecs will know how to open it.  It must be delivered to Zephulon personally and that is where the real danger liescrossing the time portal.  There is a strong possibility the electrical storm has affected it.
He turned his head to look at Terri.
Your particular ability may be of crucial importance, my dear.
My ability?
He smiled.  Remember, Arisius will not be expecting you.  And you will need to make your own way to the city.
Spikes eyes opened wide.  The dinosaurs
It is imperative that the crystal is delivered to the Ishmecs as soon as possible.  They do not have much time
You mean the asteroid, Doc said.
Time is of the essence
With a sigh, Joseph leaned wearily back in his chair.  Remember the crystal -  
Beads of perspiration appeared on his brow.
Forgive me, I am tired.  
His eyes slowly closed, his lips murmuring indistinctly.
He hasnt gone bonkers, has he?  
Ssh Billy!  Terri waved a hand at him.  Hes exhausted, thats all.  Who wouldnt be after what hes been through?
He may even be suffering from mild concussion, Doc remarked.  Thats some bump on his head.
Spike leaned across and put a hand on Josephs shoulder.  
Dont you worry, he said.  Well do the job for you.
Joseph responded with a strained nod.
Meatball fetched a cushion and slipped it behind his head.  Terri pulled a large tartan blanket from the sofa and draped around his legs.
Right, said Duke.  You heard what he said.  Lets go.
I dont understand it, said Terri, as she helped Spike stoke up the fire, and close it up tight.  I mean, when we go back, itll be the same time we left, wont it?
Spike shrugged.  
I dunno, he said.  Ive given up trying to work it out.  Come on, Spike added, as they closed the kitchen door behind them,  weve got to search.
Spike, dyou think
He turned to look at her.  What?
Opidyou think we should have told Mr Price about Opi?  I mean, from what he says, he might know him
She looked at the others.  Dont you think we should have told him?
Duke chewed his lip.  I did wonder that myself, but I think hes got enough on his plate at the moment.
Shouldnt think you need to tell him, Meatball said.  He probably knows already.  In answer to their looks, he added, He knew about the electrical storm, didnt he?
Of course 
Wed better get a move on, Spike said.  Weve got to search.
What for?
Spike looked at Doc.  Weapons, of course.  We need something better to take than a couple of knives and a flaming baseball bat.  Youve seen the size of those dinosaurs.
Hes right, Duke said.  Come on, Meatball, lets look around, see if theres anything we can use.
Nothing we take is going to make much difference against them, though, is it?  Doc screwed the top back on a water bottle and pushed it into her bag.  Even the smaller ones.  What can we take?
Perhaps we wont meet any, Terry said in a quiet voice.  Its a big place
Lets hope not, Spike said.  Its a long trip to the city.  And they dont know were coming
Duke stepped in through the back door.  Ive just had a look in your Grans shed.  Theres another axe
Thats about it, Meatball said, following him in.  Everything else is too big to take.
Thatll have to do, then, Spike said.  Be better than that bat anyway.  Wed better get going.
Terri and I will check on Mr Price, said Doc.
You know what we really need, Spike added in a whisper, as the girls left the room.  The gunthat one in Gullivans trunk
Are you off your head?  Duke hissed.  What do you know about guns?  What do any of us know?  Someonell get shot.  No way, its too dangerous.
Hes right, said Meatball.  And well have Billy with us, dont forget.
Spike gave them a long, anxious look.  I know
Back in the living room, Joseph Price heard Terri and Doc come into the room, but kept his eyes closed.
Hes asleep, Doc whispered.  Terri nodded.
Tucking the rug closely around him, they tiptoed from the room.
After a few minutes, Joseph stirred in his chair, slowly opening one eye and then the other.  Out in the hall he heard voices in frantic discussion and much scrambling about and opening and closing of cupboards; then the sound of the front door being gently closed and a key turning in the lock.  Rising to his feet, he walked across to the window and watched surreptitiously through the curtain as Spike, Billy and their friends bustled down the path and set off on their latest mission.
He kept watching until they turned the corner and disappeared from sight and then thoughtfully he turned away.  Dangerous times lay ahead and everything depended on their determination and courage.
In the mirror over the fireplace, he studied his reflection.  The wounds, he thought, were quite impressive, but now they had served their purpose.
He smiled.  And the wounds disappeared. 



EIGHTEEN

The Visitors


In the back seat of a warm taxi whisking him home from the station, Gullivan thought about his day.
He grinned as he remembered the look on Thorpes face when hed showed him the stones.  It had registered three distinct emotions in quick succession.  Suspicion, disbelief, and pure greed, and for a few moments, as Thorpe had worked his way through the stones, studying them one by one with a well-worn eyeglass, greed had overridden the others.
But there was something else, something behind the smile, something that Gullivan had been trying to pin down since leaving Thorpes grotty little back street office, and as the taxi turned into the top of his road, it hit him.
Fear.  Thats what hed seen in Thorpes greasy face.  Fear.  Something had spooked him.  Or someone
Eight pounds fifty, guv.
The voice hovered on the outside of Gullivans thoughts.
Eh?
The taxi driver looked at him over the seat.  Eight pounds fifty.
Reaching into his pocket, Gullivan pulled out his wallet and thrust a ten-pound note into the waiting hand.
Keep the change, he muttered. 
Striding in through the front door, he slammed it shut and leaned against it.  Why was he worrying?  They didnt know where he was, did they?  Thorpe didnt know where he was, and he couldnt tell them what he didnt know.
Gullivan began to calm down.  He was safe here, in the back of beyond, safe, and miles away from anywhere.
He looked down at the bag on the floor.  More than enough in there to get him wherever he needed to be.
He broke into a whistle as he climbed the stairs.  Cornelius Gullivan was about to disappear, just as Jan Van Der Groet had done.  Hed throw a few things into a bag and that would be that.
May as well check on the old guy while he was up here.  Couldnt have him croaking, not yet.
Getting rid of some half-breed from the other side was one thing; no one in this time would miss him, but the old guythat was a different kettle of fish.  He was a well-known face in the village and sooner or later someone was going to notice.  If all went according to plan, hed phone from some distant Airport and tell them where to find Joseph Price.  Eventually.
Still smiling, he walked along the landing and into the room at the end.  Hed left the old guy some drink that morning, so he should be OK.  Just a quick check on him and
He stopped in his tracks.  Facing him, across the room, the door stood open.  He raced across and up the steps to take a closer look.  The priests hole contained the drinkand nothing else.  Joseph Price had gone.
Damn that old fool, he shouldve killed him when he had the chance.  Turning, he glanced through the window.  Across the smooth blanket of snow, a line of erratic footprints was clearly visible.  They led away across the field and thenwhat was that?  Signs of a struggle, a skirmish of some kind?  Noit must be where the old boy had fallen in the snow.
Running from the room, he sprinted down the stairs in fits and spurts, landing with a crash in the hallway.  As he straightened up, his reflection stared back at him from the mirror.  Slowly, he ran a hand through his thinning hair.  
Maybe he wouldnt rush over theremaybe hed take his time.  Perhaps it was an appropriate moment to pay a house call.  And if the old man was on his ownwell
The sound of a car echoed in the driveway outside.  Instinctively, Gullivan snapped off the light, threw himself against a wall, and peered through the curtain.  Surely, the old boy couldnt have been to the police already?
His mind careered in all directions.  Of course he went to the police, you moron.
But then, it was only Prices word against his, wasnt it?  Price, a stupid, muddle-headed old man, always disappearing on little jaunts.  He could hardly tell them he popped to the past; theyd lock him away.  If he hadnt followed Price that day and seen him disappear, hed never have believed it.
Gingerly, he peeked around the edge of the curtain.  Noit wasnt the policenot unless a sleek black jag was their car of choice these days.
Straining his eyes, he looked out, but it was hard to see who was sitting inside through tinted windows.  One shadowor was it two?
The obvious hit him like a hammer.  The taxi driverthe McKendricks had got to him first
He turned and ran.



NINETEEN

The Gangsters and The Crystal


Watch where youre sticking your foot, will you?  
Spike glanced back at Terri.  I cant help it, he snapped.  I cant see anything.
Will you two shut it?  Doc hissed, scrambling along the floor of the coal hole in Gullivans house, desperately trying to forget that shed just put her hand in something squishy.  Someonell hear us.
Like who?  Theres no-one else here.
We dont know that, she said.  Gullivan could be anywhere.
Climbing to the top of the steps, Duke put his fingers to the latch on the cellar door and lifted.  A sliver of light shone onto his hand through the tiny gap.
The lights on! he whispered.  Then, as if someone had heard his words, the light went out. 
It was bitterly cold in the coal hole, but the prospect of the whole sorry crowd of them coming face to face with the terrifying end of a shotgun made Dukes palms erupt with sweat.  Behind him, five pairs of lungs struggled against the desire to breathe out while they listened for movement.
It remained agonisingly hushed and black.  Gently Duke took the latch between finger and thumb and lifted.  It made a slight scraping sound.  Heart thumping, he waited.  Still quiet.  Taking a firmer grip on the latch, he applied a little force to the door.  To his horror, it slipped away from the dampness of his palm and flew open, striking the wall behind it with a crash.  In the gloom of the cellar, he screwed his eyes tight and prayed.  There was no sound, but that didnt mean Gullivan wasnt sitting behind the door, waiting his moment.
Dukes heart throbbed in his ears.  There was only one way to know for sure.  Gulping in the cold air, he stepped out through the door, and into an empty hallway.  No sign of Gullivan.  He felt weak with relief.
Its all right! he whispered, glancing back at the others, who were creeping out behind him.  Theres no-one here.  It mustve been Gullivan, but hes gone.
In the half-light, they stared at one another, breathing deeply.
Ive got a feeling were not going to see Gullivan for a while, said Spike, who had clambered onto the stairs and now stood leaning on the ledge, looking out of the window, hes going like a bat out of hell across the back field.
Meatball joined him at the window.  To the portal dyou reckon?
Who knows?  But somethings spooked him by the look of things
Somethingor someone, Doc interrupted.  She stood by the front door, peering through the glass.  I hate to say it, guys, but it looks like weve got company.
Spike whizzed down the banister, landing on the floorboards with scarcely a sound and ducked beneath the window beside the door.
Squinting through a gap in the curtain, he saw a large and expensive car.  Who are they?
Standing beside it, were two strangers.  The first, a man, was tall, broad and greying with the kind of face Spike had often seen in newspapers, where it was difficult to tell if the photo was of the thug or the victim.  A large fur collar hid his neck.
Next to him, balancing precariously on heels you could spear sausages with, was a woman, younger than the man, but obviously in charge, her hair cut incredibly short and her ears drooping with the weight of two heavy gold earrings.
As Spike watched, her pillar-box red lips moved rapidly.  The man shrugged and reached into his jacket to withdraw a notebook.
Yes, he seemed to be saying.  This is the place.
Its them! cried Billy, arriving beside Spike in a heap.  Its the two that were in the village!
What two?
The strangers.  When I got off the train, I walked back through the village and those two were walking about, asking questions.
Terri looked at him.  What questions?  What did they want, Billy?
They were asking about Gullivan, stopping people in the street and saying did they know where this man lived.  They said he was the wifes brother.  And then they were showing this photo around and it was Gullivan.
Meatball nodded.  It figures.  Hes the sort to have a past.
I wonder why they want him? Terri sat, watching, transfixed by the movement of glossy red nails as the woman reached into her bag.
The glossy red nails reappeared, curled around a small shimmering object.
I dont like the look of this, she murmured.  Lets get out of here.
We cant go without the crystal, Spike said.  I promised Mr Price Id get it.
Its what else we might get thats worrying methat womans got a gun.
A gun -
Yeah.  Shes just put it back in her bag, but I definitely saw it.
Theyre bound to come in and search the place, Doc said.  Theyre not just going to knock and leave are they.
They might, said Terri, staring at the woman, who was speaking rapidly on a mobile phone, they might just -
The guys gone, Duke hissed, peering around the edge of the curtain, hes disappeared.  He must be going round the back.  Down the cellar!
In a sudden rush, they crammed through the cellar door, squeezing inside in the darkness, pulling the door shut behind them. 
It had scarcely closed, when they heard another door creak and the sound of heavy boots walking through the kitchen.  In the gloom of the cellar, a ray of light filtered through the tiniest of cracks and through it, Duke sat watching the long, black-trousered legs as they crossed the hallway, walking swiftly across to the front door.  It opened wide, and the pair of heels strode in, clacking on the parquet flooring.
Well? the woman demanded.
No sign, the man said.  And the back door was open.  Hes made a run for it.
She rounded on him.  You idiot.  Thats exactly what he wants us to think.  And all the while hes stashed away nice and cosy upstairs somewhere.  You have searched upstairs, I suppose?
Just about to.
Well get on with it, she barked.
Behind the cellar door, Duke watched the man pull a gun from his pocket and scale the staircase two or three treads at a time.  In the hallway, the woman paced up and down. 
Moments later, the man reappeared at the top of the stairs.
Nothing, he called.
Did you try the attic?
The man shook his head.
Why NOT!
Her voice had increased to a scream.
The man swung around and ran back along the landing.  Shortly after, they heard the faint sound of the ladder.
Hes up in the loft.  Behind the cellar door, Duke mouthed the words over his shoulder to Spike and Meatball, and then returned to squint through the gap.
WELL? the woman shrieked, as the man appeared once more on the staircase.
Nothin.  Just a dead rat.
The womans hands clenched and unclenched with rage.  Yeah, and the next ones gonna be De Groet.  That double-crossing skunks been here, I can smell him!
Well, he aint upstairs.
Well, dont just stand there, you useless lump, search down here.  Suddenly, she pointed a long bony finger at the cellar door.  What about that, wheres that go?
The man shrugged.
Dunno.
The woman gave a cry of exasperation.  
Well go and bloody look!  Do I have to do everything myself?
Through the tiny gap in the cellar door, Duke saw the man hesitate, then start across the hallway towards them.
Get out! he hissed.  Quick!
They whirled around and began to scramble back down into the cellar, but there was no time to make for the coal hole.  They just managed to throw themselves against the walls in the darkness, when the cellar door opened, and a bright shaft of light flooded the steps.  
Then, unexpectedly, as the mans foot hovered over the first step, everything changed.
Outside, in the cold stillness of the drive, a car horn burst into life and kept on bursting, the deafening hoot blotting out everything else.
Hes trying to get away! the woman shrieked.  After him!
Releasing his hold on the handle, the man ran to the front door, threw it open and leapt outside, closely followed by the woman, skidding and sliding on the wooden floor.
At the cellar door, Duke leaned out.  Theyve gone outside! They think Gullivans out there, trying to nick their car!
Cant be him, Doc said.  Hes gone.
Billys face appeared out of the gloom, like a cuckoo in a clock.  He was grinning.  
It was me, he said.  I nipped out and set off the alarm.
Spike smiled at him.  Brilliant.
Meatball nodded.  Nice one, Bill. 
Good thinking, Duke said, glancing back at them from where he was keeping a cautious eye on the front door.  Thatll give us time to get upstairs.  Theyve looked up there already.
Bursting from the cellar, they poured up the stairs, onto the landing and into one of the rooms at the front of the house.  As they crouched down behind the ledge, the deafening blare of the car horn abruptly stopped.
The womans voice shrieked out.
That scums here somewhere.  Search that lot!  
Carefully, Duke lifted the corner of a tatty curtain and looked out to see the woman wave an arm in the general direction of the ramshackle outbuildings that littered Gullivans land.
Pulling a torch from his pocket, the man marched off towards the cowshed.
Were all right for a bit, theyre searching around outside, he said.
Stepping across to the ladder, Meatball scaled it, Spike close on his heels.
Hang on there, Ill pass it down.
He dragged the box out, lifted it to loft opening, and passed it down into Spikes hands.
Dyou reckon this is it? Spike asked, as they stood on the landing, staring at it.  The box with the crystal in it?
Its got to be, said Meatball.  Its got a keypad on it.  Lets get it out the back quick before those two come back.  All clear, Duke?
Duke nodded.
Carrying the box, they hurried down the stairs into the hallway and out of the back door, not stopping until they were clear of the house and well across the field, keeping close to the hedgerow as before, with short dashes across the blanket of snow only where they had no other option.
Solomon? 
Meatball puffed the suggestion out into the freezing air.
Spike nodded.  Solomon.
Itll buy us a bit of time, Duke agreed, and well be out of sight once were inside.
Doc nipped in front, stepping to one side to hold back the laden branches of a rowan tree that had bowed down under the weight of snow to block their path.
Might be an idea to check it as well, she said, as they passed through the gap.  We dont know for sure if its the right box, do we?
Terri glanced back over her shoulder.  I reckon it probably is.  Its got that pad thing on it like Mr Price said.
Well have to check it, Duke puffed.  If it isnt the right one, well just have to keep going back till we find the right one.  Look, theres Solomon!
The magnificent old oak tree stood before them, dressed in a white cloak of snow, holding out its branches like huge, welcoming arms, as though it was waiting for their arrival.  
Terri and Doc stomped on ahead to open the panel, crunching through the frosted snow.  Following behind, Meatball ducked through the shallow opening, squeezed inside, and then took the box as Duke, Spike and Billy followed.  The girls stepped in last, closing the panel securely behind them.
We made it!
Terris words wafted out in swirls into the icy air inside the trunk.
Reaching into his pocket, Meatball pulled out his torch and flicked it on and together they crouched around to inspect the box.  
If only we could get this open, he said, we could make sure the crystals inside.
Thats odd, said Duke, running his hand over the seamless surface, there doesnt seem to be any opening.
There must be.  Perhaps its underneath.
They tilted the box on one edge and peered beneath.
Nope.
Look at that keypad.  What sort of keypad is that?  Doc asked.  Its just a purple circle.  Where dyou tap in the numbers?
Perhaps you dont, Meatball answered.  Perhaps its one of those palm print thingies.
He placed a hand on the pad.  Then he pushed it, but nothing happened.  
You try Doc.
Doc tried tapping the pad.  Still nothing happened.
Terri, said Spike.  Let Terri try it.  She opened the ball.
Gingerly, Terri put out a hand to the circle.  Nothing.  She lowered her palm until it was actually touching the plate.  Still nothing.
Try thinking about it, Doc said.  You know, like you did with the ball.
Dyou reckon?  She shrugged.  OK. 
Closing her eyes, she began to concentrate.
Almost at once, the pad started to glow.
Youve got it, keep going!  Doc encouraged.
Terri kept going.  In the centre of the circular pad, something was starting to happen.
The purple was gradually giving way to a brilliant shade of gold, filling the entire pad, glowing like the sun in the darkness of the tree trunk.  Then it began to melt away from the centre to reveal a crystal disc, which threw up a large holographic image so suddenly into the space before them that they all overbalanced into the sides of the tree.
Look at that
Its beautiful!  Terri sighed.
Floating in mid-air, high above the panel, was a hollow sphere of the deepest midnight blue, peppered with silver stars, pulsing with light.
What is it? breathed Meatball, as he watched it slowly rotate.
Its like fairy lights, Terri murmured.
I can tell you exactly what that is, Doc said.  She was studying the sphere intently.  That is a map of the heavens.  Or at least part of it.  And if Im not mistaken, that constellation there is Cassiopeia.
Wow!
I dont see how that helps us, Duke said.  Were no nearer to opening the box.
Wait a minute though, said Terri.  Didnt Mr Price say not to open the box?
No, he said not to try opening the box the crystals in, not the outer box.  If we can get it out of this thing, itll be easier to carry.
So what do we do next thenoh, for Petes sake, Spike, cant you keep still?  Im black and blue here.
Everyone looked at Spike, who was scrambling around like a dog scratching fleas.
Its here somewhere! he snapped.  I know it is.  Its in one of my pockets -
What is?
Spike stopped scrambling and looked up.  The letter!  The one Phyllis sent me.  You remember Meatball.  I know Ive got it somewhere -
You mean the one you said was weird?
Spike nodded.  
Its what Doc said just now.  Cassiesomething.
Cassiopeia?  
Thats it.  Well, I remembered that letterfound it!
Pulling a crumpled letter from his pocket, he smoothed it out and passed it to Doc, who took it from his fingers and read it aloud.
Dear Spike, hope you and Billy are well.  Look forward to seeing you all on the thirteenth.  Love Phyllis.  P.S.  Cassiopeia is the key.
Thats got to be more than coincidence, Meatball said.
Terri gazed at the gentle turning of the sphere.  Which one did you say it was, Doc? 
Doc looked.  
Umhang on, its just coming roundthere, look.  That one there.
She pointed to a constellation.  Mesmerised, Terri put out a finger and touched a single bright star at its heart.
The sphere halted at once.  For a split second, Cassiopeia seemed to burst with light and then as dramatically as it had appeared, the hologram vanished back into the crystal disc.
Spike gazed at it.  Well I dunno what you did, Terri, but -
Doc squealed.  Its going!  
The heavy outer casing began to flow away, starting at the circular pad and creeping, treacle-like, across the surface and oozing down the sides, where it seeped beneath the box and vanished.
Now that, breathed Meatball, is what I call a security system.
Spike lifted the curiously shaped box that remained.  The outer casing had left no trace.
Its gone, Billy gasped.  
Spike stared at it in amazement. Theres nothing left.  Nothing except this.
The object, the only thing remaining of the box theyd carried into Solomon, was a pyramid of deepest violet, translucent enough to reveal the precious cargo trapped inside.  
That must be it, Duke said, thoughtfully.  That thing inside.  It must be the crystal Mr Price was talking about.  That must be what we have to take back to the Ishmecs.
Its not quite as big as I thought, Doc commented, measuring it against her hand.  But then the tiniest things are often the most powerful.
It must be really important, Spike said.  He pulled his rucksack open and placed the crystal carefully inside.
All the more reason to get a move on, said Meatball as he pulled aside the panel and stepped out into the snow up to his knees,  Weve wasted too much time already.  Come on.
But things were not to be that easy.  It was impossible to rush.  The snow was falling once more, thick dollops that grew deeper and heavier as they walked, holding every tread in a tenacious grip.  The journey across the field took far longer than they hoped and it was fifteen minutes later when they finally clambered over the stile into Thicketts Lane.
Should make better speed here, Duke puffed.  Walk in the car tracks, there wont be any traffic this time of day.
You had to say it, didnt you? 
Spike was looking over his shoulder at a large car further down the lane, crunching and wobbling its way along the deep frozen ridges.
Oh hell, its them.  Its the car from the house.
Dont panic, said Duke.  Just keep walking.
Behind them, the car crawled nearer and nearer, slipping and jolting until it slowed beside them.  They heard muffled words exchanged inside, and then the window purred open and a large square head leaned out.
Oi!  You kids!  Seen this man?  
The driver flicked a photograph toward them.
Adopting a look of complete innocence and bewilderment, Duke and Meatball leaned across and studied the photo.
Mr Gullivan? said Duke.  Oh yes, weve seen him.
Inside the car, the woman hurled herself across the mans chest, almost strangling him with his seatbelt.  
Where? she demanded.  When did you see him?
A while back, said Meatball.  Hightailing it across that field he was, as though his butt was on fire.
With a tremendous heave, the man forced the woman back into her seat.
Thanks, lads, he said.  No idea where he might be headed, I suppose?
Headed?  Duke did his best to look thoughtful.
Across that field  
Meatball screwed up his eyes, as though he was thinking intently.  Id say probably the main road into Westonbridge.  Its the next big town.
Yeah, Westonbridge, Spike echoed.
Near the airport, Billy added.
The woman gripped the mans arm.
Airport? she shrieked.  Get the hell after him!
The man thrust his foot onto the pedal and the car jerked forward, skidding, and sliding from side to side.
Did I do the right thing?  Billy asked, as they watched the car struggle to turn the corner.  You know, telling them about the airport?
Meatball looked across at Spike and grinned.  
Oh yes, he said, nodding his head firmly.  You did exactly the right thing. 



TWENTY

The Earth Splits


In the metallic air of a late winters afternoon, five teenagers and a ten-year old stood in silence between two worlds.
They hadnt yet entered the second of these worlds, for they still teetered on the edge of the first, a world they knew and loved, a world where everything was familiar.
From the edge of the bridge they stared at the empty space before them, trying to prepare for whatever Destiny had planned for them on the other side.
Right, Duke said, we dont know whats going to be waiting for us through there this time.  It could be Arisius and the guards still watching us go in or it could be another day, another week even, theres no way of knowing.  Mr Price said the electrical storm could have affected the portal, so we have to be prepared.  Everyone got a weapon?
They all nodded.
I havent, Billy complained.  I havent got anything.
Spike frowned down at him.  
Nope and you arent getting anything either, he said.  Cant have a kid of your age with a knife.
Terri gave Billy a squeeze and looked across at Spike.  
You dont think it might be a good idea, Spike?  Just in case?  Im sure hell be careful, wont you, Billy?
Billy nodded.
All right then, Spike said, reluctantly.  You can have this knife, but for goodness sake be careful with it.  And dont forget, he added, pointing a finger at him,  You stick with the rest of us.  Got it?
Billy nodded again and taking the knife from Spike, slipped it into his inside pocket.  
They walked on, shivering in the icy breeze whipping across them as they trod the last few metres toward the portal.  
This is it, Spike said.  He put out an arm and watched his hand disappear, then pulled it back into his own time and examined it to check it was still the same.  Then he put a hand on Billys shoulder.  You sure about this? he said, Still time to change your mind if you want.  But once we go through there - 
He flicked his eyes in the direction of the bridge.
Billy looked back at him.  Im sure.
Spike nodded and then looking across at Duke and Meatball, he said, Right. Lets do it.
He thinks hes in a film, Meatball whispered as he and Duke walked through with the others.
Feels like were all in a film, Duke murmured back.  I wish we knew how it was going to end. 
As they appeared through the other side into the shadows of the cave, Meatball felt a completely new sense of foreboding flood his system.  Something was niggling at him; something he knew or something hed seen, but he couldnt remember when or where.  And he had a strong feeling it might be best not to remember.
No sign of Arisius, Doc said, as they emerged sixty-five million years in the past.  She pulled off her jumper and tied it around her waist.  We mustve come out later.
Spike strode across to the grassy mound and perched on the top to get a better view, looking out on a landscape that was completely still.
Cant see much. 
Its very quiet, Duke said, looking out across the valley.
The heat hit Doc in a wave.  Its so hot.
Perhaps theres going to be another storm
Terri followed Spike onto the mound, where they stood for a moment, gazing down the valley wall, shielding their eyes from the sunlight. 
Too quiet.  Meatballs voice echoed the uneasiness he felt.  Doesnt feel right.
I suppose it could be something to do with the asteroid, Doc suggested.  You know how it is just before a storm, when the animals and birds go quiet?  Perhaps the same thing happens before an asteroid hits, maybe -
Maybe, thought Duke, we have less time than we thought
Meatball raised the binoculars and looked down into the valley.  Not much seems to be moving down there, but they may just be in cover.  He glanced back at Billy.  You stay with us.  Whatever happens, dont let yourself get separated.  Understand?
Billy nodded.
They moved off the mound and began the steep descent down the valley wall towards the forest.
This is where it gets dangerous, Spike said, watching up ahead for any sudden movement.  The Ishmecs dont know were coming, and there might not be any force field this time.
What if those things are there again? 
No one answered.

*

They could smell the thick, heady fragrance from the flowers before they entered the forest.  Inside, among the slippery tree trunks and saturated undergrowth, it was quiet, the silence broken only by the hum of insects.  The heat was almost unbearable, the air suffocating and difficult to breathe.  Leaves lay still, trickling with water.
The mere effort of walking soaked their bodies with sweat; it ran down their faces into their eyes and dripped off their noses.  The heady scent of colourful blooms seemed to be pouring out into the air.  Around their satiny petals, insects jostled for space, giddy and intoxicated.
Slowing a little, Billy watched the bright butterflies dart past his eyes as they flitted from one flower to another, struggling to beat their wings through the syrupy air. 
Spike reached back, grabbed his shirt, and pulled him closer.
Dont hang about, he cautioned.  Weve got to keep going.
He looked warily about him.  They had stepped through into a small clearing.  He glanced across at Terri.  Yes, her face was saying, this is the spot.  This is the place they had encountered the raptors on their last visit.
His ears strained to hear any sound from the forest behind them.  It was all so still
They trudged on, then, at the front, Duke called over his shoulder,  Everyone OK?  Were nearly through.  I can see the clearing through the trees.
Thank God.  Meatball wiped his face on a T-shirt already soaked with sweat.  At least out there, we can see whats coming.
Suddenly, they were free of the forest, out into the light and looking up at the clear expanse of open land that led up the hill.  
Doc looked nervously behind her, as they began the steep climb.  This was where
Just before the summit, they dropped to the ground, to catch their breath and gulp down what remained of their water.
You all right with that bag, Spike?  Duke said.  I can take a turn if you want.
Spike resolutely tightened the straps.
Im all right, he said.  I told Mr Price Id do it.
They sat, gazing back at the forest.  Dyou know, youre right, Terri murmured, it is too quiet.
At least theres no sign of any dinosaurs, said Meatball, I thought wed have seen something by now.
Praps theyre waiting till we get in the valley, so they can trap us, Billy said.  Thats what Id do if I were a dinosaur. 
Thanks for that, Bill.  Spike got to his feet and heaved the bag onto his back.  Come on, lets keep going.
The force field might be on, Doc said, in the vain hope that saying it might make it true,  Maybe its on all the time.  
With a final long stride, Meatball stood on the summit.  It wont be if theyve already left.
Terri gasped.  But surelywithout the crystal -
They may not know they need the crystal, perhaps they wont realise till after
He turned his head, and then stopped, mid-sentence, as his eyes fell on the spectacle in the distance.
Directly ahead of them, in the middle of the large open stretch of land that lay between them and any hope of reaching the Ishmec city, lay the body of an enormous dinosaur.  
Surrounding it, ripping at its flesh in a bloodbath of vicious teeth and claws, were creatures they had seen before, the huge, bony-headed dinosaurs that had rebounded at the force field.
The colour drained from Docs face.  The killing machines.
What are we going to do?
We cant go back, croaked Terri.
Well we sure as hell cant go forward, Spike muttered. 
Quietly, Billy said, Couldnt we go round?
Round? hissed Spike, stunned at the sheer absurdity of the idea.  Round? 
At the side of the group, Duke was staring at the scene but not seeing, trying to force an idea, any idea, to pop into his head. 
Dyou know, he said, glancing thoughtfully at Billy, That might not be such a bad idea.
Round.  Meatball fixed Duke with a look of disbelief.  How can we go round?  Theyll see us.
They might not, Duke said.  Not if we go along the top here and then cross further down.
It might just work, Doc said.
Terri agreed.  I dont see weve got any choice.
OK, said Spike, well go for it, weve got to get past them somehow.  Meatball?
Meatball didnt answer, he merely nodded.  The feeling of uneasiness was growing in him and at that moment, it was laying like a heavy stone upon his chest.
Keeping a watchful gaze on the frenzy of feeding in the distance, they started along the hill ridge.
They were almost adjacent to the creatures, halfway across the wide-open expanse, when the unthinkable happened.  A lone creature raised its head.  
They froze.
In the horrifying reality of the next few moments, Terri closed her eyes and prayed.  She prayed and prayed until her head hurt and a sudden flood of violet light drenched her mind.  Deep within the rucksack on Spikes back, the crystal began to pulse.
In the distance, the creature began to move in gangly, tentative steps.  Two others followed its lead.
Your bag, Spike!
Spike turned around.  Doc was staring at the rucksack.  Its glowing! she hissed.  Look at it!  Its glowing!
Spike threw his head back, trying to peer over his shoulder.  
Wrenching his gaze from the creatures in the distance, Meatball turned to glance at it.
Shes right, he gasped, flicking his gaze from one to the other, whats happening to it?
Spike wrenched the bag from his back as though it had bitten him, and lowered it to the floor.  Then he caught sight of Terri.  She stood, eyes closed, swaying slightly, as if in a trance. 
Suddenly, a column of violet light burst forth from the bag and cascaded out, forming an umbrella of light, that poured to the ground, spread like a shock wave halfway across the field, and stopped.
Slowly, Terri opened her eyes.  Its me, she said, faintly, Im doing it.  I can see it in my head.
They stared, open-mouthed. 
Whatwhat is it?  
Spike was looking across the field, where three dinosaurs stood, heads raised, scenting the air.
It must be a force field, he said.  And it had better work, because were going to have visitors.
As he spoke, one of the dinosaurs approached the perimeter.  A crackle of energy shot from the force field, striking the creature in the chest.
It cant get through!  Meatball cried.  It cant get at us -
Duke was looking anxiously at Terri, who already seemed to be feeling the strain.  Yeah, he said, But lets move it, it might not last.
Meatball grabbed Billy and threw him across his back and then setting off again at a run they careered across the field, desperately searching for any sign of the city.  As they neared the edge, Terri missed her footing, tripped and went sprawling across the grass.
Spike stumbled to a halt to pull her to her feet.  As he stood up, he saw the force field behind them flicker and then completely disappear.  
Its GONE! he screamed.  THE FORCE FIELDS GONE!  RUN FOR IT!
WHERES THE CITY?  
Its all right!  Terri struggled to reply.  They know were coming.
At that moment, out of a swirling mist, a dome of shimmering silver came into view and started to melt from the centre.
Hows thathows that happening?  Spike panted.  Whos doing it?  That you, Terri?
Never mind HOW! screeched Doc. Lets get inside!
Hurling themselves headlong through the melted opening, they landed with a sickening crunch on the floor.  Duke hit it first; a wheezing Doc piling in on top of him, closely followed by Meatball still struggling to keep Billy balanced on his back.  Unable to stop themselves, they rolled over and over on the floor, Billy flipping completely, coming to rest by Meatballs head.
A fraction of a second behind, Terri charged through the doorway, shrieking at Spike who was tugging at the straps of the bag as he staggered forward.  With the leading creature almost upon him, Spike took one enormous dive through the opening, and hit the ground hard.  Behind him, the door flowed shut.  
You are unhurt?
Clamouring for breath and aching in every limb, Spike looked up straight into the faces of Jophan and Neeza.
The purple band at Jophans throat pulsed with light.  You are unhurt? he repeated.  
Spike managed a nod, before collapsing again.
It is fortunate we were watching, Neeza said.  Did you receive my message, Terri?  I said we would open the door for you.
Terri reached up and touched her forehead with her finger.  I did, she laughed, in wonder.  So thats how I knew.
We were greatly concerned about the wild ones, Jophan continued, as they helped them to their feet.  There have been many attacks and for some time we have been unable to activate the force field.
The crystal!  Spike cried.  He pulled at the backpack, wrenching it open.  I hope its not damaged.
That is extremely unlikely.  
The tall, slender figure of Arisius appeared from the shadows.  
Welcome, he said.  We are relieved to see you safe.  It is wonderful to see you all again.  His gaze rested on Billy.  Who is this?
Spike put an arm around Billys shoulder.  
This is my brother, Billy, he said.  Hes helping us out this trip.
Arisius smiled down on him. 
I am very pleased to meet you, Billy, he said.  Billy stared up at him, starting a little as eyelids swished across the deep orange eyes looking into his.
Spike reached into the bag and placed the pyramid into Arisius hands.
Once again, we are in your debt, Arisius said.  The crystal we have is no longer viable.  
Two robed figures appeared at his side and Arisius passed the crystal into their hands, then, turning back to face them, he added, Please come and speak to my father before you leave.  But then, my friends, you must go.  We leave this planet within hours.  I shall ensure you have safe escort back to the portal.

*

A gift for you all, Arisius said, handing them a small package.  To serve as a reminder of your time with us.
They were standing once more by the cave entrance, their task completed.  Duke took the gift from his hands.  Thank you, he said.  Im afraid we have nothing 
The Sentinel smiled.  You have already given us more than we can repay.
Excuse me, Sentinel.  Doc looked at him, thoughtfully.  How much time has passed here?  Since our last visit.  How long ago was that?  
Arisius answered promptly.  Three months.
Three months?  Meatball looked around at the others.  Then the portals definitely on the blink.
The feeling of foreboding returned with a rush, filling his mind.  What was it? The threatwhat was it?  If only he could see
Is there a problem? Arisius face was creasing in concern.
No, we should be OK, said Doc.  We might be a bit late, thats all.
But you will be safe?
Duke nodded. 
Of course, sir, its like Doc says, well just be a bit late.
Late? mocked Terri, as they said their last goodbyes and walked into the cave.  Well probably be reported as missing by now.  Mumll be frantic.
Well be all right, said Spike.  Well probably come out when we left.
The feeling of anxiety was growing in Meatball.  We might not, he murmured.  We might come out fifty years after.
Duke stopped in his tracks.  What are we going to do if we come out a hundred years too early?  
That wont happen, Terri mumbled.  It wont.  Well come out the right time, weve got to. 
Well be all right, Spike said firmly.  Anywaywere not going yet, are we?
Not going?  Now what are you on about?
Not going?  Duke repeated. 
I dont think we should hang about, Meatball cautioned nervously.  This whole place doesnt feel right to me.
Butthe spaceshipwhat about the spaceship?  Spike said.  We cant go without seeing it lift off.  Theyre going in a while, soon as they get back to the City, Arisius said.  Weve got to see it, weve got to.  We can go to the top of that mound and watch.
Billy was wide-eyed with excitement.  Lets go and watch!
Might be dangerous, Spike -
Dont see why, he said.  Arisius said the asteroid wouldnt hit for a day or two yet.  We can see the spaceship, watch them take off and then get back through the cave.
Suppose it would be a shame to miss it, Duke agreed.  What dyou reckon, Meatball?
I reckon Id feel a whole lot better if I could remember, Meatball murmured.
Remember what?
I cant remember -
Spike walked out of the cave and across to the mound to settle down on the top.  Well, I think we should see it, he said.  Terri?  You dont want to miss it, do you?
Terri was quiet.  Part of her was saying they should go now, quickly, and yet there was part of her that was saying it was something she shouldnt missand she was with Spike and the others
Duke made a decision.  OK, he said.  Well stay and watch it.  But then we go.  Straight after.  Agreed?
Straight after.
They sat down on the mound, huddled together against a creeping chill in the air, watching and waiting in the total stillness.
On the tropical horizon, the sun was beginning to set, slipping behind ribbons of cloud, throwing streaks across the sky and turning the whole landscape an ethereal shade of orangey-pink.  In the fading light, faint stars were becoming visible, pulsing softly in the porcelain sky.  The moon was out already, but only in its first quarter, a thin banana of creamy radiance.
A kind of apprehensive hush was settling on the world.  Nothing moved.  There were no dinosaurs roaming the land or giant winged creatures that had soared overhead, screeching and calling.
Untying her jumper, Doc slipped it on.  The others folded their arms and sat closer together for warmth.  
Isnt it quiet?  Terri breathed.
Meatball looked uneasy.  Perhaps they know something we ought to.
They looked down at the trees with the ferns and flowers that now stood rigid, like cardboard cut-outs.
Dyou think they do know? said Terri.  About the spaceship, I mean?  I know it sounds silly -
Perhaps theyre testing the engines or something, Billy said.  Perhaps they can feel it.
Trees are very deep rooted, Doc pointed out.  Theyd be likely to sense something long before us.
Well, I cant hear anything, Spike said. I suppose it is today theyre going.
Duke pulled his knees up to his chin and wrapped his arms about them.  Thats what Arisius said. 
For forty-five long, silent minutes, they waited.
Then, through the ground under her legs, Terri felt the mere hint of a tremor.  Did you feel that? 
What?
The ground moved again.  Gently, no more than a faint ripple in the soil.
I felt that, Doc whispered.
Meatball got to his feet.  Somethings happening!
Could just be an earth tremor, said Doc.
The ground trembled again.
Thats not a tremor, Meatball declared, staring down at the earth.  Thats too regular.
One by one, he lifted his feet, peering at his trainers as if the vibration was coming from there.
Again, the earth trembled.
The others stood up to join him, clutching at each other for support.
This must be it!  Spike cried.  Perhaps the noise from the engines is making the ground shake!  They must be lifting off.
Unsteadily, they looked across at the valley wall where the entrance to the City had been for any sign of something moving; any sight of a spaceship or craft, but there was nothing to be seen.
Ive just had a thought, Duke said, quietly.  Were standing here waiting for itwhat if we cant see it?  What if its invisible or something?  If they can produce a force field
Huh!  Billy pouted.  Thats great, that is!  Waiting here all this time and then we cant see it!
The trembling beneath their feet increased to a dull rumble.  The grassy mound on which they stood started to shake.  
Terri clutched at Spikes arm.  The rumble was increasing, sending shudders through their bodies.  
They cant have gone yet, Duke said.  It wouldnt still be rumbling.
The rumbling in the ground was growing.  And with it came a noise, like thunder rolling around the sky, a cavernous sound that seemed to come from deep within the earth.  It grew louder and louder until the grassy mound on which they stood split wide open and crumbled into a pile of soil.  
Meatballs heart began to pound, his face draining of colour.  Now he was starting to remember



TWENTY-ONE

Closure


Slipping and sliding on what was left of the mound, they grasped crazily at each other, struggling to keep their balance, as it splayed outward into a pool of shifting soil and stones.  Beneath them, the earth shuddered into rippling patterns.  They staggered backward, arms waving wildly in the air, almost tripping over each others feet.
Over the mounting din of the quaking ground, they looked down into the valley below.  In the deepest part of the basin, the lush green land was beginning to shake.  
Look at that!  
Doc pointed a shaking finger toward the ground in the valley basin.  In the centre, the ground was rising.
An enormous fissure broke on the surface and was now snaking its way at devastating speed across the valley floor.
In the opposite direction, a second gash had appeared which was now racing across to collide with the first.  Where they finally met, partway up the back valley wall, they erupted into a deep tear in the earth that widened and stretched into a massive ravine. 
As they watched, the ravine began to swallow the whole side of the valley like some monstrous harvester.  Soil, shrubs, trees, even dinosaurs running from the noise began to slither helplessly into the gaping wound.
Standing precariously on the shaking plateau above, they gazed in awe at the scene playing out before them, at the ground yawning, at the black cliffs of soil, at the living things disappearing into the gloom of the abyss.
Am I seeing things? Terri gasped, her attention caught suddenly by a movement,  or are those trees getting bigger?
Theyre not getting bigger, Billy said.  Theyre going up!
What trees?
Over on the hill there.  Look!
Terri pointed to the enormous hills beyond the valley.
Tearing their eyes from the drama of the valley floor, they stared at a skyline that seemed to be rising into the air. 
The hillsideitsitsgrowing!  
Spike swallowed hard.  Its not growingits moving upwards -
The entire hillside seemed to be swelling and lifting like a new-baked loaf, rising into the sky; a colossal   chunk of land tearing from its roots, shedding enormous quantities of earth, trees and rock that rained downwards, cascading into the gaping hole.
I dont believe it!  Meatball yelled.  The whole hillsides moving!  Look at the size of it!
In the deepening sunset, the mass of earth began to vibrate.  A high-pitched scream howled through the red and purple sky, bouncing around the echo chamber of the valley walls. 
The noise was mind numbing.  They fell to their knees in the dust, covering their ears with their arms in a feeble attempt to shut it out.
Squinting through half-closed eyes, they watched the floating hillside crack apart, crumble, and fall away in enormous jagged fragments that plunged into the valley sending up billowing clouds of dust.
After some moments the screaming lessened, then faded and died, leaving only a dull murmur that throbbed through the ground with a regular pulse. 
Then, in the eerie aftermath, they caught their first glimpse of it, still vaguely shrouded in what remained of the crumbling hillside. 
But now, at last, it was free.
OhmyGod!  Spike whispered.  
Its gigantic! croaked Doc.  Its flaming gigantic!
Meatball slowly nodded his head, his mouth hanging open.  Itit 
Terris eyes pricked with tears of wonder.  Its breathtaking -
On the bare earth of the plateau, Duke stood up and raised his eyes to the heavens, trying to take in the enormity of the sight before them.  Hovering in the celestial blue of the early evening sky, blotting out a vast portion of the twinkling stars, was a cylindrical star ship of unbelievable proportions, the outside surface swirling in whirlpools and eddies of silver.
Glistening in the last remnants of the sun, it hovered, hanging in the air, pulsing with brilliance.
Its fantastic, he breathed.  Ive never seen anything like it.
One by one, the others got slowly to their feet and straightened up.
Wait till I tell Gran about this!  Billy whispered.  Shell never believe it!
For what felt like an age, the star ship floated just above the hills, casting a shadow across the whole of the valley.  They scarcely moved, captivated by the churning and rippling of the outer casing.  
Then abruptly, as though someone had flicked a switch, the swirling stopped.  The outer shell melded into a solid shape, which began to pulse steadily with a deep violet light.  
Its beautiful, Terri whispered.
Spellbound, they waited, watching. 
As it pulsed, the ships outer casing seemed to pixelate into symmetrical pieces, which then began to rearrange themselves, shunting one against the other, before finally contracting into a giant silver ball.  The ball began to turn, slowly at first, then faster and faster, throbbing with light.
And with it came the sound.  With each spin, the ball emitted a deep humming sound that grew in intensity as it increased in speed.  It spun faster and faster, humming louder and louder, until with one final ear-shattering blast, it was gone.
For a long moment, they could hear distant reverberations, like heavy drumming of thunderand then the sky was full of an echoing emptiness.
Shell-shocked, the six friends stood, swaying slightly.
Brilliant, said Meatball, at last.  
If I hadnt just seen itId never have believed it, Terri sighed.
Billy struggled to close his mouth.
I dont think, Doc said, that I will ever forget that.
Goose pimples pricked on Spikes skin.  Didnt I say it would be good?
Beside them, Duke gave a long whistle.  Doc was right; it was one of those things theyd never forget.  This whole place was unforgettable.
Unforgettableand yetnow, his feet itched to be home.  Alone in this strange world, everything seemed so much more frightening.
They walked into the cave.
Ill be glad to get home, said Terri, gripped by an unexplained sense of urgency.
Doc nodded.  Me too.
Suppose so, said Billy sulkily.  I was enjoying it though.
Time to go home, Billy, Spike reminded him, walking towards the wall of the cave.  Granll be worried.  His chest and arm hit the wall with a loud slap.  Wait a minute -
Duke rushed at the wall and thudded against solid rock.
What the -
Pushing the others aside, Meatball hurled his full weight against the wall. 
Its closed! he cried, rubbing his shoulder.  The portals closed!
Terri threw herself against the wall, clawing at it with her fingers.  Thats not possibleit cant be
For a moment, no one knew what to do.
Duke gave a nervous laugh.  Itit cant be, he said.  It was there before.  When we came in.  It cant just disappear -
What on earth do we do now?  Docs sensible logical voice was beginning to waver.
Meatball fought to control the terrible fear rising within him.  The storm mustve affected it more than we thought, lets try elsewhere in the cave, it might have opened somewhere else.
They rushed at the other walls, pushing them, throwing their weight against them, even kicking them, but with no success.  The walls were exactly what they appeared to be.  Solid rock.
Were going to die.  Terri stood, ashen-faced.  Were trapped here and were going to die.
We dont know that, Spike said.  It might only be temporary.
Billy put his arms around Terri and squeezed.  Itll be all right.
Course it will, said Spike.  I say lets give it ten minutes and try again.
Good idea, Duke agreed.  Thats probably what it is. A temporary fault.
Terri whirled around.  This isnt the telly.  This is our life were talking about!
Duke and Spike looked at each other and then back at Terri.  
Got any better ideas?  Spike asked, gently.
Terris face fell.  She faltered for a moment and then she murmured, No. 
Itll probably be OK, Doc burbled, staring at the wall.  Itll probably be OK.
Meatball laughed, a silly unconvincing laugh.  Ten minutes.
They gave it ten minutes.  And then another ten minutes.  They tried all the walls, the ceiling, even the floor, but still the portal refused to open.
What shall we do now?  Doc asked.
Spike shrugged his shoulders.  We check it all again, he said.  And then - 
And then?
For the first time since the whole adventure began, Spike felt lost.  For the first time he couldnt think what to do next.
And thenI dunno, he admitted.  I just keep thinkingwell, this cant be it, can it?  I mean
This isnt it, Meatball declared.  It cant be.  Id know it if it was.  I dont know how, he stressed, in answer to a look from Doc, I just know I would.  There must be something we can do.  Think.
They sat for a while, racking their brains for an idea.  Terri thought hard for several minutes, then stood up and walked out of the claustrophobic atmosphere of the cave.
I need some air, she muttered.  
Outside did little to inspire her.  From out of nowhere the clouds seem to have increased and were now being blown across the sky in an increasing wind.  On her face, she felt the first faint drops of rain. 
Oh great, she mumbled.  Thats all we need.
It was then she felt a shaking sensation beneath her feet.
Hey, this grounds still rumbling, she called.
Doc wandered outside to join her.  What?  Still?  But the Ishmecs are long gone.
Duke and Meatball stepped out from the cave.  Shes right you know, it is still rumbling.
They stared down at their feet.  Thats odd, said Meatball.  Some kind of after-shock, dyou think?
After-shock?  Doc snorted.  Hardly. You only get them after an
She stopped.  And then she went into one of her analysis moments, the sort of moment shed had when shed listened to the translation of the ball.  Her face wore the same look it had been wearing when Spike presented her with the leg bone.  The computer in her brain was sifting data.
You normally get those, she continued at last,  after an earthquake.
She waited a moment for that statement to sink in.
An earthquake?  Duke gasped.
An earthquake?  Meatball echoed.  But thered be 
He looked around at the scene of utter devastation that now surrounded them, at the missing hillside and the enormous ravine in the valley.  But that lot, he said.  That was the star ship taking off, right?
Maybe it wasnt, Spike said.  Maybe it was an earthquake and
Well it mustve been a pretty small earthquake, Terri said dismissively.  She started to walk to where the mound had been to get a better view.
You can get small earthquakes, Doc called after her.  Todays might just be the start.  Perhaps theres a really enormous one on its way.
Oh, brilliant.  Trust you to look on the bright side!  Terris foot slipped on the wet mud and she fell forward, putting out her hands to cushion her fall.  Raindrops pummelled her T-shirt as she tried to stand, stinging her back.  Is it ever dry in this place? 
There was an enormous boom of thunder and a fork of lightning blazed across the sky as she clambered slowly to her feet, raised her head, and looked out over the valley.  Behind her on the plateau Spike took another look over his shoulder at the cave and started toward it, closely followed by Billy.  Maybe the portal had opened again
Spose its got to be worth giving it another try, Meatball said, as they turned to join him.
Spike!  Spike!
Perched high on a risen ridge of earth Terri stood in the pouring rain, rigid with shock.  Before the others could move, Spike had burst from the cave and scaled the ridge in two leaps to land beside her.  He didnt need to ask; the light from another bolt of lightning told him everything he needed to know.
On the far side of the valley, beyond the huge chasm left by the star ship, the hillside had collapsed.  Unsupported, and succumbing to pressure from the other side, it had crumbled away and disappeared beneath a colossal tidal wave of water that had cascaded in a torrent over the ridge and was now flooding into the valley, sweeping away everything in its path.  
In the few seconds it took the others to reach the top of the ridge, the water had almost filled what was left of the valley and it was still pouring relentlessly over the hillside, snatching and pulling at anything that lived, dragging it to oblivion.  
Swinging violently around, Doc started running toward the cave.
Duke started after her, grabbing at her arm, wrenching her back.  No!  Not the cave.  Think about it, Doc, weve got to get to high ground.
Panic-stricken, she pulled at his grip.  The portal!  It might be open!  Weve got to get back!  The portal!
Duke released her arm and stared her straight in the face. 
Weve just checked, he said, solemnly.  There is no portal.  Weve got to get to higher ground, Doc.  Its our only chance 
She nodded, bleakly. 
Duke turned and yelled over his shoulder.
Meatball!  Get Billy!  
Meatball heaved Billy onto his shoulders.
Got him! he yelled.  He spun around.  Spike! Come on!
On the top of the muddy ridge, Spike gave himself a mental slap to shake himself back into action.  Leaning across, he grabbed Terris hand.
She was standing, staring at the wall of water pouring over the hillside.  Were not going to make it, she mumbled.  We cant beat that lot.
She swung around to face him.  Its hopeless
Spike looked back at her.  Weve got to try, he said.  Weve got to get to higher ground.  Come on, Terri, its our only hope.
Pulling at her arm, he staggered and slid down the ridge and together they ran after the others up the hill and onto the roof of the cave, where they stood for a brief moment, dragging in painful gasps of breath.
Beneath them, the water was still climbing and was now almost level with the plateau.  The surface was turgid, littered with bodies and trees, huge clods of soil spinning effortlessly around in the swirling mass.
Its like a whole seas coming in!  Weve got to get higher!
Where the hell to?
There!  Spikes voice rang out.  He pointed high in the air at the face of the cliffs.  Somewhere above them, the black outline of a massive tree was just visible against the night sky.  Thats where we make for!  That tree!  
Still grasping Terris hand, he blundered forward, scrambling up the incline, almost on all fours.  Meatball clambered up behind them, Billy gripping tightly around his waist and shoulders, Doc and Duke following, struggling to get a foothold on the wet cliff face.
With one enormous heave, Meatball hurled Billy through the air to land safely on a ledge with Terri and then he and Spike half-climbed, half-slid down to Duke and Doc, grabbed their hands, dragged them up onto the ledge, then scrambled up beside them.
They barely had time to stand upright before the water roared into the cave, battering the rear wall, shaking the ledge beneath them.
Grasping at Meatballs arm, Spike leaned carefully outward.
Its still coming! he cried.  We have to get higher!  We have to reach the tree!
They set off again, pushing themselves on, higher and higher, ignoring the cuts and the searing pain in their muscles, conscious only of the terrifying roar of the rising water. 
Halfway up the rocky crags, Terris hand slipped and she slid violently downwards, scraping the skin from her leg, little rivulets of rainwater pouring across her face as she groped desperately at the cliff.  Turning, Spike lunged across, trying to hold her steady, but her foot slipped from the mossy rock and she slid further down.
On Meatballs back, Billy stretched himself as far as he could and grabbed at Terri, grasping her T-shirt and wrapping it round and round his hand.  Below, Doc threw herself against the cliff face, wedging her slender shoulders against Terris legs to stop her falling any further. 
Meatball gripped with all his might at a slippery crevice in the rock, ignoring the pain as his knuckles scraped against the sharp edge, whilst he felt for a foothold from which to support himself.  Beside him, Duke pushed his shoulder hard against the cliff face to support them both.  
Carefully, Spike slid to within reach and then grasping at a long clump of thick grass, he wrapped it tightly around his hand and leaned down to grip Terris shoulder and pull her back.
Exhausted and shaking, Terri leaned against the cliff for a moment.
We have to keep going! he yelled.  
Through the stinging rain, Terri looked down at the water beneath them.  The cave had now disappeared beneath the waves.
Nausea flooded over her. 
Terri!  Spikes voice cut through the din of the rain and water.  She looked up at him.  His face was bleeding.  Come on! 
Swallowing hard, she began to climb. 
Below them, Meatball was struggling, his arms and legs throbbing with the strain.  In sudden alarm, he felt Billy sliding from his back.  Automatically, he released one hand and reached around to grab him.
Billy!  Keep still!
I can do it!  Billy cried, sliding onto to the cliff face.  You cant take me nall! I can do it, Meatball! 
Meatball couldnt answer.  He merely nodded and stretched a long arm across and around him as they climbed.  
Further down, tears started to trickle down Docs cheeks and averting her gaze from the billowing water below, she lifted her face to the lashing rain to wash them away.  They had to make it, they had to, they couldnt hold onto the cliff face forever.
From the corner of her eye, she saw Duke wedge his hand into a crevice above her and pull himself up, dragging her up to join him.  The cliff face looked dark and menacing, but somewhere up above she saw the clouds break and the faint flicker of starlight.
Somehow, they reached the very top of the cliff, where they collapsed, exhausted and gasping onto the plateau.  Chests heaving, limbs trembling with exertion, they lay there for a few moments, then dragged themselves up again and stumbled towards the tree.
In a last act of desperation, they launched themselves at the trunk and disappeared, one by one, into its depths.
No wavesno soundno lightnothing



TWENTY-TWO

The Universal Plan


Spike! Spike!  Are you all right?
Spikes eyes flickered painfully open.  
Gran?
Thank heavens youre OK, said a voice.  
Phyllis?  
Wavering and echoing, Spikes voice seemed to belong to someone else, detached somehow, as though the voice were here, but he were not.
Its all right, dear.  Youre safe now, she said.  A towel drifted out of somewhere and wrapped itself around him.  As if out of a dream, Spike floated gently back down to earth to hear voices that were now clear and heart-warmingly familiar.  GranPhyllis
Spike?
Spike saw Billy pushing himself up onto one elbow.  Phyllis was there to cocoon him in a towel. 
Youyou OK, Bill? he heard himself saying.
Billy smiled a weak smile.  Im OK.
Spike looked across at Terri, who was just opening her eyes.  Terri, you OK?
Terris response was little more than a croak.  Where are we?
Beside her, Doc rubbed her eyes and sat up.
Youre in Yew Cottage, Gran explained.  Youre all safe now.
Yew Cottage?  Meatballs head throbbed as he sat up.  How did we get here?
All in good time, said Phyllis, throwing another towel around his shoulders.  When youve warmed yourselves and had something hot to drink.
Dukes back ached as he tried to straighten up and the warm towel that enveloped him felt good.
Gently, Gran slipped an arm about Spikes shoulders.
Youre all home, she said, softly.  Come and sit by the fire.
Too weary and stunned to answer, they collapsed into the deep sofas and sat motionless in front of a log fire, cuddling cups of hot chocolate as Gran and Phyllis cleaned their wounds, applying balm and dressings.
For a long time they sat, staring at the dancing flames and listening to the crackling and spitting of the logs.  They felt so desperately tired.
Spike looked up.
In the morning, Gran said, before he could ask the question that demanded an answer.  In the morning.  For now, sleep is the only thing that matters.  Your parents know youre here, she added, in answer to Terris anxious glance.  They think Spikes invited you over.
Her eyes twinkled.
Do me a favour, Spike, Meatball mumbled later, as his head hit the total bliss of a soft warm pillow.  Dont invite us over again.

*

The following morning brought frost-embroidered windows and a fresh thick fall of overnight snow.  The sun was out, peeping through the pale grey clouds, peppering the snow with pinpricks of light.
As Spike looked out, shielding his eyes against the glare, he thought about the events of the previous day, events that now seemed a lifetime away.  He glanced across at the huge old sofa that had served as a bed for Duke and Meatball.  It was empty.
Pulling on a sweater, he slipped his feet into his trainers and set off for the kitchen.
Hooray!  Meatball called, as Spike stepped in through the door to the smell of frying bacon,  its finally up!
We were just going to send out a search party, Duke laughed.  We thought you were off in cloud cuckoo land again.
Spike pulled a face.  Its not my fault, he said.  Bigger brains need more kip.
Bigger head more like, said Terri.  She pulled out a chair for him to sit down, as Gran placed a plate in front of him.
Bacon and eggs?  
Thanks, Gran.  Spike paused, looking around at the others.  So, what have I missed?
Nothing so far, Doc said. 
After breakfast, Gran said, over her shoulder.  Well talk about everything after breakfast.

*

Its probably best, she said, as they sat in the sitting room later that morning, if you ask me any questions you haveassuming you do have any, of course, she added, with a smile.  Phyllis and I will try to answer them as best we can.  Of course, there are certain circumstances over which we have limited control, so were hoping you can fill in those details for us.
She leaned forward in her chair.  Spike?  Would you like to start?
Spike had been staring at the logs on the fire, but now he looked up.  How did we get here, Gran?  From the tree I meanhow did we get here?
Through a time portal, she said, simply.
The tree was a time portal?
Im surprised you never recognised it, Phyllis added, with a laugh.  It was Solomon who brought you home.
Solomon?  Terri gasped.  Solomon is a time portal?
A very special time portal, said a voice from the doorway.  Joseph Price was leaning against the doorframe, wearing a thick woollen coat and hat.  
Ah, Joseph, said Gran.  Perfect timing.  Come and have a seat.
Joseph slipped off his coat and hat and sat down in the old leather armchair.  
How is it special, Mr Price?
Firelight reflected in Josephs eyes.  Solomon is special, he continued, because he can open wherever and whenever he is needed.  It was your Grans idea you know, the top of the cliff.  Quite a good plan, I must say.  Nearly as good as my own.
He winked at Gran, who shook her head.
So thats how the tree appeared, said Terri in wonder.  I thought I hadnt seen it before.
But we came out in the hallway, Gran, Spike pointed out.
Yes, well, thats because Solomon opened in the yew tree that forms the backbone of Yew Cottage, she said.  Solomon is extremely old.  He is also the old oak tree in the far field, she added.  When he wants to be.
Spike shook his head in amazement.  All this time, he said.  All this time and I never knew.
Hes special in other ways, too, Joseph said.  Youll all learn more about him in time.
Thats enough about Solomon for the moment, Phyllis said.  Youve been through quite an ordeal.  Do you feel up to telling us about it?
The room became alive with voices as they all tried to speak at once, interrupting, talking across one another, recounting everything that had happened since Ed found a bone on Gullivans land, from the first trip to the last, when they discovered the portal had closed.
If it hadnt been for the tree, said Spike, running a hand through the gelled spikes on his head,  I reckon wed have had it.
Yes, Gran, when we got back, the portal had gone, said Billy.  And then, suddenly, we couldnt get back 
You kept your heads, Joseph said.  Thats the main thing.
Sitting on a small seat by the fireplace, Terri stared down into the hearth.
I didnt, she said.  I panicked.  If it hadnt been for the others -
No you didnt, Spike interrupted.  And anyway, you cant help it.  Youre one of those reactor types, all emotions.  But if you werent, he stressed,  you couldnt have opened the ball or the safe -
He counted them off on his fingers.
Or produced the force field or got that message from Neeza and wed all be done for.
What Spike says is quite true, Gran added.  Each of you has your own particular ability.  And sometimes possessing such an ability may mean you are vulnerable in other areas, but make no mistake
She glanced around at them all.
The abilities each of you possess are equally important.  Its a lesson you should learn for the future.  You must work together as a team, for you are co-dependant.
Your friendship is just one of many things that are preordained, Phyllis said.  You must always be there to support one another.
And anyway, Doc chipped in,  you werent the only one who panicked, Terri.  I wasnt much better.  Normally Id have looked at the situation logically, but faced with that lot, it all went out the window.  All I could think was that there was no portal and we were all going to be drowned.
Spike looked up at his grandmother.  Why wasnt there a portal, Gran?
Time Portals are such tenuous things, she explained.  That is to say, they can be affected by the smallest of disturbances.  In most circumstances their position remains constant, but their properties can be affected.
You seem to know a great deal about them, Mrs Makepeace, Duke said.
Gran smiled.
And so I should, she said.  Thats the part we are to play.  
Gran rested her hands in her lap, and looked at them all.  We are all part of a sort ofUniversal Plan, she said.  A predetermined and unalterable plan for the Universe, a plan of which you, Phyllis and I  and Mr Price  are just a small, but vital part.
Whats your job in this Universal Plan thingy then, Gran?  
Mr Price, Phyllis and I are Custodians, Gran explained.  Caretakers, if you like, of Time Portals.  Its our job to see that they are used safely and correctly, to ensure the smooth running of the Plan
So, if youre Custodians, Doc interrupted, what are we?
Joseph Price answered.
At the moment, youre just beginning on the course Destiny has mapped out for you, but one day you will have acquired sufficient knowledge and experience to become Custodians yourselves. 
And the Ishmecs? asked Meatball.  Are they part of the Plan?
The Ishmecs are an ancient race that settled on the earth many millions of years ago, after their own planet in the Cassiopeia constellation was in danger.  They have painstakingly collected the DNA profile of many of the prehistoric life forms on the Earth and have stored them for possible re-creation at a later date.
Does the portal remain open? Doc asked, toasting her toes before the fire. The time portalI mean Solomoncould anything else
Nothing from the past can ever come forward in time, in living form, Joseph reassured her.  Only those that Destiny has chosen can cross a time portal and survive.
But Gullivan crossed it, Billy pointed out.
Quite right, Billy.  He did.  And for a momenta brief moment, he stressed, looking across at Gran and Phyllis, whose eyebrows were distinctly raised, I did wonder about that.  But of course, had he not crossed, you would not have followed and the Ishmecs would not have been saved.
Maybe thats why Gullivan wants Yew Cottage, Terri said.  Dyou think he knows its special?  Could he know about Solomon?
Its unlikely, Phyllis said, shaking her head.  A lock of silver hair dislodged itself from an ornate clasp and fell across her eyes.  She tucked it neatly behind her ear. Though with that man one can never be sure.
One can never be sure of anything where Cornelius Gullivan is concerned, Gran muttered.  As I told you, there are certain things about which even we have limited knowledge.  He may well be used in the future -
From his place in front of the fire, Ed yawned.  Spike leaned down to stroke him.  
It was odd that, wasnt it? he said, looking up.  About Ed, I mean.  He didnt seem at all bothered by the Ishmecs.
I daresay Arisius spoke to him by thought, Phyllis said.  They can do that, you know, with intelligent creatures.
I believe they tried it with the dinosaurs in the beginning, Joseph added, but they were too stupid.
Doc shivered at the memory of the razor-sharp teeth and claws.  They didnt look very stupid when they were chasing us, she said, that one nearly had Spike.
Dont say thatI dont want to think about it, murmured Terri, quietly.
For crying out loud, dont start thinking about all that stuff, Spike said.  It never got me, did it? So theres no point in thinking about it.
Duke sat up and in his usual commanding voice, said,  Spikes right.  Were all safe, arent we?  Thats what matters.
I guess, Meatball murmured.  He stood up and walked across to the window, watching tiny particles of dust floating in the rays of the winter sun.  But now what happens?  Things arent going to be the same, are they?
He turned around to look at Joseph Price.
No, said Joseph,  Things wont be the same, but for the time being, they will carry on as normal.  When the snow clears, you should be able to return to school
School? Billy interrupted. Oh great!  Thats that then.
Duke glanced at him.  Dont you think weve had enough for one day? he said.  Or is it two days?  Or three days?  What day is it anyway?
Its Sunday, Phyllis replied.  Sunday the fourteenth.
The letter  
Spike nodded, slowly.  It said in the letter, didnt it?  Look forward to seeing you all on the 13th.
Duke gave a faint smile. Of course.
The conversation faded, as memories flooded back, and a strange stillness overcame them.  The whole adventure seemed to be years ago, yet at the same time, only yesterday.
It all seems so weird, Duke said, Like it happened to someone else.
It will take some adjustment, Gran said, softly. 
Joseph Price bent down and placed another log on the fire.  Well be here to support you, he said.
At that moment, Spike spun around in his seat.  The package!  The Ishmecs gave us a present before we left!
Doc leaped to her feet.  Oh yesId forgotten all about that. What happened to it?  We didnt drop it, did we?
Its OK, Ive got it. 
Dipping into his jacket pocket, Duke pulled out a small, pyramid-shaped box covered in seamless silver, and held it up for them all to see.  He turned it a couple of times, and then shrugged and passed it across to Terri.
Looks like youve got to open it, he said.
Terri took it from him and placed it down in the centre of the carpet.  Gazing at the pyramid, she focused on its heart and then closed her eyes.
Almost at once, it began to open in sections like a flower.  From the tip of each petal, a beam of shimmering light splayed outwards and upwards like floodlights and as the lights moved upward, several holographic figures began to appear.
Meatball gave a yell.  Arisius! 
And the Elder!  Doc cried.  And Jophan, look, and Neeza!
Our greetings to you all. 
The figure of Arisius stared straight ahead.  
By the time you view this message, we will be on our way to our new home.  But we could not leave without saying farewell and expressing our heartfelt gratitude for all you have done.
You have shown exemplary courage, the Elder continued, and our people will be forever in your debt.
Terri! said Neeza.  Practise every day, you have the gift!
Neeza and I wish to give you something, Jophan interrupted, leaning forward.  Youll find it in Spikes bag.  
Arisius silenced them with a wave of his hand.
This is not a final farewell, my friends, for we are destined to meet again, but until that time our thoughts and prayers go with you.
Goodbye! called Neeza.
Goodbye! 
The figure of Jophan could be seen darting forward as the image faded.  Then it disappeared, sucked rapidly back into the pyramid.
The room was silent, save for the heavy ticking of the clock.
Doc heaved a sigh. I shall miss them, she said, quietly.
Will we really see them again? Duke asked.
Joseph Price nodded.
Oh yes. Thats why it was so vital to get the crystal to the Ishmecs, so they could escape before the asteroid hit the earth.  They had to be protected at all costs, for it is they who in the future, will come to our assistance.
Terri stood, staring down at the pyramid, feeling rather satisfied.
Neeza says I have a gift, she murmured.  Dyou reckon I have, Spike?  Spike?
She twisted around.  Spikes seat was empty.  From somewhere out in the hallway, they heard a cry.   
Blimey!  Diamonds!
Obviously a few Gullivan didnt manage to acquire, Joseph said, leaning back in his chair.  But his prospecting days may soon be over.  A smile touched his face.   I think maybe this time I may have arranged for him to meet his match
Gran looked at him.  Joseph, what have you done?
Joseph simply smiled.



TWENTY-THREE

Josephs Revenge


Gullivan listened as a second cartridge dropped into the barrel of Old Bessie with a comforting rap and then he snapped it shut and slid it across the front seat of the taxi, where it nestled with his gun and an assortment of knives and ammunition.  He nodded in satisfaction.  Should be enough there to last a while in Dinoland.
With some effort, he heaved open the rear door and threw in a large rucksack filled with supplies, then taking one last glance at the house, he jumped back into the drivers seat.  Time was short and it wouldnt take the McKendricks long to pick up his trail.  
It had been a damn near thing at the airport.  If he hadnt nipped out for that cigarette hed never have seen that ugly great moron until it was too late.  As it was, hed only escaped by the skin of his teeth.  Thank God for taxis.  That guy wouldnt leave the engine running a second time.  
He wanted to laugh.  Especially when he thought of the look on Molly McKendricks face as hed sailed past her in the taxi and her still sitting there, waiting for that brain-dead Neanderthal to figure out what was going on.
He wanted so much to laugh, but the terror that was building up in his gut was threatening to overwhelm him and he knew if he started to laugh, hed bawl his eyes out.
In a panic, the car keys slipped from his sweating hands and fell to the floor.  He bent down, cursing, fumbling for them on the carpet, grabbed them and slid the key into the lock.
The engine spluttered and died.
Please, start!   
A bead of sweat rolled down his nose and dripped onto the steering wheel.
Again, he turned the key.  The starter motor screamed, the engine faltered twice and then roared into life. 
Skidding on the snow-crusted driveway, Gullivan pulled out into the gloom of the country lane and accelerated away.  Flat out would be good, but not on this road, the bends were too dangerous.  He flicked the headlights to full beam. The road up ahead was winding and treacherous even in the daytime and he needed all the help he could get.  Damn this weather! He didnt seem to be getting anywhere, even the trees, skeletal and laden with snow, seemed to be bending down to grasp him as he passed.  
He swallowed hard and tightened his grip on the steering wheel as he swerved into another bend.  
Then something in the rear view mirror caught his eye.   Imagination?  No, there it was again.  The outline of a large black car.
GodNo!  The McKendricks!  And theyd spotted him.  Cursing, he slammed his foot down hard on the pedal and felt the engine bolt away.   If he could just get to the portal
Racing along, he careered wildly around the next bend, wrenching the wheel hard over, skidding on the icy road.  Behind him, the large black car increased its speed, looming once more into his rear view mirror.
Almost therenot long now
Frantically, Gullivan swung around the final corner and along the track.  Hed have to leave the supplies, just grab his gun.
Stamping on the brakes, the tyres of the taxi slewed to a halt.  Gullivan leaped from the drivers seat, grabbed the shotgun and ran full pelt towards the bridge.
Seconds behind, the large black car roared into view and swung around the corner.  In the comfort of the passenger seat, Molly McKendrick seethed with rage.
There he is!  Follow him, you fool!
The black car surged ahead, bouncing along the rocky ground.
An electric window purred downward, a womans arm reached out and pointed a gun at Gullivans retreating body.   An index finger closed around the trigger.
In a desperate panic, Gullivan bounded forward onto the bridge.  If he could just make the portal before a bullet hit him
Somewhere behind him, he heard the gun fire oncetwice  
Gullivan kept running, something inside him still waiting for the searing pain.
Nothing happened.  A deep-throated laugh of relief welled up inside him.  Missed!  She missed!  She couldnt hit a barn door with a banjo.  Well, he wouldnt miss them!
Swift as lightning, he swung back around and whipped Bessie up to his shoulder.  
And then he stopped, the shotgun slipping down his shirt.  What?
The space before him was empty.  Nothing.  Only the bridge, the path, and the track beyond.  No cars, no McKendricks, no gun, no bullet, no anything.  Gullivans mouth dropped.  How was that possible?
Inside the large black car, the silence was equally deafening as they stared at the empty bridge.  Slowly, the woman pulled in the gun.  
Beside her the man looked down at Molly, who, for once, had been struck dumb.
Where the hell did he go?

*

Exhausted and totally disorientated, Gullivan gawped at the sight before him, his mouth dropping further open.  What on earth was going on?  Where were the cars? Where was the snow?  Where were the McKendricks?  
The shotgun slid from his grasp and onto the ground as terror slowly subsided into relief and then, blissfully, into uncontrollable laughter.  Stupid fools!  He was already through the portal
A sharp jab in his back brought him up short.  
Trembling, Gullivan turned around.
Over lethal metallic points, he saw six men.  Tanned.  Olive complexions, dark eyes.  Heads protected with helmets.  Bodies shielded with armour of metal plates.
Gullivans eyes focused on the short swords at their belts and then back along the spears that were pushed towards him, only centimetres away from his body.  Hed seen uniforms like this before in the museum.  Roman Legionaries. 
Beads of sweat pricked his face. Over an increasingly dry throat, he struggled to swallow.  What on earth was going on?
His eyes flicked quickly to the surroundings.  He was in a field, a large field of long grass that stretched far into the distance.  This wasnt Dinoland.  This wasnt anything like it  
Gullivan started to shake, the knot in the pit of his stomach tightening as he realised the awful truth.
Something had gone wrong with the portal. 
Something had catapulted him into Roman Britain




---oooOooo---


