
Almas Mail Order Husband

Texas Brides: Book 1

Kate Whitsby
~~~
Smashwords Edition


Copyright  2014 by Kate Whitsby
All Rights Reserved. No part of this publication may be copied, reproduced in any format, by any means, electronic or otherwise, without prior consent from the copyright owner and publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. All characters, names, places and events are the product of the author's imagination or used fictitiously.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

  Dedication  


To YOU, The reader.
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for your emails.
Thank you for your reviews.
Thank you for reading and joining me on this road.

  Contents  


Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Other Books by Kate Whitsby
Connect with Kate Whitsby

  Chapter 1  


Ive gotta tell you something.
Alma Goodkind poked the fire with a stick. Her sister, Amelia, leaned against the mesquite tree shading them from the ferocious Texas sun. Amelia gazed toward the south Texas horizon, where dust devils spun over the hard-baked earth and occasionally whizzed up into the sky.
Her sister, Allegra, squatted on the other side of the fire. What is it?
Alma took a deep breath. Ive made a decision. Im getting married.
Amelias head jerked around and her eyebrows flew up, but she fell back into her remote brooding and stared off into the distance again.
Allegra, on the other hand, laughed in Almas face. How do you plan to do that? She pretended to look around her. Where are you going to get the man from, Id like to know. You dont have one hiding under your bed, do you? She laughed again.
Alma waited until she stopped laughing. No, I dont have one hiding, and I dont even have one around here. But Im getting one. Im getting a mail-order husband.
That really brought Amelias head around fast. She actually gasped in shock. What? What on earth possessed you to do a thing like that?
I told you, Alma replied. Ive decided to get married. I had to get a man from somewhere, and they have this mail-order matrimony service going on, matching people up all over the country. So I wrote in, and Im having a husband sent out.
Allegra laughed again. Youre having a husband sent out? You make it sound like you ordered a hot water bottle out of a catalog. You sound like youre getting in a new breeding mare or something.
Alma smiled. Its something like that.
Allegra couldnt stop laughing at the idea. Amelia took her eyes and her mind back off to the far distant reaches of the desert. Her eyes roamed the shimmering mirages where the red desert soil met the sky.
Allegra chuckled. So when are you getting in your new hot water bottle?
Weve agreed to meet at the church in Eagle Pass at the end of the month, Alma told her. Hes going to make his own way down, and well meet there on the thirtieth of July and get married. Then well come back home as man and wife.
Just like that, huh? Allegra asked. And how have you managed to arrange all this, right under our noses?
I told you, Alma repeated. Its all done by mail. Havent you noticed that Ive been receiving letters from him recently? Weve arranged everything in our letters back and forth. Its all set up, and we agree on how were going to do everything.
You mean, Allegra asked. You agree on how youre going to run the ranch and where youre going to sleep? Dont you think some of that concerns us?
I know what youre thinking, Alma returned. Youre thinking that, because the three of us have run the ranch by ourselves for the last five years, how is it going to work with a man around who will want to have a say in it, too. Isnt that what youre thinking?
Youre right, Allegra admitted. Hes a man. Hell want to be involved in running the ranch. He might even want to take over from a bunch of women. Ill tell you right now, I dont plan to give up without a peep. As long as Im here, Im going to work the ranch and Im going to have a say about how it runs. As long as you and your man understand that, I dont mind.
No ones asking you to give up without a peep, Allegra, Alma murmured. No one could expect you to do that.
Allegra smiled. And how is it going to work with you sleeping with a man in a one-room shack in the middle of nowhere with your sisters and your father in the beds just next to yours? Did you think of that?
I thought of it, Alma told her. But I think we can work all that out without too much trouble. After all, we arent going to be raising the rafters with you and Amelia and Papa watching. Well keep all that private, of course.
And does this mystery man have a name? Allegra asked.
Of course he does, Alma replied. His name is Jude McCann, and hes a cowboy from Amarillo. His parents still live up there. He has a brother in the rodeo circuit and a married sister in Silver City. Does that satisfy you?
Before Allegra could answer, Amelia turned her penetrating eyes around. Both Alma and Allegra fell silent when she spoke. And have you talked to Papa about this? What does he think of your plans?
Alma blushed. I havent told him yet. I wanted to tell you two first.
Amelia shook her head. You should have told him first. Better yet, you should have asked his permission before you went ahead and made your plans. That wasnt right of you.
Alma waved her objections away. Thats exactly why I didnt tell him, because I didnt want to ask his permission. That might be the traditional Mexican way of doing things, but none of us is our dead mother. None of us is the dutiful Mexican housewife who bows to the wishes of her husband and her father. Weve been running this ranch on our own ever since Papa broke his back falling off that horse. He can hardly walk anymore. We make our own decisions, and this is no different.
We might not be Mama, Amelia agreed, but Papa is used to a certain kind of behavior from women. You know how he is. He doesnt even like us wearing pants to ride horses. The only reason he puts up with it is because he has no choice. He has to let us do things our way or the ranch would fail.
And this is no different, Alma shot back. He married Mama because he knew a part Mexican, part Apache woman would never stand up to him or raise her voice to him. He wanted a woman he could order around, and thats what he got. But none of us signed up for that. He knows he has a different kind of woman to deal with in the three of us, and he accepts that.
You should have taken his feelings into account, Amelia insisted. Youre gonna break his heart when he finds out.
I dont think so, Amelia maintained. I think hell accept it, just like he had to accept everything else weve done. He knows better than to fight us anymore. He knows were going to do whatever we want, no matter what he does. Its better that way.

  Chapter 2  


The three sisters finished their midday meal and Allegra kicked the embers of the fire apart and used the edge of her boot to scrape dirt over them. Then they untied their horses from the bushes and swung up into their saddles.
All three sisters wore the same dusty outfit of canvas pants, rawhide chaps, long sleeved cotton shirts buttoned up the front, Stetson hats, and riding boots. They all wore gun belts around their hips with rows of bullets lined up between their holsters. Alma and Amelia wore leather gloves. Allegra didnt bother to protect her hands from the wear of her work.
Many people thought the Goodkind sisters were triplets. They all carried the same curious combination of features from their Irish father and their Apache-Mexican mother. Their black hair shone in the sun, and their sharp, fierce eyes burned in their faces. Their skin stayed clear and white, no matter how much time they spent out in the sun, but their chiseled cheekbones and strong jaw lines reflected their mothers Native heritage.
Alma wore her hair in a single long whip of a braid hanging down her back. It hung down so long, she sometimes tucked the end of it into her belt to stop it swinging. Amelia kept her hair tied in several braids looped up around the back of her neck in the style of the local Mexican women. Allegra kept her hair cropped short, up off her shoulders, like a boy. When scolded about her appearance, she claimed she didnt care what she looked like and this was the easiest way for her to manage. No one, she reminded everyone, would see her on the range anyway, so what difference did it make?
The sisters followed their normal daily routine and filed, in descending order of age, onto the trail to their grazing cattle herd. Alma couldnt see her sisters faces behind her, but she envisioned them in her minds eye. She knew well enough what they looked like when they received important news.
Amelia would cover up her uncertainty with quiet contemplation, but she couldnt hide the concern in her eyes or the repeated pressing together of her lips. Allegra didnt have to pretend to be totally disinterested because she was. If anything, the coming of a new person into their isolated lives represented an interesting change for her.
They didnt speak about Almas decision again that day. In fact, they hardly spoke at all out on the range. They went through their daily routine with an unspoken understanding of their shared goals and responsibilities.
Only after they got back to their house of adobe brick did they speak again. Tucked into a cluster of thorn trees near a spring on the upper flats of the river, the tiny house offered a welcome relief from the aggressive sun. The sisters didnt return until dusk and the air began to cool, so the house also provided shelter from the cold of the desert night.
Alma sighed as she dropped down from her saddle. Her boots made two craters in the dust at her feet. Home, at last. Be it ever so humble, theres no place like home.
Allegra swung one leg up over her saddle horn in front of her before hopping down. She laughed at Alma. What do you mean, theres no place like it? Theres only about a million mud huts across the frontier exactly like it. Its a dump.
Clarence Goodkind stooped under the lintel of the door and leaned against the door post. I built this house with my own two hands, young lady. Youd do well to remember that.
So youve told me every day of my life, Allegra shot back. How could I forget? And if I ever was inclined to forget it, all I have to do is look at it to remember. It has hand made written all over it.
That house has kept the sun and rain and wind off of your ungrateful head since the day you were born, Amelia put in. Its done the job of providing us with a house all these years, and it will continue to provide us with a home for many years to come. So you should keep your remarks to yourself.
I never said it wasnt a perfectly functional house, Allegra maintained. I just said there were a million others just like it, and its a dump. I challenge even one of you to disprove what I just said.
No one took up her challenge.
Allegra squared her shoulders and led her horse off to the barn, which was another slouching lump of adobe next to the house. Amelia followed her.
Alma gazed after her sisters until they disappeared inside the barn. Then she smiled at her father.
How did it go today? he asked.
Alma shrugged. The same as every other day. You know how it is.
Clarence shook his head. I know how it is. Its a quiet business, herding cattle morning, noon, and night. I only wish I was out there with you. I dont like not knowing everything thats happening.
If there was anything happening out there, Alma told him. You would be the first to know about it. We havent kept anything from you. Now, come on around here to the other side of the house and sit down. I want to talk to you.

  Chapter 3  


Alma led the way around the house and her father limped after her, dragging one leg in the dust. Alma sat down on a tilting wooden bench against the back of the house and waited for him to join her. The trees clustered more thickly over the bench, making a canopy of rustling shade.
Clarence sat down heavily on the bench. What do you want to talk to me about?
Alma took another deep breath. Ive made a decision. Im going to get married.
The silence that followed sounded more terrible than all the accusations or recriminations Alma expected. She waited for him to say something, but he didnt.
In the end, she had no choice but to start talking herself. I wrote into that mail-order matrimony service they have going. Theyre matching up men and women all over the country who want to get married. A cowboy from Amarillo is meeting me at the church in Eagle Pass at the end of the month. Well get married, and then well come back here to live.
Her father still didnt say anything. Had he heard her? How could he fail to? Alma waited another long time. Then she saw the weathered old hand resting on the knee of his pants.
She covered it with her own smooth fingers. I know you probably arent happy about this, but I wanted to do it, and I did it. I told Amelia and Allegra today, so now you all know and we can start making plans.
He didnt move a whisker. Did he approve? Would he ever speak to her again?
He didnt take his hand out from under hers, but he didnt congratulate her, either.
A heavy sigh came out of his dry old lungs. Where will you live?
Alma started in surprise. Here in the house.
Here? he asked. With all the rest of us?
Why not? she asked.
Youll be newly married, her father reminded her. Youll want privacy.
If we want privacy, Alma told him. We can get it. Theres a million miles of empty desert in every direction. If we want to be alone, well find a way to do it. Dont you worry about that.
So what did your sisters say when you told them? he asked.
Now Alma took her turn to sigh. Just what youd expect. Amelia told me I should have asked your permission first like a dutiful Mexican daughter. And Allegra laughed at me and said Id ordered a new hot water bottle from a catalog.
That brought a hollow chuckle from Clarence. She would say something like that. Shes a wild one, that girl.
Alma gladly turned the conversation away from herself to her sisters. Im worried about her. Shes so thoughtless about everything. Shes really reckless sometimes.
You always worry too much about both of them, her father reminded her. You worry about them for opposite reasons. You worry about Allegra for not thinking enough, and you worry about Amelia for thinking too much. You should think about yourself once in a while.
I cant help it, Alma replied.
You worry about them, Clarence continued. And your way of handling it is by mothering them.
Mothering them? she repeated. I dont mother them.
You do so, he shot back. You order them around, and you take charge of the work around the ranch.
Is that so bad? she asked. Someone has to do it. And they dont seem to mind me taking the lead. Amelia does whatever I tell her to do without question, and Allegra just goes along for the ride. I wish they wouldnt go along so easily. I wish theyd stand up to me every now and then.
Clarence Goodkind closed his eyes. So they didnt mind about you getting married? Thats good. Id be more concerned about their reaction than mine, if I was in your place.
I didnt say they didnt mind, Alma corrected him. I just said they reacted the way I expected them to. They reactedhow shall we say? They reacted in character for both of them.
And that should concern you, her father told her. That should concern you more than anything. That they reacted in character only proves they could be displeased about it. Theyre hiding it below the surface, like they usually do, each in her own way.
I understand that, Alma replied. And I agree with you. A strange man will be joining us on the ranch. Believe me, Im as worried as anyone else about how this will affect all our lives.
Im glad youre thinking about that, Clarence returned. Because your new husband could be the ruination of all our plans and hard work.
I know, Papa, Alma assured him. Believe me, I know, and I havent thought about anything else in all the time Ive been writing to him. I told him all about it. He knows Ive been working the ranch with my sisters for five years, and we worked with you for another five years before your accident.
And dont forget, Clarence reminded her. I built this ranch from nothing over fifteen years before that.
Alma smiled to herself. I havent forgotten, and I told him that, too.
It isnt just us and the ranch that could be ruined, he continued. This husband of yourswhat did you say his name is?
I didnt say, Alma replied. His name is Jude McCann. He comes from Amarillo.
Right, Clarence snapped. Jude McCann from Amarillo. Hes coming out here to live and get married. Hell have a stake to defend in this ranch, too, just like the rest of us. Youre walking a tightrope with this plan of yours.
I know Im walking a tightrope, Alma insisted. And Im ready to walk it. I know as well as anyone that this family contains nothing but strong personalities and raging egos. Just one of them could bring the ranch crashing down.
Then why do you want to do this? Clarence sighed. I shouldnt even ask that.
Good, Alma exclaimed. Then you understand that we cant go on this way forever. You cant have three adult daughters without at least one of them getting married sometime. We wont stay here, single and childless, for the rest of our lives. We need husbands and children. Otherwise, all our work to build this ranch and keep it going will be wasted.
Clarence took another deep breath and opened his eyes, but he didnt see the desert landscape around him. Did he see anything at all, even when his eyes were open? I know. The truth is, Ive expected this for a long time now. I knew it would come some day. I just comforted myself with the knowledge that there werent any men around for you to get mixed up with. I didnt count on Nature finding a way around that, too.
Alma patted his hand. Im glad you arent upset about it. Now I have to get inside. Its my turn to cook supper. She stood up. Are you coming in?
You go ahead. He turned his bleary old eyes to the eastern skyline. Ill sit here a little while longer.
Alma patted him one more time on the shoulder and vanished around the corner of the house, leaving her father sitting alone on the bench.

  Chapter 4  


The Goodkind family kept the door of their house open until the last glimmer of light left the sky. When the darkness outside matched the darkness in the house, they shut the door and lit their candles and, occasionally, a lamp.
Alma put a platter of tortillas and roasted meat on the table. Grilled chiles and chunks of prickly-pear cactus in another bowl completed their evening meal. The sisters sat down at the table with their father. After he mumbled a simple blessing, a storm of reaching arms and hands followed before anyone said anything.
Each person took a tortilla, scooped meat and vegetables into it with a spoon, and ate the wrapped package with bare fingers.
After an interval of chewing, Allegra broke the silence. So, what are you going to wear to the church?
Alma finished the mouthful she was chewing and swallowed. I was thinking about Mamas wedding dress. Its in the bottom of that trunk over there. That is, if Papa doesnt have any objection.
Allegra glanced at her father. Are you sure it will fit you? Youre taller than Mama by a mile, Id say.
Ill let it out, Alma told her.
Youlet it out! Allegra snorted. I havent seen you with a needle and thread in your hand sincewell, since before Papa had his accident.
Thats only because I havent had time to sew, Alma replied. It doesnt mean Ive forgotten how to do it. I know how to do it, and it will be a lot easier to let out Mamas dress than to buy or make another one. She looked at her father. You dont mind, do you, Papa?
Clarence disguised his hesitation behind chewing his food. I dont mind. Its been sitting in the bottom of that trunk since your mother died. Someone might as well wear it. I think she would be very happy if Alma was married in it.
Alma choked back the urge to sigh with relief. She hadnt actually thought about what shed wear to the church until Allegra asked her. Well get it out after supper and have a look at it. Ill try it on and see what it needs to make it fit me. I might get lucky and only need to lengthen the skirts a little bit
The family chewed a while longer.
I thought you would want a dress all of your own, Amelia remarked. I dont think I could get married in a dead womans dress, even if she was my own mother. That would be more like going to a funeral than a wedding.
I thought about that, Alma replied. But just think how much it would cost to buy a new dress. And then theres the problem of having it fitted for me. I dont even know anyone in town who could make one. We arent going into Eagle Pass before the wedding. Even if someone had one ready-made, Id have to buy it, put it on, pray to heaven it fit me properly, and then scoot off to the church in time to meet Jude. It wouldnt work.
If I was going to get married, Amelia announced. I would plan in advance to have a dress made. Id order it from San Antonio, if I had to.
You would? Allegra put in. Youd get a dress madewith what money? How would you pay for it? And how would you pay the money to travel up to San Antonio to get measured and fitted for the dress? Almas right. It wouldnt work.
Id find a way to make it work, Amelia insisted. Id find a way to get myself a wedding dress. You dont want to play fast and loose with your own wedding.
Im not playing fast and loose, Alma shot back. Theres nothing fast and loose about wearing your mothers wedding dress. It makes the dress into a tradition handed down from mother to daughter. I could hand the dress down to my own daughter when she gets old enough to get married.
I think its wonderful that youre all thinking about getting married, Clarence told them.
Im not thinking about getting married, Allegra shot back.
Fine, Clarence snapped. Youre not thinking about getting married. Youre just talking about it. And its wonderful that you all have different ideas about how to do it. You can each do it in your own way. Theres no right or wrong way to get married.
Except when you dont, Allegra persisted. Im not getting married.
Clarence Goodkind let out an exasperated gasp. He threw up him hands and slapped them down flat on the table. Yeah, you said that already. Youre not getting married. He kicked his chair out from under him and stalked away from the table to his chair by the fire.
Alma exchanged glances with her sisters. They continued eating in silence until Alma wiped the juice from the meat platter with the last tortilla. Lets go get Mamas dress out and have a look at it.
Allegra gathered up the dishes from the table and washed them in the kettle of water boiling on the fire as Alma and Amelia slid the heavy wooden trunk away from the wall and threw back the lid.
Amelia sat on the nearest bed, which just happened to be Allegras, while Alma unpacked the trunk. She laid one wrinkled article of clothing after another on the bed next to Amelia until she reached the very bottom.
Here it is, she announced.
She reached all the way down to the bottom and lifted out a faded white gown with lace around the bodice and ribbon ruffles on the front of the skirt. She hung it from a nail in the rafter and smoothed it down. Amelia watched her, studying the dress. Youre right. Its a beautiful dress. Id forgotten what it really looked like.
Alma measured it with her eye. I think it will be long enough, too. Ill try it on, just to make sure.
Youll be stunning in it, Amelia told her. Im sorry for what I said about playing fast and loose. Now that I look at it, I wouldnt mind getting married in it myself.
Alma raised her eyebrows. Youre not thinking of getting married, too, are you?
Amelia shrugged. I wasnt thinking about it at all until you brought it up. Now that youre getting married, I just might.
Alma burst into a happy grin. Youd look beautiful in this dress, too. I would love it if you got married, too. I dont want to be the only married one of the three of us, and Allegra is pretty adamant that she isnt going to get married.
No, Im not. Allegra came over from the fireplace, drying her hands on a towel. Im certain of that.
You might change your mind, Amelia suggested. Forevers a long time. You never know what might happen.
Allegra shook her head. No. You two can get married. Im staying free. Ill keep working the ranch while you two stay home and mind the children.
Youll work the ranchalong with our two husbands? Amelia asked. That could be tricky. What if the men wont ride with you? What if they want you to stay home, too, while they run the ranch?
A shadow crossed Allegras face, but she shrugged it away. I wont let that happen. This is my ranch more than theirs. I have more right to work it than they do. If they cant become used to that idea, then this isnt the place for them.
Dont you think Amelia and I would have something to say about that? Alma asked. Youre not suggesting youd drive both of us and our husbands and children away, just so you could work the ranch alone, are you?
Allegra stiffened. Im not suggesting anything. Im just saying that Im not going to give up working the ranch just because you two decided to get married. I hope you both make certain your husbands understand that. Otherwise, were going to have a problem here.
Dont worry, Amelia replied. Im not getting married. Im still going to work the ranch with you. I just never really thought about it until Alma decided to get married. Its not a half bad idea, anyway. But Im not getting married, either.
And, Alma added. Im not giving up working the ranch just because Im getting married. I told Jude he can expect all three of us to keep working the same way we always have. I think I can be pretty sure he wont just walk in and start taking over. All three of us will make certain that doesnt happen. He better wake up early in the morning and pack a lunch if he wants to get the jump on us.
Allegra laughed. Alright. Just so we all understand each other. Now, quick! Change into the dress so we can see it on you.

  Chapter 5  


Alma took down the dress and ducked behind a curtain in the corner of the room that served as the sisters closet. Allegra sat down on the bed next to Amelia and kicked off her boots. Then she unbuckled her gun belt. She refastened the buckle and hung the belt on the bedpost. She did the same thing with the plain leather belt holding up her pants. Then she ran her fingers through her short hair.
I guess well all be going into Eagle Pass at the end of the month, Allegra remarked. We dont get out to town much. Well have to make an inventory of supplies to get when were there. We might not get in again until next spring.
What did you have in mind? Amelia asked.
The most important thing is salt blocks for the cattle, Allegra replied. And were running low on lamp oil.
What about food? Amelia asked. Do we have enough salt and flour for ourselves?
Ill check before we head out to work tomorrow morning, Allegra told her. I sure hope this Jude McCann character likes tortillas and prickly-pear relish. He could be a real Yankee for all we know. He might not fancy the food we eat or the way we eat it. He might get weird about us not using dishes and forks and knives and all that.
Amelia chuckled. That would certainly throw a wrench in their marriage, wouldnt it?
Allegra stared at her middle sister. Amelia almost never joked or saw the funny side of anything.
Almas voice floated over the top of the curtain. What would throw a wrench in our marriage?
Nothing, Amelia called back. Then she lowered her voice and murmured to Allegra so Alma couldnt hear. Hes from Amarillo. You would think hed eaten country style before.
Allegra shrugged. I wonder if she asked him about that in their letters.
Amelia smirked again, but they didnt speak about it anymore, because Alma came out from behind the curtain, wearing their mothers wedding dress. She swished right and left. What do you think? The train is long enough to make up for the difference in height. I dont have to let it out at all. I just wont have to lift it up when I walk.
Her sisters stared at her with their mouths open, but neither answered her.
Their silence startled Alma. Whats the matter? Doesnt it look good?
Neither Amelia nor Allegra moved. After a moment, Amelia succeeded in closing her mouth.
Is it that bad? Alma asked.
Clarence broke the silence from his place by the fire. You look like your mother.
Alma whirled around. Papa! she gasped. I didnt know you were listening.
How could I miss it? he asked.
Alma peered through the half-light of the lamps, trying to find his eyes in the dark. How much could he really see? Can you see from over there? Youre in pitch darkness.
I might be in the dark, he told her. But youre in the light. I can see you just fine. I didnt realize you resembled her so much. You look the way she did when I took her to the altar. Looking at you, I could almost believe shes still alive.
Alma smiled into the shadows. Then she turned back to her sisters. So? Do you think it will work all right?
She smiled at her sisters, but they didnt respond.
Amelia pried her eyes away from the dress and stared off into the darkness. Allegra gazed at her older sister a moment longer. Then she exploded into a flurry of movement.
She kicked her legs out along the length of her bed. She kicked all the articles Alma laid out so neatly from the trunk and sent them flying onto the floor. Then she kicked Amelia in the hips. Get off my bed! Get off! Get off! This is my bed, now get off!
Amelia cried out in surprise and retreated to her own bed, which just happened to be the next bed over. She went around the other side of it and sat down with her back to the room.
Whats the matter with you? Alma exclaimed. Whats wrong?
Allegra didnt answer. She gave her empty bed a few more kicks for good measure before she stretched herself out on top of the blanket with her face to the wall.
Alma stared at the back of her youngest sisters head. Was that a quiver she saw in Allegras shoulders? Allegra never indulged in emotional outbursts. She preferred indifferent mockery.
On any other night, Alma would have gone to Allegras bedside to find out what disturbed her so much. But, for some reason, the wedding dress stopped her from doing it. She hurried behind the curtain and took the dress off. She put on her night clothes in its place. When she came out, she laid the dress out on her own bed while she put everything back in the trunk. Then she laid her mothers wedding dress on top of the pile and closed the lid.
She glanced around the room again. Was that a sniff she heard coming from Allegras bed. More and more frequently, Alma noticed her youngest sister slept in her work clothes. She took off her gun belt, boots, and hat, but she laid down on top of her bed in her pants and work shirt and slept that way until morning. She didnt even cover herself with her blankets.
Alma stole a look at Amelia. Her middle sister sat on the edge of her bed, gazing off into the darkness, unresponsive to her surroundings. Alma didnt bother to ask if Amelia would blow out the lights before she went to sleep. She didnt say good night to her father, either.
The rupture they all feared so much didnt need her or anyone else getting married. It already happened long before she even planned to get married. It crept up on them by degrees, over the course of years. Long over-familiarity bred complacency in their relations with each other.
Now, they didnt even bother to speak to each other. They knew each other too well, and they took one another for granted. Alma didnt have to ask Amelia if she would put out the lights. She already knew she would do it. She didnt have to say good night to her father. He would be drifting in his dreams before the fire, already miles away from her and the rest of their family. He wouldnt appreciate her calling him back from his travels just to wish him good night.
Alma looked around the room one last time. Getting married was the best thing she could do, the only thing she could do. They had lived together so long that now they no longer lived together at all.

  Chapter 6  


On the morning of July 31, the Goodkind sisters rose at the first light of dawn as they usually did. But instead of saddling their horses and hitting the trail to tend their cattle, they went to the barn and hitched up the old wagon.
Alma took the job of brushing down the horses as Amelia and Allegra rolled the wagon out of the barn and organized the harness and its fittings. They loaded the wagon with food supplies, a cooking pot and pan, and piles of blankets.
They would get to the town of Eagle Pass in about four hours if the trip went well, and they hoped to be home before dark. But they always went fully prepared for unforeseen circumstances when they left home. They never knew what might happen out in the middle of the desert. Even one night in the open could be fatal without the right supplies.
Amelia piled up the blankets into a soft throne just behind the wagon seat. Then she rigged up a sheet over the top of it with two corners tied to the ends of the seat and the other two corners tied to the sides of the wagon. The sheet made a little tent over the throne.
Alma backed first one horse and then the other into place next to the wagon shaft. As she and Allegra put on the horses collars and hitched up their harnesses, Amelia escorted their father out of the house and seated him on the throne under the tent.
He leaned on her shoulder when he climbed into the back of the wagon, and he leaned forward at the hips before collapsing into the pile of blankets. In the end, he settled himself into his nest under the shade and waited for his daughters to finish getting ready to go.
Amelia climbed into the seat. Alma double checked all the harness fittings and Allegra doubled checked the provisions, including a supply of grain for the horses. She glanced back toward the barn. Do you think we should bring an extra saddle horse for your man to ride home? Do you think hell have a horse of his own to ride?
Alma followed her gaze toward the barn. I didnt think of that. Then she shook her head. No. If we take another horse, thats another mouth to feed that he might not even use. If he doesnt have his own horse, he can ride in the back of the wagon with Papa and Allegra. Then he can ride one of our horses when he gets here.
Allegra nodded her approval.
And you can stop calling him your man, Alma continued. That goes for all of you. He has a name, and his name is Jude.
Allegra ignored her. Just think. By the end of the day, you wont be Alma Goodkind anymore. Youll be Alma McCann. What do you think of that?
Alma blinked. I didnt think of that, either. It doesnt sound like me at all. It doesnt sound like a Mexican woman at all. It sounds like some Irish washerwoman.
All except the Alma part, Allegra pointed out. And anyway, youre not Mexican. Youre Mexican, Apache, and Irish. So you could be an Irish washerwoman after all.
Alma shook her head. I dont know. If I wasnt on my way to the church to get married, I might say I didnt like the sound of it, but I guess its too late now.
Thats putting it mildly, Allegra replied. Youre about to get into the wagon to go to the church.
Alma blushed. That reminds me. I forgot something. She ran inside while the others waited for her.
She came out with a bundle wrapped in a white sheet. Amelia gasped up on the seat. You didnt! You didnt almost forget to bring your wedding dress!
Alma kept her eyes down and busied herself with tucking the bundle into a corner of the wagon next to her fathers throne. Dont tell Jude.
Allegra laughed and climbed into the back of the wagon. She stretched out on her back on the bare boards and pulled her hat down over her eyes. Alma got into the seat next to Amelia.
Alma took the reins from the brake handle and spread them out in her hands. All set?
No one answered her. She clucked to the horses and the wagon creaked away from the barn. A minute later, the wheels slotted into the ruts in the dry cracked road. Alma relaxed and let the horses pull the wagon along the well-known path toward Eagle Pass.
As soon as the sun cleared the eastern horizon, the heat bit into their skin and brought out the sweat on the horses backs. Alma glanced back over her shoulder. Allegra hadnt moved, but kept her face hidden under her hat. Clarence dozed under his shade. Amelia stared away into the distance, unresponsive to everything.
How she wished she could talk to one of them right now! But none of them would appreciate her breaking in on their private worlds. The only way they tolerated one anothers company was through diligent respect for one anothers private mental space. Alma knew them all well enough to know that.
More than anything else, Alma longed for a husband to have someone to talk to, someone all her own, someone to share her experiences with. With every passing year, her sisters slipped farther away from her. Now, they didnt share experiences with each other at all, even though they spent every waking moment of their lives together.
When something happened, when they saved their herd from flash floods or shot wild cats stealing newborn calves, the sisters never shared their thoughts. Each sister kept her experience of the event to herself. If the three women hadnt been present together when it happened, Alma would wonder if Amelia and Allegra experienced the same event at all.

  Chapter 7  


The endless jiggling and squeaking of the wagon lulled them all into a dreamy doze in which the hours passed unnoticed. Alma closed her eyes for a second to rest them from the sun, and the next thing she knew, the wagon rattled into the dusty streets of Eagle Pass.
The town consisted almost entirely of low adobe hovels like their own house. All of them looked as though the next good rain would wash them into the nearest mud puddle. No one would guess theyd stood torrential downpours and floods for more than two hundred years. The adobe houses of the Texas-Mexico border were among the oldest permanent structures on the North American continent.
Alma took a firmer hold on the horses reins as they entered the town and steered the wagon to the church. Only the curved portico on the churchs roof, topped with a handmade wooden cross, distinguished the church from every other building in town. It sat on a corner of what would have been, in a larger town, the central plaza. In Eagle Pass, the plazawhat the townspeople referred to as the plazawas nothing more than a big square of beaten dust with the church on one side and the General Store on the other.
Alma stopped the wagon in front of the church and looked around. A few men slept against the wall underneath their sombreros while others examined the family with interest.
Allegra jumped down from the wagon and cast a glance toward the General Store. How are you supposed to find this husband of yours?
Alma looked around again. You would think a stranger in town would stand out like a sore thumb. If hes here waiting for me, half the men in town should be shoving him toward me right now. Thats how weddings usually happen in this town.
Maybe he isnt here, Amelia suggested.
If he isnt here, Alma replied, well just get our supplies and go home. Nothing lost.
Except a day of work, Allegra told them.
What do you want to do? Amelia asked.
Maybe we should ask around town, Allegra suggested. Im sure everyone knows if a strange man came into town recently. Benito over at the store is the resident town crier house. I could go and ask him.
Why dont you take your dress into the church and change your clothes? Amelia added. Theres the cloak room off to the side of the pulpit. Allegra can go over to the store and ask Benito if he knows about Jude, and Ill wait here, just in case he shows up asking about you.
Alma breathed a sigh of relief. Good idea. She took her bundle out of the wagon and headed for the door of the church. As she swung it open, she saw Amelia helping her father out of the wagon.
The cool darkness of the church hit Alma in the face as soon as the door closed behind her. She shivered after the pounding heat outside. She waited for a minute in the doorway until her eyes adjusted to the gloomy interior. Then she made her way down the aisle to the cloak room.
What people called the cloak room looked more like a shed, and no one kept their coats or cloaks or anything else in there. Even in driving rain, local people kept their coats on in church. In all her life, Alma knew of only one instance when someone used the cloak room, and that was when Hidalgo Hernandez bought a dog from Alberto Rodriguez in front of the church on a Sunday and tied the animal up in the cloak room until the end of service before he took it home.
Alma halted in the door of the cloak room, looking for a place to put her dress down. Cobwebs and piles of dust decorated the little enclosure. Only a few streams of daylight peeked through the loose boards on the side of the room. Not a single shelf or hook adorned its walls or rafters.
In the end, she hung the dress on the remnant of a tree branch sticking out of one of the peeled beams in the ceiling. She sighed once. How many women in this country got married like this?
She heard about high society women Back East with attendants to dress them and fix up their hair before they took a coach to the church. When they arrived there, they found it decorated with flowers and filled with gaily-dressed friends and relatives.
In south Texas, nearly everyone got married this way. Only local girls could change their clothes at home instead of in the cloak room of the church. Most of them didnt even change their clothes. They met their men at the altar in their regular everyday dresses, got married, and went home to cook supper without so much as a ten minute break.
Alma slipped out of her clothes. She dropped her pants and shirt onto the floor along with her boots and hat before she realized she hadnt brought anything else to wear home. After the service, Jude McCann would see her for the first time in her work clothes. What would he think about his new wife wearing pants and a gun belt?
Alma didnt even own a dress. Neither of her sisters did, either. Theyd worked the ranch for so long that they no longer bothered keeping any clothing other than their work clothes. Maybe that would change with a man around.
But she couldnt think about it now. She pulled her mothers wedding dress over her head and straightened the skirts. It really was a magnificent dress. Then Alma realized she hadnt brought anything to wear on her feet. She should have some silk slippers to match the dress. She had no choice but to put her boots back on or go barefoot to the altar. Alma pulled her boots back on. The ruffled hem of the dress just brushed the red clay of the floor, hiding the boots from view.

  Chapter 8  


Alma, hes here! Allegra voice hissed through the crack in the door. Jude McCanns out here.
Did you find him in town? she asked.
No, Allegra answered. He can up to Amelia outside the church and asked her if she knew where to find Alma Goodkind. Hes out here with the priest now. Hes waiting for you whenever youre ready.
Hey, Allegra, Alma called. Would you come in here for a minute, please?
The door cracked open and Allegra stuck her head in. What do you need?
Alma held up the long, white head piece. Would you pin this into my hair? I cant do it myself.
Allegra stepped into the cloak room and narrowed her eyes at the train of lace hanging nearly to the floor. I can give it a try. Its not really my specialty, you know.
Alma chuckled. Its not exactly higher mathematics. Just hold it while I put my hair up.
Allegra held the head piece up off the floor as Alma shook out her long black hair. She swept it up to the top of her head and coiled it into a bunch on top of her head.
Now, she instructed Allegra, put the comb in here to hold it.
She pointed with her finger and Allegra slotted the bone comb into her hair. A stiff fan of white lace stuck up above the stark black twists of hair.
Allegra spread the lace across Almas back and admired the result. She shook her head with wide eyes. Its amazing. I never would have believed it.
Alma smiled at her expression. Do I look okay?
Allegra gulped. You wouldnt recognize yourself. You look like one of those Spanish ladies at the Festival. You look like a princess.
Alma blushed. I guess thats good.
No one would ever know youre a cattle puncher in your free time, Allegra continued.
Lets just hope Jude is as impressed as you are, Alma remarked.
Lets find out, Allegra replied. Are you ready?
Alma nodded and opened the door. Allegra followed her out into the church.
Alma stopped next to the pulpit. Her father and Amelia sat in the front pew with their hats resting on their knees. Alma smiled at them, but the only thing she could think was how different Amelia looked with her hat off. With her looped braids hanging around the back of her neck and her bright eyes visible, she looked like any other beautiful Mexican girl. Only her pants and riding boots gave her away.
Allegra took off her hat and sat down in the pew next to Amelia. With her short hair, she looked like a young boy of the Jicarilla Apache tribe. Unlike Amelia, nothing in her appearance indicated she was a woman, and it wasnt only her hair or her clothes. Her face wore a hardened expression from long years of hiding her tender side behind an indifferent demeanor. No one outside her immediate family knew Allegras secret pain.
A voice clearing its throat drew Almas attention back to the pulpit. A man with sandy hair, green eyes, and the last vestige of freckles stood in front of the first pew. He wore the plain clothes of a Texas cowboy around his lean, muscular frameno fancy suit or silk tieand he wore his gun belt slung low around his hips. He smiled at Alma. Alma Goodkind?
Alma nodded and smiled back, but her eyes smarted with tears. You must be Jude McCann.
Jude answered with a stiff nod. In the flesh. He waved his hand toward the pulpit. What do you say we get married? If youre ready, that is.
Alma laughed, but she couldnt see more than a watery outline through her tears. Im ready.
Jude glanced down at her dress and snorted. I guess that was a stupid thing to say. You look beautiful.
Jude took off his hat and tucked it under his arm. He crooked his other elbow at her, and Alma slid her hand around his arm. They turned and faced the pulpit.
Alma didnt hear much of the service. Her mind swirled with the excitement and impressions of her first meeting with Jude. She knew he was a cowboy from their letters, but she never realized meeting him in the flesh would affect her this way.
She knew him. She knew the man who wore that uniform. She knew how he thought and how he spent his days and nights. She knew the people he must necessarily keep company with. She knew what made him happy and what sent him into a tempest of rage. She knew everything about him.
And the best part was that they were all the same things she knew about herself and her family. What made her and her sisters and her father happy would make him happy. They spent their time the same way and spoke the same language. They were cut from the same cloth, and they would get along just fine together. Her heart soared in her chest, and she looked forward to the end of the service with new eagerness.
Somehow, they got through the part where they both said I do, and Alma turned back to find her family in a mess of tears in the front pew. Even Allegra dabbed her eyes with the cuff of her shirt sleeve. Amelia returned Almas smile this time, and she rose to embrace her sister.
You look so beautiful, she murmured into Almas ear. I never thought a simple dress could make so much difference.
Alma squeezed her hands. Thank you. I cant tell you how much it means to me to hear you say that. I guess none of us realized what wearing mens clothes and doing mens work all these years has done to us. None of us realized how much we really want to be women.
Amelia touched the corner of her eye with her sleeve. Im so grateful to you for starting this process. We had to give up our independence sometime to become the women we want to be. It took a lot of courage for you to make the first move toward changing all our lives. If any of us ever gave you any reason to worry that youd done the right thing, Im sorry for that, because you did do the right thing. You did the best thing for all of us, and Im grateful to you for it.
Alma burst into a flood of tears. Oh, thank you! You dont know what that means. Ive been so worriedfor all of us. Im so relieved that its all over, and that it worked out for everyone.
They embraced each other again, and Allegra joined them. Then Alma kissed the tears from her fathers cheeks and embraced him, too. She brought Jude over.
Have you two been properly introduced? she asked. Jude McCann, this is my father, Clarence Goodkind. I suppose youve met my sisters, Amelia and Allegra.
Jude shook hands with Clarence. Its a pleasure to meet you at last, sir. Almas told me so much about all of you. I think were going to be very happy together.
Clarence opened his mouth, but Alma interrupted. Of course we are.

  Chapter 9  


Jude glanced around the church. Well, what do you want to do next? Do you have business in Eagle Pass, or do you want to get going? I understand its a fair hike back to your place.
We should get going in time to get home before dark, Alma told him. But we have some supplies to get from the store before we leave.
Its already done, Allegra told them. I got the stuff when I went over there to look for Jude. All the supplies are loaded into the wagon. We can go home any time you want.
Then theres nothing left to do but change out of my dress, Alma remarked. Allegra, would you help me get my comb out the same way you put it in? I would appreciate it.
Sure. Allegra followed her back to the cloak room and took the comb out. You go ahead and get changed. Ill help Amelia get Papa loaded up. That way, as soon as youre finished, we can hit the road.
Okay, Alma agreed.
Allegra disappeared, leaving Alma alone in the dusty shadows of the cloak room.
Alma laid her head piece inside the sheet she used to bundle up her wedding clothes. She hesitated to take her dress off and she looked down at the white skirts ruffling away from her body. If only she could see it in the looking glass just once. If only she could carry that image of herself back to the distant reaches of the ranch. Her womanly beauty never saw the light of day there.
At least Jude would carry the image. He would remember it when he saw her with mud and grime all over her face, when he saw her smeared with soot from the branding iron, and when she cracked a whip to round up her stock.
He would always carry the memory of his first sight of her. He would know the woman who lurked under her chaps and hat, even when she didnt know it herself. She dropped the dress off her shoulders and stepped out of it. As soon as it left her body, it took its magic with it, leaving her once more the cowgirl she was when she came into the cloak room the first time.
When she put her pants on again and buckled her belt, the heavy, dirt-encrusted canvas scraped her skin. She always thought they were soft and comfortable. Now they felt like alien armor or a tortoise shell that stopped her from moving the way she wanted to. Would she ever get rid of it? When she looked into her future, she didnt see any way she could. She would be working the ranch until she was old and grey, wearing the same hard clothes. She would never be soft or fine or female the way she was in that dress.
She laid the dress inside the sheet and folded up the corners. How long had she worn it? Ten minutes? It would go back to the bottom of the trunk and rot there. Someone would find it in another forty or fifty years and wonder who wore it to get married. They wouldnt know her skin touched its delicate folds. They wouldnt smell her in its sleeves and waist band.
She tied the corners of the sheet, braided her hair into its usual rope down her back, and put her hat on her head. When she opened the door, the outfit of the cattle puncher she wore into the cloak room felt like a disguise, a masquerade designed to prevent people from seeing the real Alma underneath.
The church stood deserted. Her father, sisters, and husband must be outside. That word sounded so strange in her mindhusband. It didnt sound like anything having anything to do with Alma Goodkind.
Local people knew the Goodkind sisters as tough, hard-riding gunslingers who worked their ranch in all weather, all year round, and drove a hard bargain at the auction yards in the fall. They didnt have any use for men. Their father, the only man in their lives, was a cripple. They never gave the local boys a second glance, and Allegra, the youngest, laughed at them.
But she wasnt Alma Goodkind anymore. She was Alma McCann, wife of one Jude McCann of Amarillo. She could make herself over as anything she pleased.
In front of the church, Alma found her father on his throne between stacks of flour sacks and Amelia in the wagon seat. Jude stood near the church door to meet her.
He raised his eyebrows at her clothes. Then he smiled. I suppose I shouldnt be surprised to see you like this. You told me you and your sisters worked your ranch by yourselves, and after meeting them, I should have expected you to dress the same way. Its just a shock to see you like this after that dress you were wearing in the church just now.
Alma dropped her eyes, but she couldnt bring herself to look at her clothes. Im sorry. I just dont have anything else to wear home. I should have planned to make another dress to wear, but I didnt even think of it until after we already got here. Ill work on that when we get home. I understand you dont want your wife wearing a mans clothes.
If youre going to keep working the ranch, Jude pointed out. You may as well keep wearing these. Its the most sensible thing you could wear.
Im not sure I want to keep working the ranch if it means dressing like this, Alma told him. That dress She glanced back over her shoulder toward the church door. I think that dress did something to me. I dont think I want to go back to the way I was before.
Jude raised his eyebrows again. You dont?
Alma cast around for something. This.. She looked down at her clothes. This doesnt really fit me anymore. I didnt know it before, but I think getting married changed me somehow. I dont want to be.thisanymore.
Jude shrugged. You be whatever you want to be. Be what youre most comfortable being. But after the way the three of you have kept the ranch going all these years, you might find it a little more difficult than you think to walk away from it. Anyway, your sistersand mewe might need your help.
Alma brightened up. Ill be happy to help any way I can, and Im not really ready to walk away from the ranch. I just think Ill start making a slow shift away from it.
Toward what? he asked.
Toward being your wife, of course! Alma laughed. What else?
Jude chuckled. Well, then, thats just fine with me. He tipped his hat to her. Ill meet you there.
Alma laughed again. Come on. Lets get out of here.
She put her foot into the spokes of the wagon wheel to climb up into the drivers seat. But Amelia turned around and pointed back toward the wagon box. Why dont you and Jude ride in the back and let me and Allegra drive home? That will give you a chance to get to know each other a little bit better.
Oh! Alma exclaimed. I didnt think of that. She caught Judes eye. Is that all right with you?
Jude looked at his new father-in-law enthroned on his mountain of blankets. Its fine with me. I had planned to ride my own horse, but we can tie him onto the back of the wagon. Im happy to ride with you if.if everyone else is agreeable.
Clarence Goodkind didnt even blink in his direction. Allegra climbed up the other side of the wagon into the seat, and Alma got into the wagon box as Jude tied his horse by the reins to the back of the wagon. Then he joined Alma.
She looked around inside the wagon box. Wheres your luggage?
What luggage? he asked.
Dont you have a trunk or something? she asked. Dont tell me you didnt bring anything.
Jude jerked his thumb over his shoulder toward his horse. I brought my bedroll, and a few odds and ends in my saddlebags. I brought my rifle, and a shotgun, and a few letters from home. What else is there?
Arent you coming out to our place to live? Alma asked. I thought youd want to bring more than that.
I dont have more than that, he told her. Thats all Ive had while Ive been workin on the range, and thats what I brought. What more is there?
Alma shook her head. Alright. Im just surprised. Thats all. If you dont think you need any more, thats fine with me.
Im sure if I need anything, I can get it, Jude replied.
They settled themselves in the wagon. They sat in the two far back corners of the wagon, as far away from Almas father as they could sit. Jude smiled at Alma, stole a peek at the old man, and turned his attention for good to his new wife.
So, he began. Were married.
Yes, Alma replied.
Amelia slapped the reins on the horses backs and shouted to them, and the wagon started forward. Jude inspected the town as they passed. And this is Eagle Pass.
Yes, Alma replied. Didnt you see any of it before?
Jude shook his head. I just arrived. I just rode into town and went straight to the church. He frowned. Isnt there any more of it than this?
Alma chuckled. Dont blink or youll miss it. There, you see? Were out of town already. Thats all there is to it. A couple of houses, a church, and a store. And we dont come into town more than once a year, twice at the most. Its a pretty sparse life we have out here.
Ill say. Jude watched the last house out of sight, which was sooner than expected, considering the adobe walls blended perfectly with the red earth. Once the wagon passed the first clump of bushes, nothing remained to be seen of the little town.

  Chapter 10  


How far out of town are you? Jude asked.
Alma didnt answer. Her eyes roamed the spare landscape behind the wagon. She listened to the gentle thump of the horses feet in the dust. A gentle wind blew the stray hair out of her face and made a hollow howling noise in her ears. She listened to it and drifted away.
Alma? Jude called.
Her head swung around. Huh?
I asked you how far out of town you are, Jude repeated. Didnt you hear me?
Sorry, she muttered. Riding in the wagon sort of puts me to sleep. If you just keep talking to me, Ill pay more attention. As soon as we stop talking, I go into some kind of trance. I do it automatically. It helps the time pass.
All right, Jude replied. Ill remember that. So how far out of town are you?
About eighteen miles, Alma answered. Well get home just on dark.
Tell me what you have going on out on the ranch, Jude told her. Id like to get out with you tomorrow and see your operation.
You know how it is, Alma replied. The cattle are just summer grazing. Were pretty busy protecting them from coyotes and wild cats and wolves, keeping them moving between grazing areas, down to the river each day for water, and then back. Theres not a lot to see at this time of year. Theres not a lot going on.
I still want to see it for myself, he returned. I want to know what Im getting myself into. And if you are thinking of handing over some or all of your work, Ill need to be familiar with the ranch if Im going to be taking on the responsibility.
I think I explained to you in my letters, Alma remarked. That neither Amelia nor Allegra has any intention of giving up any control over the running of the ranch. They both want me to make it clear to you that they dont want you coming in and taking over.
I understand that, Jude replied. I understand you three have managed this ranch by yourselves for a long time and its going to take some time to get used to doing things a different way.
Alma glanced toward the drivers seat just long enough to see both her sisters stiffen, but neither of them turned around. We dont want to do things a different way, Alma insisted. Thats exactly what Im trying to tell you. We dont want to become used to doing things your way, and we dont want to become used to you making decisions and running things. We want to keep running things the same way we always have. Thats what Im telling you.
I understand, Jude repeated. You dont have to stop running things. Im just saying its going to take some time before you get used to having another person around. It always takes time when a new person comes onto a ranch with a fresh perspective and new ideas. Theres always a breaking-in period. Ive seen it a dozen times on ranches Ive worked.
Have you worked on many? Alma asked. You make it sound like youve moved around a lot.
Jude flushed and turned away. He watched his horse plod along behind the wagon. You know how it is. You start working somewhere, everythings going great guns, then you start to butt heads with someone, and the next minute, youre buttin heads with the boss, and then youre movin on to the next place.
What did you butt heads over? Alma asked.
Just what we were talking about, Jude replied. Some people dont like having a new man on the job with a different set of ideas on how to do things. Some people want everyone to do things their way. It doesnt always make for the most successful working relationship.
But if that person is the boss, Alma pointed out. Then he would have the right to demand you do it his way. Wouldnt he?
Jude shrugged. I never said he didnt. I just have my own way of doing things that works for me. Thats the way I am. And then I have my way of talkin to people and jokin around and havin fun. Not everyone likes that, either. Rubs some people the wrong way, if you know what I mean.
I see, Alma muttered. Well, I think youll find us more than reasonable. We have our own way of doing things, but we never demand that other people do them that way. Just so long as you understand that we dont plan to change our methods, and we arent looking for you to take over our operation.
Yeah, he replied. I get that.
Good, Alma exclaimed. Then lets talk about something else.
Yes. Lets. Jude snuck a glance toward the tented throne and brought his eyes back to Alma. He smiled at her.
Alma followed his gaze toward her father and found Clarence staring at Jude through narrowed eyes. She tried to catch his eye by smiling at him, but he never took his eyes off Jude. What was he thinking? What was he seeing? Could he see at all? Was he just listening casually to their conversation?
Alma returned her attention to her husband and smiled back at him. So what about you? Tell me what youve been up to this last season. Where have you been before you came down here?
I worked for a few months up near Amarillo, Jude told her. I visited my family while I worked on a neighboring ranch. After that, I rode on a round-up out of New Braunfels. That ended about a month ago. Then I made my way down here. I made a few stops along the way, but I came here after that.
How are all the folks at home? she asked.
Theyre just fine, he replied.
Did you tell them you were getting married? Alma asked.
I told my cousin, Jude told her. He sent his congratulations.
Didnt you tell your parents? Alma asked. You said they still lived up there. Didnt you see them?
I didnt tell them, Jude admitted. They would only get upset.
Upset? Alma gasped. Why?
Jude colored. My mother would get upset that I was getting married somewhere away from home where she couldnt attend the wedding and get her fingers stuck into every detail of how it was to go off. And my father would get upset that I made the decision to get married without consulting him first and letting him lecture me about the rights and responsibilities of a husband. Thats why I didnt tell them.
But isnt that the parents job? Alma asked. Isnt that what a father and mother are supposed to do when their son gets married?
Allegra called back over her shoulder, Dont let her fool you, Jude. She didnt consult with Papa before she made the decision to marry you, either. And you can bet your boots she never let anyone lecture her about her rights or responsibilities. Allegra snorted and turned back to the front of the wagon.
Alma shook her head to get the blood out of her cheeks. I only meant that its normal for the parents to want to have something to say about their son getting married. And at least I told you and Amelia and Papa I was getting married. At least we all went together to the church, and you were there with me when it happened. Judes parents dont even know he got married.
Oh, theyre used to it by now, Jude told them. My sister ran off and got married without telling anyone. She hooked up with a local plowboy on the quiet, and the next minute, theyve flown the coop and are living happily as lawful man and wife out in Nevada. Shoot, she didnt even write home for about four years afterward, either. He laughed. Didnt my Mama cry when she received that first letter!
Alma stared at him in shock. That must have upset your parents very much.
Jude shrugged. Heck, thats the least of their worries. At least my sister married the guy. It could have been a sight worse for everyone if she hadnt. Once it was all said and done, my parents thanked their lucky stars for small mercies. Theyve had their hands full with the three of us ever since we were small. Theyre used to that sort of thing by now.

  Chapter 11  


The glorious red and purple of sunset colored the sky by the time they pulled into the Goodkind ranch. Amelia stopped the wagon in front of the house, tossed the reins to Allegra, and jumped down. Come on inside with me, Papa, she called.
Alma leapt to her feet and helped extricate her father from his encampment of blankets. She and Amelia virtually lifted him down from the wagon box and set him on his feet on the ground. Amelia took his arm and guided him into the house.
Once he was clear of the wheels, Allegra set the horses moving again and drove the wagon into the barn. Jude helped her and Alma put the horses and wagon away. Your father doesnt look so spry on his feet.
Didnt I tell you he broke his back? Alma asked. He was thrown from a horse five years ago and cant ride anymore. He cant move much.
You told me, Jude replied. I just didnt realize it was so bad until Ive seen him with my own eyes.
Hes a lot better than he used to be, Allegra put in. For a long time after the accident, he couldnt walk at all. We had to carry him everywhere and do everything for him. He had to learn how to walk again.
Jude looked through the open barn door toward the house. I dont think he likes me very much.
What do you mean? Alma cried. He doesnt even know you. Besides, you just married his eldest daughter, the first of his daughters to get married. Of course hes going to be a little stand-offish for a while. But hell come around in time. She laughed. Ill whip him, if he doesnt.
What makes you think he doesnt like you? Allegra asked. He didnt say a single word to you after we left the church.
It was just the way he was looking at me on the way back here, Jude replied. I dont think Ive been stared at like that since the schoolmaster caught me stealing chocolate donuts from Lucy Spanglers dinner pail.
You didnt! Alma twittered.
Jude smiled. All the time. They were the best donuts in town, and no amount of punishment could keep me away from them.
Youre a bad man, arent you? Alma teased. I can see were going to have to be very stern with you. Well, youll get no chocolate donuts around here, young Mr. McCann. Its strictly tortillas and roasted meat.
I can live with that, Jude replied. As long as I dont go to bed with an empty stomach, I can manage. A man could live on the memory of those donuts.
Good, Alma shot back. Because from now on, thats all youll have to sustain you. Now, what do you want to do with this horse of yours?
Do you have a place for him? Jude asked. If you havent, I can turn him out. Hes used to sleepin rough. He can fend for himself outside until the morning.
Fend for himself outside? Alma gasped. Nonsense! Hed freeze.
Nah, Jude retorted. Hed be fine. Hes done it before.
He hasnt done it in this desert, Allegra replied. He wouldnt be walkin around today if he had. It drops below freezing out there at night, even in the summer. Here, give him to me. Ill put him here.
She showed Judes horse to a hook in the wall at the end of the building. Planks of wood suspended on ropes from the ceiling created partitions between the horses tethering pins. She tied the horse up in an empty place, dropped grain and hay into his feed trough, and patted him on the flank.
Hell be comfortable there until the morning, Allegra told Jude. Now, lets get up to the house. Amelia will have supper on the table for us.
Does she do the cooking? Jude asked.
We take turns, Alma told him. And we also rotate who cleans up afterward. That makes it fair.
But someone must be the best cook, Jude remarked. You must have noticed which of you does the best job of cooking.
Alma and Allegra looked at each other. I cant say Ive noticed any difference, Alma replied.
Me, neither, Allegra agreed. It all tastes pretty much the same to me.
You mean, Jude gasped. You mean you always eat the same food?
Sure, Alma replied. We all like it, so why change it?
But doesnt that get.? Jude stopped.
Get what? Allegra asked.
You know, Jude continued. Doesnt that get a littleyou know.boring? Dont you ever change anything?
Alma and Allegra looked at each other again. No. We have the same food every night for supper, and we have the same thing for breakfast in the morning, too.
Jude stared at them. Then a shudder coursed through his body. After it ended, he turned away. Okay. I can live with that.
Good, Allegra exclaimed. cuz thats all there is to eat around here.
But, wouldnt you like to learn how to make something else? Jude turned to Alma. Wouldnt you make something else if I asked you to, just to make me happy?
Alma felt the heat rising in her cheeks, and, at the same time, she became aware of Allegra watching her reaction. So this is how it starts. This is the pointy end of the wedge. She had to draw the line right here and now.
She laughed in Judes face. Oh, darling, if you want me to learn how to cook chocolate donuts just for you, I suppose I could learn how to do it. But youll have to order the chocolate special delivery from San Antonio. And unless you want the donuts fried in bull tallow, youll have to buy shortening, too. Allegra joined her in raising the rafters of the barn with their laughter.
Jude frowned at them. Alright. You win. Forget I even asked.
Alma wiped her eyes on her sleeve. You see, Im sure all of us would love to eat some other food. We only eat the food we eat because its the easiest and the cheapest and the most available. The only foods we buy in are flour for the tortillas and salt. Everything else we get from here. The meat comes from our own cattle, the chilis we grow in the garden, and the..other stuff we get from the surrounding countryside. That way, we dont waste our hard-earned money on things we dont really need.
I see, Jude told her. You dont have to worry about me. You wont ever catch me complaining. As long as I go to sleep with a full stomach, Im happy.
You mentioned that before, Allegra muttered.

  Chapter 12  


Alma closed the door behind them and slotted the latch bolt into its hole. At the same time, Amelia lit a lamp and placed it in the middle of the table. Come on and get your supper, folks, she said. You left it late enough. Come now before it gets cold.
She set the plate of tortillas, the platter of meat, and the bowl of grilled vegetables on the table.
Well need another chair, Allegra pointed out.
Alma and Amelia stared at the table. I hadnt thought of that, Alma mumbled.
Here, Jude, Allegra continued. You take my chair. Ill get a stool from the barn to use until we can make another chair. Dont pay any attention to Alma. Just tell yourself she was half out of her mind with excitement at the idea of marrying you that she forgot just about everything else. She very nearly forgot to pack her wedding dress in the back of the wagon this morning.
Allegra! Alma gasped. I told you not to tell him!
Im trying to help you out, darling, Allegra shot back. Im trying to smooth over the fact that you forgot to arrange for your new husband here to sit in a chair at the supper table. Now stop complaining and eat. Ill be back in a minute. She took a lit candle and stepped out into the night.
At her command, Jude sat down in her chair. Alma and Amelia took their usual places around the table along with their father. Clarence intoned his usual blessing, and the family fell to the food.
Jude observed them without comment as they each took a tortilla and filled it with meat and vegetables before eating with their bare hands. He watched one person and then another finish their first wrapped tortilla before starting another. Only then did he reach for a tortilla of his own and fill it from the platter and the bowl.
No one noticed his hesitation. They munched contentedly, occasionally making comments with their mouths full, and pushed more food in when they finished.
Allegra came back and helped herself. The chewing and casual exchange of snatches of conversation filled the little house.
Jude took his first bite and chewed. After the first few bites, he slowed, rolling the food over his tongue. Cautiously, he opened his tortilla and peered into it in the light of the lamp. He hesitated another moment. Then, he asked, What is this vegetable? I dont think Ive ever had it before.
The sisters glanced at each other. Its prickly-pear cactus, Allegra told him. Oh, and green chili.
Now that hed tipped his hand, the whole family watched him chew up the mouthful hed already taken and waited for him to take another bite.
Dont you like it? Alma asked.
Jude swallowed with great ceremony and took another bite of the tortilla in his hand. I like it alright. Im just not used to the taste. Im sure Ill get used to it.
A glance flew around the table, and a smile twitched at the corners of Almas mouth.
They ate silently for a while. Jude watched the sisters help themselves to one portion of food after the other, but he didnt take another for himself. The stack of tortillas shrank before his eyes.
Is this what you have every night? he asked.
Yep, Alma replied. Weve eaten this every night for as long as I can remember. Maybe you can ask Papa, but I think weve always eaten this.
Maybe Mama didnt know how to cook anything else, Amelia put in.
I certainly dont, Allegra added. This is the only thing I ever learned how to cook. How about you, Alma? Did Mama ever teach you how to cook anything else?
Alma shook her head. She died when I was nine. Shed just finished teaching me how to roll out the tortillas and keep the fire going when she died. I guess none of us ever really learned to cook properly.
What about you, Jude? Amelia asked. What would you eat at home in Amarillo?
Judes eyes flicked across the table toward Clarence. You know, meat and potatoes and some kind of greens. And wed almost always have some kind of pie or pudding for desert. My mother makes good pies. Shes a very good cook.
I told you he was a Yankee, Allegra growled to Amelia.
A chair screeching across the floor made them all jump. Clarence kicked his chair back and left the table, retreating to his usual position by the fire.
The younger generation watched him depart and then returned to talking among themselves. Allegra took the last tortilla. Whats eating him?
Something, Amelia mumbled. He hasnt said a word since the church.
Maybe hes just emotional about our lives changing, Alma suggested.
Amelia and Allegra drifted away from the table toward their beds. Amelia sat cross-legged on top of her quilt and started darning one of her socks. Allegra took off her gun belt and started cleaning the cylinders of her revolvers. Jude observed them. Another work day tomorrow, he remarked to Alma.
Alma nodded.
Is this what you normally get up to in the evenings? he asked.
Alma nodded again. This is it. Its my turn to clean up. What would you like to do?
Before Jude could answer, Clarence called to him from the shadows. Why dont you pull up a chair over here by the fire? I want to talk to you.

  Chapter 13  


Jude jumped at the sudden snap of his voice. Alma brightened. Thats a good idea. You two probably have a lot to talk about.
Jude looked over his shoulder and back to Alma, but she had already pushed her chair back and began gathering up the plates.
He took the chair Allegra loaned him and settled himself across the fire from his new father-in-law. As soon as he sat down, though, he had to move back to make room for Alma to get to the kettle hanging over the fire. She squatted in front of it and washed the dishes in the steaming water. Even with her back to him, she sensed Judes eyes on her back. Every word her husband said to her father, he said to her.
Alma says you come from Amarillo, the old man began.
Thats right, Jude answered.
But you didnt always live there, did you? Clarence asked. You moved there from somewhere else. Where was that?
Judes voice hardened. No. I was born in Amarillo. I was born in the house my parents live in now. My father built that house with his own hands.
I dont think much of the mail-order marriage system they have going now, Clarence growled. A man could tell a woman any old thing he wanted, and she would have no way to verify if he was telling the truth.
I wouldnt do that, Jude told him.
Maybe you would and maybe you wouldnt, Clarence shot back. We have only your word for whatever you want to tell us. We have only your word that you came from Amarillo.
I would have no reason to lie about that, Jude maintained. It wouldnt mean any more if I said I came from Kansas City.
Kansas City! the old man thundered.
Or Galveston, or Baton Rouge, or any other place, Jude continued. What difference would it make?
It wouldnt Clarence returned. Unless someone knew someone from Amarillo, or if they knew something about you because of it.
Knew something, Jude answered. Like what?
Oh, I think you know very well what, the father-in-law shot back.
Jude waved the accusation away. I dont see how lying about it would profit me any. Im marrying Alma. I could only benefit me for her to know the truth about me from the beginning. Marriages arent built to last on lies.
Im glad you realize that, Clarence replied. And you arent marrying Alma. You already married her. Its over and done with. Youre married.
Jude lowered his eyes. Okay. I married Alma. But I didnt lie about coming from Amarillo.
Maybe you didnt lie about that, Clarence replied. But you could have lied about that or just about any other thing.
I just told you I wouldnt do that, Jude insisted. I married Alma in good faith. I could accuse you of the same thing. Alma could have lied to me about anything to do with your family, and I wouldnt know about it until after we were married and I came back here and found out for myself.
Maybe Alma doesnt know everything there is to know about her own family, Clarence declared. Like she said before, her mother died before any of the girls really got to know her, and theyve never gotten to know either her family or mine. But Ill sit right here and tell you anything you want to know about me. Come on. Just ask me and Ill tell you.
I dont want to know anything, Jude told him. Im satisfied with what Alma told me about your family. Everything she told me has been true so far. I trust her.
Clarence snorted. Then youre very trusting. Well, Ill tell you anyway, just so you wont be able to accuse me of withholding any important information.
Are you accusing me of withholding important information? Jude asked.
Clarence ignored him. I was born in Tuscaloosa, and I joined the Confederate Army at the age of twenty-four. I fought with Robert E. Lee, and I even had the honor of shaking his hand after the Battle of Little Crooked Ridge. So what do you think of that?
I dont think anything of it, Jude replied. I didnt ask you to tell me. You dont have to tell me anything.
Do you know, Clarence asked. About fifteen hundred Confederate soldiers were massacred at Little Crooked Ridge? Did you know that?
Alma detected a slight hesitation in Judes voice before he answered. No, I didnt. I never heard of Little Crooked Ridge until right now.
A certain detachment of Union infantry surprised a certain detachment of Confederate soldiers there, the old man continued. They overran them while they ate their morning porridge. They wiped out all but about five hundred of them. Did you know that?
I just told you I didnt know, Jude shot back. How many times do I have to tell you?
Clarence didnt hear him. I was there. I was one of the survivors. Afterward, General Lee came down from Arlington. Thats where I met him. He gave everyone of the survivors of the attack an honorable discharge and a small pension. He said wed done our duty to the Confederacy. I took my pension and came down here. I spent some time in Juarez, and thats where I met my wife.
That sounds like a nice way to ride out the rest of the war, Jude returned.
Clarence shot forward in his chair, gripping the arms with white-knuckle fists. You would think that. Now I know I was right about you. Of all the things youve said so far, that confirms what I knew about you from the very beginning.
Jude shifted in his chair. Which is what? What exactly are you accusing me of?
The old man turned his milky eyes back toward the fire. Now I know youre not the man you claimed to be. Maybe you could pull the wool over the eyes of some innocent girls from the south Texas desert whove never had any dealings with men. But you cant pull the wool over my eyes. No sirree! I know you. Just remember that.
You know me, Jude replied. Because Ive told you everything about me. I havent kept anything hidden.
Listen to me, Alma, Clarence called out. She turned around and wiped her hands on the towel. This man is a lying scoundrel. You cant trust him further than you can throw him. Mark my words. And now youre married to him. This is what comes of flouting the older generation.
Alma threw the towel onto the table. She drew herself up to her full height and towered over her father. What exactly are you accusing Jude of? If you have something to say, then say it and stop blowing smoke out of your ears.
Clarence wouldnt say any more. He clamped his mouth shut so tightly that his whiskers stuck straight out from his face. He kept his face averted from his daughter and her husband.
Thats what I thought, Alma concluded. You can ignore him, Jude. If he isnt willing to come out and say whats on his mind, then theres nothing you need to concern yourself with him. Come with me. Its getting late, and we have a big day tomorrow.
She strode away from the fire. Jude took one more look at his father-in-law before he followed her to the other side of the room. As she passed the table, she took the lamp with her, leaving her father in darkness.

  Chapter 14  


Alma set the lamp on the table next to her bed and sat down. Across the room, Allegra lay on top of her bed, fully clothed, with her back to the room. Amelia reclined against her headboard, chewing on a dry grass stem. She didnt look at Alma or Jude as they approached Almas bed.
Jude walked over into the circle of light. He peeked at Amelia in the next bed and across to Allegra and the other way to Clarences empty bed on the other side. Where will I sleep?
Here. Alma patted the quilt next to her.
Jude looked around again. Here?
Where else? she asked. Arent I your wife?
Jude shrugged. I guess so. But he didnt move.
Where would you rather sleep? she asked. These are the only beds, and this one is mine. Now its ours.
Where would I rather sleep? he repeated. How about the Monte Carlo in New Orleans?
She smiled. Okay. Lets go.
Jude chuckled. Then he sat down next to her. Shall we order room service?
Ill have the lobster bisque and battered catfish, Alma replied. And bring a bottle of your best Madeira, too, while youre at it, garon.
Jude raised his eyebrows. Youre good. Let me just get my wallet out.
They looked across the gap between the beds. Amelia stretched out right in front of them. Without acknowledging Jude and Alma, she stood up from her bed, grabbed her flannel night dress from the bedpost, and disappeared into the closet. When she came out, she tucked herself under her quilts and blankets and rolled over with her back to them.
Jude sighed and took off his hat. No time like the present, I guess, he muttered. He hooked the hat over the bedpost and kicked off his boots. With his sock-covered toe, he pushed them under Almas bed.
Why dont you take your guns off? she suggested.
Jude shot her a crooked grin. Why dont you take your guns off?
Alma laughed. Okay. I will, if you will.
They stood up together and unbuckled their gun belts. They hung them side by side on the other bed post. Jude sat down again. Now what should we do?
Ill change into my night dress, Alma decided. That should simplify things.
Jude nodded. By all means.
Alma disappeared behind the curtain and came out in her checkered flannel night dress. She sat back down next to Jude.
Now I begin to recognize you, Jude told her.
Recognize me? she asked. What do you mean?
I mean, he dropped his eyes to her dress. That this is more the person I married at the church thanthat other person.
A flush of pleasure flashed across Almas cheeks. Im glad of that. Im glad shes in there somewhere.
Now that I can see you this way, Jude told her. I know Ill see you this way every night. I know that other person isnt really the woman I married.
Do you think so? Alma asked. I was worried you would only have the memory of me in my wedding dress to remember me by, to remember that I could be something more than a rough cattle puncher.
I dont have to remember, Jude told her. Youre right here, in flesh and blood, in front of my eyes. You arent a rough cattle puncher. Youre a soft, beautiful woman, and now that I can see you, Im glad I married you.
Alma smiled, but her eyes brimmed with tears. Thank you, she whispered.
Jude raised his hand and traced the outline of her cheek and jawbone with the tip of his finger. He pushed a stray strand of hair behind her ear. He turned his face toward her, but at the last minute, he glanced around the room.
Alma followed his gaze. Amelia and Allegra breathed peacefully in their beds with their backs to the newlywed couple. Somewhere off in the darkness, Clarence Goodkind made no sound from his chair by the fire. He would be asleep by now. He might rouse himself and stagger to his bed later in the night, but he followed the same routine of falling asleep in his chair once quiet descended over the rest of the house.
Dont pay any attention to what my father said before, Alma told Jude. He doesnt mean anything by it.
He seemed pretty serious about it to me, Jude murmured.
He spouts off about the past every now and then, Alma continued. He cant help it. Hes old. His mind wanders back in time sometimes, and he starts reliving things that happened to him. Sometimes he thinks the war is still going on.
Where do you think he got the idea I was hiding something from you? Jude asked. Im not, you know. Everything I told you in our letters was the truth.
I dont doubt it, Alma replied. Its like I said. Just ignore him. What he said about you lying to meit doesnt mean a thing.
I wouldnt want to start out my life here on a bad footing with your father, Jude maintained. We all have to get along here. He could make my life very unpleasant if he persists in making accusations against me that Im making myself out to be something Im not.
I believe in you, Alma told him. Thats all that counts. And Amelia and Allegra understand how Papa is. They wont hold it against you. Just go about your business. Let him say and think whatever he wants to. He cant hurt you with words or thoughts.
Its easy to say, Jude muttered. Its not so easy to do.
Alma laid her hand on top of his in his lap. Listen. Tonight is our wedding night. Lets not give any of them another thought. Lets just concentrate on us, you and me.
Jude glanced around the room again. Its a little difficult with all of them right there. How can I not give them another thought?
They arent exactly watching us, Alma told him.
Judes eyes skirted around and he dropped his voice to a whisper. How do you know your father isnt watching us from over there? He could be watching us right now.
He wouldnt, Alma whispered back. Anyway, he cant see very well. I dont think he can see from there to here even in the best of light. Well blow the lamp out, and then he wont be able to see us at all.
Jude didnt reply, but he kept glancing over his shoulder toward the fire. Alma blew out the lamp and the whole room plunged into darkness. Chirping insects outside raised their voices to fill the void left by the light. The night noises grew to a din on the other side of the thick adobe walls.

  Chapter 15  


Alma patted her bed until she found the upper lip of her quilt. She pulled it down and tucked her legs underneath. Come on, she whispered. Lets get in bed.
Are you sure theres enough room in there for both of us? he asked.
Well just have to lie very close together, Alma remarked.
Very close together doesnt even begin to describe it, Jude muttered. Well be on top of each other.
Alma didnt answer. Jude groped around until he felt her leg. His hand squeezed something soft, and then he realized he was massaging her thigh. He yanked his hand back, but he had to feel around until he found it again so he could orient himself to the top of the bed.
In the end, the only way he could find his way under the blankets was to feel and pat and follow the contours of her body up, past her hips and shoulders and arms to the head sticking out of the top.
Alma giggled.
Whats so funny? Jude whispered.
Youre tickling me, Alma twittered.
It isnt funny, Jude hissed, but he chuckled under his breath anyway.
Yes, it is, she replied. Its hilarious.
Jude settled down next to her. He had to press his body tight up against hers to avoid falling off the side of the bed onto the floor. She pressed herself back against him. The comic necessity of the situation prevented either of them from realizing how close they really were.
Dont you want to take some of your clothes off? Alma asked. Youre not going to sleep in those hard pants, are you?
I dont have anything else to sleep in, Jude told her. I dont have any pyjamas, if thats what you mean.
Maybe I can find or make some for you? Alma replied. We have some linen trousers from Turkey in that trunk over by Allegras bed. I have to get into the trunk tomorrow to put the wedding dress away. I might find something that would work as bedclothes for you.
Dont bust yourself on my behalf, Jude told her. I can sleep in these. Ive done it many times before.
You arent on the cattle drive now, you know, Alma pointed out. This is your wedding night. You shouldnt be wearing the same clothes to sleep with your wife that you wear around the campfire. Well find something more suitable for you to wear.
Thanks, Jude snapped.
All of a sudden, Alma felt a burning streak of fire shoot through her. It made her want to jump out of her own bed and run for the hills, but instead she shuddered against Judes wiry body. It made her jump closer toward him and cling to him for all she was worth
Her reaction startled him, too, so he jumped first away from her and then straight back to get away from the edge of the bed. He held her more tightly than ever to avoid falling backward, and the tighter he held her, the more their two bodies shuddered and shivered. They cleaved to each other for shelter against the very shock of being together.
The convulsions rocked them both without diminishing, until Alma thought shed go mad. She couldnt pull back and she couldnt come any closer to him than she already was. Jude wrapped his arms around her and she nestled her face under the blankets against his cotton shirt.
Her breath warmed both his chest and her face. She rested her cheek against his heartbeat, and he crushed her head against his ribs. One of his hands cupped the back of her neck and the other rubbed down her back. With each stroke, icy sparks cascaded down her sides and along the backs of her arms, sending fresh spasms of shock and awe through her body.
Could her sisters hear the thundering of her heart or the panting of her breath under the quilt? Would she ever be able to sleep again with this lightning bolt in her bed? Their clothes, which seemed so thin a minute ago, now felt many miles too thick, keeping them apart against overwhelming gravitational forces. Nothing could stop them from coming together in the end.
Jude sensed the same thing at the same moment, and they both relaxed into one another. Their breathing lengthened and synchronized. Jude rested his cheek against the top of Almas head and took a long inhalation of her earthy scent. Through his shirt, she smelled the salty spice of his sweat as well as something much more primal. It reminded her of the black soil under the trees down by the river, moist and fecund and mysterious.
She didnt recognize that smell. It must be something uniquely male. The only man she ever really knew was her father, and she never got this close to him. He never embraced her. The most affection he ever showed her was to tussle her hair every now and then.
Her heart cried out in her chest for the things she and her sisters missed from living so far away from other people. They missed the society of other children to grow up with, and now that they were adults, they missed the most basic companionship of their peers, even of other women. Alma couldnt remember the sound of her own mothers voice, much less her unique smell.
And the most amazing part was that none of them even knew what they were missing. If Amelia and Allegra remained unmarried, they would never smell this male scent or feel the heat of lying next to him. How poor their lives would be for the loss, but they wouldnt know they were poor. They would think theyd gotten everything they needed from their sisters.
Could a woman starve to death from the absence of a man in her life? Could she shrivel and blow away in the wind, without the essence of a man to breathe life into the tissues of her body? Alma didnt intend to find out. She clutched Jude tighter than ever, drinking him into herself.
The elixir of his essence would drive the cattle puncher out of her. He would wash away the stiffened leather from her arms and legs and the gunpowder from her fingers. His very presence would strip the range away and leave the woman in its place.

  Chapter 16  


Im tired, he whispered into her ear.
Dont go to sleep now, Alma told him. It will be time to get up soon.
He pulled back, but they still couldnt see each other in the darkness. What time do you think it is?
Look over there, she replied. You can see light coming through the crack under the door.
Dont tell me weve been lying here awake all night, he growled.
What do you think weve been doing all this time? she asked.
Do you think anyone heard us? Jude whispered.
No, she answered. We didnt make nearly as much noise as Papa snoring. You heard him in his chair, and then we heard him come over to bed and he started up again. Its the same every night. Amelia and Allegra usually sleep right through it. If they didnt, he surely drowned out any noise we made. But we didnt make any.
I hope not, Jude returned. I wouldnt be able to look them in the eye, if they had heard us.
Why not? she asked. Were married. What do they think were doing in bed together? Telling stories?
You know what I mean, he shot back. It would be better if we had our own house.
And where are you going to build this house? she asked. And who are you going to get to help you build it? And where are you going to get the money to pay them? This is the way people live around here. Every family I know for a hundred miles in every direction has four or five generations living in one room under one roof.
I know, Jude replied. Its just so..
Poor? she offered.
I was going to say rustic, he returned.
What alternative do you suggest? Alma asked.
I guess I cant suggest one, he replied. Because I dont have one to suggest. I have a couple dollars in my wallet and the clothes on my back. I guess were stuck here.
Is it really so bad? Alma asked.
Jude sighed I guess Ill become used to it in time. I guess I wont be staying up all night with you forever. After today, Ill be too tired. Ill be used to sleeping with you in this tiny bed, and Ill be more interested in rolling over and going to sleep than anything else. Well just have to figure out a way of sleeping here together without kicking each other out of bed.
Alma giggled under the blanket. I have to get up now. It wouldnt do for the others to wake up first and find us still in bed together. Ill get dressed and get the fire going and get breakfast made. Do you want to relax here for a while?
Ill get up with you, Jude told her. Theres no sense layin around, wasting good daylight.
Alma brought her face up out of the blankets. Jude stroked the hair away from her face, and they kissed long and leisurely. Alma drank the dew from his lips, the heady liquor of a man.
Some little noise outside the house put an end to it. Maybe it was a drop of moisture falling from the roof. Alma jumped a little when she heard it. Then she gave Jude one last peck on the cheek and hopped out of bed.
She changed into her work clothes in the closet. By the time she came out, Jude was standing in the middle of the room with his boots and hat and gun belt on. He smiled when he saw her.
What? she asked.
His eyes scanned her up and down. Youre wearing your disguise.
Alma gave him a kiss. Dont forget me.
I wont forget, Jude told her.
Alma smiled. Then I can do what I have to do. As long as I know that you remember, Ill be okay.
She braided her hair and went to poke up the fire in the fireplace. The flames leapt up around the tinder as she mixed and patted out the dough for tortillas. Allegra woke up when Jude opened the door to go outside, and the next moment, the whole family burst into activity.
Allegra took a sip of water from a bucket in the corner, ran some of the water through her hair with her fingers, and stuck her hat on her head. She never did anything more to prepare herself for the days work, and she never changed her clothes. Alma didnt even notice anymore. She gave up nagging her about it a long time ago.
Amelia changed her clothes behind the curtain and combed and braided her hair. She washed her face and rinsed out her mouth. Then she went outside and examined the sky. She followed the same routine every day, even in the height of summer, when the weather didnt change and everyone knew it would be blasting hot and dry for months.
Their father went straight from his bed to his chair by the fire. Alma finished making the tortillas, and by the time she set them on the table, her sisters came back and sat down at the table.
Alma watched Allegra take a tortilla off the stack and stuff it into her mouth. She saw the meal unfolding as if for the first time. Wheres Jude? she asked.
Allegra glanced over her shoulder toward the door and balled her tortilla up inside her cheek. I dont know.
He just went out to the barn, Amelia told her. I just saw him go in there.
Someone should tell him were eating, Alma suggested.
No one moved from the table.
She stared at them a moment longer. Then she left the house and went out to the barn. She found Jude brushing down his horse. Breakfast is ready.
Ill be right there, he called over his shoulder.
You better come now, she told him. There wont be anything left in a minute or two.
He turned around and stared at her. Then he dropped his brush and accompanied her back to the house.
When they got inside, Alma sat down at the table with her family and started eating the warm tortillas. Jude stopped halfway between the door and the table and observed them eating. He glanced at the stack of tortillas on the plate, then at his new in-laws eating them one after the other.
He looked at Alma sitting with them. Then he turned on his heel and strode out of the house.

  Chapter 17  


They found him about halfway between the barn and the river.
Where have you been? Alma asked.
Just riding around, he told them. I was having a look around.
We were waiting for you up by the barn, she told him. We didnt know where you were, and we were waiting for you before we went out to the herd.
Didnt you notice my horse was gone? he asked. You should have realized I was already gone.
We saw your horse gone, she replied. But we didnt know if you were planning on coming back and meeting up with us or if youd gone off on your own.
What difference does it make? Jude grumbled.
Just that weve been standing around waiting for you when we could have been out to work already, Alma told him. You should let me know if youre going off by yourself so I dont wonder where youre going and what your plans are.
Im not going to check with you before I go somewhere, he shot back. I wont be tied to your apron strings all the time. Im used to coming and going as I please, and I wont change now, just because Im married.
Alma bristled. I didnt say I wanted you tied to my apron strings. As you can see, I dont even have any apron strings. You can come and go as you please and I dont give a rip. I just said you should tell us what your plans are so we arent standing there waiting for you when we have work of our own to do. If you want to ride from here all the way to Mexico City, its fine with me. Just tell me so I know what youre doing.
No man in his right mind would stoop so low as to inform a woman about his plans and movements, Jude snapped. If youre gonna be my wife, you better get this into your head now. You tell me your plans and movements, so I know what youre doing, not the other way around. Youre a woman. Thats your place.
Alma stared at him. Then, she frowned. First of all, Im not going to be your wife. I am your wife. Second of all, I would tell you my plans and movements out of basic respect for your time. I wouldnt leave you standing around wondering where I was or what I was doing. Thats just simple human consideration. Or is that too much for you to comprehend?
Jude squinted at her from under the brim of his hat. You better learn to watch that tongue of yours.
Almas eyes flew open. What has gotten into you? What happened between this morning and now to make you so hostile all of a sudden? After last night.
Jude cut her off. Dont talk about last night. Dont talk about anything private between you and me in front of your sisters. What happened last night is none of their business, and it doesnt have anything to do with whats happening right now. So dont talk about it.
All right, Alma replied. I wont talk about it. And I wont ask you anything more. Just tell me if youre coming up to the main herd with us right now, because if youre not, well go and leave you here to do whatever it is that you want to do. Were late already, and we have to get going.
Im not coming with you, Jude told her. I have other things to do. You go ahead.
Fine, Alma snapped.
She yanked her horses head around and jabbed the animal in the flanks with her spurs. He shot away underneath her, and Alma galloped off with her sisters at her heels.
They charged up an embankment and down a gulley. Then they plowed up another small hill and Alma pulled her horse up on top of it. Amelia and Allegra reined in their horses as well, so that the three sisters sat side by side on their horses, overlooking the plain below them.
Their cattle ranged on the floor of the plain. Clusters of dots speckled the landscape as far as the eye could see. Alma scanned the herd with her eye, making a mental note of the number and location of their stock.
Judes sudden change in behavior annoyed her and distracted her. What could be wrong with him? Could she rely on him to tell her at some point? Would they reconcile whatever precipitated this conflict? Or would he let it fester and drive a wedge between them?
How could this happen so soon in their marriage? Theyd been married less than twenty-four hours, and already, theyd had their first quarrel. Not a good start to their life together.
Alma closed her eyes on the cattle. She couldnt sigh in front of her sisters without revealing to them that she gave Judes behavior a second thought. She wouldnt reveal it. She wouldnt give them any reason at all to doubt her decision. She couldnt doubt it, either. She had to stick with it and make it work, no matter what. Isnt that what marriage was supposed to be?
Alma opened her eyes. Lets get down there and start rounding them up.
Look over there. Allegra nodded her head back over her shoulder in the direction from which theyd come.
A cloud of dust rose up from the far embankment. It dropped down the gulley, and the next minute, Jude drove his horse up the rise and stopped in a lather next to the sisters.
Alma smiled at him. I thought you werent coming.
Jude shrugged. I changed my mind.

  Chapter 18  


So, Jude continued. Tell me what we have going on here today.
Allegra cleared her throat. Alma shot her a glance and pressed her lips together. Were just getting ready to round them up and drive them down to the river. We water them once in the morning and once in the evening. Thats our daily routine. Why dont you help us? That way youll learn where things are around here.
Why dont you water them in the middle of the day? Jude asked. They dont need water now. Theres dew all over everything, and the plants are cool and juicy. Theyll be getting enough water from their food. You should take them down to the river in the hottest part of the day when they really need it.
Alma cringed. She didnt need to look at her sisters to know where this conversation was going. They get too stressed if we take them in the middle of the day. We do it now because they have more energy now. The water they get from their food in the early morning gives them the strength to make the trip down to the river and back. Theyre too weak in the middle of the day, and they fight too much because they dont want to go. Its too hard on them and on us.
Well, Im here now, so that will make it easier, Jude declared. They dont need water now, and they do need it in the middle of the day. You should take them then.
Alma braced herself. We do it this way, and were going to keep doing it this way. We arent discussing whether to do it. Were doing it now. Were going down to round them up. Do you want to come along and help us or not?
Jude frowned down at the cattle spread out below them, but he didnt answer. Alma sensed her sisters watching her. She tugged her reins and wheeled her horse around. Then she kicked him forward and cantered down the hill toward the herd.
Amelia and Allegra followed her lead. Alma heard the pounding of their horses hooves on the powdery clay behind her. When she reached the bottom of the hill, she charged forward and skirted around the cattle. Her sisters went the other way around the other side of the herd, driving them toward the center of the plain.
Only when she was part of the way around the cattle did Alma happen to glance back and see Jude riding after her. She heard a shrill whistle, and he steered his horse left and right to send the stock toward the middle of the circle.
Almas heart soared, and she tore off to the other quadrant of the circle, relieved and happy to leave him in command of the area. On the other side of the plain, Amelia and Allegra split up, too, so each rider drove the cattle in from one quarter of the circle.
In no time at all, the herd converged in the center of the plain. Allegra took off her hat and waved it over her head. She waved it back in the direction of the hill they just sat on. Jude and Alma pressed in on their animals and sent them stampeding toward the hill. At the last moment, the cattle shot down a side gulley and thundered down it with the riders driving them from behind.
Jude and Alma raced their horses after them, keeping them moving into the gulley until the last crowd of cattle disappeared into the cloud of dust in front of the gap. Alma flushed with happiness as she pulled up her horse next to her sisters.
Jude waved his hand and shouted at them. Dont stop! Keep them going. You dont want to lose the advantage youve gained. Keep them running. Lets go!
We dont have to keep going, Alma called back. This gulley takes them all the way to the river. The cattle in the rear will keep the ones in front running until they get there. We dont have to chase them. Theyll be calmer and theyll drink more if we leave them to take their time. Then theyll wander back here and keep grazing. We always do it this way.
Jude scowled. Its sloppy. I never saw such a sloppy operation.
The smile fell from Almas face and her lips stretched into a hard, straight line. We know the terrain, and we know our own animals. Weve done this enough times that the cattle know the routine. They know how to water themselves and then theyll come back here. Theyll have enough water to keep them going, so they wont be completely dry at the end of the day. Theyll have the energy to get down there again.
Jude pressed his lips together. Youve done it this way for years, I guess.
Thats right, Alma replied.
Jude shook his head. It just goes to show you havent had anything to do with real cattle punchers. Youre women. You dont know any better. And youve been working alone all this time, so I guess it stands to reason that you dont know what youre doing.
Alma didnt dare glance over her shoulder at Amelia and Allegra, but she knew for certain they heard the exchange. Maybe it isnt what youre used to, but it works for us and it works for this herd. Now, come on, lets get back up the hill. We have to keep a look-out for coyotes. Theyll be after our calves before you know it.
Jude frowned again, but followed Alma back up to the top of the hill, where the sisters took their positions in the same mounted line. Alma settled into her saddle.
She loved the cool morning best of all. A bloom of green lightened the landscape. It would disappear in a little while, as soon as the morning sun heated everything and dried the dew from the rocks and bushes. She smiled down at the landscape.

  Chapter 19  


The cattle started coming back through the gap and milling around on the plain. They nibbled the leaves of the scrub and the occasional clumps of grass. Somethings different about this herd, Jude remarked. They look different from the cattle Ive worked with on other ranches.
Allegra spoke up. Thats because theyre part Brahmin. We use a Brahmin bull. You can see the cows and calves that come from him.
But some of them are regular Longhorns, Jude returned. I recognize them.
Thats right, Allegra told him. We started with a base stock of Longhorn cows and bred them with the Brahmin bull. We still have a few of the original Longhorns, but most are a mixture.
What possessed you to go and do a thing like that? Jude asked. Whats wrong with Longhorns?
Nothings wrong with them, Allegra replied.
Then you should have used a Longhorn bull, Jude maintained. You should keep the line as pure as possible.
Why? Allegra asked. Whats a pure line good for?
When you sell them, Jude explained. You get more for purebred Longhorns than for some crazy mongrel mixture. Besides, Longhorns are the best suited to the dry conditions than other cattle breeds.
They might be better suited than Jerseys and Angus breeds, Allegra replied. But Brahmins are suited to dry conditions, too They might be even better than Longhorns. And the slaughterhouse buyer buys our cattle by bulk carcass weight. He doesnt care what breed they are. All that matters is that they reach the sale yards alive.
Jude narrowed his eyes at her. I dont know about that.
If you dont believe me, Allegra shot back. You can ask the buyer yourself the next time we see him. Thats what he told me, and hell tell you the same thing. And Ill tell you something else. Mac Foley, who runs the ranch just next to ours, loans us his Brahmin bull every year at no charge, so we get our cows bred with no cost. If we wanted a Longhorn bull, we would pay top dollar for him, or else we would pay a fee to hire him every year. So it saves us money to use the Brahmin.
I always favored Longhorns myself, Jude grumbled.
Maybe you always favored Longhorns, Allegra acknowledged. Im not saying Longhorns arent good. But the Brahmin bull fits our circumstances, and the animals we get by crossing the two breeds are just as good, if not better, than purebred Longhorns. So thats why we use them.
I still dont like it, he muttered.
Allegra snorted. You dont have to like it.
Alma caught Amelias eye and saw a flash of amusement cross her younger sisters face. Allegra had nailed Jude neatly. To punctuate the conversation, she wrapped her reins around her saddle horn and pulled her rifle out of its leather case at her side. She jumped down.
Im going over to the target range, Allegra announced. Whos coming with me?
Arent you going to guard the cattle? Jude asked.
We take turns, Allegra told him. All three of us dont have to sit here doing nothing the whole time. Its Almas turn to guard them. Shell call me if anything happens and she needs me to come back.
Ill come with you. Amelia nudged her horse over next to Allegras. She slid down from her saddle and tied both horses to the branch of a tree a little way away. She took out her own rifle and the two sisters walked away toward a gulley behind the hill.
After they left, Jude turned to Alma. What are they going to do over there?
Allegra likes to practice shooting during the slow times, Alma told him. Shes become really good with all that practice. Why dont you go with them? It will be a lot more interesting than sitting up here with me.
Jude shook his head. Ill stay with you. Its probably a lot safer for me than going off into the desert alone with those two. They might shoot me and leave me in the gulley for the coyotes.
Alma chuckled. No, they wouldnt. At least, they wouldnt unless I told them to.
I see, Jude replied. Are you sure you wouldnt tell them to?
Alma smiled. Not yet, anyway. But youre not makin any friends around here by telling them how to manage our herd. Weve put a lot of work into this herd, and weve gone to a lot of trouble to figure out what works best for them. You just got here. Do yourself a big favor and just watch and learn. You might find out we know what were doing after all.
Jude frowned. I dont want to watch and learn, especially not from. He shut his mouth without finishing his sentence.
Alma understood him. You mean, from a bunch of women? Thats okay. I understand how you feel. But think about it. Even if you plan to take over this ranch some day, you need to learn about the local conditions and the ways of managing this herd that work best for our animals. You might not like to learn from women, but just give yourself some time to take it all in. Thats all Im saying.
Jude kept his mouth closed and didnt argue with her.
Alma nodded over her shoulder. Come over and sit under the tree with me for a while. This could be one of the only chances we have to be alone. Lets sit and talk for a while until they come back.
She kicked off her stirrups and jumped down from her saddle. She tied up her horse with the others and sat in the shade. Jude hesitated, frowning down at the cattle on the plain. Then he dismounted and joined Alma under the tree.

  Chapter 20  


Your sister, Allegra, seems like a tough nut to crack, Jude observed.
Alma grinned. You sure know how to wind each other up.
Whats the matter with her, anyway? Jude asked. Why does she think she has to be a man?
She doesnt, Alma countered. As far as I know, she doesnt think shes a man, and shes not trying to be a man. Shes a woman, just like Amelia and me.
Then why does she act like that? Jude asked.
Like what? Alma asked.
You know what I mean, Jude growled back. She looks like a man and she does everything possible to act like one. Shes over there in the gulley right now, practicing her target shooting.
So is Amelia, Alma pointed out. We all wear range clothes. Is it her hair you mean that makes her look like a man?
Its much more than her hair, Jude told her. At least you and Amelia wear your hair long. Anyone could tell you were women a mile away. No, theres something hard and stiff about Allegra that you and Amelia dont have. You must know what it is.
Alma gazed across the landscape into the distant horizon. Shes had a hard time. Maybe shes never had a chance at life, not the way the rest of us have had.
Jude wasnt listening. I pity the man who tries to marry her.
I dont think Allegra will ever get married, Alma murmured. Shes said so many times, and I wouldnt blame her if she spends the rest of her life alone. Theres no reason for her to get married.
What do you mean? Jude asked.
Alma fell silent for a long moment. Never mind. Lets talk about something else. Whether you agree or disagree with the way weve run this ranch, just try to keep your opinions to yourself for now. Later on, after weve gotten to know you a little better, you can introduce whatever new ideas and Ill support you. If you try to do it now, youll just make everyone mad and theyll never listen to you.
Jude picked up a stick from the ground and snapped it between his fingers. Youre just being all-mighty stubborn, is all. You wont listen to reason. You wont see a better way of doin things when its shoved in your faces.
Alma sighed. She stretched out her hand and laid it on his arm. Maybe its because youre shoving it in our faces that we dont want to listen. Im telling you, if youll just wait a little while longer, theyll listen to you better and Ill back you up. Its just too soon. Its your very first day. You dont want to rub them the wrong way from the very start. Just let them do it their way until theyre ready to listen to a different idea.
Jude threw the stick away. Women running cattle ranches! Whoever heard of such a thing! Its the ruination of the whole Western way a life!
Alma clenched her teeth to stop herself from laughing in his face. He looked so comic when he said that, with his cheeks puffed out and his eyebrows jumping around. Listen. Im your wife, and Ive been running a cattle ranch for years. I havent ruined the Western way of life, and I dont seem to have ruined my chance to be the wife of a man, either. It cant be as bad as all that.
I dont mean you, Jude replied. Youre different. I meant more your sister, Allegra. If thats what this country is coming to, then were all in big, big trouble.
How am I different? Alma asked. I can ride and shoot and brand em as well as she can. I just have long hair, thats all.
Maybe its the fact that you wanted a man, and you took steps to get yourself married to one. Thats what makes you different. Jude turned toward her. Its not the long hair. Its nothing to do with your appearance at all. Its something underneath the surface, something very soft and feminine. You could be wearing a suit of plate mail, and it would still show through. You would still be pure female.
Hmm. Alma followed the specks of cows wandering over the range on the valley floor below. I thought the same thing about you last night. I havent spent much time around men in my life. In fact, I havent spent any time with men. But last night, I sensed something about you that seemed like pure male. I didnt know what it was, but it was malepure male.
Jude stared hard into her eyes as she said this. When she finished, he slid his hips across the ground so he sat right up against her. His presence surprised her, and she looked up into his eyes.
Did you enjoy last night? he asked.
Alma blushed. Yes.
Jude glanced over his shoulder. How long are they likely to stay down in the gulley shooting? We could sneak off right now.
Almas eyes flew open. What? Now? You cant be serious!
Why not? Jude asked. Were all alone. Were a lot more alone now than we were last night.
We werent alone at all last night, Alma replied.
At least they were all asleep, Jude remarked. At least they didnt hear us.
You hope they didnt, Alma corrected.
We didnt make any noise. Out here, Jude swept his hand across the plain. Theres no one to hear us. You could yell your head off and no one would know.
If I yelled, Alma told him. They would come running. Thats our signal to get back here pronto.
Jude slid his arm around her waist and pulled her against him. Come on. Lets sneak off behind those bushes over there. Well be there and back before they know were gone.
Alma laughed, but her body softened instinctively against him. She fell under the heady sway of his presence. He breathed through his nostrils against the skin of her cheek, and she thought she would lose consciousness altogether. Her head lolled back against the fleshy part of his shoulder, her eyelids drooped, and her lips hung open in hunger for him.
A buzzing in her ears blocked out the sounds around them, and Alma felt the same vibration spread through her whole body, dissolving her into tiny flashing lights like fireflies dancing here and there before dissipating into the fragile air.
Judes mouth drifted closer to hers and his breath fanned her skin. Could this happen here, on this ridge overlooking their cattle herd? Shed sat on this spot day in and day out for years, watching these cows and shooting any predators that came near. She never suspected she could experience anything so extraordinary here as the presence of Jude McCann.
His presence initiated her into the mysteries of woman more effectively on this spot than they had the night before in her own bed. His touch meant more here, and she wanted him more passionately here than in bed.
From a great distance, the popping of gunfire reminded her where she was. With an enormous effort, the knowledge that her sisters could come back at any time forced its way into her mind. Alma pulled away ever so slightly.
Jude sensed her hesitation. Like a candle blown out with a single breath, the fire burning between them died to a cold black cinder.
Alma opened her eyes and found Jude studying her. Well have to go off somewhere by ourselves. Thats the only way were ever going to have any privacy.
Where would you like to go? she asked.
Jude gazed off into the distance. I dont know. Youll have to decide. Im sure you know all the good hiding places around here.
We could go for a walk after supper tonight, she suggested. Papa and the girls will be in the house. Well be alone.
Jude stretched. No. Tonight, I sleep. Im worn out from last night. Maybe tomorrow we can go.
Alma smiled at him, but he didnt see. Alright.
So this is how it would be from now on. Sleep meant more than anything else. They were married for certain now.

  Chapter 21  


So what did you think of your first day? Amelia asked Jude. Was it what you expected it to be?
All in all, Jude replied. I think it was pretty close to what I expected. I can see this ranch has some unique characteristics that Im going to have to get used to. But its only my first day. I have the rest of my life to deal with the ranch.
The next thing you know, youll be making supper, Allegra teased him.
Jude grimaced. Not likely.
He slid the barn door closed, and he and the three sisters strolled back to the house. When the two younger sisters went inside, Alma held Jude back with her hand on his arm. Amelias cooking tonight, she told him. And Allegra is cleaning up. We have a few minutes before suppers ready. Would you like to go for a walk now?
Jude shook his head. Im beat. After staying up all night, all I want to do is sit down for a while, eat something, and then go to bed. Im sure Ill be more interested after Ive had a decent nights sleep. How often do you get the night off?
Every three days, Alma told him. We can plan on spending some time alone, away from everyone, the next time theyre both working. What do you think of that?
Jude leaned down and kissed her lightly on the lips. Its a date. He stooped under the door frame into the dark of the house.
In the one big room, Clarence Goodkind already sat in his chair by the fire, staring into the coals. He paid no attention to Amelia squatting in front of him, stirring up the embers to make their meal.
Jude threw his lanky frame into the nearest chair and sighed. He took off his hat, slapped the dust from it against the side of his leg, and hung it on his knee. Alma stared at him for a moment, trying to decide what to do with herself.
She could sit down next to Jude until Amelia served supper, but she never sat idle in the evenings before. She did some mending or sharpening tools or some other chores in this precious free time. She wasnt about to start sitting around now. Anyway, Jude just said he didnt want to spend any time together. He wanted to eat and go to sleep. He wouldnt appreciate her imposing herself on him now. In all likelihood, he valued the time to sit and rest as much as she did.
Alma sat down on the edge of her bed and kicked off her boots. She hung her hat on the bedpost along with her gun belt. Then, she had a sudden idea. She crossed the room to Allegras bed.
Allegra sat in the same position on the edge of her bed, the way they all did when they werent sitting at the table for meals. What are you doing? she asked.
Alma took hold of one of the leather handles on the side of the trunk and dragged it away from the wall. She opened it and rifled through its contents. I saw some of Mamas old dresses in here. I thought Id get them out and take a look at them.
What for? Allegra asked.
Alma shrugged. I might want to wear them someday.
What would you want to wear them for? Allegra asked. Theyre no good for riding or range work.
I might not want to do range work for the rest of my life, Alma replied. I might like to do something else. Then Ill need different clothes.
Allegra stared at her. What would you do that youd need a dress for?
What do you think? Alma shot back. Ill be a wife and mother at home, just like Mama. Ill be at the house, cooking and cleaning and doing laundry and taking care of my children.
Allegras mouth fell open, and a gasp came out. You cant be serious!
Why not? Alma asked. What do you think is going to happen? Im married, and I have a husband in my bed. Its only a matter of time before I wind up pregnant, and then I wont be able to work on the range anymore. These pants wont fit me anymore. Ill need something else to wear.
Allegra stared at her. The concept didnt make sense to her.
Alma smiled at her blank face and went back into the trunk. She pulled out two plain cotton dresses with ruffled sleeves. She held one of them up to her body to measure the length from her waist to the hem. She caught a glimpse of Allegras face and burst out laughing. Whats the matter? Dont you like the way it looks?
Allegra shook herself out of her trance. It just doesnt fit. I just cant imagine you as a Mexican housewife in that dress.
You didnt mind me in Mamas wedding dress, Alma reminded her. Whats so different about this?
That was different, Allegra told her. I could understand you wanting to wear a wedding dress to get married. But then you changed back into your regular work clothes. This is different. This. Her eyes scanned Alma down and back up. This means something different. It means youre a different person.
Who am I? Alma asked.
Allegra gulped. Was that the glistening of moisture in the corner of her eyes. This dress means youre not the Alma I know anymore. Youre not the cattle puncher I know. Youre someone Ive never met before.
Alma considered her words. Youre right. Im not the cattle puncher you know. I changed, and it wasnt the wedding dress that did it or even this dress here. It wasnt any clothes that did it. I got married. Im not the Alma you know anymore, because Im not Alma Goodkind anymore. Im Alma McCann, like you said yourself, and Im happy to change into something other than a cattle puncher. I want to be a wife and a mother, and I want my place to be in the home at the fireside, not out in the saddle in all kinds of weather.
Allegra stared at her. Her voice came out as a husky whisper, and her words pleaded for an irretrievable outcome that slipped through her fingers when she wasnt looking. But youre my sister. I dont want to lose my sister.

  Chapter 22  


Almas eyes stung with tears. She threw the dress down into the open trunk and rushed to Allegras side. She wrapped her arm around her youngest sisters shoulders. Ill always be your sister, no matter what I change into. Ill never change into anything that will take me away from you. You never have to worry about that.
But where will I find you? Allegra whimpered. Where will I find the sister who I know? If youre being a wife and a mother here in the house and wearing Mamas dresses, where will I find the leader of our ranching operation? Where will I look for the sister I used to count on to show us the way and keep us on track? That sister will be gone forever.
Alma listened in silence. Maybe you could become the leader that you need. Maybe you could be the guiding force for the ranch. You know everything I know. Maybe you dont need me anymore.
But I do need you, Allegra cried. I dont want to work on this ranch without you. It just wont be the same if all three of us arent out there anymore. If you go, whats to stop Amelia from going, too? Then Ill be all alone. A tear rolled down her cheek, and Alma felt her own sobs threatening to overwhelm her.
Ill stay with you as long as I can, Alma promised. Ill ride the ranges with you as long as you need me. But its only a matter of time before being married catches up to me, and then Ill have to give it up.
Is that what you want? Allegra asked. Do you want to give it up?
Yes, Alma told her. I want to be a woman. I want to be soft and gentle and loving and comforting to my husband and children. I dont want to be a cattle puncher all my life. I want to come home to the fireside and stay there. I want to be the home that cattle punchers like you come home to. I want you to know there will always be a fire on the hearth and a hot meal on the table because Im there to make it.
Allegra hung her head, and the tears fell into her lap. I thought the three of us would always stay together. I never knew you wanted anything different.
I didnt want to let you down, Alma admitted. I didnt want to have this conversation were having now. I didnt want you to think I was leaving you.
Allegra nodded and sniffed. I understand why you want to come home to the fireside. I really do. I only wish I could, too. But I cant.
Alma put her arms around her sister and hugged her against her chest. You have a different destiny. But let me be the one to give it to you. Let me be the one to make a home for you. Let me make a soft place for you to land when you come back to the nest. If you never get married, youll need someone to look after you. Let me be the one.
Allegras shoulders shook in Almas arms with sobs long unshed. Alma cried into the back of Allegras head. All right, Allegra whispered. All right. You be the one.
When they both wiped their eyes and blew their noses, Alma put her mothers dresses away in the trunk and closed the lid on that dream. The time wasnt right yet. Allegra still needed her, and Amelia probably did, too. Jude wasnt ready to ride with them on his own yet. He needed her support before he could hold his own with the sisters.
Alma went back to her bed and sat down in the same place. She unbuckled her belt. If only she could change into one of those soft comfortable dresses now. If only she could take these stiff heavy pants off once and for all. They chafed her until she was sore, especially when she sat in the saddle all day.
A bitter loathing for the cattle punchers life overwhelmed her. What made her live that life so enthusiastically over the last few years? She had to get up tomorrow morning and ride out to the range with her sisters the same way she always did. If she didnt have to go, she would throw her pants, boots, hat, and belt on the fire right now and be done with it.
She sighed. To think, it was Jude who wanted so badly for her to be a woman and act like one. It was Jude she had to ride out to take care of, to make sure he didnt cross her sisters so badly, he lost his place on this ranch. He probably didnt understand that himself.
She glanced across the room. There he sat in his chair, staring blankly ahead of him, too tired to think. A surge of affection for him made her want to run to him and throw her arms around him. But her father sat just a few feet away. He wouldnt approve of that sort of display.
Just then, Amelia put the food on the table. Allegra crossed the room to the table and pulled up her chair. Jude roused himself slightly and glanced toward the tortillas, the meat, and the bowl of grilled vegetables. At least he didnt grimace in disgust the way he did last night. He might just be hungry enough to eat something.
Alma took the chair next to him. Amelia sat opposite them. One chair remained vacant for their father. Clarence heaved himself out of his rocking chair and shuffled over to the table.

  Chapter 23  


But he didnt sit down. He stopped a little distance away, his bleary eyes focused somewhere in the direction of the table.
Come sit down, Papa, Amelia called out to him. Suppers on the table. Come and eat before its gone.
The old man didnt move. He swayed on his feet. Alma glanced over at him. Could he fall over? Maybe he wanted to come to the table and couldnt. Maybe he was having trouble walking. That happened sometimes.
Do you want me to help you get into the chair, Papa? Alma asked. Theres a chair right here for you.
She started to rise from her own chair to take him by the arm, but his words made her stop. I wont come to the table. I wont come to the table as long as that. His bony finger stretched out. As long as thats there.
They all craned their necks to see what he was pointing at, and they followed the line of his finger toward Jude.
Whats the matter? Allegra asked. Its only Jude. Hes Almas husband. Dont you remember?
I dont care if hes the Lord Mayor, Clarence spat. I wont eat at the same table as that man!
Whats the matter, Papa? Alma cried out. Whats wrong with Jude? You ate with him last night. Whats gotten into you now?
I didnt think of it last night, her father rumbled. I didnt have a chance to think it over. But Ive been sitting here thinking about it all day today, and Im determined not to have that.that thing in my house.
Hes not a thing, Alma corrected him. And I wont have you calling him names as long as Im around. Hes a man.
You may think hes a man, Clarence shot back. I say hes a monster. If I could undo your wedding, I would.
What is the matter with you? Alma gasped. What has made you turn against Jude all of a sudden?
I didnt remember everything before, he told her. I didnt have a chance. But I remember now. I remember plenty. And I know enough to get that creature out of my house while I have the chance.
You still havent told us why, Allegra put in. Can you explain why you want him out of your house now, when you were happy to have him last night?
Ill tell you, Clarence replied. I dont have to, but I will. I told you last night about those Yankee soldiers who killed our men at the Battle of Little Crooked Ridge. Well, hes one of em. I know that now.
But Jude told you, Alma recalled. He never even heard of that battle before you mentioned it yesterday.
Maybe you believe that story, but I dont. He was there, and he helped butcher our men, and I wont have him sitting at my table eating my food. He turned his half-blind eyes on Jude. Youve had your fun, Mister. Youve had your way with my innocent daughter here, and youve told us all a fine story about your life up there in Amarillo. But now youve been found out, and Ill thank you to get out of my house, and dont let the door hit you in the backside on the way out.
Jude froze. His eyes sought out the sisters. Alma and her sisters exchanged glances. Papa, Jude and I are married now. You cant just boot him out without so much as a thank you very kindly. He has the same right to live in this house as the rest of us. If he goes, Ill have to go with him. Is that what you want?
Her fathers expression made Almas heart quail in her chest. If you want to stick with him, you go right ahead. If you want to take him over me, you better get out of here, too. I wont have him around, and if you see fit to stand by him against me, then I dont want you around, either.
Alma gasped in shock. Papa!
You cant mean that, Allegra put in. You cant be serious about kicking Alma out. I can understand you wanting to get rid of Jude, but you cant throw Alma out, too. Shes your own daughter.
No daughter of mine would support a monster like him against me, Clarence thundered. Hes one of em, I tell you, and no one can convince me otherwise. I wont have him here in my house, and I wont share my bread and meat with him, either. Hes my enemy, and he wont share the shelter of my house with my family.
Jude leaned forward to push his chair back, but Alma restrained him. Do you really intend to throw both of us out over this? What proof do you have that hes the man you think he is? Im sure if we sit down and discuss this, well figure out its all a misunderstanding.
I have all the proof I need, her father shot back. I dont need to discuss anything with anyone to know what I know. He lied to you about who he was to get you to marry him. Now get out of here!
This time, Jude broke free from Almas grip and rose from the table. If this is how you feel, Ill go.
Alma leapt to her feet. Wait, Jude! Dont go!
I dont have to sit here and listen to this, Jude snapped. If he doesnt want me in his house, then I wont stay where Im not wanted.
And what about me? Alma cried. What if I want you to stay in this house? Doesnt that mean anything to you?
If you want me to stay in this house, Jude replied. You better straighten your father out. I wont stand around being called a monster and a liar and a butcher. If you want me to stay here, you better take it up with him.
He stomped out of the house. The door banged shut after him, and a terrible stillness descended over the little house.
Allegra broke the silence. Well, this is a fine how do you do. She reached for another tortilla.
Alma knocked over her chair getting away from the table. Her sisters watched her fly across the room and burst out of the house into the darkness outside.

  Chapter 24  


Alma followed the sound of tinkling metal to the barn. She ran over to the circle of lantern light at the end of the building. Jude straightened his horses bridle and laid out the leather reins as if he planned to go somewhere.
Where are you going? Alma asked.
I guess Ill head back up north, he replied. I have friends on ranches up north of Austin who will give me work for the rest of the season. I can make enough money to keep me going until I find a more permanent position somewhere.
Almas heart pounded in her ribcage. You cant be thinking of leaving. We just got married.
I told you, Jude growled. I wont stay on the same patch with a man who calls me a bunch of hateful names and thinks I butchered a bunch of Confederate soldiers.
Hes a doddering old man, Alma told him. He probably cant see well enough to recognize your face. You cant hold this sort of thing against him. His mind doesnt work right at the best of times. You have to make allowances for his age. Hes infirm. You shouldnt take anything he says very seriously.
Is that the way you handle him? Jude asked. Well, I wont excuse him for that. I dont care how old or infirm he is. If he cant control himself, he shouldnt be allowed to interfere with normal peoples lives. And if hes that mentally unsound, then maybe he shouldnt be in the house with the rest of us. He should be put out by himself where he wont trouble anyone with his ranting and raving.
We cant put him out, Alma maintained. Hes our own father.
And you can put me out instead? Jude returned. Very well, then. You keep him and Ill go.
Please dont leave, Jude, Alma pleaded. Im your wife. Stay with me. Ill deal with Papa for you.
And how will you deal with him? Jude shot back. What exactly will you do about these accusations hes making?
I wont do anything, Alma told him. Ill pretend this never happened. You and I will go back into the house and finish our supper. Papa will go back to his chair by the fire if he hasnt already. And the rest of us will continue to live our lives without the least thought about his accusations.
You cant just ignore this sort of behavior, Jude insisted. You have to make a stand against it now. Otherwise, youre just encouraging it and it will have it going on all the time.
You sound like youre dealing with a child, Alma pointed out. Hes an old man. You cant just whip him and send him to bed. You have to indulge him a little bit.
Indulge him? Jude sneered. And what about me? Are you going to indulge me by whipping him?
I cant whip him, Alma replied. Hes my father.
Why dont you indulge me by telling him you wont put up with this ridiculous behavior? Jude continued. Why do you support him and not me?
I am supporting you, Alma insisted. Im telling you that if we ignore it, if we act as if it doesnt exist, it wont exist.
Jude scowled toward the house. Hes an old fool if he thinks I did anything in the war. All these old veteransall they ever think about is the blasted war.
You have to admit, Alma remarked. He must have some reason to feel as strongly as he does. Something must have set him off to make him think you were there.
Jude started back. Dont tell me you believe him! Dont tell me you think theres any truth to his story. That would be the icing on the cake, if you turned against me and started thinking I was holding anything back.
Im just saying, Alma explained. Youre acting like you do have something to hide. Youre acting as irrationally as he is, and you wont even talk to him to clear the matter up. It doesnt do anything for your claims of innocence. Thats all Im saying.
Jude waved his arms around in a wild gesture of desperation. I wasnt even born when the war was going on! he shouted. How could I do the things he says I did? My parents hadnt even met back then.
Then why dont you just tell him that? Alma pointed toward the house. Just tell him exactly what you just told me. We can clear all this up in a couple of minutes, and then we can all go on with our happy lives.
No, I wont, Jude grumbled. I wont waste two minutes of my precious time explaining myself to such a fool as him.
Alma crossed her arms over her chest. Then you cant expect him or me or anyone else to take your word for your innocence, can you?
Youre my wife, Jude shot back. Youre supposed to support me, no matter what. Youre supposed to defend me against everyone else.
I told you before, Alma snapped. I am supporting you. Im telling you how to clear this up so hell never be able to say anything against you again. But you wont do it. And you stand there and call him a fool!
If you believe him, Jude declared. If you honestly think theres any chance I could have done the things he thinks I did, then I dont want to have anything to do with you. Go back to your family and leave me alone. Ill go home to the people who want to believe in me.
Alma narrowed her eyes. Just like that, huh? Well, goodbye, and good riddance to bad rubbish! She spun away and stomped toward the door of the barn.
Jude jumped away from his horse and caught Alma by the arm. Alma, wait!
Alma whirled on him with her black eyes flashing. If you havent heard a word Ive said, that I believe youre innocent and we can make everyone else believe it, too, with just a few words from you to explain your situation, then youre too stupid to be married. If you would throw me away just like that, without even trying to explain your position to him and my sisters, then I dont want anything to do with you, either. You can go back to Austin or Amarillo, or wherever you want to go. I dont care. Let me go and get out of here!
She yanked her arm back, but he held her fast. Alma, wait!

  Chapter 25  


Alma got another volley of acid words ready to launch at him, but the look in his eye stopped her.
Im sorry I said that, he growled. I didnt mean I didnt want to have anything to do with you. Im just worked up about the things he said about me. Thats all.
You made your own bed, Alma grumbled. You could stop his mouth with a single word explaining that youre too young to be in the war, but you wont. I dont understand it. I told you a dozen times I know youre innocent. I just cant figure out why you dont clear your name with him the same way.
He wont listen to me, Jude muttered. He has his mind made up about me, and nothing will change it.
You havent tried, Alma repeated.
I havent tried, he agreed. And Im not going to try. I wouldnt stoop so low.
Then just wait a little while, Alma told him. Just wait until he goes back to his chair and Amelia and Allegra go to bed. Then well go back up to the house and slip into bed. Well wake up tomorrow morning and ride out to work like nothing ever happened.
Do you really think thats the best way to handle this situation? he asked. There has to be a better way.
Well, she returned. Running away sure isnt it.
I guess youre right, Jude replied. I guess I let my head get away from me.
Alma smiled at him. Does that happen to you a lot?
Jude stared down at the toe of his boot. I guess it does. I guess I dont really think things through all that much. Maybe I should.
Maybe you should, Alma agreed. But youre married now, and two heads are better than one. I know how to handle my father and my sisters. If you just listen to me, I can smooth things over for you.
All right, he replied.
Take my word for it, Alma continued. If you dont pay Papas accusations the slightest attention, you can live peacefully enough with me and Amelia and Allegra. Dont talk to him until he gets over it on his own. Pretty soon, hell run out of steam and he wont accuse you anymore. Hell sort the whole thing out in his own mind, and that will be the end of it.
Jude averted his face toward the barn wall. I dont like it. I dont like giving ground when I know the other man is in the wrong.
In his mind, Alma told him. Hes in the right. If you wont explain to him about being too young to be in that battle, then just ignore him.
And what if he starts ranting and raving like he did tonight? Jude asked. What if he starts foaming at the mouth and saying he wont eat at the same table with me or have me staying in his house and sleeping with his daughter? What then?
If he says that, Alma replied. Just keep eating and sleeping with his daughter. What can he do to stop you? Were married, and its as much my house as his. Where does he think youre going to sleep, if not with me?
Jude fidgeted. Then he stole a peek at Alma. That parts alright, dont you think?
The part about you sleeping with his daughter? Alma grinned. Its all right with me. Its worth putting up with the ranting of an addled old man. Thats the only reason I put up with it.
All right, Jude replied. In that case, Ill put up with it, too.
Alma beamed at him. Thank you. I dont think well have to put up with it for long. Then it will be in the distant past and we wont even remember that he said anything.
Jude sighed. How long do you think we have to wait out here before we can go back inside?
We dont have to wait long, Alma told him. We can go in any time now, if you want to. I just thought.
What? he asked.
I thought, she continued. This might be a good chance to spend some time alone together. No one will come out looking for us in the dark. Theyll think were having a quarrel or something.
Jude cracked a mischievous grin. Leave it to you to think of that. Arent you tired from last night?
Not too much, Alma replied. Are you?
Im wiped out, he told her. I wouldnt be much good to you.
Let me be the judge of that, Alma replied. She took him by the hand and led him to the far back corner of the barn, where a place to stable a horse stood empty with fresh clean dry grass spread out on the ground.
Alma kicked the grass into a pile in the corner and drew Jude down onto it. She leaned her back against the hardened clay wall of the building. Jude slouched down and stretched out next to her.
He looped his arm under the small of her back and pillowed his head on the soft flesh of her shoulder where it met her chest.
So were alone together, he murmured. I dont suppose you want to spend the night out here. I dont think I can stay awake another night, no matter how interesting things get.
I wasnt thinking of staying out here all night, Alma replied. I wasnt even thinking about making things interesting. If youre tired, we can just sit together and talk until we go back inside. Like you said, we probably wont get much chance. We should take the opportunity when and where we find it.
It sure is nice to lie here with you without a bunch of other people around, Jude remarked. This is the first time weve been alone together, apart from this morning when your sisters went out shooting.
We werent really alone then, Alma pointed out. Amelia and Allegra were just over the hill and they could have come back at any moment. They wont come now. Theyre probably all sound asleep now.
You people sure go to bed early, Jude replied. You dont even sit up working in the evenings the way most people do.
The longer you stay up, Alma told him. The more money it costs in candles and lamp oil. We get up at sunrise, anyway, so its best to go to bed as soon as suppers over. Thats the way weve always done it. And then. She stopped.
What is it? he asked.
If you do anything else, she stammered. You wind up staying up for a while, so it makes up for it.
Oh, I understand, Jude replied. Kind of like we did last night?
Something like that, Alma replied.
He chuckled into her shirt. She slid her hand up his back where the pointy bones of his spine broke the smooth surface of his skin. She felt the hardened bands of muscle underneath the velvety cover of skin. When her hand reached the cleft of his neck, she squeezed and rubbed the tight bands of sinew between his shoulders and the bony base of his head. He hummed and sighed.
I was thinking about what you said about us having our own house, Alma murmured. There are lots of nice spots down along the river where we could build something. If we start having children, this house is going to get pretty tight once they start growing up. We could build a house down by the river in the shade of the willows. That would be nice.
Jude didnt answer.
I know what I said about people around here living with four generations under one roof, she continued. But now that weve spent one night in the house with my father and my sisters, and now that weve had a couple of times alone together, I think it would be nice to have our own house. And I know what I said about getting the money to build it. But if you want to, we could sell some my share of the stock now to get the money to start the house. Then we could use our share of the auction sales in the fall to pay for the rest.
She caught her breath to stop herself from babbling excitedly and to give Jude a chance to answer. She held her breath, waiting for him to respond. But he still didnt answer.
A queer heaviness in his limbs made her pull her hand away from his neck, but he still didnt move a muscle. Then a long snore reverberated through the quietness of the barn. He had fallen asleep.

  Chapter 26  


Light penetrated the thatch of the barn roof long before it eked under the door of the house, so Alma woke up first again. She managed to work herself out from under Jude without waking him up, and she hurried to the house.
When she opened the door, she found her father and sisters all still asleep. She halted on the threshold. Then she picked up the wooden bucket from just inside the doorway and went out again to the well.
She filled the bucket up, combed a handful of the cool water through her hair, and rearranged her hair. She could show up at the house pretending shed just gotten out of bed. Jude could pretend hed gotten up with her and gone out to the barn before the others woke up.
She hauled the bucket back to the house and stirred up the fire. As she mixed the dough for the tortillas, Judes silhouette darkened the door. He stopped on the threshold the same way she did. Then he tiptoed into the room and sat down in the chair by the fire.
Theyre sure sleeping soundly, he whispered.
Theyll never know we didnt come in last night, she whispered back.
What about your bed? he asked. It hasnt been slept in.
How can you tell? she returned. How can you tell I didnt make it up this morning?
Jude chuckled. Good one.
Beside, she continued. Were married. We can stay out all night if we want to. Its none of their business.
But wont they think.? Jude swallowed the last words.
Let them think whatever they want to think, Alma declared. Whatever they think, its probably the truth.
You mean, he asked. Theyll think I fell asleep before we had a chance to do anything?
I mean, Alma shot back. Theyll think we spent the night alone together because we wanted to be alone. We didnt want to spend the night in the same room with three other people. Let them think. You cant stop a person from thinking.
A stir from the other side of the room put an end to their conversation. Allegra stretched on her bed and swung her legs over the side. Her boot heels hit the floor with a clunk. She scratched her head, furrowed her brow at Jude and Alma, and then at Amelia and her father still in their beds.
Alma smiled at her. Allegra scowled into every part of the room trying to fit the puzzle pieces together. But, in the end, she shrugged, walked out the door, and came back with her hair and face wet and her expression clear. She came over to the fire place and squatted down between Jude and Alma.
What do ya say to cuttin a steer from the herd today? she asked. Were running low on meat, and weve been surviving on salt tack for months now. I dont know about you, but Im ready for some fresh meat for a change.
You always liked salt tack before, Alma pointed out. Its not like you to splash out on fresh meat. Youve always prided yourself on getting by on the rough stuff.
A body can only get by on the rough stuff for so long, Allegra replied. Maybe Im just seeing things differently since Jude came. We dont have to serve him on the rough stuff right from the start. We could have a feast of fresh meat and honey candy to celebrate your marriage.
Jude glanced sideways at Allegra. You dont have to go out of your way on my account.
Why not? Allegra asked. Youre married to my sister, arent you? That entitles you to a celebration, if nothing else does. You dont have to keep a stiff upper lip all the time, you know. I saw the way you handled the food that first night you came home. It wasnt exactly what youre used to, but you sure minded your manners about it. That was well done, and Im sure all of us appreciate it.
It wasnt anything worth mentioning, Jude muttered. And your father didnt seem all that impressed with me.
Allegra waved her hand. Dont give him a second thought. He can blow a lot of hot air, but its nothing but a big noise signifying nothing.
Thats exactly what I told him, Alma put in.
Papas not exactly the man he used to be before his accident, Allegra went on. He spends more and more of his time in the past, in the war and in his married life with my mother. He doesnt think so clearly about the present.
Thats exactly what I told him, Alma said again.
Jude glanced at the sleeping form in the bed closest to the door. Should you really be talking about him like that with him right over there across the room?
Id tell him the same thing straight to his face, Allegra replied. All of us think the same thing. And all of us think you handled that first supper well, too. No one said so, but you could tell just from the way they acted. You deserve a break, and I dont think Im stepping out of line by offering to give it to you.
What are you suggesting? Jude asked.
Just what I said before, Allegra returned. We dont have to eat boiled salt tack and grilled prickly-pears, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. We can put on the good food when we want to, and youve earned it. Hoots, we all deserve it! Dont you think so, Alma?
Alma sniffed. I think its a wonderful idea. Thank you, Allegra. That means a lot coming from you.
Youre darn tootin its a wonderful idea, Allegra declared. We havent had any kind of celebration in years. You didnt think you could just go off and get married without one, did ya? Shucks, its practically mandatory around here. Some of the families around here spend a week after the wedding drinking and fighting and making idiots of themselves in the streets of the town. A big meal with a bunch of fancy, expensive food is the least we can do for the two of you.
Her voice rose in pitch in the excitement of her plans, and Amelia rolled over in her bed.
Just wait until we tell Amelia and Papa! Allegra exclaimed. Jude, you can help me rope the steer and dress it out. What do ya say? That will break up the day a little.
Ill say, Jude replied. Are you really sure you want to sacrifice one of your prime steers for this? It seems awfully extravagant.
You bet its extravagant! Allegra shot back. Thats the whole idea. It wouldnt be a wedding celebration if it wasnt extravagant. She clapped her hands and jumped up. Come on, Alma. Get breakfast made so we can get out and get started.
Alma laughed. Alright. I havent seen you this excited in a long time. You werent as excited as this when I got married.
This is different, Allegra replied. I couldnt really do anything for your wedding. This is something I can do, and its something I enjoy doing.
She tripped out the door without waiting for breakfast.
Alma watched her go and laughed.

  Chapter 27  


Whats got into her? Jude asked. I thought she had it in for me.
I dont think she ever had it in for you, Alma returned. And, anyway, this celebration shes planning is as much for her as it is for us. Shes always on the look-out for anything to break the monotony. She usually comes up with some wild idea every day just to occupy her interest.
Still, Jude continued. I wouldnt expect her to come up with a way to celebrate our marriage, no matter how much it occupied her interest. Id sooner expect her to organize a wake or something.
Alma gasped. What? No! She isnt in mourning over us getting married, and she doesnt dislike you. You know, I think she feels the same way about you that you feel about her.
And what is that? he asked. How do I feel about her?
You dont know how to take her. You havent had to deal with anyone like her before. You dont know whether to like her or hate her. As a matter of fact, Alma pointed her finger at him. If you and Allegra decide to hate each other, its because youre so much alike.
What? Jude exclaimed. We are not alike! Im nothing like her.
Sure, you are, Alma maintained. You like the same things, you react to things the same way, you find the same things interesting. You even walk and talk the same way.
Youre makin that up, Jude declared. Im nothing like her.
You see what I mean? Alma pointed at him again. You dont want to admit youre anything like her. Thats why you would dislike her, and she feels the same way about you. I think if you both made up your minds to like each other, you could be good friends.
I couldnt be friends with a woman who dresses like a man, Jude growled.
But you could marry one? Alma shot back.
Jude grumbled something inarticulate, but they cut their conversation short when Amelia got up and came across the room. At the same time, Alma put the plate of tortillas on the table, and they got through their breakfast without any confrontation between the menfolk.
Allegra didnt come back for breakfast, and they didnt find her in the barn, either.
Should we wait for her? Jude asked as they got their horses saddled.
No, Alma told him. Shell be out on the range already, picking out which steer to cut. Shes probably waiting for you to show up to help her.
Why doesnt she get one of you to help her cut it? Jude asked. Why the sudden interest in me?
She probably just got the idea that this is something you two could do together, Alma told him. If you want to know the truth, I think she wanted you to go shooting with her yesterday. Shes trying to find a way to be friends with you by coming up with ways for you to do things togetherthings that interest both of you.
Cutting and butchering steers doesnt particularly interest me, Jude replied. If it has to be done, Ill do it. But its not something I do for fun.
Alma chuckled. Living out here so far away from everything and everyone else, just about anything that breaks the daily routine gets to be fun. Just think about it. Allegra wants to do things with you so you two will be friends. She hasnt had many friends in her life. Just give her a chance. I think you might like each other if you try.
Ill think about it, Jude muttered.
They saddled their horses and led them out of the barn into the crisp morning. The cool of night had already passed, and the warmth of the day settled over the landscape. Amelia rode out first, with Jude and Alma riding side by side a little way behind her.
If you want me to, Alma offered. I can explain to Allegra that you arent holding back from doing things with her to slight her. I can explain to her that youre still trying to settle in here, and that you might be more interested in doing things with her later on, after you two get to know each other better.
Dont tell her anything! Jude shot back. I dont want to get to know her, and I dont want to do things with her, and I dont want to be friends with her.
Alma regarded him without answering for a moment. Alright. I wont say anything to her about it. But I think you ought to help her cut the steer. Shed be very offended if you didnt. You might not want to be friends with her, but you dont want to make an enemy of her, either.
Yeah, I was planning on helping her, Jude told her. I wouldnt let her do it alone. Thats a job for several people at the best of times.
Shell be happy for your help, Alma replied.
They mounted the crest of the hill and pulled their horses up next to Amelia. There she is. Amelia pointed down into the plain. A tiny black dot trotted around the periphery of the herd, driving some of the stock toward the hill and others away from it.
It looks like she has her eye on something, Alma remarked.
Whats she after? Jude asked.
It looks like shes going after that brown and white speckled steer there under the trees, Amelia replied. Hes a mean one, but hes good and fat. Hell make a good roast.
Jude chuckled to himself. Lets go. Lets go cut him out.
Just wait a minute, Amelia told him. Wait until Allegra brings him a little closer. Shell signal us when shes ready.
Once she brings him closer to the hill, Alma added. Well cut him from the herd and rope him. Then well walk him back to the house and tie him up. Well leave him there and come back here to take the rest of the herd down to the river.
Why dont you butcher him here? Jude asked. Why do you have to take him all the way back to the house?
All the gear is there, Amelia explained. It just saves us hauling all the meat back home when the butcherings done. And theres a water supply there for cleaning up. Theres no water here except down at the river. Wherever we butcher him, wed have to haul the water there. Its easier to do it at the house where the waters already nearby, and all our knives and buckets and salt barrel are there.
I guess that makes sense, Jude replied. You people have done this more often than I have, so well do it your way.
Almas eyes widened. You must have cut out cattle and butchered them before. Dont tell me you havent.
Of course I have, Jude replied. But I havent done it here. You know better than I do what works, where the water is, and whats the easiest way to do everything. Im happy with that.
Alma flashed him a glorious smile.
Amelia shifted in her saddle and turned back to watch Allegra driving their steer toward them. She moved at an easy pace, carefully moving the other cattle away from him and steadily moving him in the direction she wanted him to go without alarming him or the rest of the animals.
Jude and Alma watched her work. Shes really good, isnt she? Jude remarked. This is the first time Ive had a chance to watch her. Shes top notch. She could work on any of the big ranches if she wanted to. But I guess she wouldnt want to.
What makes you say that? Alma asked.
Jude made a face. Well, for one thing, shes a woman. They probably wouldnt hire her, and even if they did, she would have to put up with some pretty rough treatment from the other cowboys. Thats the way it usually is with anyone whos different. They make it as hard as they can for the new manI mean, the new personuntil they get to know them.
Alma and Amelia listened to him in silence. Allegras whistle pierced the still air from the distance.
And then, Jude continued. There are cowboys who just flat wouldnt ride with her. They wouldnt even talk to her, and they would refuse to ride at all until the boss got rid of her. The end. They wouldnt work with her for a million dollars. Thats the way some a the old fellers are. Its a shame, too, because anyone can see from the way shes workin that steer that shes blame goodalmost like she was born to it. You dont see a cattle puncher like that every day of the week.

  Chapter 28  


Alma looked back from Judes face to her sister, weaving in and out of the cattle and always pointing her steer toward the base of the hill. Her heart laughed and cried and sang and danced all at once in her chest.
Here was her new husband, the man who so recently snubbed Allegra for her appearance, speaking so highly of her. He might not be friends with her, but he couldnt help but notice her skill and her value to the ranch.
Poor Allegra! Would she ever find happiness? Would she ever overcome her pain to find love? Or would she flounder in agony and unfulfilled dreams for the rest of her life? Would she grow old on the Goodkind ranch, driving cattle down to the river and back, without love, without companionship, and without any hope for anything different?
In the end, Alma lifted her face in silent thanks to heaven that shed gotten herself married. As much as she loved Allegra, she dreaded living the way her younger sister did. Alma shuddered to think of herself growing old in her fathers house with nothing to look forward to but one day after another just like the one she just finished.
She stole a sidelong glance at Amelia. Did she think about these things? Did she cherish any secret dreams for her future? Did she long for the love of a man in the silent darkness of their house after her father and her sisters went to sleep?
Just then, an exceptionally shrill whistle along with a shout echoed up from the bottom of the hill. Alma snapped out of her reverie to see Allegra waving her hat over her head and calling up to them. They couldnt make out her words at that distance.
But Amelia understood. Thats it. Thats the signal. Lets go. She spurred her horse forward and charged down the hill.
Jude stretched out his legs to follow her, but Alma caught him by the sleeve. This way. Allegras coming from behind, and Amelias going to the right. Come with me to the left, and well drive him into the box.
The box? Jude asked. Whats that?
There. Alma pointed down to the bottom of the hill, to a large rock near the gulley leading toward the river. Thats what we call the box.
What is it? Jude asked.
Its a false canyon, Alma replied. It looks like a canyon or a gulley running down to the river, and the cattle go into it thinking they can get away from us. Then it closes off, and they get trapped. Thats the way we cut cattle from the herd. They fall for it every time.
Jude grinned. Sneaky. You and your sisters really have thought of everything, havent you?
Alma laughed. When youve worked a ranch as long as we have, you get to know all the little secret ways that make it work.
I know that, Jude replied. I guess I should have listened to you from the beginning. I was stupid to think I could just waltz in and start telling you how to do things. I guess I just thought a bunch of women couldnt possibly know how to run a cattle ranch. I didnt know you would all be as good as you are. I should have listened to you. I wont make that mistake again.
Alma laughed again, but tears welled up in her eyes. Forget about it. You didnt know, and it was a natural reaction to being in a new place with new people. None of us will hold it against you. Now, come on. Theyll be counting on us to cut off his last avenue of escape. Alma spurred her horse, and they rocketed away together down the hill.
Halfway down, Alma veered off the trail and broke through the scrubby bushes. Jude followed right on her heels, matching her move for move. Near the bottom of the hill, Alma burst back through the line of cover into the open, just in time to head off the steer.
The big animal wheeled away when he saw the two riders heading toward him. He jumped first to his left, only to find Allegra behind him. Then he tried to retreat the way he came, but found the way blocked by Amelia. He lowered his head as though hed like to charge, but at the last moment, he changed his mind and ran to his right, straight into the chute the sisters intended him to enter.
As soon as his tail disappeared into the box, the three sisters kicked their horses forward to close the steer into his natural pen. Jude and Alma went in first. Then came Amelia, with Allegra bringing up the rear, smiling happily at them.
Once inside the canyon, they slowed to a trot, letting the steer box himself in at the end of it. They didnt see him beyond the twists and turns between the steep walls of the canyon, but pretty soon, the walls opened out into a natural enclosure.
There stood the steer, neatly boxed in on all sides. He loped around the enclosed space, tossing his head and snorting at the four riders lining up across the only available line of escape. Jude, Alma, and her sisters stopped with the horses shoulder to shoulder across the canyon as the steer sized them up and evaluated his options.
In the end, he stopped in the middle of the enclosure, rolling his eyes in defiance and bellowing.
You take him, Jude, Allegra said.
No way! Jude shot back. I wouldnt dream of taking him, not after all your hard work getting him in here. Hes yours.
Lets do it together, Allegra suggested. That way, well be sure to get him without too much fuss.
All right, Jude agreed. You take the right and Ill take the left. We cant miss him when hes standing still like that.
Jude and Allegra each untied the lariats from their saddles and uncoiled their long loops of rope. First Allegra, then Jude, began slowly swinging the wide circles of rope above their heads. The lassoes sailed through the air almost of their own accord.
With one swift flick of her wrist, Allegra sent her lasso flying toward the steer. He tossed his head and leapt to one side, but too late. The great circle of rope fell around his horns, and when he jumped sideways, Allegra pulled the rope tight. When the steer tossed his head, he jerked the noose tight and found himself caught fast.
Then Jude let his lasso go. This time, when the ring fell over the steers head and he jerked away, Allegra backed her horse up a few steps. Her rope pulled taut, holding the steer motionless as Judes noose fell into place around the animals horns. Jude pulled back on his own reins to back up his horse. His own rope jerked tight, and the steer could move no further. Jude and Allegra tied their ropes around their saddle horns, and their horses stood still.
Alma laughed out loud at their triumph, and Amelia let out a loud whoop. Allegra tossed her head back with an elated smile up to the sky. But the noise of Amelias shout startled the steer. He tugged on the ropes one last time. The strength of that desperate tug caught Judes horse by surprise, and he lost his footing in the powdery soil of the canyon floor.
Sensing some weakness among his captors, the steer tossed his head again and succeeded in pulling Judes horse even further off balance. A terrible tug-of-war followed between the steer and the horse. With every success by the steer, the horse became more frightened and unsteady, no matter how Jude held back on the reins or tried to calm him with his voice.
At last, with one final effort, the steer reared onto his back legs and the horse toppled. Jude called out one alarmed, Whoa! but the horse didnt hear him. The animal let out a terrified scream as it tried to rear back in response.
Alma watched the scene unfold with excruciating slowness. Jude glanced wildly from one side to the other as his horse teetered and fell with the rope still tying him to the steers horns. Jude must have seen the outcome approaching in slow motion, as well. At the last possible moment, he jumped free from his saddle. He landed on his side and rolled on the ground in a cloud of dust.
The horse, on the other hand, crumpled with his legs underneath him. When he hit the ground, he let out another ear-splitting shriek that sent shivers up Almas spine. The horse thrashed helplessly, tangling himself up in the rope still hooked around the steers horns. With every kick of his legs, he only succeeded in tying himself up more firmly than before.
The steer pressed his advantage by yanking the rope tighter on his end. The horse screamed until it was utterly exhausted. Only after he lay still with his tongue lolling out of the side of his mouth did the dust settle enough for Alma to see that his hind leg was broken.

  Chapter 29  


Well, thats the end of that horse, Jude remarked. I hate to see him go, cuz hes a good horse and he knows his business. But that leg is ruined. I can see it sticking out from here.
What do you want to do? Alma asked.
Theres nothing to do, Jude replied. Ill have to put him down.
Well tie up the steer, Allegra put in. We can leave him in here until were ready to take him back to the house. Then we can take the rest of the herd down to the river for their morning drink. We shouldnt leave that too late. Theyre used to watering before it gets too hot.
We cant leave the steer in here, Jude pointed out. Theres nowhere to tie him, and I wont be much good to you herding the cattle without a horse. Ill take the steer back to the house.
How are you going to take him? Amelia asked. Are you going to walk the whole way? That could take all day. Wed meet you on the way when we came home this evening.
Ill walk it, Jude replied. You three need to take the cattle to the river. Theres no two ways about that, and I dont have a horse. Theres also nowhere else to tie up the steer out on the range without him standing out in the sun all day. He has to go back to the house now, and Im the only one who can take him. Now stop arguing, and get out there to your herd.
The three sisters looked at each other.
Hes right, you know, Allegra told them. I hate to admit it, but hes right.
You hate to admit it? Jude laughed.
Okay. I dont hate to admit it. But youre right. Well do it your way. Allegra turned to Alma. Lets go.
What are you going to do about your horse? Alma asked.
Ill take care of him, Jude replied. Hes mine. I owe him that much. Ill take care of him and then Ill walk the steer back to the house.
Are you sure you can handle him on your own? she asked. He might try something on you.
I dont think so, Jude replied. Ive seen big brutes like this before. When theyre facing a horse and rider, theyre demons. When theyre facing a man on foot, they turn into pussycats. Hell follow me.
You call out to us if you need help, Alma told him. Well hear you and come lend you a hand.
Ill be fine, Jude assured them. Now stop stalling and get out there. Your herd comes first. I can handle myself in here. Ill see you back at the house or somewhere in between later in the day. Now go!
The three sisters glanced at each other one last time. Then Amelia and Allegra turned their horses around and galloped out of the canyon to their waiting cattle.
Alma hesitated. I dont like leaving you alone like this. You could get hurt and there would be no one to help you. That steer could turn vicious and trample you to death.
Well, then, Jude replied. I reckon you could get yourself another mail-order husband.
I dont want another one, Alma shot back. I want you.
Jude raised his eyes from his stricken horse and smiled at her. Dont worry about me. Ill be okay. Now get out of here. Youre a cattle puncher, and you have a job to do. I have a job to do, too, so leave me to it. Ill call you if I need help.
Alma fixed him with her eyes one more time, and then she tugged on her reins to turn her horse back toward the plain. She called out to her horse and cantered after her sisters.
At the entrance of the canyon, she saw her sisters fanning out across the plain, driving the cattle toward the gulley leading to the river. She fell into her usual place, racing alongside the lumbering cattle and waving her hat over her head to keep them moving.
The thunder of a thousand hooves reverberated off the hills and heights around the range land, and the herd shot into the gulley. Alma reined in her horse, letting the cattle stream past her. One beast followed the one in front of it, and the last swishing tails vanished into the gulley. Amelia and Allegra pulled up next to her.
In the sudden silence, a gun shot rang out across the landscape. Alma spun around in her saddle, although there was nothing to see. But the next minute, a small figure emerged from the canyon, leading a steer on a rope.
Allegra laughed. I guess he knows his business. That steer is following him like a puppy.
We should have known to trust him, Amelia remarked. We shouldnt have doubted him.
Come on up to the top of the hill, you girls, Alma told them. You stay up there and guard the cattle. Im going to walk back with him.
You just cant leave him alone, can you? Allegra teased.
Alma didnt take the bait. If you had a husband, you would know how it is. Im worried about him taking that steer all the way home by himself. The steer might be a puppy dog now, but all he has to do is try to get away, and he could crush Jude like a bug. You both know this yourselves.
All right, Amelia agreed. We dont need you here. We can guard the herd ourselves.
Just be careful, Allegra added. I dont know about you, but those things Papa told us about Jude have got me thinking.
Dont tell me you believe Papas accusations, Alma shot back. You know Papas not in his right mind half the time. He got that idea about Jude from somewhere, but theres no basis for it. You know how Papa is.
You have to admit, Alma, Amelia put in. Papa wouldnt go after Jude like this if he doesnt have some reason to believe it. He wont tell us what it is, but he must have his reasons.
He could have imagined the whole thing, for all we know, Alma reminded them. Jude told me himself he was too young to be in the war. He wasnt even born when Papa fought the Battle of Little Crooked Ridge. All Jude has to do is tell Papa that, and we can put this whole misunderstanding behind us.
Then why doesnt he tell him? Amelia asked. Does he have some reason to keep it to himself?
Almas eyes flew open. I cant believe Im hearing this! I thought you two were starting to come around to liking Jude. Now youre backing up Papa.
It isnt anything to do with liking Jude, Allegra replied. I could like him til the cows come home. But you have to admit that Papa is right. We have only Judes word for where he comes from and what hes done. He could have made up any old thing to put in his letters to you.
I dont believe this! Alma cried. And here I was telling Jude he could count on you two for support. I should have known you would stand with Papa against us.
We arent standing with anyone against anyone, Amelia told her. Were just pointing out that Papa has a point. You have to admit that.
I dont have to admit anything, Alma fumed. And Im not going to stand here listening to any more of this! Im going to help my husband bring in the steer that you wanted, Allegra. Hes doing this for you. Just remember that when you start throwing accusations around.
Both Amelia and Allegra opened their mouths to respond, but Alma didnt wait to listen. She hauled her horses head around and tore away from them at top speed.

  Chapter 30  


Alma caught up with Jude in a dry gulley not more than a couple hundred yards from the opening of the box canyon. The steer started in surprise when he heard the sound of her horses hooves approaching, and he almost jerked the lead rope out of Judes hand.
Alma saw the steer rolling his eyes and pulling back, and she stopped her horse a little distance away. She dismounted and walked up to Jude, leading her horse by the reins.
What are you doing here? Jude asked.
I decided to come with you, she told him. I thought you might need a little help bringing him in.
I dont need any help, Jude shot back. I told you that.
You might not need help, Alma admitted, but I didnt want you bringing him in by yourself, just in case he tried any funny stuff.
Jude grinned. Alright. Just come along for the walk, then. It beats walking all the way back by myself, anyway.
Alma fell in next to him, and the steer settled into a steady pace. You sure were right about him following you when youre on foot. Hes always been a vicious brute, but I guess thats because weve always been on horseback.
You see? Jude replied. You might have a thing or two to learn from me after all.
Youre right, Alma returned. Allegra just said a few minutes ago that we shouldnt have doubted you. We should have trusted you. Well know better next time.
I guess we were all wrong about each other, Jude agreed. Lets make a pledge to give each other the benefit of the doubt from now on. Well all know that each of us has something unique and important to bring to the running of this ranch. We should respect that.
Alma beamed. Alright. Its a deal. Well talk it over with the others when they come in tonight. I think theyll be happy about it, too.
Jude stopped and regarded Alma. Now if we could only get your father to agree, wed be set.
You know, Alma replied. I think we should take the same position with him.
What? Jude gasped. You dont mean give him the benefit of the doubt, too, do you? We cant do that!
Why not? Alma asked. Hes not completely out of his mind, you know. He has some very good points and opinions about a lot of things. We could do a lot worse than to take his advice on things.
Do you mean, Jude growled. That you should have taken his advice about me? Are you going over to his side now, and wishing you could undo our marriage?
Its not like that, Alma replied. You dont have to get all worked up about it. Im just saying that giving him the benefit of the doubt and listening to him every now and then wouldnt hurt us at all. In fact, it could only help us to build a stronger relationship with him.
I wont give him the benefit of the doubt, Jude snapped. If I did, Id be admitting hes right about me, that I killed all those people, and that I misled you about who I am and everything else.
You dont have to admit anything, just to give him the benefit of the doubt, Alma insisted. You could just show him you respect him enough to explain yourself to him. Hes not completely off his rocker. Hes right about some things.
Like what? Jude asked.
Like the fact that we have nothing but your word on who you are, Alma told him. Amelia and Allegra just said exactly the same thing, and theyre right.
Oh, thats just great! Jude burst out. Now youre repeating what they said, and youre taking your fathers side against me. Thats just terrific!
Im not taking anyones side. Alma stopped in her tracks. Were doing it again. Were arguing about the same thing all over again. We should just put it aside and let it play itself out. We shouldnt give it the time of day.
Jude stopped, too. Youre right. He circled her waist with his arm and pulled her against him. Whatever happens, lets not let anything that anyone else does come between us. Lets stick together, through thick and thin.
Alma smiled. For better or for worse?
Thats right. Jude kissed her, and their walk back to the house took longer than expected.
Toward the end of the day, Jude and Alma reached the top of the rise overlooking the house. The slanting sun lit up the adobe walls and the surrounding countryside, casting everything into a golden red against the pink and green of the evening sky.
They slowed their pace even more. Its too late to butcher the steer tonight, Alma remarked.
What will we do with him? Jude asked.
Well stable him in the barn overnight, Alma told him. Then we can butcher him tomorrow.
Who will butcher him? Jude asked. At least three of us will have to get out to the pasture to water the cattle.
And that leaves one to stay behind, Alma pointed out. Either you or Allegra will do it. Or else we can go out and water the cattle and then two can stay to guard them while the other two come back here.
That could work, too, I guess, Jude agreed.
When the girls get back tonight, well talk about it, Alma decided. Well figure out what everyone wants to do.
Alright, Jude replied.
At that moment, Amelia and Allegra cantered over the hill and streaked past them. The steer only just saw them and lifted his eyes to snort at them before they were gone. Alma laughed.
She and Jude walked the rest of the way down the hill, and they met the sisters in the barn. You were sure right about that steer, Allegra told Jude. He followed you like a little tame lamb.
Alma says we should stable him in here for the night, Jude replied. Well butcher him in the morning.
Thats all right with me, Allegra agreed. I dont fancy the idea of missin supper just to butcher him now. Well give him some grain, and hell be happy until morning.
They slid the barn door closed and headed to the house. But they hadnt gotten halfway across the yard when Clarence came out of the house, and in his hands he held a double barreled shotgun.
Where is he? he bellowed. Where is the rotten weasel? Ill blow him to kingdom come! He waved his shotgun around, crisscrossing the yard with the barrel.
The thought crossed Almas mind that he couldnt see well enough to do any damage. But at the same moment, her father leveled the gun straight at Jude and fired.
Alma screamed and jumped a foot into the air. The shot flew wide, giving Jude time to retreat back toward the barn. Allegra started at the deafening noise. Papa! she cried. What are you doing?
Ill kill him! the old man raved. Ill make up for all those poor Confederate boys who were gunned down in their long underwear without so much as a sharp stick to defend themselves. Ill settle the score with him if its the last thing I do.
He raised his gun just long enough to break it open and slide two fresh shells into the chambers. Then he took aim and fired again. Jude ducked behind the rain barrel.
In her shock, Alma noticed his milky white eyes locking with keen precision on Jude, taking careful aim through the guns sights. There was nothing wrong with his eyesight. Why had she fooled herself all these years into thinking he couldnt see very well? What else could he do that they didnt know about, or wouldnt admit to themselves?
He sure was handling that gun well. He looked forty years younger with the shotgun at his shoulder, facing his imagined enemy at long last.
But Alma didnt have time to think about it. Clarence loaded his gun again and stalked toward the rain barrel. Almas mind refused to function. As a voice in her head screamed, Run! Run for your life!, her body obeyed a different directive. She found her legs running, but not away, not to find a hiding place to wait out this crisis.
She ran toward Jude. She ran toward the source of her new-found joy and fulfillment. She reached the rain barrel at the same time her father did. He brought his shotgun up to his shoulder at the same moment Alma threw herself in front of Jude.
Stop! she cried. Dont shoot! If you shoot him, youll have to shoot me, too. Is that what you want?
She fastened her eyes on those milky white orbs, but she no longer recognized the man they belonged to. His hair stuck out from his head in a halo of insanity, and his lips curled back from his rotten old teeth. He wouldnt have surprised her by shooting both of them in his single-minded obsession with the past.
Somewhere in the reaches of his mind, he recognized her and hesitated. The hint of familiarity and affection crept into his wild expression. His finger moved off the trigger, and his eyes misted over with tears.
Youre not choosing him over me, are you, Alma? Clarence whispered. Say it isnt so.
Im not choosing anyone over anyone else, Alma exclaimed. Youre making a mistake. Hes not the killer you think he is. Theres another explanation for all this. Just listen, and we can explain it all to you. If you kill him, youre no better than those people you want to fight against.
The old man hesitated again. Dont explain anything. I dont want to hear it.
You have to hear it, Alma insisted. Jude isnt old enough to have fought in the war. He wasnt even born when you fought the Battle of Little Crooked Ridge.
Rather than calming him down and ending the stand-off, Clarences face twisted up into a hideous mask of fury. Is that what he told you? Is that the explanation you think is going to smooth everything over between me and him? Hes duped you, but he wont dupe me.
Clarence pointed his shotgun at the couple behind the rain barrel one last time. But this time, Jude launched himself out of his hiding place so fast, he knocked Alma to the ground.
He hurtled forward with his arms flailing and sent the shotgun skittering out of the old mans hands. It landed in the dust some distance away. Jude didnt stop, but attacked Clarence with all the hostility the old man showed toward him just a few moments before.
His arms whirled around him like a windmill, striking and punching and smacking. The first few blows landed with gut-wrenching thuds. Alma covered her ears and screamed as loud as she could to block out the sound of those blows.
Judes fists landed again and again on Clarences face and body, and the old man winced and whimpered with each one. He staggered backward and fell to the ground.
Jude gritted his teeth and growled. He planted his legs wide apart above the old man and drew back his fists to finish off his opponent.
Alma saw the outcome of the fight approaching and she jumped to her feet. This time, she threw her body across her father and lifted her arm to take the blows Jude intended to rain down on him.
Stop, Jude! she cried. Stop now! Hes beaten. He cant do any more harm. Just leave him alone.
She didnt expect her words to penetrate his rage, but he stopped and stared at her, panting and wheezing through his clenched teeth. She held up her hand in front of his face until he calmed enough to drop his fists and stand up straight.
Alma stayed where she was, protecting her fallen father from her husbands fury. At last, the light of recognition entered his eyes, too. He held out his hand and she grasped it for dear life.
Jude pulled her to her feet and crushed her against his body in a bear hug. I thought I was a goner there.
Are you all right now? she whispered into his ear.
He nodded with his face pressed into the side of her neck. Im just glad youre okay. He could have killed us both.
A wretched sob drew their attention to the huddled mass on the ground behind them. Clarence sat with dust in his disheveled hair. The tears streaming down his cheeks made little rivulets in the dust clogging the wrinkles in his skin. Hes a killer, I tell you. Hell turn against you in the end. You mark my words.
Alma turned on him. What makes you say that, Papa? What makes you think hes a killer, when he wasnt even born when the war was fought?
Look. Clarence sniffed his tears away and pointed a gnarled finger toward Jude. If you look, youll see it.
What? Alma asked. Ill see what?
The mark, he hissed. The mark of the Forty-sixth Infantry. There it is! I told you he was there, and he has the proof right there in plain view.
Alma followed his finger toward Jude. I dont see anything.
Amelia and Allegra broke out of their trance across the yard and came closer. All three sisters inspected Jude, looking for the sign their father pointed to. Do you see anything? Alma asked them. They shook their heads.
There it is! Spittle foamed at the corners of Clarences mouth. Cant you see it? Its right there on the grips of his pistols!
Jude looked down at his gun belt, and the three sisters looked with him. He pulled one of his pistols out of its holster and turned it around so he could examine the grip. Well, Ill be! And I never even knew it was there!
Jude held out the gun to Alma, butt first, and she took it. She brought it right up to her face and looked. Some artisan scratched a crude skull and crossbones in the bone handle.
Now do you see? Clarence shouted in triumph. Thats the mark of the Forty-sixth. They all had that mark on their guns when they killed our men. Ill never forget that mark as long as I live. He was there. He massacred our men in cold blood, as sure as Im sitting here.
Jude stared at him with wide eyes. My father gave me these guns when I first left home. He told me he had them when he fought in the war. I always assumed he fought for the Confederacy, but he never actually mentioned which Army he fought with. I was happy enough to get the guns. I never asked where they came from.
The three sisters looked down at their father. His head drooped until his chin hit his chest, and he broke down in sobs.
I didnt know my father was a Yankee, Jude went on. I didnt know anything about that massacre, and I certainly wasnt there. Im only twenty-five, you know. My parents didnt even meet until the war ended.
The old man didnt answer. He only sobbed, his shoulders convulsing and his tears falling into the dust between his legs.
Alma handed the pistol back to Jude, who put it in its holster. Come on inside, all of you. Were all hungry and tired, and we need to get supper on before it gets any later. Tomorrows another work day.
Jude nodded toward the old man. What will we do about him?
Nothing, Alma told him. Just leave him there. Hell come in later when hes had a chance to calm down.
She went to the door and opened it. She stood back as her sisters entered the house. Jude came toward her, but he stopped and glanced back toward the wreck of the man in the yard. I dont like leaving him out here. We ought to bring him inside. We ought to clean him up and feed him and put him to bed.
Alma smiled at him. Thank you for thinking of him, but hell come on his own. Its bad enough seeing your whole carefully constructed world come crashing down around your ears. Dont make it worse by being nice to him.
Hes a human being, Jude replied. You can see just from looking at him that he used to be a fine specimen of a man. He deserves better than this.
Come inside, Alma told him. Let him sit alone with his grief for a while. Thats what he wants.
Jude stooped under the door frame into the dark house. Amelia lit the lamp and set it on the table as Alma closed the door.
Allegra prepared supper for them. She set it on the table, and Jude and the three women sat down to eat it, but Clarence still didnt come in.
We ought to save him some food for later, Jude remarked. Hell be hungry.
I dont think so, Amelia told him. He wont want to eat. Hell go to sleep, or he might sit up in his chair all night. Just carry on and let him work it out for himself. Thats our way.
I dont like it, Jude muttered.
You should be angry with him, Alma pointed out. You should want to drive him out of house and home for pulling a gun on you and trying to kill you.
Maybe I should be, Jude replied. But I just cant be mad at him. Its like you kept telling me. He had a reason to hate me, and he had plenty of reason to think I was at that battle. He was wrong, but he had a good reason to think so. I should have gone out of my way to find out what was eating him. I should have given him the benefit of the doubt.
A thoughtful silence fell over the table, broken only by chewing. A slight sound outside the house brought their attention back.
Do you think hes okay out there? Jude asked.
Hes fine out there, Alma told him. Dont worry about him. You did the right thing by attacking him the way you did, and you did the right thing by stopping after youd beaten him. He knows that.
Jude sighed. I guess Ill have to take your word for it.
Im just glad the whole thing worked out in the end, Alma added. Im glad we got the matter cleared up. Now we can move on.
So this is what getting a mail-order husband does to a family, Allegra remarked.
Alma shook her head. If I had known it was going to work out this way, I probably would have changed my mind.
Do you really think its that bad? Amelia asked. Do you really think it wasnt worth it? I thought you were happy with your decision.
I am happy with it, Alma replied. I just didnt know it was going to cause so much trouble.
It hasnt been so much trouble, Amelia returned. I dont think its been much trouble at all, considering how it could have gone. Were all sitting here, having supper together very amicably. And I cant remember when Ive seen you so happy, Alma. Youre a different person since you got married.
Youre right, Alma admitted. Im a different person.
And are you happy? Amelia asked.
Almas smile lit up the table. Yes. Im happy. Im very happy. Ive never been happier in my life than right now.
Thats good, Amelia exclaimed. Because Ive decided Im going to get myself a mail-order husband, too.

The End

Coming soon.
Texas Brides: Book 2
Amelias Mail-Order Husband

In Book 2 of The Texas Brides Series, Amelia Goodkind marries Bruce Manfield from El Paso, Texas. When Amelia first brings Bruce home, Jude and Alma and Allegra laugh at him. Hes a big, gangly hulk of a man, but hes clumsy and ungainly in his movements, unlike delicate, careful Amelia. Jude especially sees Bruce as an easy target for his pointed sense of humor. The sisters cant figure out why Bruce doesnt stand up to his much smaller brother-in-law, when he could put Jude in his place with a flick of his wrist. No amount of encouragement from anyone can prod Bruce into asserting himself. He even seems to go out of his way to bow to Judes will. Even Alma finds Judes behavior toward Bruce disturbing.
But no one on the Goodkind ranch knows that Bruce is hiding an explosive secret, one which will transform the relationships of this family forever. The introduction of another man into the family brings fresh complications to the fragile peace established after Judes arrival. Competing loyalties and affections breed conflicts and misunderstandings, until everyone stands against everyone else. Only Amelias unwavering faith in her new husband carries them through to the ultimate climax. In his last battle, Bruce finds a strength he never knew he had in Amelias love.


Thank you for reading and supporting my book and I hope you enjoyed it.
Please will you do me a favor and review Almas Mail Order Husband so Ill know whether you liked it or not, it would be very much appreciated, thank you.

  Other Books by Kate Whitsby  


Violets Mail Order Husband
Mail Order Marion (Chapman Mail Order Brides: Book1)
Christmas Mail Order Bride
Mail Order Josephine
Mail Order Bride Romance Box Set
Western Mail Order Brides Box Set

  Connect with Kate Whitsby  


Favorite me on Smashwords: CLICK HERE
Sign up to my Mailing List CLICK HERE
