


Aperture on the East


A NOVEL
by
Meris Lee






Aperture on the East
Meris Lee
Copyright  2014 by Meris Lee
Smashwords Edition
Including Cover Photo and Text

All Rights Reserved
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author.
meris_lee@yahoo.com

ISBN: 978-1-311-33495-4

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.


Chapter 1
The roaring train shook violently in the night as it raced along the coast of the South China Sea, running the danger of disengaging from the age-old tracks that stringed countless rice fields, fishing villages, and bustling cities. An antiquated Soviet engine hauled this train, which on a daily basis moved passengers over a thousand miles between the two poles of this linear country. Every now and then, when the train would grind to a stop with a piercing squeal, a weary traveler would walk down the corridor to use the water fountain, plastic sandals slapping against the wooden floor, and then return to his cabin, banging the steel door shut. This was when Ana would suddenly awake from her very short slumber of uneasy dreams, muttering a sigh that sounded almost like profanity.
She lay on her side with her arm under the square pillow, examining the cabin in the dim light again. There were two sets of bunk beds in this small compartment. Each bed, with its thin mattress, could fit exactly one person. Her children, eleven-year-old Ivan and sixteen-year-old Zoe, occupied the two top bunks. Ana worried that they might roll and fall to their deaths, and so she got up one more time to make sure that neither was lying too close to the edge of the bed.
When she lay down again, she pulled the fleece blanket over her shoulder, shivering in the heavily air-conditioned cabin. The sweat lingering on her skin from sweltering Saigon made it worse. She had spent the day before visiting the Saigon Zoo with her children, and then sat waiting at the hot and suffocating railroad station for an hour before they all boarded the train. The chill was welcoming at first, but it soon became intolerable.
Ana was envious of her children who seemed to be sleeping soundly. Ivan even laughed out loud once, perhaps dreaming about the funny scenes of the water puppet performance they saw just two days ago. Ana tried to stay up and keep a vigil because she couldnt stop imagining a number of tragic events that could happen on this train. However, when the train started moving again, the rocking motion of the old machine combined with her fatigue commanded her to doze off once again without much contest.
Good morning. We will arrive in Nha Trang in twenty minutes. Please make sure that you have all your belongings. The announcement was broadcast in both Vietnamese and English, via a deafening loudspeaker over the cabin door. Ana opened her eyes slightly, and was assaulted by the blinding fluorescent lights that had come on all of a sudden. The train showed no signs of slowing down.
Were here! Were here! Ivan hopped down from his bunk, took a wet wipe from his backpack and started to clean up for the morning.
Ma, Zoe, we are here! Ivan gave Ana a tight hug, and then rocked her with both hands. Hurry, Ma. We need to get off the train. He was already dressed, hair combed, shoes on, backpack tidied and ready to go.
Ana rubbed her eyes and yawned. Why had she decided to take the sleeper train, which had provided very little sleep, if any at all? She sat up to organize for the day. She put her hair up in a ponytail, and applied concealer to cover the tattoos on her forearms. She smoothed out the wrinkles on her tunic and capris with a spray, and slipped into a pair of walking shoes. A large portfolio of photographs that she had taken and printed in Saigon sat at the foot of her bunk, next to which a suitcase stood. 
Did you know that Nha Trang meant the River of Reed in the Cham language? Ivan said. He was scanning a guidebook. 
Ana smiled and said, No, I didnt.
Its just north of the city. Its called the River Cai now, meaning the Mother River. Can we go and see it sometime today? The Cham temples on the other side are over a thousand years old. Can we, Ma? Ivan looked at Ana, hands folded together.
Of course, said Ana. 
The Mother River, how fitting? She had moved Ivan and Zoe to Nha Trang so that she could get another chance at being a mother, a caring and responsible one, the kind that she knew she should have always been, but never had. 
She checked the cabin to make sure that nothing would be left behind. She looked up at Zoe, who was still lying in her bed with the blanket over her head.
Zoe, please get up, said Ana. She reached to uncover Zoes head. 
Dont touch me! Zoe said as she sat up. Her black, pixie-styled hair with purple highlights was frizzy and her eyes were blood-shot. Ana backed away. She was thankful that Zoe had agreed to come to Nha Trang at all, and thought that she had better not irritate Zoe any further because Zoe might just disappear from her sight as soon as they got off the train. 
When the train rolled into the station in Nha Trang, Ana inspected Ivan, who was wearing a camouflage shirt and a pair of khakis with matching boots. He was carrying an oversized military backpack, and holding a skateboard in his arms. His soft brown hair was partially covering his eyes and he coped with it by constantly brushing it away with his hand; Ana made a mental note to ask around for a barbershop as soon as they settled down.
Ana shook her head when Zoe came down from her bunk. Zoe had on smoky eye shadow, a very dark shade of lipstick, and black nail polish. She had three small silver loops in each ear. A heart-shaped silver pendant, formed by two intertwining dragons with a ruby in the middle, dangled at her chest. She wore a short black corset dress with black ankle boots. A black wilted rose tattoo was visible on the back of her neck. She had a large red backpack with a silver dragon embroidered on the front. In her right hand she carried a black guitar case. The backpack and the guitar case were just about the only parts of Zoes attire that Ana approved of. 
It was still dark when they got off the train, just past five oclock in the morning, according to the timepiece Ana saw on the wall. They followed the other passengers, many of them obviously foreigners, to the exit of the station. Instantly, they were bombarded by a long line of waiting taxis. 
This taxi is available, said one of the drivers in Russian. Anas was surprised to hear her mother tongue spoken by an ordinary Vietnamese taxi driver. He was standing by a green and white sedan holding a rear passenger door open. Ana went toward him. Ivan followed and climbed into the backseat through the open door, but Zoe went for the front passenger seat instead. 
Ana frowned, and then got into the taxi herself. She started talking to the driver in Russian. The driver just shook his head. Ana realized that he couldnt say anything else in Russian beyond what she had just heard. She directed the driver to take them to the hotel by pointing to a dot on a map. 
When they arrived, a uniformed valet came to assist Anas family and unload their belongings. 
Welcome to Nha Trang, and thanks for choosing to stay with us, the valet said, also in Russian. He smiled and led them to the front desk to check in. 
The front desk clerk first greeted them in Russian, but then quickly switched to English. 
Novosibirsk, Russia, said the clerk, looking at Anas passport. I recognize the names of some Russian cities now, having looked at so many passports.
Yes, said Ana, thats where were from. Its landlocked, nowhere near the ocean.
You will enjoy your time here then, said the clerk.
After check-in Ana told Ivan and Zoe to remove their day bags, and left everything else with the hotel clerk because their room would not be ready until later that afternoon. They were given a city map and some recommendations for food and shopping.
We are going to the beach first! said Ivan. He looked at Ana with eyes widened, cheeks raised in a big smile, bouncing on the balls of his feet.
Would you like some help crossing the street? said the clerk.
I think we can manage, said Ana.
She soon found out that they could hardly manage at all to cross the four-lane Tran Phu Boulevard segregating the hotel from the beach. There was a pedestrian crosswalk, but there were no stop lights. Cars and motorcycles did not slow down unless some brave soul was already in the middle of the road. Ana looked left, then right, then left again, trying to find a gap in the stream of traffic. When that failed, she took a deep breath, held hands with Ivan, took a leap of faith and ran across the street. They cheered when they made it to the other side alive. Ana, still trying to catch her breath, turned around to look at Zoe, who followed suit a minute later. 
By this time the sun was hanging over the horizon as a red disk against a backdrop of orange skies and pink clouds. Ana looked around her. Between Tran Phu Boulevard and the sand there was a wide promenade with very tall palm trees. Many locals were walking or jogging, and others were using the exercise equipment installed on the promenade. There was a group of people practicing tai chi, and another group doing some kind of a folk dance with fans. Ana reached for her cell phone to take pictures, and saw that it was just past six oclock in the morning. She was amazed to find the beach so active so early in the day. When she finally stepped on the sand, she saw women with gray hair sitting in the water in their street clothes, chatting with one another. Men of the same age group, bare-chested, raced their peers in the open sea.
Ivan, with an ear-to-ear grin on his face, was running barefoot back and forth at the edge of water. Ana had never seen him as excited as he was right now. Thinking back, Ana realized that shed rarely seen Ivan smile at all. She said, Ivan, are you happy that we are here?
Before Ivan could answer, Zoe said, For now. Ask him again in a week.
Ana pretended that she didnt hear it. She was feeling exuberant herself, centered by the expansive ocean and the glorious sunrise beyond, her worries drowned out by the sound of the waves. She was certain that she could turn things around now. But when she observed the couples embracing and walking hand in hand on the beach, she reminisced about her honeymoon in the Black Sea resort town of Anapa, where she and Eduard had also taken such romantic strolls every morning. 
I wish Eduard were here, too, said Ivan.
Ana felt an ache in her chest, and with a sigh, she put the thought of Eduard out of her mind.
Chapter 2
Quan Bien Dong had become Anas favorite eatery within the first few weeks of her new life in Nha Trang. When she entered its courtyard through the tall wooden gates the first time, she was immediately taken with its architectural details. The courtyard was flanked on either side by corridors where women in peach-colored b ba shirts prepared street foods to order. The floral carvings of the wooden shutters on the walls of the corridors, along with the terracotta roof tiles, gave an ancient look to the restaurant. Ana loved sitting down at one of the tables in the elegant courtyard and perusing the menu of dishes with exotic ingredients, while the cool breeze from the sea gently stroked her face.
Presently, instead of being a paying customer, Ana was being interviewed for a waitress position by the owner of Quan Bien Dong, in its main kitchen located at the back of the establishment. Ana could feel the heat coming from the pots of boiling soup and frying oil on the stoves, and she tried very hard not to be distracted by the aroma of lemongrass and coriander. 
Anastasia Romanova, said Ana, when asked to repeat her name. But I go by Ana.
And you waitressed before? Mr. Tran, the owner, said in English with a moderately heavy Vietnamese accent.
Ive been waitressing all my life, Mr. Tran, said Ana. She regretted it as soon as she said it. A woman in her late thirties should have accomplished something other than waitressing, she thought.
Mr. Tran narrowed his eyes. You want a full-time job, but I am mostly hiring part-time college students.
Mr. Tran, Ive worked in restaurants that had a lot of tourists, and I know what theyre looking for as soon as they walk in the door. I can handle many tough situations, like if they dont like their food 
Mr. Tran raised an eyebrow, and Ana said, Which Im sure doesnt happen here at all because your food is excellent, and Ive eaten here so many times since I came to Nha Trang a month ago. 
Sensing that Mr. Tran was still doubtful, Ana said, And I can work whenever you need me because I dont go to school. I dont have other obligations. Besides Ivan and Zoe that was, but surely they could take care of themselves for a few hours in the evening. 
All right, said Mr. Tran, I can use one more Russian waitress anyway, with so many Russian tourists coming every day. I get lots of customers from Australia and America, too, and your English sounds okay. 
Mr. Tran gave Ana a brochure of his restaurant and said, Quan Bien Dong means East Sea Restaurant. East Sea is what we call the South China Sea in Vietnam, in case anyone wants to know. Mr. Tran then handed a menu to Ana. Take this home and study it. You can start tomorrow. Remember, it is a trial, and I can let you go any time.
Oh, thank you thank you so much Mr. Tran. I wont let you down, said Ana, almost in tears. She had been looking for a job for just about as long as she had been in Nha Trang, and she was running really low in cash. She had not much left in savings after paying for the expensive move from Russia. 
Mr. Tran went over some details regarding work hours, wages, and other policies, and Ana thanked him again before she exited the kitchen. She was so ecstatic that when she bounded out of the gates of the restaurant, she bumped into the shoulder of a woman walking in.
Oh, Im so sorry, said Ana, instinctively in Russian.
The petite woman smiled and said something to Ana. Ana could tell that it was Vietnamese but she didnt understand it. She shook her head and shrugged her shoulders at the woman.
She said, Im very sorry for running into you. I hope youre not hurt, said a man in English. He was standing next to the woman, arm in arm. 
Oh, no, I am sorry, said Ana, in English this time. I hope you are not hurt. I mean, I hope she is not hurt.
The man smiled at Ana, looking straight into her eyes. He was probably also Vietnamese, tall and athletic, with thick eyebrows and a square jaw. Ana looked away. 
Welcome, welcome. Is everything okay? said Mr. Tran. He approached Ana and the couple.
Yes it is, said another tall man, black, who appeared from behind the couple. Lets get inside. Im hungry. He glanced at Ana, and then tapped on the backs of the couple. The three of them went inside the restaurant.
Mr. Tran gave Ana a stern stare and said, I hope this is not going to happen again.
Ana apologized profusely and left the restaurant.
What was I doing? said Ana to herself. She waved down a motorcycle taxi, and showed the driver a map with directions to her apartment. She thought about the man who had interpreted for the woman that she bumped into. There was such fieriness in his eyes. 
Ana could hear the heated exchange of shouting in the staircase before she reached her fourth-floor apartment. The distinctive voice of Zoe was layered with a more nasal variety of the locals.
I already said Im sorry, but I need to practice, said Zoe, holding her electric guitar. Plus, your TV is always so loud. The whole city is noisy, so whats the big deal?
Meanwhile, their neighbor across the hall, a middle-aged Vietnamese woman with a round face, raged on with her angry monologue.
Ana stepped in front of Zoe and managed to say a few words in Vietnamese to apologize. She pushed Zoe into their apartment and shut the door. Zoe sat down on the long bench in the living room and promptly resumed playing her guitar. 
Ana stared at the guitar for a moment; the teardrop-shaped Vox Mark VI with a sunburst finish was the only legacy Zoes father left them. Ana took a deep breath, walked across the living room to Zoe, removed the guitars palm-sized, plug-and-play amplifier, and walked away.
What the hell? said Zoe. 
You need to respect the people around us. It is dinner time now and everyones home, so you need to be quiet, said Ana. She was consciously trying not to raise her voice.
Uh, Im so bored, said Zoe. She grabbed the remote control and flipped through the television channels.
Ivan, come and get your bnh m. Zoe, come, said Ana. She took three rolls of Vietnamese baguette sandwiches out of a plastic bag. She had bought them from a street vender after she got off the motorcycle taxi.
Ivan came out of his room with his Vietnamese phrasebook and said in his newly attained language, Thank you. I am hungry. I eat now. He took a seat at the small kitchen table and bit into a sandwich.
Well, good news, said Ana. I got a job. Bad news is I wont be home most nights. I will be working at Quan Bien Dong from four to ten in the evenings, six days a week. I get Mondays off.
What? What are we going to eat? said Ivan with his mouth full.
There are plenty of food vendors on the street just outside our apartment building. You can manage, said Ana, and sat down at the table to eat as well. 
Zoe continued to sit in the living room, her feet propped up at the coffee table.
Ana said, This also means that when you start school, youll have to do homework on your own. That goes for you, too, Zoe.
What school? I dont speak Vietnamese, said Zoe. 
Youll learn Vietnamese in school, said Ana. Besides, its a school for Russian children. Its about twenty minutes walk from here. We live here now, at least for this year, so we need to start doing things that people who live here normally do. This is not a permanent vacation.
The corners of Ivans mouth turned down. He stopped eating, and pushed his sandwich away.
Sensing that Ivan was apprehensive about his prospect at the new school, Ana said, Ivan, youll be okay. As long as you study hard youll get good grades like you always have.
Hes not worried about the grades, said Zoe. Hes worried about the bullies.
Shut up, Zoe, said Ivan.
Just make some below-average grades and dont be a know-it-all, and you should be okay, said Zoe. Bullies cant resist beating up nerds, so try not to be one. Oh, and try and lose some weight. Thatll help. 
I told you to shut up, you anorexic freak, said Ivan.
Ivan was breathing hard and fast, and Ana could feel his fists trembling across the table.
Thats enough, both of you, said Ana.
No one said a word for a moment. Ana wondered whether they would ever have a normal dinner where they could all sit around the table, share stories from the day, laugh through the whole meal, and just have a good time.
Everything will be fine, Ivan, said Ana. You will be staying at this school for at least a year, I promise you, and you will make friends. You wont be changing school every few months like before. I will do my best to keep the job and the apartment this time. No one knows us here, and we can all start over.
Thats right, said Zoe. No one here knows how screwed up we are. To the locals we are just like the rest of the weirdoes from Russia anyway. She grabbed her guitar and went to her room, slamming the door shut. 
Ivan pushed his chair back, stood up, and with slumped shoulders, walked back to his room as well.
Ana took a deep breath, and tried to figure out how the evening had ended this way. She pondered her errors; there had been many in her life. She had wanted so badly to make things right, but now she was unsure whether she had the will or the strength to do it. It wouldve been so much easier just to give up.
Chapter 3
Listen up. This is Ivan Romanov. Lets be nice and welcome him, said the Vietnamese teacher in Russian. She had Ivan stand in front of the class to greet everyone. She then turned to Ivan and said, I am Ms. Mimi Tran, but you call me Ms. Mimi. Too many Ms. Trans out there.
The students giggled as Ivan took a seat at the first row, which was the only available open seat in the room. The long wooden desks were made to accommodate two students each. Ivans neighbor was a tall, skinny boy with blond hair, wearing a very neat white button-down shirt and a pair of khakis. The book storage area underneath the desk was divided in the middle, and Ivan saw that his desk mate had stuffed it with notebooks and snacks. The chairs were also made of wood. Ivans chair was a little loose at the joints, and it wobbled a little as it received its new owner.
Everyone, open your textbook and turn to page fifty-six, said Ms. Mimi, this time in Vietnamese.
Ivan looked over his shoulder to see his neighbor take out a textbook with a blue cover. Ivan looked into his backpack and found the same textbook, but he didnt understand what he was supposed to do with it. 
His neighbor whispered to Ivan in their native tongue, Page fifty-six.
Ivan quickly complied.
The first class of the day, held by their homeroom teacher Ms. Mimi, was the Vietnamese language class. The textbook was completely in Vietnamese. Although Ivan had been learning a number of words and phrases from his phrasebook, he had trouble following Ms. Mimi.
Ivan, said Ms. Mimi in Russian now, dont worry. Well catch up after school.
Ivan didnt know what after school meant. He was told that classes ran until four oclock in the afternoon. Could there possibly be more schooling after that? It was just eight oclock in the morning, and it was shaping up to be a very long day already. 
Ms. Mimis class today was on simple phrases used during travel, helpful in situations such as those when one needed to locate a restroom. Vietnamese was a difficult language for Ivan to learn, but he found it rather beautiful in its various intonations and sounds. 
Ms. Mimi paused and said, Raise your hand if you know how to say I need one ticket for the nine oclock train to Saigon.
Only one hand went up. It was that of a girl with red curly hair that draped over her shoulders, the front of which decorated with white lace collars adorning the top of a knee-length plaid dress in blue and gray.
Yes, Sofia, said Ms. Mimi.
Sofia stood up and translated the phrase in Vietnamese, with no Russian accent.
Very good, said Ms. Mimi. Hopefully we will see other hands go up next time. So, homework is to do the worksheet at the end of this chapter. Tomorrow we will have a Vietnamese-speaking only teacher here to chat with each of you. Everyone will get five minutes with this teacher in front of the class. So practice very hard at home. You dont want to be embarrassed. Class dismissed.
The bell rang right on cue.
All the students rushed to get out of the classroom, but Sofia came to talk to Ivan. She held out a hand and said, I am Sofia, the class president. Its nice to meet you.
Ivan was stunned for a few seconds, as he was not expecting to be greeted by a girl as pretty as Sofia. He extended a tremulous hand and shook Sofias, but didnt say anything.
Sofia withdrew her hand and said, I just want you to know that recess lasts about fifteen minutes and you need to be back in your seat for the next class, which is math. I am sure you have looked at the schedule. She pointed her chin to the poster next to the chalkboard, which was being erased by two students shrouded in a mist of chalk dust. 
I glanced at it, said Ivan.
The boy sitting next to you is Misha. I see that he ran off before properly introducing himself to you. Anyway, some people are quite rude, said Sofia. There was an aristocratic tone in her voice.
Its fine. I am sure I will get to know him soon since we are going to be in this room all day it seems. Ivan shrugged his shoulders.
After math, we get a thirty-minute recess, but we have to gather and do aerobic exercise before we can play or eat snack. Then, its Russian language class, and after that the science class. Youll love it, said Sofia. Her eyes enlarged for a second.
Ivan thought it was funny that Sofia took it upon herself to inform him of the schedule. He had already looked at it the night before, and he had a copy in his notebook.
Then, we will have a thirty-minute lunch break, and another thirty-minute quiet time, during which you can nap, or read, or whatever. You just cant talk, or you will get points taken off, said Sofia. She looked serious.
What points? 
Every student earns points by doing something good or completing assigned tasks, like them. Sofia pointed to the two students who were now beating the erasers with a stick outside the window. And you lose points by breaking the rules, or getting a bad grade on a test.
Ivan nodded his head, even though he didnt know if he liked what he had just heard. 
At the end of the semester, whoever earns the most number of points will be awarded a trophy, and two tickets to the movie theater, with cash to buy snacks there too.
I guess you have won this award before, said Ivan. He scratched his head.
I am proud to say, yes, I have. I won it last semester, said Sofia. Anyway, after the quiet time, its English language class, and then social studies, and then arts and music last. As Ms. Mimi said, you would be staying after school to catch up on Vietnamese with Ms. Mimi. She does this for all new students, except for me. I already spoke Vietnamese pretty well when I started.
Where did you learn it? 
I was born and raised in Hanoi. My father is a businessman, and we lived there until about a year ago. Nha Trang is getting a lot of Russian tourists nowadays, so my father came down to expand his business.
And what is the business?
Sofia didnt answer.
Ivan was very curious. One did not come across a Russian girl born and raised in Vietnam every day. So, is it a secret?
Its not. He gathers information on people.
Like a spy? 
No, said Sofia. I have to go. I hope you brought a snack for after school. She turned toward the door.
Ivan watched Sofia walk out the classroom with regal strides, and wondered whether she had any friends because no one was waiting for her to go to recess together. Ivan got up from his desk to stretch his legs. He chuckled quietly as he thought about Sofia, and then he groaned with dismay when he realized that, due to the short notice, he did not bring a snack for after school.
Chapter 4
Zoe decided to cut classes on her first day of school. She parted with her brother at the door of their apartment building, and promptly walked to the seaside promenade. Her mother had been sleeping when she and Ivan left the apartment, so she was able to carry her guitar out without much fuss from her mother. She dropped out of school a long time ago, and hadnt planned on going back.
She first walked along the beach a little, and then settled on a bench away from where most of the crowd was. It was eight oclock in the morning, and the sunlight was warm and inviting. She never much cared for the beach, and didnt even like the color blue, but she had fallen in love with this particular shore since she first stepped on it. She was too proud to tell her mother about it, however. Since it was also the first day of school, she decided to commemorate it with her first guitar practice on the beach, to harmonize with the song of the ocean. She removed her guitar from its case, and attached the small amplifier directly onto it; her mother had given it back to her on the condition that she would attend school that day.
She tuned it a little, and strummed a few chords. Zoe closed her eyes, and played the melody of Eva by her favorite band, Nightwish. The crisp sound of the vibrating strings soon wrapped its tentacles around the salty air, flowing together with the quiet murmur of the South China Sea. 
Zoe sang softly. She kept her eyes closed because she didnt want to see the ugly glances she thought she was going to get from passersby. Five minutes in and still no one had told her to stop, so she became emboldened. She played and sang louder and louder as she got more and more entranced. She seconded Eva with the song Bye Bye Beautiful. Her fingers clutching the guitar pick moved faster and faster. 
Zoe did a few boisterous chords before she slapped the strings against the body of the guitar, and the reverberation came to a sudden stop. She opened her eyes.
To her surprise there was a small pack of both locals and foreigners standing around her. Some were giving a sort of a disapproving look with raised eyebrows, but most were smiling, and a few apparently were rocking and playing air guitar to the music. The latter stopped abruptly when the last twang of the guitar strings vanished, and then they cheered and clapped.
Zoe opened her mouth in disbelief. She stood up and gave a bow.
Play some more! someone said. 
Zoe shrugged her shoulders, smiled, and immediately started playing Trip the Darkness by Lacuna Coil. This time she didnt close her eyes. She saw the crowd nodding their heads and tapping their feet. There was another round of applause when she finished, and to her amazement, some threw money into her guitar case, which she had left open out of habit. 
The performance and the coming and going of audience went on for another twenty minutes when a policeman showed up.
Hey, Miss. You got a permit to play here? said the policeman in English. He was in his early twenties, wearing an olive green uniform and a cap, with bronze skin and a square face.
Zoe didnt quite know what to say. The small congregation of listeners had quickly scattered.
You are not allowed to play in public without a permit, said the policeman.
Zoe finally muscled out two words, Okay. Whatever. She packed up her guitar. 
The policeman dribbled on a pad of yellow paper and handed the top sheet to Zoe. Its a ticket for the violation of city ordinance.
What in the world? 
You owe the city 500,000 Vietnamese dong. You can pay me now, said the policeman.
Zoe didnt know how to respond. She was unprepared for a run-in with the law in a foreign country. All she could remember was the anecdotes online telling people how abusive and corrupt Vietnamese police officers could be, especially toward foreigners who didnt know any better. Her hands trembled and she felt warm in the face. Tears started to well up in her eyes, but she fought them back, not wanting to show any weakness.
Hey, whats the matter? You look pretty tough. The policeman examined Zoe from head to toe, and then focused his eyes on hers.
Zoe said in a low, soft voice, I-I dont have that much money.
The policeman sighed and said, Dont start crying now. Consider this a warning. Keep the ticket to remind yourself of your foolishness. If I catch you again, you are going to jail. With that, he turned and walked to his motorcycle. Before Zoe could take a breath of relief, he was gone.
Zoe could still feel the shakiness in her legs. She could not believe what just happened. She counted the money in her guitar case. There was roughly 10,000 dong. That was all the money that she possessed at the moment. Her mother had not given her any allowance and she did not have any savings at all. 
Well, what a shame. People seemed to like her music. Maybe she would research about getting this permit, and then she could earn her way to financial independence from her mother. She could be out on her own again; she could hardly stand living with her mother any longer.
She walked toward a vendor and spent 3,000 dong to get iced coffee, which was dispensed in a clear plastic bag with a straw thrown in, the opening of the sack tied close by a red string. She sipped her coffee as she turned her back on the ocean to face the busy Tran Phu Boulevard that she was about to cross. She cast her eyes to the row of hotels and restaurants on the other side. Through the rumbling torrent of motorcycles and cars, she could hear the cacophony of different, but all upbeat and rapid, music coming from the restaurants that were now serving breakfast. She knew very well that those restaurants would remain open long after midnight to accommodate the revelers. She drank the rest of her coffee in one gulp and tossed the bag in the trash. She had made up her mind.
Chapter 5
How are your kids doing? Mai Nguyen, the head chef in Quan Bien Dong, said to Ana, who was washing the vegetables while waiting for the dinner crowd to arrive. 
I enrolled them in a school for Russians. Ivan seems to be doing fine. Zoe has not been cooperating, however. The school sent me a notice saying that she had not shown up at all.
No, said Mai, stirring a pot of soup on the stove.
Ana was not in the habit of talking about her problems, but something about Mai made Ana lower her guard and confide. 
Also, said Ana, Ivan said that she got a ticket playing the guitar in public without a permit, although apparently the policeman let her off with a warning in the end. She was bragging about it to Ivan, saying how she had not lost her cool. She used to have problems with the police back home, too. Ana paused, and then said, Well, at least she hasnt run away. When I decided to move to Nha Trang, she was not living at home at the time and I didnt know where she was. I had to stake out at her favorite guitar store for days before she showed up. I was so relieved when she agreed to come. 
Your daughters a trouble maker? said Mai.
Ana didnt respond. She felt responsible for Zoes behavior, and didnt want to blame everything on Zoe.
My son skipped school once, said Mai. My husband gave him a beating and he was not allowed to eat dinner for three days. After that, he never skipped school again. He just graduated from college last year. 
Ana still said nothing. Although Ana was not supportive of corporal punishment, she didnt want to make a comment that might offend her colleague. She liked Mai, and she needed a friend now.
Well, said Mai, Im sure youll think of something to make Zoe change. She will get expelled from school soon if she doesnt go to classes. Without a high school diploma, she wont be able to go to college and find a good husband. Mai sprinkled some salt into the soup.
Ana chuckled, and secretly thought that perhaps that was the reason why she had such trouble finding a good husband for herself. Then she remembered that she was in fact married to a good man once, and it wasnt the lack of a college degree on her part that had caused the marriage to break up.
When Ana finished washing the vegetables, another Russian waitress, Olga, came into the kitchen carrying bags of groceries. Olga set them down on the counter and said, I never thought that Id be doing the shopping, too. Cant you send one of your cooks to do this, Mai?
I wouldve, said Mai, but Mr. Trans into this cross-training deal, and in case we are a cook short, hell want you here. Anas washing and chopping vegetables, too.
Olga rolled her eyes, and then said to Ana in Russian, My friends from the university and I are going for a drink after work tonight. They are mostly Russians. Do you want to join us?
Ana would really appreciate the opportunity to meet other people from her country, but she had to decline. For one thing, she would probably be the oldest in the group by at least fifteen years, and she didnt want to stand out being the only one without any college education. She said, I have to get home to my kids. Thanks so much for inviting me though.
Thats fine, said Olga. Ill ask you again next time. There is a really nice place here with vodka and pickled herring, if you ever get home sick. 
Anas gustatory memory of her motherland was instantly aroused, and she could almost taste the vodka and the pickled herring right now. She swallowed hard, and helped Olga put away the groceries. 
Olga!
Ana could tell that it was Mr. Tran calling on the other side of the kitchen door.
There we go again, said Olga as she walked out.
Mai giggled. She turned on the stove to heat the frying oil and said, How do you say spring roll in Russian?
Ana replied in Russian, and then she asked Mai to say it in Vietnamese. They went back and forth teaching each other the items on the menu in their respective native languages, laughing the whole time and trying not to get their tongues twisted. 
The kitchen door swung open, and Mr. Tran came in to say, Ana, I sent Olga out on an errand. Could you take care of Mr. Vo Nguyen out there? Be nice. He is one of my regulars and he is about to be engaged to the daughter of my biggest investor. I have to go to a meeting across town, or I will be taking his orders myself. With that, Mr. Tran left through the backdoor. 
Ana put on the black waitress apron, and went out to greet the only two customers at the restaurant right now.
Its you, said one of the two men as Ana approached. Ana did not recognize them right away. The speaker was a handsome black man, with a smooth face and black rim glasses. His companion, who just looked up from the menu, was the tall Vietnamese man she encountered on the night she came for her job interview.
Ana immediately felt warm in the face, but managed to say, Hi, Im Ana, and Im your waitress. Sorry about the other night. She held an order pad in her left hand and a pen in her right; both of her hands were trembling slightly, and her heart was doing somersaults in her chest.
Oh, I didnt mean to embarrass you, said the black man. My name is Vidal, and this is Vo, Vidal pointed to his friend. Vo. Say something.
Uh, dont worry about the other night. I didnt remember any of it until my friend Vidal here brought it up, said Vo with an intriguing accent, which was also shared by Vidal.
After a few seconds of silence, Ana said, Can I get you anything to drink?
Ill have a Saigon Beer, said Vidal.
Same here, said Vo.
Ill be right back, Ana turned toward the kitchen.
When Ana disappeared from their sight, Vidal said, You didnt remember any of it? Who could forget a beautiful brunette like that?
I dont pay attention to women like you do, said Vo. He was thinking about the blush he saw on Anas face a minute ago. Her deep emerald eyes were as mystifying as the waters of the South China Sea.
Sure. You are so focused on Kim right now, you are missing the forest.
Vo didnt say anything back.
Which is a good thing, said Vidal. Your mother asked me to keep you away from wonton women lusting after your money, and help you and Kim progress as fast as possible. Vidal did air quotes with his fingers.
Kim and I are fine, said Vo. He was annoyed by Vidals comment. You dont need to babysit us. Plus I am just a poor marine biologist. No one is lusting after my money.
Vidal opened his mouth, but Vo didnt let him respond. Speaking of money, said Vo, I cant believe that your law firm lets you off this long. You are the big shot in corporate laws. When are you going back to New Orleans?
My orders are to stay here until you and Kim get engaged. Your mother worked something out with my boss. You know, she practically owns half of Versailles. 
You are exaggerating, said Vo. Folks just like to eat in her restaurant.
But no one wants to be on her black list, thats for sure. If she banned you from her restaurant, you are as good as an outcast. 
They both laughed.
Seriously, said Vidal, I feel responsible for your happiness. I need to see this thing through. You are turning forty soon and you need to make your mother a grandbaby before you get too old.
Speak for yourself, said Vo. He saw from the corner of his eye that Ana was returning. 
She set two bottles of Saigon Beer down on the table and said, So, gentlemen. Are you ready to order?
Chapter 6
Ana got in at ten-thirty at night. She went to check on Ivan first. He was sleeping soundly, shirtless with only a pair of boxers on. His floor fan was going at full blast. Ana turned down the fan a little, and then went to Zoes room. Zoe was not there. Ana, worried, took a deep breath in and looked around the room. The guitar was gone, but Zoes clothes and music albums were still there. Ana let out a sigh of relief, knowing that Zoe would return.
Ana washed up a little, and then sad down on the bench in the living room to wait for Zoe. She turned on the television, but was too tired to really watch anything. She soon fell asleep.
She woke up at the sound of a key scratching at the front door. She lifted her heavy eyelids and saw Zoe sneak in with her guitar.
Where have you been? said Ana, turning off the television.
Zoe stopped on her way to her room, turned around and said, Since when do you care? She went into her room and slammed the door.
Ana stared at Zoes bedroom door, thinking that Zoes behaviors required some kind of a parental intervention, something like a disciplinary action, a stern lecture, or a heart-to-heart conversation. But how? How was she to carry out any of those measures? Her mind was a blank, wishing that some wisdom would just come to her from above. She couldnt help but think that perhaps it was too late, that she should have learned the craft when Zoe was little. Zoe was fully grown now, and no matter how hard Ana tried, even if she knew how to do it at all, she could not shape Zoe into anything else.
Ana looked at the clock on the wall, and was surprised to find that it was already five oclock in the morning. She had slept on the bench all night, and her back was aching as terribly as her head. Nothing constructive regarding Zoe was going to come into light. Ana got up, grabbed her camera bag, and left the apartment.
It was still dark when she got to the beach, with only a sliver of electric blue on the horizon. The locals were already gathering for their morning activities. Ana walked north, observing and photographing the people around her. 
Soon, a little bit of orange crept in beneath the electric blue, and Ana sat down on a bench to see the wispy clouds turn pink with purple mixed in. She photographed the fishing boats in the distance, floating on the calm water that reflected the bright red globe as it ascended. There were people talking all around her, but the wide open ocean and its gentle waves absorbed all the chatters. It felt quiet and peaceful. 
Ana trained her camera on the boats and the sun until it became an enormous burning orange, and she had to focus her camera elsewhere. The locals were now cleaning up, possibly having to go to work. Friends said their goodbyes and couples embraced. The motorcycles paraded up and down the Tran Phu Boulevard, and taxi drivers pumped their horns at the audacious pedestrians crossing the street. The ambient noise, as well as the temperature, began to climb.
After taking a few shots of the busy traffic and the stately hotels on the other side of Tran Phu Boulevard, Ana turned her camera back toward the ocean to photograph the early swimmers, and as she was doing so, she noticed a familiar figure in her lens.
The tall man emerged from the water slowly, taking in rapid but deep breaths. As his chest rose and fell Ana could see his well-defined muscles gleam in the sunlight. He removed his swim cap and goggles, and then with a hand wiped the water from his face. It was Vo.
Ana felt as if her heart stopped for a second. She let the camera sink to her lap, and gawked at Vo as his bulging thighs propelled him toward land, toward her. Anas head was telling her to look away, that it was rude to stare, but she was in a trance. Suddenly, she heard a voice.
Ana.
Oh, hi, said Ana. Her heart was pounding fast in her chest, and she felt as if she had just been caught doing something criminal.
Morning, said Vo, standing like a tower in front of Ana with his hands on his waist, breathing deep and fast.
Morning, said Ana. Vos eyes, the color of mahogany, were beaming straight at hers again. She withdrew her gaze from his face to her camera, and stowed it in the carrying bag.
Mind if I sat down? Vo was looking at the space next to Ana.
Oh, no, please. You need to rest. Ana moved a little to the other end, trying to create some physical distance from Vo. Vo sat down and rested his elbows on his knees. Ana didnt know if she was supposed to make small talk; she was so nervous that she wanted to get up and leave, but she didnt think it would be polite.
Vos breathing slowed down to normal. He sat up a little, crossed his arms in front of his chest, and set his eyes on the other swimmers in the open sea.
Ana looked down; she was digging in and out of the soft sand underneath the bench with her bare feet. The sand was still relatively cool compared to the air, which by now was well heated by the sun. Ana raised her hand to wipe the sweat away from her brow.
You are up early, said Vo. Most tourists get here late.
Im not a tourist, said Ana. 
Oh, right. You have a job. You live here, dont you? 
Ana nodded her head, still looking down.
I am guessing you are Russian, said Vo.
Thats correct.
When I first got here a year ago, I didnt expect to be living among so many Russians. Its been interesting.
In a good way, I hope, said Ana, turning her head a little to look at Vo. 
Good and bad, said Vo, looking at Ana. Its good you are here. I mean, you cant be bad. 
Ana couldnt help but smile. It was endearing the way he stumbled to find words. So, you swim early. Hows the water? said Ana.
I come to swim every morning. Its the best time. Just look at the locals. The water is calm and cool. Vo looked at Anas camera bag. I saw your professional camera. Are you a photographer?
Not really. I just like to take pictures.
They sat in silence for a minute. The vendors were raising the beach umbrellas as the foreigners poured in and took over the beach. 
Vo, said a voice from behind them. It was the petite woman Ana bumped into the other night. She was holding a beach towel.
Vo stood up and smiled at the woman. He said something in Vietnamese to her, and mentioned Anas name. Then he said to Ana, This is Kim. She walks. I swim. She insists on carrying a towel for me. I normally just air dry. He chuckled.
Kim smiled at Ana and said, Hello, Ana.
Hello, Kim. Ana stood up too.
I guess well see you around, said Vo. Nha Trang is a small town. He took the towel from Kim, and they walked toward the street. They stopped at a motorcycle. Vo removed a helmet that was hanging on the handle bar and placed it on Kims head, buckled the straps and adjusted them under her chin. He put one on himself, and they both got on the motorcycle. Kim encircled Vos waist with her arms when he turned on the ignition. With a loud rumble, they rode away.
Ana watched them until they turned a corner and disappeared. So that was his fiance, she thought, feeling somewhat disappointed, but couldnt say why.
Chapter 7
Ana woke up with a fright. There was an incessant crying of a newborn, the smell of blood and vomit, and shadowy figures hovering above her. She could hardly breathe, and she could hear herself screaming. She was trying to stop something from happening but it happened anyway. She could feel the tears on her face and her pillow was wet with her sweat. She gasped and took in a big deep breath, and when she let it out she realized, yet again, that it was just a dream.
She sat up and got out of bed. The sunlight was peeping in through a gap in the curtains. She thought of Vo for some reason, and their chance encounter on the beach. Was that also a dream?
After she washed up, she went to look for her children. Ivan was eating cereal in the kitchen, alone.
Good morning, Ivan. Where is Zoe? said Ana.
Ivan shrugged his shoulders. Sleeping, I guess. Shes been coming home late, you know. 
Ana walked to Zoes room and tried to open the door, but it was locked. She knocked on the door rapidly.
Wake up, Zoe. Youre going to be late for school.
Ma, Zoe hasnt been to school at all, Ivan said with a mouthful.
I know, said Ana. She knocked on Zoes door again.
So, said Ivan, the summer vacation is almost here. I want to do the camp at the Institute of Oceanography. I saw a poster in school. Ill get to feed sharks, and itll be awesome.
Zoe, we need to talk, said Ana, feeling frustrated. 
She heard a movement, and turned to see Ivan heading toward the apartment door with his skateboard.
Wait a minute. Where are you going with that thing? You cant take it to school, said Ana.
Its Sunday, Ma. Ill be home for lunch. Ivan shut the metal door behind him.
Ana felt a little uneasy. The streets were always so busy with cars and motorcycles. Sidewalks were not always present. Skateboarding was dangerous even under the best circumstances. Why did Eduard have to give Ivan that skateboard? Ivan never did anything risky before he delved into the sport. Thankfully, Ivan was a sensible and self-reliant boy. Ana would just have to trust him to take care of himself.
She beat on Zoes door again. Come on out, Zoe.
She almost hit Zoe in the face when Zoe finally opened the door. Zoe went back to her bed and lay down on it, and put her pillow over her head.
Ana walked to Zoes bed and said, Where have you been? I know you havent been to school. Why cant you stay out of trouble?
Zoe didnt respond.
Ana sat down on Zoes bed and removed Zoes pillow. 
Are you going to grow up or are you going to be a big baby? said Ana.
You are the big baby, said Zoe. You are always having nightmares and crying in your sleep. Leave me alone.
Ana could feel her face turn hot. Surely Zoe would get a spanking now if she were Mais daughter. Ana resisted the urge to strike Zoe. She had never physically punished either of her children, although she really felt like doing it sometimes, especially when Zoe was acting out. 
If you werent only sixteen, said Ana, Id tell you to leave. All you ever do is break my heart. Why cant you be a normal teenager? 
Why cant you be a normal mother? 
I am trying, cant you see? Why wont you try to be normal, too?
Whats normal? Zoe sat up and stared at Ana. Is it not normal to follow ones passion, and pursue ones dreams? School is not for me. Ive had enough school.
What are you talking about? What passion? What dreams? 
Im talking about the music, said Zoe. I can support myself now. I play at a nightclub, and I make good money.
What? How long have you been doing this? What nightclub? Ana couldnt believe her ears.
If you really want to know, Ill show you later. Right now, can I go back to sleep? I have a big gig tonight. 
You are going to tell me right now the name and address of this nightclub and who your boss is. I cant believe they let a sixteen-year-old girl work in a nightclub. 
Will you please not ruin it like you did everything else that mattered to me? I finally got a good thing going and you want to go and destroy it. Whats wrong with you?
I am trying to protect you, said Ana. This is not our country. You dont know the language. You dont know the laws. You dont know the people. What if you get hurt?
Please, since when do you care if I get hurt? You are just trying to save yourself from embarrassment because, what would people say after you dragged your daughter all the way to Vietnam and she got raped, or worse, killed.
Ana was very angry by now. She stood up, her body shaking, not sure what she was supposed to do. She thought of her grandmother, Zoes great grandmother. Zoe, said Ana, remember what you promised your prababushka before she died? She wanted you to listen to me and be a good daughter. Shed turn in her grave if she could see you now.
Dont bring Prababushka into this. She was the only mother I ever had.
Ana stopped herself from slapping Zoe in the face. She walked toward the door, thinking that there was no use talking to Zoe anymore. Then she remembered that she had also promised her grandmother to take care of Zoe, no matter what. She turned around.
Zoe, said Ana, softening her voice, its all right if you dont want to go to school, but I need to know that you are safe. Could you at least give me that?
Zoe sighed and said, It was the Rocking Waves on Tran Phu Boulevard. The boss is a guy named Boris.
Boris? Hes Russian?
Yes, hes Russian. Why are you so surprised? There are Russians everywhere in Nha Trang. Isnt that why you brought us here in the first place? Anyway, Boris and his people take good care of me and my band. You dont have to worry about a thing.
Youve got a band?
Yes. We are the Cardinals Choir, said Zoe.
What kind of name is that? 
Whatever. Zoe plunked back down to her bed.
So, is it okay if I come and watch you play? said Ana.
Sure, we are there from nine to one every night. Come after work.
That is pretty late for your age. Dont they have an earlier shift or something?
This is a nightclub. They dont start early.
All right, all right, said Ana. And all you do is play music, nothing else. She raised her eyebrow.
I am not a prostitute.
Then why do you come home at five oclock in the morning if you finish at one? And what are you doing during the day besides sleeping?
I think Ive said enough. Zoe yawned. Could we continue this on another day? Im really tired. Could I have my pillow back? 
Ana threw the pillow at Zoe, who caught it and put it over her head, turning away from Ana. Ana was not sure if this was a satisfactory resolution of their present crisis, but she felt much better than when she started the confrontation. She sighed, and left Zoes room.
Chapter 8
Ivan was cruising down the beach promenade on his skateboard when he heard his name called out from behind him. He stopped and turned around. A familiar figure, also on a skateboard, was closing in on him. It was Misha, his desk mate from school.
Nice board, said Misha, stopping in front of Ivan to look at his skateboard.
Thanks, said Ivan.
I am meeting some friends to do some flips. Join us?
Ivan hesitated for a moment. He and Misha werent exactly friends. He wanted to go with Misha, but was not sure whether Mishas friends would welcome him. Besides, the last time someone had invited him to do something, it turned out to be a trick to get him into a dark corner so that a bunch of kids could throw raw eggs and vegetables at him and kicked him in the stomach.
Well? said Misha.
Maybe kids down here would be friendlier. Ivan decided to take a risk. Why not? said Ivan. 
They got back on their skateboards. Ivan followed Misha down the busy promenade, and avoided hitting the pedestrians. A few people, both locals and foreigners, objected with frowns.
They soon came upon a group of helmetless skateboarders who were showing off their tricks. A few local children were watching them. Ivan recognized one of the skateboarders as another student from his class. Misha called out to them. Hey, we got a new pal.
All the skateboarders stopped to greet Misha and Ivan. Misha introduced everyone to Ivan. The other classmates name was Viktor; he quickly went off to impress Ivan with an aerial stunt.
Brian and Josh were American, George was British, Laurent was French, Koji was Japanese, and Duong was Vietnamese. Misha did a special introduction on Duong, who did not speak much English or attend an international school like the rest of the gang. He saw the skateboarders one day, went to the junk yard to salvage a used skateboard despite his mothers protest, and made his way into the skateboarders circle simply by showing up and saying hello, hello repeatedly until he got his wish. He could slide down the street, and do an ollie when he put his mind to it. 
Awesome, said Ivan, moved by Duongs determination.
Ivan couldnt help but feel happy. So far no one had called him names or tried to make him trip. Everyone was laughing and joking around. Ivan was excited about being included in a group, possibly for the very first time in his life. 
We all go to different schools, but we found one another here at the beach, said Misha.
Hey, are we going to skateboard or not? said Koji.
With that, everyone took turns to demonstrate his best trick. Ivan did a perfect 360 pop shove-it, and everyone else shouted and clapped. A scrawny boy, wearing an oversized T-shirt and baggy shorts, came up to Ivan and made a gesture, pointing to his skateboard.
I think he wants to borrow your board to try, said Brian.
Ivan got off his skateboard and toed it to the boy, who promptly put two feet on the board and just as quickly fell backward and landed on his bottom. All the other local kids broke out in laughter.
Ivan helped the boy get up and said, Are you okay?
Okay, okay. Try again? said the boy.
You can try again, but you need to do it this way, said Ivan. 
Ivan put his skateboard on a patch of grass nearby, and showed the boy how to position his body and feet so he could stay atop the skateboard. He got off and let the boy try. The boy got on the skateboard gingerly, and to everyones amazement, balanced himself without falling again.
Nice job, Ivan, said Misha. Weve been showing these kids how to skateboard, and you are a natural teacher. How come you didnt tell me you could skateboard? We sit together at school every day.
Well, said Ivan, I didnt really ever have a chance to talk to you. We cant talk during class, and you always leave so quickly when the bell rings.
Oops. I guess it is my fault, said Misha. It takes all the patience in me to sit through those fifty-minute classes, and I only get a few minutes to play ball with my friends before the bell rings again. Misha took a deep breath in and said, Well, starting tomorrow, I will grab you for recess.
But you dont come out at all, said Viktor. I never see you outside.
Ivan remembered being bullied on the playground, and felt too embarrassed to explain why he preferred the safety of the classroom where a teacher was usually present the majority of the time.
Thats because he didnt have anyone to play with, and now he has us, said Misha. You will come and play ball with us, wont you? 
Of course, said Ivan. He was glad that he had made some friends. His mother was right this time. He couldnt wait to tell her all about it.
Hey, look whos here? Laurent pointed at a girl walking along the edge of the sea.
Ivan turned his head, and saw a red-haired girl in a flowing white dress strolling barefoot on the sand with the aquamarine sea behind her. She seemed to be collecting seashells.
Its the know-it-all class president of ours, Sofia, said Misha.
We know her, too, said Josh. There was an English speaking contest and each international school had to present two students to compete. She won the gold medal. I got silver, and English was my native language.
No joke. And I speak the Kings English, said George. I got bronze.
Everyone giggled. Viktor made fun of Sofia by imitating the way she talked and acted, and everyone except Ivan bent over holding his midsection in even more explosive laughter.
She was the only one who talked to me on my first day of school though, said Ivan in Sofias defense.
Its her job, said Misha. She is the class president, appointed by Ms. Mimi. She is teachers pet number one.
Because she got the best grades, said Viktor. But you seem to be getting the top scores on quizzes, too, Ivan. Sofia has competition now. 
Well, I am new, so I am not going to have the best grades, said Ivan.
You never know, said Misha. Anyway, she is a pretty nice person. She brings the best snacks and candies to share with all of us. Her father is very rich, I can tell. He came to school one day in an Armani suit, just to see Ms. Mimi in a five-minute conference. His chauffer takes Sofia to and from school every day in a Rolls-Royce.
The only Rolls-Royce in town, said Koji.
So it seemed that Sofia indeed was a local celebrity, at least among the international students, thought Ivan.
Its been fun, guys, but we have to go, said Brian. Weve got a biology project to do, about the humpback dolphins of the South China Sea. He and Josh rode away on their skateboards.
The rest of the gang hung out for another ten minutes before they all decided to call it a day and went their separate ways.
Ivan did not leave immediately. He could see Sofia still walking on the beach in the distance, her red hair standing out against the blue ocean. Ivan said goodbye to the local kids, and rode on the promenade toward Sofia. When he was close enough, he got off his skateboard, wrapped it under his arm, and walked.
Hey, said Ivan when Sofia stood for a moment to look at the water, which was malachite with a few shades of turquoise under the late morning sun.
Ivan, what are you doing here? Sofia smiled.
I was just hanging out with some friends earlier, said Ivan, still a little uneasy about using the term friends yet.
Skateboarding, I see. Sofia looked at Ivans skateboard.
You are collecting seashells? said Ivan, looking into Sofias bucket.
Nha Trang beach has the best seashells. If you come out during low tide, you see all kinds.
This beach is pretty cool, said Ivan. He didnt know of any other beach to compare it to.
Ivan and Sofia walked a little along the shore. Sofia said, I was going to get some durian smoothie. Do you want to come?
Ivan didnt know what that was, but a girl was inviting him to do something together, so naturally he said, Sure.
They ran across the street when they saw a break in the stream of vehicles. They walked past a woman with a conical hat sitting on a stool with a pot of soup next to her feet. There were a few additional stools around her and a few customers were enjoying bowls of snails in a lemongrass broth. Ivan looked at the pot of soup and could hear his own stomach sing to the aroma, but Sofia led him inside a caf instead. Sofia ordered two cups of durian smoothie. Ivan grabbed a cup and took a sip through the large straw. Despite the interesting odor, the smoothie was sweet and refreshing.
The actual fruit stinks, but this is my favorite iced drink in Vietnam, said Sofia.
They sat down near the corner of the caf, looking at the passersby through the glass window. Ivan was thinking about the social advances he had made that day when Sofia said, To tell you the truth, I saw you and your friends back there. You were pretty good on the skateboard. Actually, you were amazing. I am not good at any sports. I could walk pretty far though. I am an hours walk away from my house.
Thats a long walk. Do you come every Sunday? said Ivan. He couldnt believe that he had just been called amazing by a girl as pretty and smart as Sofia.
I come to the beach whenever I can. I adore the beach. During the week I am occupied with school work, but on the weekends I am allowed on the beach for as long as I want.
Allowed? Ivan thought that was a strange word to use.
Im from Novosibirsk, said Ivan, which is a landlocked city. So, I love the beach, too.
Do you miss home?
I miss speaking Russian and hearing Russian, and maybe the food, too. Other than that, Im having fun here.
I have never been to Russia, believe it or not, said Sofia. My father is too busy to take me.
What about your mother?
My mother died a few years ago. She had a sick liver, said Sofia quietly.
Im sorry to hear that. Ivan didnt know what to say next, and they sat silently drinking their durian smoothie. Ivan liked Sofias company, and didnt mind the void of words.
Sofia finished her drink and said, I have to go now. I will see you tomorrow in school. She got up from her chair.
Sure. And maybe next Sunday I will see you on the beach again? Ivan said nervously as he also got up from his chair to walk Sofia out of the cafe.
Maybe, and we can have another durian smoothie, or something else, said Sofia with a smile. Ivan could feel his heart melt away in that instant. 
They closed the caf door behind them, and Ivan followed Sofia to the curb. There was a black sedan parked in front of them with its engine running. Ivan saw the silver hood ornament in the form of a woman with arms outstretched behind her as if she were about to fly. Two overlapping Rs were underneath it. 
The driver came around to open the door to the backseat.
Bye, Ivan, said Sofia. She kissed Ivan on the cheek, and hopped into the car.
Chapter 9
Shes not bad, said Mai, who was enjoying a chilled Coca Cola with Ana in the Rocking Waves Nightclub. They were sitting at a table around the dance floor. 
It was ten oclock on a Sunday night. The number of people present was more than half capacity. The band was taking a break, so Ana could actually talk to Mai without screaming at her. 
She is pretty good on stage, said Ana. Thanks for coming out with me tonight. I am too old to come to this kind of place by myself.
Thank Mr. Tran for letting us off early, said Mai. I dont get to go out much. We Vietnamese women are not supposed to be coming to places like this. But I am old school. I see a lot of young Vietnamese girls here. She squinted and surveyed the multi-ethnic mix of patrons.
They could be from Japan or Korea, you know, said Ana.
If I dont look at those girls and just listen to the music, I am fine, said Mai. The way they dress and dance is not decent.
Ana chuckled at Mais conservative ideals of women; she decided to change the subject. 
Its funny, said Ana. I gave her that guitar long ago. She loves it more than she loves me. She sleeps with it. She takes it everywhere. She used to get in trouble for taking it to school, so she chose it over school, I guess.
Its an interesting design. Where did you get it?
I got it from my first love, Leo, Zoes father. He bought it with a ridiculous amount of money from some musician. Its antique, really. It was made in 1965, I was told. Leo got it for me when I got into a band myself.
What did you play? 
Our music was not very different from Zoes. We were a punk band. I had spiky hair. Ana and Mai both laughed. Except, said Ana, Zoes all about blood and death, and I was all about throwing over the government.
So what happened to Zoes father? said Mai.
Ana took a deep breath in and exhaled slowly. It was still too agonizing to talk about Leo.
He died when Zoe was four, said Ana.
Im sorry. We dont have to talk about it.
Its okay. We were all very young and foolish back then. People were all of a sudden free to do a lot of things after the fall of Soviet Union in 1991. Leo got into heroine, not that it was legal, but a lot of it was coming in because no one was guarding the borders. Leo owned a tattoo parlor, and all kinds of people were getting tattoos, not just prisoners and gangsters. He did these snake tattoos for me. Ana showed Mai her forearms. You cant see very well because I put concealer over them. Anyway, he made a lot of money, and we just partied with heroine.
You did heroine, too? said Mai, her eyes enlarged.
I tried it, said Ana. I was stupid. Luckily I didnt get hooked on it. Leo did, and he died from an overdose. He was the life of the party one night, and the next morning, he was gone.
I cant believe it. I have never known anyone who did drugs. 
I hope you dont hold that against me. 
Its in the past. I only look at the present. You seem like an upright person now, said Mai.
Ana appreciated Mais kind words. Finally, here was someone who validated Anas effort in rectifying her life.
Hi, said Zoe when she appeared with her band members in front of Ana.
Ana stood up and gave Zoe a hug and a kiss. Zoe did not resist it, but Ana could tell that Zoe did not welcome it, either.
Mai, this is Zoe, said Ana. Zoe, this is Mai, the head chef at my restaurant.
Mai smiled at Zoe, who waved her hand awkwardly at Mai.
So, this is your band. Ana, with a smile, glanced at Zoes friends.
Zoe quickly introduced everyone. The other guitarist was Nelly, also from Russia. The bass guitarist was Aiko from Japan. Tam took the keyboard; she was born and raised in Nha Trang. Everyone participated in vocals. 
Were still looking for someone to play the drums, said Nelly. Its hard being a metal band without a drummer. Tam uses the synchronizer on her keyboard to do percussions.
Which is quite a waste of her talents, said Aiko. Shes been learning classical piano since she was four, and she went to the Steinway piano competition last year.
But I didnt win, said Tam. Anyway I like pop music better.
Your parents let you play here in a nightclub? said Mai. She was looking at Tam.
I dont need them to let me, said Tam.
All right, it seemed that Zoe had found a kindred spirit in Tam, thought Ana.
The break was up, and the Cardinals Choir returned to the stage, causing another wave of feverish clapping and screaming from the audience before they all fell into a frenzy when the band started to play Bring Me to Life by Evanescence.
Well, Ana, said Mai. Its been fun, but I have to go now. My husband will give me an earful if I dont get home soon. She got up to leave.
Ill stay a little longer to watch Zoe. This is a side of her Ive never seen before. Ana felt a sense of pride, even though Zoes work environment was less than ideal.
Enjoy your day off tomorrow. See you Tuesday. Mai started walking toward the exit, but she stopped and turned around. Speaking of work, Mr. Tran wanted me to tell you something. He saw you give leftovers to the people that came to beg at the backdoor. He wants you to stop doing that.
Why, no one is going to eat it. I dont want to waste it, said Ana. 
Well, he doesnt want to give free food to anyone. Some people may be pretending, faking illness to get your sympathy. Just do what Mr. Tran says. Hes the boss. Mai turned and left. 
Ana was still defending her actions in her mind when a man came to talk to Ana.
Hi, he said.
Ana was surprised to be greeted by a total stranger, but she didnt want to be rude.
Hi, said Ana.
I saw the band come to chat with you earlier. Are you and the lead vocal related? The man sat down next to Ana, without asking.
Yes, thats my daughter, said Ana, feeling alarmed. Is there something I can help you with? 
Oh, no, Im just curious. They are a really good band. Ive enjoyed all their music so far. I just couldnt help but notice the resemblance between you two, and Id like a confirmation. Thats all.
Well, there you go. Ana looked away.
Do you come and see your daughter play much?
Ana, somewhat annoyed, turned to get a better look at the man. He was probably in his early forties, with an angular face framed by curly brown hair and a short beard that was barely there. He was wearing a white button down shirt loosely with a tan sport jacket, clutching a beer bottle in his left hand. Ana was not certain what she should do. He was good looking, but she was not in the mood to be picked up by anyone.
Im McKenzie, said the man. He reached out his free hand to Ana.
Ana hesitated for a moment, then shook McKenzies hand and said, Ana.
Where are you from, Ana?
Look, if you are trying to pick up a girl, I am not it, said Ana. She tried to put up a stern face. 
Im sorry, said McKenzie. Im just trying to make a friend. I just relocated from Sydney, and I dont know anyone yet. You are the only person here who doesnt seem to have company at the moment.
Ana looked around her. It was true. Everyone else was in groups of two or more. She let her guard down a little.
Sydney, Australia? said Ana.
Sydney, Australia. Listen, if I am bothering you, I will leave now. McKenzie stood up.
Sit down.
McKenzie sat back down and said, Thank you.
Im from Russia, a city called Novosibirsk.
Yes, Ive heard of it. Its the Capital of Siberia.
Ana chortled and said, Thats actually not something to be proud of. I prefer being here than there.
Nha Trang is beautiful. No doubt about it, said McKenzie.
So what are you doing here?
Im just enjoying the band and a beer, and getting to know you.
Thats not what I meant, said Ana, taking a sip of her Coca Cola, which was now flat and diluted by melted ice cubes.
Oh, you want to know why I moved here from Sydney, said McKenzie. Actually Im sort of on a very long vacation. My girlfriend left me a month ago, and I got tired of my desk job in Sydney. I have some savings and Ive always wanted to travel a bit. Nha Trang was on the first brochure that I picked up from the travel agent. Then I decided that I should probably work since Im about to run out of cash. Im going for an interview tomorrow at the Sailing Club Dive Center. Did I mention my girlfriend left me?
Wow, you said all that in one breath, said Ana.
Sorry, I get carried away sometimes when I am in good company.
I just moved here about three months ago myself.
Great. So we can hang out, said McKenzie.
I only get Mondays off, though. I work late shift at a restaurant.
Ah, then we can meet tomorrow for lunch at the Sailing Club after my interview.
Ana thought about the luxurious walk-up beach bar that she had strolled by many times. It was right on the sand, fenced off by a knee-high, cream-colored wall reminiscent of a Greek isle villa, with wooden beach chairs and thatch umbrellas. When she walked by it on the street side, she could peek in and see those dreamy cabanas, with billowing white curtains and throw pillows in different shades of cerulean, that seemed to stretch all the way out to the sea. 
What do you say? said McKenzie after a few moments of silence.
I suppose we can, said Ana. She was not sure if it was a good idea to go out with a man. She thought about Eduard, and how she had vowed not to be romantically involved with anyone after the divorce, not until she got back on her feet anyway.
Good. Meet me at the Sailing Club at noon. This is my number, just in case. McKenzie wrote something down on a beverage napkin, and handed it to Ana. He got up from his chair and said, Dont stand me up. He turned toward the exit.
Ana didnt know if it was a date, but that was what it felt like. The Cardinals Choir was playing The Poison of Love by Dark Princess. Ana felt a little tipsy, even though she had nothing alcoholic to drink.
Chapter 10
Ana took a sip of the chilled passion fruit juice and relished the sweet and sour nectar as it went down the back of her tongue. She was sitting at the bar of the Sailing Club and taking in her surroundings. The sky was a perfectly clear blue dome, and underneath it the gentle fingers of the South China Sea caressed the crescent curve of the Nha Trang Bay. The palm trees swayed in the breeze, the leaves brushing against one another, adding textural contrast to the sound of the waves, drowning out the clattering of silverware and the chattering of the customers.
Ana observed the diners and savored the aromas and the colors of the dishes in front of them. The grilled pork stir-fried with vegetables was served in a pineapple shell. The steamy white rice came in a bamboo log, alongside a cup of pungent fish sauce. The seared beef tenderloin with ginger and garlic was directly skewered on blades of lemongrass, garnished by ubiquitous tomatoes, cucumbers and lettuce. The glasses were filled with juices of all colors of the rainbow. A family with young children had in front of them a slab of wood, on top of which sat slices of fresh dragon fruits, mangoes, papayas, and watermelons.
As she was looking longingly at all the food, someone tapped on her shoulder.
Ana.
Ana turned and was surprised to see Vidal standing next to her. She hadnt seen Vidal for a few weeks. She was reminded of Vo, whom she also hadnt run into since the last encounter on the beach, where she had seen him come out of the ocean gleaming in the glory of the morning sun. Ana felt warm in her ears, and tried to stop thinking about it.
Well, did you forget about me? said Vidal. 
Im sorry, said Ana. Hi. I was distracted for a moment.
Vidal was not alone. Kim was standing next to him.
Mind if we sat down? said Vidal.
Not at all, please, said Ana.
Vidal and Kim sat down. Vidal asked the bartender for a Saigon Beer, and Kim ordered a fresh coconut.
Are you waiting for someone? Vidal said, looking at Ana.
Yes, I am, said Ana. A friend of mine is having an interview for a scuba diving instructor position. We are to meet for lunch afterward.
What a coincidence, said Vidal. We are also waiting for our scuba diver friend, Vo. You remember him.
Vo is here? Ana felt a tingle in her arms.
There he comes. Vidal nudged his head toward two men who were approaching from the beach. Vo and McKenzie stopped in front of Ana.
Ana, said Vo and McKenzie simultaneously. They then looked at each other with raised eyebrows.
You know her? Vo and McKenzie said to each other.
Ana pressed her lips together, not knowing what to say.
Okay, said Vidal, lets get a table and figure this out later. Vidal got up from his barstool and ushered everyone toward a large, low wooden table with wide wicker chairs and beige cushions. A waiter quickly came and dropped off a few menus. Vo and McKenzie ordered two bottles of Saigon Beer as well.
This is the girl I told you I was meeting after the interview, said McKenzie to Vo.
I see, said Vo. He looked at Ana. Ana couldnt tell any emotion from his straight face.
Vidal extended a hand to McKenzie and said, Antoine Vidal. Everyone calls me Vidal.
McKenzie Clark. They shook hands.
And this is Kim Pham, Vo pointed at Kim, who joined her hands and bowed slightly to McKenzie. McKenzie returned the same gesture to Kim.
Vidal said, Vo and I have been friends since we were kids. His mom used to babysit me. I always said that the fall of South Vietnam was not all bad; it got me Vo.
Vo didnt respond. The waiter returned with the beer, and left when he was told that no one was ready to order yet.
I am a PADI certified Divemaster, said McKenzie. Vo just hired me to teach scuba diving. He is the staff instructor, and has agreed to help me with the open water scuba instructor course.
Ana nodded even though she wasnt paying much attention to what McKenzie just said.
Where are you from? Kim said to McKenzie in English with a soft voice.
Sydney, Australia, said McKenzie. So, Kim, you are friends with Vo, too?
Yes, said Vo, she is a family friend.
Ana looked at Vo, surprised that he did not mention that he and Kim intended to marry.
Ive been tutoring Kim English while Vo is busy with scuba diving and teaching biology, said Vidal.
You teach biology, too? said McKenzie.
Yes, said Vo, I give a lecture in marine biology here and there at the schools. My real job involves a lot of boring research on sea creatures.
Specifically the marine mammals of the South China Sea, such as the Chinese white dolphins, said Vidal.
Incredible. What else do you do? said McKenzie.
Thats it, said Vo. Between teaching scuba diving and doing research, I dont have time for anything else.
Except for courting Kim, thought Ana.
Kim said to Ana, Is everything going well for you?
Ana didnt expect to be the next subject of conversation. She was thinking about how to answer it when the waiter returned to take their orders. They hurriedly looked over the menus and placed their requests. The waiter left again.
So, said Vo, is everything going well for you, Ana?
The way Vo said her name made her feel dizzy. Ana was dazed for a moment. She only came to her senses again when she saw that everyone was staring at her. 
I cant complain, said Ana. For one thing, I am about to have a feast in a fancy beach restaurant with a gorgeous view. She looked at Kim. Kim obviously did not pick up the intended sarcasm, and was nodding her head.
McKenzie was curious about how the others had come to know Ana, and Vidal quickly filled him in.
I have lunch at Quan Bien Dong all the time, said McKenzie. My favorite dish there was the pakalana flowers sauted with garlic. How come Ive never seen you there?
Well, I do work the dinner shift, said Ana.
Ana was glad when their orders were brought out so that she didnt have to answer any more questions. She was having c kho t, braised fish in clay pot, served with white rice. She thoroughly enjoyed the perfect balance of sweet and spicy as the caramel sauce with chili and cilantro saturated her taste buds.
Everyone got quiet for a few minutes as they dug into their food. Ana eyed McKenzies dish; he was making a mess of the bnh xo, turmeric crepe fried to a crisp then stuffed with shrimp, bean sprouts and fresh herbs. McKenzie caught her glance, and offered her a bite. Ana gladly accepted it. She washed the bite of bnh xo down with a sip of her juice, and then gave McKenzie a piece of her fish as thanks. She glanced at Vo, who seemed to be looking her way, picking at his fried spring rolls with his chopsticks at the same time.
Kim said something in Vietnamese to Vo, who then started eating in earnest, and conversed back and forth quietly with Kim in their native tongue.
What are you two doing afterward? Vidal said to Ana and McKenzie.
Ana hadnt planned on doing anything else with McKenzie after lunch. She was going to put final touches to some photographs on her laptop, and enter a few into a number of online photography contests. She was also going to a camera shop to print a few photographs large enough to hang on her bedroom walls. In addition, she had to gather educational material and make lesson plans for the Russian tutoring business that she was about to start.
McKenzie said to Ana, Would you want to catch a movie by any chance?
Ana finished sipping her passion fruit juice, and, instead of answering the question directly, said, Whats everyone else doing?
I am heading out to Hon Mun to collect some samples with my team. I will be occupied into the evening, said Vo.
Thats the Ebony Island, famous for its coral reefs, right? said McKenzie.
Vo nodded. 
Kim and I will go to the Alexandre Yersin Museum, then. I want to look at those old machines, smell those old books, and converse with the spirit of Dr. Yersin, said Vidal, nudging his eyeglasses upward slightly.
Again? said Vo. You go almost every day it seems.
I cant help it. I wonder what could have motivated him to move halfway across the planet and settle in a place where he had to learn a new language and a new way of life like a baby would. 
Vidal paused, and then said to McKenzie and Ana, You know Dr. Yersin lived here for more than half a century before he died. He was the one who identified the bacteria that caused bubonic plague and helped establish the Pasteur Institute in Nha Trang to study prevention and treatment of that disease. Thats pretty amazing, right?
Right, said Ana. But I thought the exhibit was mostly in French.
Vidal can be quite a nerd sometimes, said Vo. He can speak and read French.
Oui, madame, said Vidal, and everyone chuckled.
So, Ana, said McKenzie. What do you think? A movie? 
Actually, said Ana, I was going to work on some projects at home. My kids will be out all day. You are welcome to come for tea. She looked at Vo again; he was looking down on his plate with pursed lips.
They finished the meal, and Vo paid the bill despite protest from the rest of the group. They thanked Vo and parted their ways. McKenzie and Ana decided to walk to her apartment via the beach promenade. When Ana turned a minute later to look back at the Sailing Club some distance away, she could still see Vo standing where they left him. Although she couldnt tell for sure, she sensed that Vo was still gazing toward her, with the same intensity that she saw in his eyes the first night they met.
Chapter 11
It was a week night and the Rocking Waves Nightclub had a relatively light crowd. The Cardinals Choir finished another gothic metal hit song to the applause of a rowdy audience. 
Zoe! Zoe! the fans shouted.
Zoe announced that the band would take a short break, and went off the stage. She and Tam headed toward the bar. 
Yurik, give us the special tonight, said Zoe toward the bartender.
Yurik barked back and said, Im busy, woman.
Zoe, said Tam, why cant you be a little nicer to your boyfriend? She brushed back her long, straight brown hair with her fingers.
Yuriks head was shaved except for the spiky black hair down the middle of his scalp. He had an eyebrow ring, and his over-developed biceps were covered with tattoos. He poured the drink from his cocktail maker into two glasses and set them down in front of Zoe and Tam, Kamikaze. Enjoy.
Thanks, Yurik, said Tam.
Zoe reached over the counter, grabbed Yuriks head, and pressed her lips to his. It was not until Tam nearly emptied her glass that Yurik tore Zoe from his neck and went to attend to another customer. Zoe took a few sips of her drink, and asked Tam to go to the restroom with her. Zoe never finished a drink; she was merely interested in the taste, and didnt want to get even a little tipsy.
There was another woman in the restroom when Zoe and Tam entered. Zoe glanced at the woman. This was not the first time they ran into her there. The woman with her platinum blond hair in an updo appeared to be in her twenties, tall and curvy in a tight and short red dress. Her breasts were half exposed, framed by the white fur on her shoulders. She had a glamorous face fit for a magazine cover. There was a small black mole next to the corner of her full, glossy red lips. For some reason, her eyes always looked like she had been crying. 
Zoe decided that she couldnt hold back her curiosity anymore. She said to the woman, Are you a regular customer here?
The woman did not answer, still focused on her image in the mirror, applying her lipstick. 
Tam looked at the woman as well. The woman finally saw, in the mirror, that both Zoe and Tam were looking at her. She turned to Zoe with a puzzled expression.
So, do you come here a lot? Zoe said again, secretly amused in her head as it sounded like a bad pick-up line.
I am sorry. I dont speak English, said the woman with a very heavy accent that Zoe immediately recognized as Russian. 
Zoe asked her the same question again in Russian.
The woman gave a look of surprise, and then said, sounding hesitant, I work here. 
You work here? We work here too. Zoe pointed to Tam. This is Tam, and I am Zoe. Whats your name?
I should go. The woman turned and hurried out of the restroom.
What was all that about? said Tam.
I dont know, said Zoe. She didnt tell me her name. She just ran off. That was a little rude.
She seemed kind of sad.
Thats why I wanted to know whats going on. Shes always here in this restroom with a sad face on.
Ive seen her out there laughing and dancing with men though, said Tam. There were a few other women whom Ive definitely seen more than once or twice. Maybe they are all trying to get a boyfriend or something. Im seeing a lot of Asian girls too. Weird, Asian girls usually dont come to places like this.
What are you trying to say? We white girls are tramps or something?
Tam didnt back down. Who was the one kissing a punk with an eyebrow ring and tattoos all over his arms just five minutes ago?
Are you jealous? said Zoe. Yurik is not good enough for you anyway. I know you always think you are above us because your parents are rich and you go to a private school full of brats like you. 
Tam and Zoe stared at each other for a few seconds, and then they both laughed, bending over at the waists.
You are nuts, said Tam.
So are you, Miss, Piano, Competition, Loser, said Zoe. She was laughing so hard that she could barely get the words out.
Whatever.
Aiko and Nelly had been waiting at a table in front of the stage when Zoe and Tam returned. Nelly was doing a pencil sketch of Aiko, who was necking with her boyfriend visiting from a nearby university. Zoe looked around the nightclub to see if she could see the woman from the restroom. The woman had vanished. The band got back on stage and started playing another sequence of crowd pleasing songs.
When the nightclub closed for the night, Zoe said goodbye to her friends and waited for Yurik outside. It was the late June, and it was humid and warm in this tropical seaside town. Zoe enjoyed the breeze from the ocean, and thought the summer in Nha Trang much more delightful than the cool summers back in Novosibirsk. She fantasized living in Nha Trang indefinitely. What could be better than lounging on the beach all day and then playing the guitar all night? 
The sound of a motorcycle approached and came to a stop in front of Zoe. A police officer in a green uniform was on it. He removed his helmet and said to Zoe, What are you doing out this late at night?
Zoe looked up at the policeman, who appeared vaguely familiar. She said, Is there a curfew or something?
The police officer dismounted the motorcycle, and came toward Zoe. You were the girl playing the guitar in public without a permit.
Zoe recognized him, and immediately she could feel her heart beat faster and her face turn warmer. She was currently holding her guitar in its case. I am not playing in public now.
No, but why are you holding a guitar outside a nightclub? Are you playing in the nightclub?
Zoe didnt want to answer that.
Do you have any ID on you?
I didnt know I was supposed to carry an ID at all times, said Zoe. 
That means you dont have it, said the police officer. You are supposed to be eighteen years old before you can get a permit to work. Are you eighteen? 
Whats going on here? Yurik said as he and Boris came out of the nightclub. Yurik went to Zoe and immediately encircled her with his arm.
Im sorry. Is there a problem? said Boris. He gave Yuriks elbow a nudge.
Zoe didnt know if she should feel relieved that Boris and Yurik had come to her rescue. They were both a foot taller than the police officer, and much bulkier. She looked at the police officer, who did not seem the least bit concerned. 
The police officer said to Boris, Do you own this place?
I manage it, said Boris. His voice was as calm as always.
I was merely informing this young lady here that she needed to be eighteen years old to work. I asked her to show me her ID, but she didnt appear to have one.
Shes just waiting here for me, said Yurik. Im her boyfriend.
It would be wise to carry an ID on you at all times, especially since you are a foreigner, the police officer said to Zoe. He put his helmet back on and left on his motorcycle.
What is this, the Soviet Union? said Zoe. She was a little angry.
Dont forget that we are in an authoritarian country, said Boris, like the old Soviet Union. Try not to get in trouble with the law here. Boris walked away.
Zoe kicked the door of the nightclub and said, I wasnt doing anything at all.
Forget about it, said Yurik. Lets go back to my apartment. Im ready to lie down. Yurik gave Zoes waist a squeeze. 
They got into a car that Yurik had parked on the curb. Zoe rolled down the window to cool off in the wind. She reconsidered her fantasy to live in Nha Trang, and decided that, alas, this was probably too small a town to live anonymously for any length of time.
Chapter 12
Ivan was brushing his teeth in the bathroom when he heard his mother screaming. It was seven oclock in the morning. The pale sunlight was just now starting to turn a more intense gold. Ivan stopped for a moment to listen. After he determined that it was just a vocalization of his mothers usual nightmares, he resumed his teeth-brushing. 
The thought of Eduard popped into his head. His mothers nightmares had started around the time Eduard divorced her. Eduard had given him the skateboard three years ago, just after Eduard married his mother. Eduard taught him how to skateboard, and they spent many afternoons practicing different tricks in the park. Eduard was kind and patient, and knew the answers to all of his questions. Eduard never shouted or raised a hand, not even when his mother had ruined things for everyone. He lost the only normal family that he had ever known, and the only period of his life when he was actually happy, when Eduard simply left without a word. He missed Eduard terribly.
Ivans eyes were getting hot and wet, but he fought the tears back and finished grooming for the morning. He gave himself a big smile in the mirror. He had learned that when he pretended to be happy, he actually could end up feeling better for a short time. Moreover, he was headed to the summer camp for another day of fun, and Sofia was also going to meet him at the beach later that evening. So Ivan was indeed happy, although he was not confident that it would last very long judging from history.
When Ivan went to the kitchen for breakfast, Ana was putting a kettle on the stove to make tea. She had not brushed her hair, and was still wearing the shirt that Ivan saw her in the day before. Ivan could tell that she had been crying because her eyes were red and she was sniffling; that was not uncommon in the last few months, either. Ana was staring into space, and didnt seem to notice Ivan at all.
Ma, said Ivan.
Ana didnt answer. She was standing in front of the stove, looking straight at the wall.
Ivan didnt try again. He poured himself some cereal and milk in a bowl, and sat down at the table to eat. 
When a high-pitched whistle abruptly pierced the silence, Ana turned off the stove, and poured some hot water into a teacup. She then left the kitchen. Ivan saw her walk to Zoes room and knock on it. She went in, called out Zoes name a few times, and then she came out and sprinted to Ivans room. She called out Ivans name in a frantic voice. 
Ivan took a deep breath in and sighed and said to the direction of his room, Ma, I am in the kitchen.
Ana came back, saw Ivan, and exhaled deeply.
Thank goodness. I thought you were gone too. Ana picked up the teacup from the counter and sat down next to Ivan. Ivan wanted to tell her that he had been in the kitchen all this time, but decided to stay quiet.
Ana took a sip of the hot tea and said, Do you know where your sister is?
Ivan shrugged his shoulders.
I wonder if she came home last night, said Ana.
After a few more seconds of silence, Ivan said, I am going to the summer camp today, the one at the Institute of Oceanography. You should come and visit on your day off.
Ana let out a groan that vaguely suggested she heard what Ivan said, but Ivan knew that she wasnt really listening.
Mr. Nguyen is really cool, said Ivan. Hes teaching me loads of stuff about the dolphins, although I havent seen one yet around here. I get to feed the fish and the sea turtles. And this afternoon Mr. Nguyen is taking us out snorkeling. We are taking his boat to Hon Mun.
Ana nodded, sipped more tea, and then said, Do you miss Eduard?
Ivan didnt want to answer. He was slightly annoyed that Ana didnt pay any attention at all to what he just told her.
Im sorry I screwed it up, said Ana, but we are doing pretty well here so far, right? Ana set her teacup down on the table and looked at Ivan, who was just trying to finish his cereal as fast as he could.
Are you doing all right in school? said Ana. I know you will get excellent grades in all your classes like you always do.
Ivan got up and put his bowl and spoon in the sink.
I dont know what Zoe is up to. Shes always the troublemaker, said Ana. But she can play that guitar, and she can sing. I just hope she isnt running away again. I wonder where she is. I wish she would go to school like a normal teenager. Should I come and visit your teachers today?
School is out for summer, Ma, said Ivan. We finished a week ago.
What? And you are just now telling me that? So what have you been doing since school is over? You are out all day every day, Ana said with a surprised look on her face.
Ivan felt an anger rising from his chest, and he almost wanted to shout at Ana for being so absentminded. He tightened his fists, but managed to say calmly, Just hanging out with friends. Im going now. See you later, Ma. Ivan grabbed his skateboard and left the apartment.
He went almost everywhere in Nha Trang on his skateboard. From his apartment, it took him almost an hour to get to the Institute of Oceanography. He made several stops along the way to examine all the sights, even though he encountered pretty much the same stores and the same vendors with the same trinkets every day. 
After he arrived at the Institute of Oceanography, he spent two hours cleaning the saltwater pools with corals and tropical sea creatures including a variety of fish, reef sharks and sea turtles. He thought about Sofia as he worked. Ivan wanted to hold her hand when they walked on the beach, but he was always too nervous to do it. He thought about asking Misha or Viktor for advice, but he was afraid that they would just laugh at him, telling him that she was way out of his league. He sighed, and after a few minutes of agony he decided that it was good enough to be able to see Sofia every day for half an hour before sunset, walk on the beach together and share a durian smoothie afterward.
Well see you later, Vo. 
Ivan heard a voice behind him. He turned around and saw the camp counselor wave goodbye to a tall black man and a petite, presumably Vietnamese, woman.
Vo Nguyen walked up to the saltwater pools when Ivan was putting away the cleaning equipment.
I see a big smile on your face. Are you seeing your girlfriend later? said Vo.
She is not my girlfriend, Mr. Nguyen, said Ivan. We just hang out. He felt warm all of a sudden.
Vo chuckled and said, A boy and a girl go walking on the beach every evening just to hang out.
Well, said Ivan after some hesitation, I do sometimes wish that she were my girlfriend.
Vo looked at Ivan with a serious expression and said, Arent you a little too young to have a girlfriend? I dont think your parents will be okay with it.
My mother wouldnt care. She doesnt care about anything I do, as long as I get good grades.
Im sure your mother does care.
You dont know my mother, Mr. Nguyen. She didnt even notice when school was out for summer and that I had started coming to camp here.
Wait, said Vo, she had to know when she signed the registration form and paid the fees.
Ivan looked away for a moment, and then said, My mother is very forgetful. She registered me two weeks before school was out, and then she forgot all about it. This morning, she asked me whether she could meet my teachers, but schools been out a week.
Perhaps she just has a lot on her plate. You guys just moved to a foreign country and all.
They were quiet for a moment, and then Ivan said, So, you dont think that I should have a girlfriend?
You care about what I think? said Vo, looking at Ivan.
Of course, I want to be a good student.
Vo took a step back and said, You want to grab a Coke?
Ivan nodded. He and Vo walked toward the souvenir shop where snacks and drinks were also sold. Vo paid for their soft drinks, and they sat down on the low plastic stools.
Ivan, said Vo, you know you cant possibly fail this camp, right? I am not giving out grades here. And you have been an excellent student. Whether or not you have a girlfriend, as young as you are, is not up to me, and you dont need my permission to do anything outside of this place.
Ivan drank his Coca Cola, not knowing what to say. For some reason, he wanted to always please his counselor, and he respected his counselors opinions very much.
So, tell me more about this girl you are seeing? Vo took a sip of his cold drink.
Ivan hesitated for a few seconds, and then said, She is very smart.
And? 
She is very pretty.
And?
She likes durian smoothie.
Vo broke out laughing, then said, And you like her a lot?
Ivan nodded. 
Do you want her to be your girlfriend?
Well, I guess we are too young, like you said. Ivan lowered his head.
Young people can fall in love, too, said Vo. I fell in love with the prettiest girl I knew when I was younger than you are now.
I supposed I am, a little bit, in love. The last two words were almost inaudible.
Does she know?
I dont know how to tell her. 
There are some things in this world that, if you dont do it now, you will never get a chance to do it at all, said Vo.
Are you encouraging me to ask her to be my girlfriend, Mr. Nguyen?
No, said Vo. Im encouraging you to be honest with your feelings. I know you are not a rash young man, so Im not worried about you getting into trouble. I just want you to remember that its okay to talk about feelings with the people that you have those feelings for, good or bad. If they care about you, they will appreciate it.
I feel that you are an awesome counselor, said Ivan.
Vo seemed surprised to hear it. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. That was good practice.
Ivan took a deep breath and said, I want to hold her hand when we go walking on the beach. I am too afraid to ask.
Whats the worst thing that could happen if you ask?
She might leave, and wont see me ever again.
Whats the worst thing that could happen if you dont ask?
Ivan thought about it, and then said, She might become somebody elses girlfriend.
Which is the worse of the two scenarios for you?
Ivan had the answer right away, and a bright grin came upon his face. He took a big gulp of his Coca Cola.
Vo smiled, too, and said, Well, you dont have to tell me. But get your mind off this girl for a few minutes and go get ready for our snorkeling trip. We are going a bit far today. I want to leave early so that you can get to your date on time.
Vo stood up, and left Ivan there in the souvenir shop, drinking his bubbly with a silly hopefulness. He would ask Sofia this evening, and he would not regret it even if it turned out to be a total disaster. Mr. Nguyen was the best, and at least for the summer, he would have Mr. Nguyen to talk to and confide in, like he used to do with Eduard. But for now, he had better hurry and join the other camp students for another day of adventure at sea.

Chapter 13
Bye, Mr. Nguyen, said the students as they got out of Vos fishing boat at the Nha Trang Port after their snorkeling trip. Some of them were picked up by their parents, and others were just going to walk home on their own. The sun was still up in the late afternoon, and Ivan was in a hurry to go north on the beach to meet Sofia. He tripped over a step and fell, but got up without much apparent injury.
Be careful there, young man, said Vo.
Ivan gave a sheepish smile, and left on his skateboard.
Vo shook his head, and then sat down to survey the other boats in the port. He had bought a fishing boat as soon as he arrived in Nha Trang, one that had the traditional blue paint and red trims with a small pilothouse on it. He wondered if his late father had a fishing boat like this before the conflict between the two Vietnams escalated into war. 
He thought about how his father had taught him to operate a boat when the family settled in New Orleans. He and his father sailed all along the Louisiana state line portion of the Gulf of Mexico, and sometimes they ventured out even farther. They caught amberjacks and groupers, fish too big for Vo to wrestle with when he was a boy. They brought the catches back to their family restaurant in the Village de lEst, and his mother would prepare them fresh for the customers the very same day. She would cut up the big fish to make a traditional Vietnamese stew with tomatoes and coriander. For the small fish, she would just deep fry it whole in a wok and serve it with a lemongrass sauce. Occasionally they caught shrimp, crab, or crawfish, and his mother would prepare them in a boil with cayenne pepper, potatoes, and corn on the cobs, a recipe she learned from her Cajun neighbors.
Vo was already hungry after an afternoon of snorkeling with eight very energetic students, and reminiscing about his mothers cooking made his stomach growl even more. He wiped himself down with a wet towel, changed into a white linen shirt and a pair of khaki shorts, and confirmed that he no longer carried the smell of ocean and sweat with a quick sniff of his elbow. Then, he tied up the boat, got on his motorcycle and headed to Quan Bien Dong. 
When he arrived, a large group of tourists were in the middle of selecting their dishes with the assistance of all three waiters currently on duty. Vo could tell that they were speaking Chinese, because he also had encountered a fair number of Chinese tourists at the Institute of Oceanography and at the Sailing Club. Mr. Tran was busy chatting with the groups Vietnamese tour guide as well. Ana saw Vo come in and signaled him to take a seat in the back of the restaurant. He sat and waited patiently for the Chinese tourists to finish. It was another fifteen minutes before all the waiters left the group and went to the kitchen. Mr. Tran came and greeted Vo with a hand shake, and then hurried into the kitchen, too. Vo was starting to get antsy when Ana finally emerged again.
Sorry about that, said Ana, nodding her head toward the Chinese tourists.
Its no big deal, said Vo, smiling at Ana. They got here first. At least there is no one else here yet, except for me.
Ana smiled, but didnt say anything right away.
So hows your day? said Vo.
Not bad, said Ana. I started teaching Russian and I got three students already. Well, one of them is Mai, you know, the head chef here.
You should consider teaching me and my associates at the Sailing Club, too. We get a lot of Russian customers. Ill recommend you to my boss.
I dont know. If its too technical in terms of diving, I may not know how to say it in Russian, or English, for that matter.
They were silent for a moment, and then Ana said, I totally forgot to ask you what youd like to have.
Ill have two fried spring rolls, the grilled snapper, stir-fried pumpkin flowers with garlic, and a bowl of steamed rice.
Do you want a Saigon Beer, too?
Not tonight, said Vo. I only get a beer occasionally when Im out with a friend. Im really not much of a drinker. Ill just have a glass of iced water, please.
Good. Alcohol only gets people in trouble. I will be right back with your orders. Wait, I need to take care of those people first. Ana nodded toward the Chinese tourists again, and then disappeared into the kitchen.
Vo was peering at the Chinese tourists who were all engaged in animated conversations when McKenzie came in and sat down in front of Vo.
Hey. Mind if I join you? said McKenzie.
Of course not, said Vo. What brings you in here?
Same as what brings you in I suppose. McKenzie chuckled. Whats on the specials tonight? I am famished.
You are going to have to wait till those folks there get served. Vo looked toward the Chinese tourists as the waiters set down the plates on their table, which hardly had enough space for everything, with the chopsticks, spoons and glasses competing to stay on the surface as well.
Ana, McKenzie shouted when Ana finished serving the Chinese tourists. She came over.
What are you doing here? said Ana. She smiled at McKenzie.
Doesnt anyone know that when a man shows up at a restaurant, its usually because he is hungry? said McKenzie with a serious expression on his face.
All right then. What can I get for you?
McKenzie pointed to a picture on the menu and said, I would like to have the frogs with curry sauce, the mango salad, and iced coffee with condensed milk.
After Ana went to the kitchen, Vo and McKenzie whispered and started plotting a plan to lure the Chinese tourists to the Sailing Club Dive Center. They were laughing and joking when Ana returned with both Vos and McKenzies orders ten minutes later. 
Care to share the funny story? said Ana as she set down the plates.
Its just something silly, said Vo.
On that note, said McKenzie, I do have to ask you a silly question, Ana.
Go ahead.
You see, my ex-girlfriend announced her engagement to this guy that she just barely met, and she posted their photos all over the Internet. I wonder, Ana, if you would agree to pose for a few photos with me and just pretend to be my new girlfriend. I just want to show her that I am not as sorry as she thinks I am.
Ana didnt immediately answer. Vo raised his eyebrow, feeling dumbfounded by the request.
I know. Its really silly, said McKenzie. Its just that we have the same friends and I dont want to look like a loser. Ill understand if you dont want to do it, but you are the only lady I know here.
Its fine. I can do it, said Ana. Do you have a camera?
McKenzie produced his cell phone, and handed it over to Vo. Do you mind?
Vo reluctantly took over the cell phone and started photographing Ana and McKenzie as they posed as a couple engaged in various positions of embrace. Ana even sat on McKenzies lap and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
Okay, I think thats enough. Vo handed the cell phone back to McKenzie, and Ana got up from McKenzies lap.
I need to get back to work, said Ana as she started to turn away.
Wait, Ana, said McKenzie. Actually, I also wanted to ask you if you are free tomorrow morning to have breakfast with me at the Sunrise Coffee House.
Ana stopped and looked at Vo, and then she looked at McKenzie and said, Yes, Id love to.
They decided on a time to meet before Ana went to help the other customers. Vo and McKenzie ate quietly for a while. Vo had lost the cheerful spirit that he had come into the restaurant with, and was not in the mood for chatting. McKenzie finally broke the silence.
I like Ana, said McKenzie. I actually would be thrilled if she were my girlfriend for real.
You havent known her that long, yet, said Vo. 
I am attracted to her. Did you know she used to be in a punk rock band? She was into the riot grrrl stuff, can you believe it? She played a cassette tape for me the other day, music her band made back in the nineties. She played the rhythm guitar, and she got this raw and powerful voice. Almost made me wish I was in her band, too.
Youve been spending a lot of time together? 
Weve hung out a few times. Shes a little mysterious, wont say much about her past really, except that she is single with two kids.
McKenzie paused to take a sip of his coffee, and then continued to say, She kept her apartment spotless, everything in its place. The dcor was simple and elegant. And her photographs are amazing. I saw the portraits hanging on the walls of her bedroom; each of them seems to be telling a different story. And there are these seascapes
You were in her bedroom? Vo swallowed hard.
She just took me there to show me her photographs. Her landlady didnt want her to hang them in the living room. I dont see why not. They are masterpieces. As I was saying, the seascapes are spiritual, and I feel almost enlightened whenever I see them.
Vo didnt say anything for the rest of the meal. McKenzie made a few more comments about his life but Vo didnt pay any attention. They finished their meal and gave Ana a big tip before they left. McKenzie went to walk on the beach, with the intention to visit the bar at the Sailing Club later. Vo turned down the invitation, and got on his motorcycle. The food was excellent, but instead of satisfaction, Vo felt disappointment. He fought the urge to go back in the restaurant. Ana seemed to be quite taken with McKenzie, and that was that.
Chapter 14
When Vo returned to his apartment, he heard water flowing and dishes clanking in the kitchen. 
Hey, Vo, said Vidal. He was cleaning and putting away the dishes.
Vo grabbed a cold bottle of water from the refrigerator. He looked at the dish rack full of wet plates, bowls and utensils. Was Kim here?
Yes, she was. We were both sorry that you had to miss dinner, again.
I told you my schedule is erratic, said Vo. Kim knows it, too. She really shouldnt be spending all this time preparing meals for me. How does she work forty hours a week as a nurse in the ER and still find time to shop for groceries and cook? Vo sat down at the kitchen table.
Thats why shes amazing, said Vidal. Thats why your mother wants you to marry her.
Vo didnt respond to that comment.
Anyway, I benefit, too, said Vidal. I get to eat all her authentic Vietnamese cooking.
I thought you had enough of that from my mom growing up, said Vo.
Its different. The ingredients are different. I mean, your moms cooking is to die for, but she cant get some of the spices and herbs you can only get here. Folks here also make things a little differently. For one thing, I have not had any fried eggrolls since I got here, only fried spring rolls. Have you noticed that?
Okay, said Vo. I am glad you are having the culinary adventure of your life.
Vo, I wish you would pay more attention to Kim. Shes trying real hard and learning English real fast, too. Shell be ready when you take her to the States.
Who says I am going back to the States? 
You never told me you intended to live here forever.
Well. I am telling you now.
It doesnt make a difference to Kim. I am sure. Her family will be glad if you both stay here, said Vidal. He put the last dish away and dried his hands.
Why are you so eager to help? said Vo.
You know why.
No. Please elaborate.
You are doing it again. You snap at people for no reason. You are getting more and more irritable every day and I dont even know how to have a civilized conversation with you anymore.
Maybe I just snap at you because you get on my nerves. Vo stood up to leave.
You were not like this before Colette died, said Vidal.
Vo stopped, and felt a sting in his chest.
You left New Orleans because it was torture for you to stay there, because I was there to remind you of Colette. I guess my presence here is causing you pain, isnt it? Vidal took a step toward Vo.
Vo took a deep breath to suppress the heat that was rising in his stomach. He wanted to go to his room, to leave Vidal to his soliloquy, but he was temporarily transfixed, now that Colettes name was brought up.
And I am sorry I chased you down, but I couldnt stay in New Orleans anymore, either. I need a break, and I want to talk to you. Youve always been like a brother to me, said Vidal. I am sorry that Colette betrayed you. She betrayed me, too. And then before I could figure out what happened, she died. You shut me off, and then left New Orleans without saying goodbye. I lost my twin sister and my best friend all at the same time. How do you think I feel?
Vo was speechless. He was not prepared to talk about Colette.
Vidal continued. When your mother sent me here to help you and Kim, I was glad she gave me an excuse to come and stay with you for a while. I thought that perhaps now we could really talk things out, and I could have my best friend back.
Vo stood still. His whole body was tense now, and he was drowning once again in the disorienting emotions that he had failed to sort out since Colettes death. 
Are you going to say anything? said Vidal.
Vo shook his head as he turned around to face Vidal. Why cant you leave me alone? I was doing fine on my own. Why do you take it upon yourself to mess with my life? You need a break. Use your lawyer dollars and take a fancy vacation somewhere else. Make a new best friend.
I cant believe you are saying this, said Vidal. Have you forgotten what weve been through growing up together? Weve always had each others back. It was my fault that Colette ran off with a total stranger a month before she was to marry you. Ive regretted taking her to the office party and introducing her to that scumbag ever since. 
Stop, Vidal.
But she paid for it, said Vidal. She paid for it. She got punished for breaking your heart, for breaking all of our hearts. She got punished even though we didnt ask for any punishment. She got punished. Oh how she got punished. 
Stop!
When she was killed because her boyfriend had a little too much to drink and decided to drive anyway, I knew the Lord had smitten her down.
Vo stroked his forehead with his hand, and closed his eyes for a moment to process his chaotic thoughts. He lowered his shoulders and said to Vidal quietly, But I did.
You did what?
Ask for the punishment, said Vo, trying to steady his voice. I prayed for it. I hated her so much. I prayed for her to be punished, and she got punished. I killed her. The car crash that killed her, I prayed for it.
Vidal was taken aback by Vos statement. Vo, said Vidal softly, you dont seriously believe that Colette died because of an angry curse.
Vo sat down, and put both elbows on the table so that he could hold his head in his hands. After a few seconds of silence, Vo said, I wanted her to die. God knows, I wanted to die. When she called off the wedding and I found out that she had been cheating, my whole world turned upside down. I felt like I had died and landed in hell.
Vidal listened quietly. 
Vo continued. But when it really happened, when she really died, I realized that I never stopped loving her even when she had broken me down to pieces. The few weeks of pain she caused me was nothing compared to nearly four decades of love and lives that we shared with each other. And yet I was selfish, so selfish that I couldnt just give her away to another person she decided was better than me somehow, so selfish that I wished her a rotten life. And it did rot, and so fast, too. And now Im mad at myself for wishing it, for not being grateful that I had gotten to know her in the first place at all. She left this world thinking that I hated her, and I just cant stand the thought of it. I loved her. I love her still now. Ive forgiven her, but how I wish Id let her know before she died.
Vo and Vidal sat without exchanging a word for the next few minutes. Vo was mourning for Colette. Up until this point he had bottled up his emotions and tossed it at sea, choosing instead a life of an exile. But now the bottle, broken, had drifted ashore in pieces, and all the emotions returned, jagged and distorted, capable of producing even worse wounds.
What took you so long to tell me all that? said Vidal.
I dont know. My head was split in ten different directions. Still is, said Vo. I wish Id married her right after college, instead of working on my stupid PhD and then all that postdoc research with travels that kept me away from what was really important. She never told me why she went for the other guy, but I guess she did it to run away from me, because I had put my career before her. Vo stood up. Ive got to lie down. Sorry, Ive been a total jerk.
I am to blame, too. I just want my old pal back.
I know you are hard to get rid of, said Vo, following it with a sniffle. His eyes and nose were burning. He tried to smile, but his muscles were still too tense.
So, you really dont care for Kim? said Vidal
Shes like a sister to me, said Vo.
Your mother is not going to be happy.
Well worry about that later. Vo turned and started walking toward his room. 
Chapter 15
So, said McKenzie, my three-year-old nephew said, I dont want to grow up to be a clown. I want to be a statue. He held up an arm, pretending to be the Statue of Liberty.
Ana laughed, and mused on McKenzies face as he tried to look serious. It was always delightful to have McKenzie around. He had a way of brightening up her day that made her forget her problems. Even if it was only for one minute, it was priceless. 
The apartment door opened, and Zoe came in.
Zoe, said Ana. She was surprised to see Zoe, who hadnt been home for weeks. She got up from the bench.
McKenzie also got up from his chair. Zoe seemed to be headed toward her bedroom, but she had to go through the living room first. She stood in front of McKenzie, studying him from head to toe. Her look was somewhat hostile.
McKenzie extended a hand to Zoe and said, I am McKenzie. I have seen your band in Rocking Waves. You guys are pretty cool.
Thanks, said Zoe. She did not shake McKenzies hand, and he withdrew it.
Your mother and I were just talking about taking a bus trip to Dalat to get away from the heat a bit, said McKenzie, rubbing his hands together. We can stay at a lakeside hotel and go mountain-biking. Id love to sample the coffee of the Central Highlands. Its hard to believe that Vietnam is the second largest coffee-exporting country in the world.
Zoe gave a nod and said, Sounds good. Have fun. She went to her room, closing the door behind her.
Im so sorry, said Ana. I havent been very good in helping Zoe with her manners.
Shes great. She acknowledged me at least. Thats rare for a teenager these days, said McKenzie. So, what do you think? You want to come to Dalat with me?
I dont think so. I cant leave Ivan here.
I want him to come, too, and Zoe, said McKenzie.
I cant get time off from work, either.
You should at least try.
Ill think about it, said Ana. I have to talk to Zoe. Do you mind if we call it a day?
Sure. Thanks for agreeing to take me on as a student and teach me Russian. Poka.
Ana smiled and said, Poka. She saw McKenzie out of the apartment, and then she went to Zoes room, and knocked on the door.
Open the door, Zoe.
The door remained closed. Ana tried to open it but it was locked from the inside. Ana kept knocking and yelling for Zoe to open the door. A few minutes later, Zoe opened the door and came out with her backpack over her shoulder. The backpack was bulging at the seams, apparently overstuffed with Zoes belongings.
Can I have my passport? said Zoe.
Why do you need it? said Ana.
Zoe rolled her eyes, shook her head, and started walking toward the door of the apartment.
Where are you going? Ana grabbed Zoes arm as she moved through the living room.
Zoe tried to shake her mothers hand off but the grip was too strong. She said, I am done living with you. Let me go.
Zoe, I thought we were doing okay. Can we talk, please? I dont want you to go. 
You are doing okay, and I am doing okay. But the two of us together under one roof? Not okay, said Zoe.
Zoe, tell me what Im doing wrong. Ive been trying really hard since Eduard left us. Ive been keeping a regular job. If fact I have two jobs. Im almost always home when Im not working at the restaurant or running errands. Im always here for you now. I mean, weve had a couple of arguments since we got here, but nothing had gone majorly wrong. Right?
Zoe didnt answer.
Why cant you stay here? Why cant you stay with me?
You know, a few months of niceness does not undo a decade of poor mothering. I gave up on you a long time ago. You can try as hard as you want, but I am not about to forgive you any time soon.
Ana let go of Zoes arm, and took a few steps back in disbelief of Zoes candidness. Her tears were welling up in her eyes, and she said with a trembling voice, I thought we were going to start over, clean slates and all.
Unfortunately, said Zoe, my slates are too scratched up to ever be clean again.
But where are you staying? How do you support yourself?
Dont worry about that. Zoe began to move toward the door.
Wait, Zoe, said Ana, I know I havent been a good mother. I am trying to be. Cant you give me another chance?
Ive given you many chances before and you screwed up all of them. Anyway, its true I cant stand living with you, but right now Im leaving because I want to be on my own. Im old enough to want that and Im old enough to be able to do it. Im just doing what you used to do, making a living playing guitar in a band, and enjoying life.
And you like how I end up, too? 
You said it yourself. You are doing okay. So I guess Ill be all right, too.
Zoe, I love you. You are destroying me. You are my child. I need you. I want you with me, said Ana. She couldnt stop her tears anymore.
You didnt want me when you handed me over to Prababushka after Papa died. You just kicked me aside so you could go and party with strangers.
No, Zoe, thats not how it was. I was sad, and heartbroken. I was not partying. I couldnt handle your papas death alone. I had to be with people. I was grieving. You have no idea.
No, I have no idea how you grieved by going out with random men and getting yourself knocked up in the process, said Zoe. You dont even know who Ivans papa was. Why do you lie to him and make him think my papa was his papa, too? I wouldve told him the truth if I didnt worry about his feelings. Unlike you, I actually do care about Ivan a great deal.
Ana felt that if her hand had its own mind it would have slapped Zoe in the face already, but she knew that Zoe was right. Ana was too ashamed to come up with anything to defend herself.
Zoe continued to say, Anyway, Ivans still a kid. Maybe you still have a chance with him. Just channel all this love you have for me to him. Where is Ivan anyway? Its almost eight oclock. Zoe looked around, and then she said, Well, I must get going. Dont think of it as me running away. Think of it as me growing up and moving out. Youll feel better that way. Zoe turned around and left the apartment. Ana didnt have the courage or the strength to stop her again.
Ana wiped her tears with her hands. She started walking toward the kitchen. She needed to make some tea to calm her nerves. She noticed that the door to Ivans room was ajar, and she decided to go in. She hadnt seen Ivan since she came home. She had been out on her Monday errands all day, and then came home and gave Russian lessons to three students, including McKenzie. She remembered that Ivan told her about attending a summer camp; maybe he was still there. 
Zoe was right, thought Ana. She hadnt been paying much attention to Ivan. For one thing, she could hardly deal with her own demons, and Zoes problems took an additional toll. Thankfully, Ivan never was a troublemaker, and always a superior student at school. She was neglectful, but he seemed to be doing fine on his own. Even the bullying had stopped since Ivan started school in Nha Trang, or at least she hadnt heard any report in that regard. 
It was dark, so Ana instinctively turned on the light. Right next to the light switch was Ivans desk, and on it there was a double photo frame. In one picture, Leo was showing off his prison tattoo on his right arm, and in the other picture, Eduard had his arm around Ivan, who was holding a skateboard. When Ivan was three years old and started watching television, he learned that little children and often had papas in their families. He began to pester his mother to tell him who his papa was, and bedtime was frustrating for Ana because Ivan would refuse to sleep. Eventually Ana showed him that picture of Leo, and told him that was his papa. Ivan was satisfied, and he had believed it ever since. Ana told him that his papa was not around because he got very ill and died. 
Ana looked at the picture of Eduard and Ivan, and she sighed. She knew that Ivan had really bonded with Eduard, and looked up to Eduard as a father. She blamed herself for breaking up the father-and-son relationship that Ivan had yearned for all his life.
Anas hair stood up when she heard a sound behind her. She turned around, and saw Ivan curled up in fetal position in his bed, sobbing. His body was quivering. 
Ivan, Ana called out softly.
Ivan sat up and Ana could see that his face was wet with tears. He gave her a biting stare, and cried out harshly. He said, Is that why you dont love me? Because I am just a product of your one night stand, which you completely forgot about? Go away. Leave. Ivan threw himself back down and covered his head with the pillow.
Ivan.
Go, away.
Ana didnt protest any further. Her chance with Ivan had just been once again smeared by her own carelessness. She turned off the light and left the room.
Chapter 16
No problem. Leave it here, said the owner of a small musical instrument store in Nha Trang. 
Zoe had come into this store to get new strings for her guitar. She was also looking for a drummer for her band. They couldnt exactly play gothic metal without a drummer. She hadnt had much luck so far. She set a stack of fliers down at the counter next to the cash register and said, Thanks so much.
Dont hurry to go, said the owner. Look around. We have good guitars, if you want something more modern. He was looking at Zoes vintage Vox Mark VI, which she quickly replaced in its case. 
Zoe didnt have anything else to do at the moment, so she happily complied. She began by browsing the guitars, but she soon discovered the more intriguing traditional Vietnamese instruments. She picked up a mallet and tapped on a few bars of the bamboo xylophone, constructed like a ladder with the shortest cylinder on top. Then she came to admire the flute, and pictured in her mind a farmer playing a cheery tune after a hard days work in the rice paddies of the countryside. Next she stopped to ponder the possibility of creating a melody on the two-stringed moon lute that was shaped like a banjo. She was plucking the strings out of curiosity when she heard a distinct mournful melody coming from the far corner of the store.
She saw a man sitting in front of an instrument that had only one string, stretched horizontally over a wooden box. The string was tied to a vertical rod at one end of the instrument. The song was simple, and yet it evoked a profound emotion. It seemed to be an instrument from an ancient time, and Zoe could almost hear the convoluted epic of the Vietnamese people and their land since history began. There were moments of joy and periods of sadness, united by a pervasive peaceful spirituality that was at the heart of the nation of Vietnam. Even though she had still felt like a visitor after almost four months in Nha Trang, at that moment she felt like she was home. For the first time in many years, she was anchored.
The music suddenly stopped, and the man looked up at Zoe.
Its the guitar player, said the man, who was wearing a T-shirt and a pair of khaki shorts with sandals.
It took Zoe a minute, but she recognized him to be the policeman she had run into twice before. She was a little embarrassed, and she turned around. She wanted to leave before she got into any more trouble.
The policeman stood up and said, Hey, you dont have to run. Im not on duty. Besides, youre not doing anything obviously criminal here.
Zoe stopped and turned. Obviously criminal? She was a little offended.
Im sorry, said the policeman. I hope that you are not scared of me. Im not always out just to catch law breakers.
Thats supposed to make me feel better?
It is true that most of the time when we policemen interact with people, its because some laws have been broken. But people forget that we help them when they are in need, too, and we like to know the people we serve. So, my name is Tuan Le. Whats your name?
Zoe didnt think that she could be served or helped by any member of the Vietnamese police force. She said, I dont know if I should tell you. You might start an investigation on me.
Tuan chuckled and said, I swear I wont.
I heard the police is very corrupt here, so I dont trust you.
Did you just say that I am corrupt to my face? Tuan raised an eyebrow, as if accusing Zoe of defamation.
Point exactly. Im getting out of here. Zoe turned toward the door again.
Tuan walked in front of Zoe and said, I apologize for making you so uncomfortable. You can trust me. I am not corrupt.
I still dont see the need to tell you my name.
Id like us to be friends, said Tuan. We have met three times. This is some kind of fate.
Zoe could feel her face turn a little warm, and she resisted smiling at Tuan. She said, I have friends. I am not sure I want to be friends with you.
Okay, said Tuan, we dont have to be friends. I will go back to playing the n bu. I was going to show you how it worked, since you play the guitar and seem interested in our one-stringed instrument. Tuan went back to the corner of the store.
Zoe hesitated for a few seconds, and gave in. She walked to Tuan, and introduced herself. My name is Zoe. Zoe Romanova. Im from Russia.
Tuan extended his hand, and Zoe shook it. 
I figured youre from Russia. Most white people we see nowadays are from Russia. Good thing you speak English, so we can talk to each other. I live here now, but Im from Hanoi.
So you are a police officer, said Zoe. You look a little young.
I dont like to brag, said Tuan, but I was on a fast track, and I finished high school and university early, university being the Peoples Police Academy in Hanoi. Im starting at the bottom though. I am what some might call a junior lieutenant, the lowest ranking police officer.
Zoe was impressed with this fact, but she tried not to show it. Instead, she pointed to the one-stringed instrument and said, Whats it called again?
Its called n bu. I learned to play this from my mother. Do you want to try? Tuan gestured for Zoe to sit down, and she agreed.
Tuan showed her how to press the string down with the pinky side of her right hand while plucking the string with a long plectrum held between the thumb and index finger of the same hand. He showed her how to play the pentatonic scale by plucking at different points of the string. Then he showed her how to alter the pitch of each sound by using the left hand to manipulate the vertical rod, which also made the sound resonate when it was shaken back and forth rapidly.
Wow, this is like the whammy bar on my guitar, said Zoe. She was fascinated.
Exactly, said Tuan.
Zoe got up from the chair, and asked Tuan to play another tune on the n bu.
Tuan sat down to play another soulful song. Zoe closed her eyes. She couldnt explain the sensation she was feeling in her chest; it was a combination of sorrow and yearning, a sense of nostalgia for the past and a glimpse of hope for the future. 
Tuan got up after the song and said, So, you came here just to look at the instruments?
I came to get some strings, said Zoe. And I am looking for someone to play drums for my band.
You have a band?
Yes. We play at the Rocking Waves. You should come and see us sometimes.
So you do work at that nightclub, said Tuan, looking straight into Zoes eyes.
Zoe realized her mistake, and did not say anything back.
Dont worry. I wont bother you there again, now that we are friends, said Tuan with a smile. I do hope that you are of legal age to work, but Im not going to investigate a friend.
Zoe relaxed a little, but she wasnt going to give away her age just yet.
Well, said Tuan, I happen to know someone who owns a set of drums and plays well. 
Is this friend a girl? We are an all-girl band.
Yes, a girl. She is a neighbor of mine. She might be interested in your band.
Could you please give her my contact information? Zoe handed him a flyer. And let her know that we play gothic metal. I hope she likes that genre. But at this point, we are desperate for someone, anyone, to hit the drums, period.
Gothic metal. Whats that? 
Im sure you can find music videos of that genre online. Or, you could just come to the club and listen to us. We would sound much better if we could get your friend to do the drums.
I will ask her tonight, said Tuan. Im quite busy so I may not be able to see you play. Ill warn you though; nightclubs are not safe for young girls like you.
My boyfriend works there, too, and he takes care of me, said Zoe.
Tuan raised an eyebrow again. He seemed surprised at first, and then he had a look of sudden realization on his face.
Your boyfriend looked dangerous, said Tuan, shaking his head.
No, he isnt. He is the sweetest, said Zoe. I stay with him now.
You stay with him? What does that mean? Youre living with your boyfriend? Tuan seemed to be taken aback.
You have a problem with that?
Tuan was a little red in the face. I guess you two are getting married soon.
Zoe broke out in laughter. Who said anything about getting married? Im not even sure I love him.
Then why do you live with him? Tuan furrowed his brow.
You wouldnt understand, said Zoe. She couldnt admit that she didnt know why she was living with Yurik, either. She liked Yurik a lot, but she was probably doing it more for survival than for any romantic sentiment.
I bet you yourself dont even know why, said Tuan sharply. Zoe was stunned to hear it.
Tuan continued to say, The time is changing I guess. Some Vietnamese girls are living with their boyfriends, too, especially in the cities. They hide it from their parents, though, usually. How about you? Do your parents know?
Yes, my mother knows, and shes fine with it. Zoe told a small lie.
I assume your mother is here in Nha Trang?
She is, and since you are my friend, I hope that you leave her alone.
Why, does she get in trouble with the law often?
Zoe was flabbergasted. You have a way with words.
You are offended. I am sorry. I dont sugarcoat what I want to say. Tuan shrugged his shoulders. Anyway, just be careful in that club. There are things going on there that you dont know anything about.
You are patronizing me. I know everything. I work there nearly every night.
Just keep a sharp eye on the people there. At least, let me know if you see anything that troubles you. I trust that you are a morally good person. Anyway, need a ride? I got an extra helmet.
Are you riding your police motorcycle? Zoe was somewhat excited as she imagined herself riding on one.
No. I told you Im off duty. Youre coming or not? Tuan walked toward the exit. He waved at the shop owner to say goodbye.
Wait, Im coming, said Zoe. She grabbed her guitar and hurriedly followed Tuan out of the store.
Chapter 17
It was a breezy summer afternoon, and Ana decided to take a stroll on the beach. Sunset was about an hour away, and the water had gone from a bright emerald to a deep sapphire. The waves were picking up as the tide began to rise. Ana could see a full moon on the horizon. She had tied her hair up in a side ponytail, and it brushed her face softly whenever the wind blew. Her long white dress with a turquoise dip dye on the bottom was also billowing as she walked. She was feeling blissful, for some reason. 
She recalled the activities she had undertaken earlier in the day. She had first hired a taxi to take her to the Ba Ho Stream for a hike, and then she swam in the three pools surrounded by boulders and waterfalls. Following that, she went for a long and restorative mud bath at the Thap Ba Hot Springs. She returned to town for lunch, and had bnh canh ch c, a local specialty featuring fried fish cakes and noodles in a fish broth, which was lighter and sweeter, more tantalizing to her palate than the ubiquitous ph made with a beef broth. Afterward, she went home and gave Russian lessons to two students. When she checked her e-mail just before she set out for the beach, she discovered that she was the first place winner of an online photography contest, and that a check of one hundred U.S. dollars would be coming her way.
Ana relished the small joys of her new life in Nha Trang, especially since it was apparent that the relationship between her and her children would not mend any time soon. The hopefulness she felt when she first arrived in Nha Trang was rapidly deteriorating. Zoe had not called or come to visit since she moved out. Ana could always go to Rocking Waves to see Zoe, but she wouldnt go, imprisoned by her guilt, shame, anger and pride. Ivan seemed to avoid Ana, and wouldnt even acknowledge her presence when he saw her. He had practically stopped talking to her all together. 
The sun was setting behind the hotels and the apartment buildings as Ana looked toward the ocean, marveling at the sky, feathery streaks of pink orange painted on a grayish blue canvas. The locals were gathering again to socialize as the tourists left. There was a playground, and children were laughing and shouting at one another as they took turns to go on the slide and the swings. Ana inhaled the soft breeze that was blowing in from the sea. In her heart, a small flame of hope kept burning, and the wind, rather than extinguish it, amplified it.
As she walked, she began to notice a figure approaching her from the other direction. When she recognized who it was, her buoyant mood was elevated even more. 
Hi, Vo, said Ana with a smile. 
Vo was wearing blue jeans with a white button-down shirt half tucked. He was also smiling at Ana.
Ana, not taking any photos? He looked around her as if trying to locate her camera.
Ana was not carrying anything at all. She said, Im just taking in the scenery here. She pointed to her head.
Yes, its important to look through the lenses you were born with sometimes, said Vo. They both laughed.
Mind if I walked with you a bit? said Vo.
Not at all, said Ana, but you were walking in the other direction.
I was not going anywhere in particular, said Vo.
They started walking in the direction that Ana was going. 
You and I have met several times, said Vo, but we havent really gotten to know each other.
Thats true. What do you want to know?
Well, I do know a few things about you because McKenzie has been talking about you so much. He likes you a lot.
It means that he only tells you the good things about me, right?
Are there any bad things about you? said Vo.
Ana didnt say anything back.
How long are you staying in Nha Trang? said Vo.
Originally, said Ana, I planned to stay here for a year. I have fallen in love with Nha Trang, however, and I am thinking about living here indefinitely.
Ana thought that she saw a satisfied grin on Vos face before he went on to ask Ana why she had decided to move to Nha Trang.
Long story short, I was suffocating in my hometown for personal reasons, and I was tired of the climate. I saw a travel brochure about Nha Trang, and I took the chance.
That was a very brave thing to do, said Vo.
What about you? You grew up in the United States. What made you come back?
Ah, I was also suffocating in my hometown for personal reasons.
Ana raised an eyebrow, as if accusing Vo of mocking her.
For real, but I sense that you dont want to talk about your long story, and I dont, either. Temperature wise, New Orleans is not bad. We have great food and music.
Id like to visit New Orleans in the future, said Ana. I had not visited another country before I came to Nha Trang. As a matter of fact, other than my honeymoon to Anapa by the Black Sea, I had not been outside of my hometown of Novosibirsk my entire life. How about you? Have you travelled much?
I was fortunate in that regard, said Vo. After high school I went on a long backpacking trip. I worked as a deckhand on cargo ships in order to move among continents and islands. And then when I got into marine biology, my research took me just about all over the world.
I envy you, said Ana. 
A moment of silence later, Vo said, You went on a honeymoon, but you are here alone.
Im not exactly alone. My kids came with me. My daughter will turn seventeen soon, and my son is eleven, said Ana.
And the husband?
We are divorced, said Ana in a low voice.
I see, said Vo.
Ana took a deep breath and said, So, I heard that you are to marry soon. Kims father is a big investor of Quan Bien Dong, and my boss Mr. Tran talks of you two just about every day.
Vo laughed and said, My mother is trying to set us up. Kims mother and my mother used to go to school together before my family left in 1975. Kims father became a businessman a decade later when the Vietnamese government pushed for the economic reform, and he made money brokering deals between fishermen and boat manufacturers. Now he owns quite a few restaurants and hotels, too.
Sounds like a good match, said Ana, looking away.
Vo stopped walking and said, Are you hungry?
A little, said Ana. It was dark now, and Ana had been walking for quite some time. She was more than a little hungry.
My motorcycle is right here. Vo pointed to the curb of the promenade where a row of motorcycles were parked. Have you been to Lac Canh? 
Ana shook her head. 
Then, you are missing out on a local tradition, said Vo. Lets rectify it. 
Ana donned the helmet and hopped on the backseat of the motorcycle with both legs dangling to one side. 
Youd better hold on to me. I dont want you to fall off, said Vo.
After some deliberation, Ana had no choice but to put her arms around Vos waist. Vo took off and they fell into the bustle of the city traffic. Ana could feel the heat emanating from Vos body, and smell the slight saltiness in his shirt. Although she felt a little nervous, and her heart was pounding like it did every time she was around Vo, she was somehow at ease. It seemed natural to be riding on Vos motorcycle, her face taking in the cool air from the sea.
They were seated on a table next to the sidewalk when they got to the restaurant Lac Canh. The waiter set down a clay stove filled with burning coal in front of them. Vo ordered a plate with slices of raw beef, chicken, squid and whole shrimp in shells, and promptly grilled them on the stove over a wire mesh. The sizzling smoke with the aroma of the marinade rose in front of Ana and made both her eyes and mouth water. The restaurant was packed with locals as well as a few tourists. Everyone seemed to be enjoying the food and all engaged in excited chatters. 
Ana started eating eagerly as soon as Vo took the meat off the grill. Ana did not even try to eat like a lady as convention had dictated.
Slow down, Ana, said Vo. You are going to choke. You want something to wash it down with? 
Before Ana could answer, Vo had said something to the waiter, who quickly brought over two bottles of chilled Saigon Beer.
Vo set a bottle down in front of Ana and raised his bottle. Dont tell me you dont drink.
Ana hesitated for a few seconds, and thought that she had better turn it down. But she was feeling so good, so happy, the company was wonderful, and she was thirsty.
Ana bit her lower lip, then raised her bottle and tapped it on Vos. Za zdarovje! As we say in Russia.
They both took a drink of the cold beer. Ana was instantly satisfied. The beer was necessary to enhance, and at the same time balance, the bold flavors of the barbeque. This was a pleasure she hadnt experienced for quite a while, and yet it felt so familiar, so intimate, and so potent.
That was really, really good, said Ana, somewhat tipsy, more from the atmosphere and overall sense of wellbeing than from the sip of beer. 
Do you want to go out on the sea with me on your next day off? said Vo. I know a great little island with white sand beach and water as clear as glass. We can go on my boat.
Sure, why not? 
Ana felt like she would do anything Vo asked her to do at this point. She remembered the fiance, but decided not to bring that up. She was having a good time, and she was just going to let it roll. 
Chapter 18
Lan Nguyen was in her late sixties. Her black hair with a few streaks of gray was tied up in a bun. There were a few wrinkles on her face, but no liver spots or sagging skin to give away her age. She wore a light green linen pant suit with well-cushioned brown leather sandals. Her suitcase was tucked away in the trunk of the taxi, and her large shoulder bag was lying on her lap. She had just been picked up from the Cam Ranh Airport, and was headed toward Nha Trang. This was the first time she had ever visited Vietnam since she left nearly four decades ago.
Lan last saw Nha Trang a few weeks before Saigon fell in 1975. Her husband was in the South Vietnamese Navy at the time. When the word came that it was time to leave, Lan was at home with four children, ages ranging from nine months to nine years. She had not received any communication from her husband in a few weeks, and no one knew whether he was dead or alive. She had to pack up a few valuables and personal items in a hurry, as there was barely any time to prepare for the evacuation. The North Vietnamese forces were sweeping south at an astonishing speed. Lan wasnt hopeful that she and her children would be able to evacuate, as there were so many people in the same situation who were trying to leave, and some of those had more influence in terms of money or power to get in the front of the line. She had to try anyway. She couldnt just wait and see what was going to happen when the new government took hold. Her husband had inherited a piece of farm land just north of Nha Trang. She was helping to manage it while her husband was away, overseeing two farm hands that produced enough rice and vegetables to allow for a relatively comfortable living for the family. Furthermore, they were Catholics. She had heard about the persecution, and even execution, of landowners and Catholics up north, and she wasnt going to be a sitting duck. 
The two older children walked on their own, each carrying a small sack of food and water for the family. Lan tied the then nine-month-old to her back using a large piece of cloth, and held the three-year-old in her arms with a large, heavy bag hanging from one shoulder. They tried to walk as fast as they could to the air base, but they ended up almost running as thousands of other countrymen were also heading in the same direction, rushing to get on the planes. Cars and motorcycles clogged the streets, and at times it was impossible to move forward. Surprisingly, the children did not fuss under such stressful atmosphere. They made it to the air base just as the last helicopter took to the air. Lan, along with a mass of other civilians, waited until it was clear that no aircraft was returning that day. The horde started to move south, and Lan commanded her children to follow.
The port of Nha Trang was a sight to behold. All the American civilians had long been ferried off to the aircraft carriers about twenty miles off the coast. A dozen American soldiers, carrying semi-automatic rifles, remained on land in an attempt to guide the Vietnamese evacuees on to the last two U.S. Navy ships with some kind of order, but people were climbing aboard in all sorts of manners out of desperation. Others took to the local fishing boats and cargo ships, which were all overloaded with refugees already. Lan and her children tried to push their way out to the front of the crowd, but others pushed them back. Lan was sweating from carrying two toddlers and the heavy bag, and her heart was pounding in anxiety. She looked around, trying to find a way to get onto any of the vessels.
Lan! Lan!
Someone was shouting her name, and she looked toward the source of the sound, peering over the heads of what seemed like a million people. She saw someone waving at her, someone who was about to step on the gangway to one of the U.S. Navy ships. It was Dr. Dat Nguyen, a medical doctor who lived on her street, and who had treated her family for many years.
She saw Dr. Nguyen talk to an American soldier, cupping his hands to filter out the noise. Then, the American soldier came and gestured for her and her children to follow him. The other refugees wanted to go along, but the soldier pushed them back with his rifle. When they got to the gangway, Dr. Nguyen told them to get on board. Lan did not stop to question, and she quickly herded her children onto the ship.
Dr. Nguyen talked to Lan briefly before he went off to look for his family members. He had been given priority to board so that he could care for the large number of refugees who were bound to have illness during the whole process of evacuation and resettlement. When he was about to step on the gangway he had decided to take a last look of his beloved country while his feet were still on his motherland. He saw Lan, and immediately decided to try and help her and her children get on board. He had told the American soldier that she was his sister and that the children were his nieces and nephew. They had the same last name, so if the soldier wanted to verify their identification cards they could still pull it through, given that no official was going to investigate any further under the circumstances. Whether the soldier believed Dr. Nguyens statement, no one ever knew, and he did not ask for their identification cards. 
Lan saw Dr. Nguyen one last time when they got off the ship to board a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier headed for Guam. Lan tried to look for Dr. Nguyen during the week at sea, but he was apparently too busy taking care of patients to spare time for anything else. Lan herself was seasick, as she had never been out at sea for such a long period of time. The stressful condition on board with limited resources for such a large number of evacuees did not help. Both babies and their mothers cried, and men wept quietly. A few people moaned day and night, hurting both physically and mentally.
The normally idyllic island of Guam was suddenly overcrowded, and the beaches were polluted with human waste. Lan and her children stayed in Guam for over a month before they were selected to go to the United States. They were flown to the refugee camp at Fort Indiantown Gap in Pennsylvania. There Lan met other refugees who were Catholics, and made friends with people from other Vietnamese cities and villages that she had never heard of. They all spoke Vietnamese, but Lan could hear the regional differences in their accents and choice of words. Ironically, the first cultural shock she experienced was not from associating with Americans, but from reconciling with the various customs and habits of her own people. Luckily, the war was a great equalizer, and the national patriotism was much stronger than any regional rivalry that might have existed.
A friend, Hong Tran, from the village of Phuc Tinh, southeast of Saigon, told Lan one day that she had gotten a Catholic family in New Orleans to sponsor her resettlement there with her husband and three children. Hong wanted to know if Lan was interested in moving to New Orleans as well, because Hongs sponsor was looking to take on a second family. Lan did not hesitate. She didnt know where New Orleans was or what it looked like, but she was ready to leave the refugee camp.
A week later Lan and her children boarded another airplane with Hongs family and they flew south to the city at the mouth of the Mississippi River. Their sponsor family helped them settle into the Versailles Arms apartment complex in Village de LEst. They were welcomed into a local Catholic church, and many Sunday afternoons were passed with luncheons where the Vietnamese brought traditional dishes that they made as well as they could with local ingredients, and the Americans brought their gumbo and crawfish etouffee. The bond was formed instantly with the common denominator of the French connection from a not so distant past.
One night, the doorbell rang, and Lan hesitated to answer it. She was still not quite sure of the people around her, even though they were mostly all Vietnamese. She peeped out of the small hole in the door, and saw a man with a full beard and a baseball cap on. She couldnt tell if this was a neighbor.
Lan. Open the door. Its your husband, Quan. I am home! shouted the man outside the door.
Lan couldnt believe her ears, but the voice sounded familiar. She opened the door, and the man picked her up off the floor and held her tightly in his arms.
Lan, Lan. That was all he could manage to say. Lans sponsor family had located Quan, who had been evacuated via a completely different route, having gone through the Philippines and then Camp Pendleton in California. Lan couldnt say a word. Their tears were all the conversation that took place for the rest of that night.
Quan resumed his pre-war job as a fisherman, and Lan started selling eggrolls, bnh m, and ph out of her apartment. They eventually saved up enough money to open a small restaurant, and moved out of Versailles Arms into a three-bedroom house a few blocks away. Their children made friends with people of different ethnic backgrounds, something they could never contemplate when they were children themselves, as they had not known of a bigger world outside of Nha Trang. All of their children later obtained university degrees and were now secured in respectable careers. They had been truly free from want. When Lan went to bed at night, she often compared her new dwelling to her ancestral home in Nha Trang; both sat in the fertile floodplain of a vital river. The River Cai and the East Sea had provided for her ancestors much like how the grand Mississippi River and the Gulf of Mexico now provided for her family. When she mused over this, she would smile, thinking that the Virgin Mary had indeed been watching over her after all.
Lan married off her first three children, but had a difficult time with her youngest, Vo, who chose career over the woman that he loved until it was too late. Quan died of a heart attack a few years ago, and Lan made it a personal mission to secure Vos marriage. She was angry when Colette called off the wedding, but the anger was more than replaced by a great sadness when Colette was killed in a car crash. She didnt let the sadness occupy her mind for very long, however, before she started consulting the matchmakers. Vo had escaped to Nha Trang after Colettes death, so she broadened the search to Vietnam. An old friend, Thi Pham, found Lan through the same matchmaking agency they both used in Nha Trang. Thi had also been looking for a match for her daughter, Kim. Lan was beyond ecstatic when she got the letter from Thi. It was destiny, Lan thought, that Vo should return to the place where he was born and marry the daughter of Lans childhood best friend.
Lan couldnt help but smile when she pondered over this fateful event. She let out a chuckle.
Whats so funny? said Vidal, who was sitting to her left in the backseat of the taxi.
Oh, I am just so happy to finally meet Kim, said Lan, beaming toward Kim, who was sitting to her right.
Vo, said Lan toward her son sitting at the front passenger seat, I will meet with Kims mother tonight after I wash up, and then tomorrow we will all visit Kims parents to talk more details. I can hardly wait.
Lans enthusiasm was shared perhaps only by the taxi driver, who was eager to offer advice on matrimony as he successfully married his daughter to the son of a well-to-do hotel owner not long ago. Vo looked out the window at the passing buildings and motorcycles, and didnt say a word for the entire ride.
Chapter 19
The Cardinals Choir was rehearsing before the nightclub opened in a half hour. The drummer that Tuan recommended to Zoe had started about a week ago. She had introduced herself as Billie Dinh, twenty-one years old, born and raised in Nha Trang. Billie spoke English with an accent, but she knew just about all the bestselling pop songs in English in the last fifty years. Zoe was concerned that Billie couldnt adapt to their music style because gothic metal was new for Billie. However, Billie fell in love with the genre immediately, and her amazing ear allowed her to learn the drum parts fast. Zoe shared a few videos with her and soon Billie was dressing the part, too. Everyone dressed in black with red, purple, or white highlights. They all opted for the beautiful classic look using smudged eyeliners, smoky eye shadows, and dark lipsticks, staying away from the horror makeup. Their clothing was mostly simple and elegant, with occasional mischievous accents of tulle or lace, a revealing corset or a very short skirt. Zoe maintained her pixie haircut, but everyone else had long and flowing hair past her shoulders.
Hey girls, said Boris when he interrupted the bands rehearsal. You guys sound amazing, but I need to talk to Zoe. He gestured for Zoe to follow him to his office.
Yurik was also in Boriss office, watching a Russian variety show on television and eating pickled cucumber and salami, washing both down with vodka. Boris asked Zoe to sit down.
So, Zoe, said Boris, I really appreciate your band. Not many clubs here could offer live music, and I am happy that we can.
Thanks, said Zoe, who was glad to hear the compliment.
However, Boriss expression turned serious, the new club that just opened last month down the street from us is drawing away some of our customers. They have a DJ spinning what Americans call top forty kind of music.
Zoe looked down at her shoes, and said nothing.
What I want to know is, can you girls play something more mainstream? Russians love American pop music, too. We can get American tourists and maybe more locals to come to our nightclub. The Vietnamese bands here play covers of American pop music all the time on TV.
Thats true, said Yurik.
So what do you think? said Boris.
Well, Zoe said after some consideration, I have to talk to the girls, but I dont think we will be able to do it. 
Zoe, said Boris, I have been very nice to you and your friends. You are not even of legal age to work here, and I should think that you are grateful for this job.
Why do you want to be the same as everyone else? Thats boring, said Zoe.
Zoe, watch your mouth, said Yurik.
Boris waved at Yurik, and then said to Zoe, If I lose customers to the other club and I cant make any money, I wont be able to pay for your band. I will have to let you girls go. After all, it is cheaper to hire a DJ.
Zoe felt that this was almost an ultimatum, but she was not going to budge. She stood up and said, Can I go now? I believe we are to start soon. I dont want to be late. You might lose more customers. She took a step toward the door.
Yurik stood up and grabbed Zoes wrist and twisted it in a way that made Zoe curse in pain. The boss asked you a question. Are you going to do it or not? said Yurik in a threatening tone.
We dont know any pop songs. We dont care to play them anyway. We dont want to be ordinary, said Zoe, her voice loud and determined.
You dont want to be ordinary. If you get fired and have to live on the street, you might appreciate being ordinary, said Yurik. He put his hand on Zoes head and forced her to face Boris. Now answer the boss.
Zoe was starting to tear up, but she still was not going to back down.
Boris stood up and said to Yurik, Thats enough. Let her go.
Yurik released Zoes wrist, and sat down.
Zoe, said Boris, I want you to think about it. Talk with your friends. I want an answer in a week or two. You can go now.
Zoe left the office. She finally let her tears roll down her face. She needed this job. She couldnt go back to her mothers apartment and let her mother declare victory. Her heart was pounding and she was nauseated. She got her purse from her locker and went to the restroom to get cleaned up for the performance.
Billie was in the restroom as well when Zoe walked in. There was another Southeastern Asian woman there, petite but full-bodied, clad in a short backless dress with sequins and standing on a pair of three-inch stilettos. She was handing Billie a piece of paper when Zoe came in. She said something to Billie in a foreign language and hurried out of the restroom. 
Zoe was trying to hide her sniffles. She grabbed some toilet paper and started to wipe down her face and reapply makeup. Billie looked at her and said, What happened?
Yurik was being a jerk, said Zoe.
Yurik? I thought you were talking to Boris, said Billie.
Yeah, but Yurik was there too.
What does Boris want?
He wants us to play music the new American club down the street is playing, or else he was going to fire us and hire a DJ instead.
 Oh no, I am just beginning to like this new job of mine, said Billie.
I dont want to do it, but I need this job. We dont have to answer Boris for a while. We will talk about it.
I dont know why Boris is so worried. He offers more than just live music, dancing and drinking here than that American club. He shouldnt have to worry about money.
What do you mean? More than music, dancing and drinking? 
Well, you know, said Billie, this place is so Russian. There are no other Russian nightclubs that I know of in Nha Trang. Its special that way. Billie looked in the mirror and powdered her face.
Zoe cleaned up and felt almost back to her normal state. She said, So, who was that woman you were talking to a minute ago?
Im just helping her with something, said Billie.
Like what?
She wants to keep it a secret.
Fine, dont tell me. But I heard her say something before she left. It didnt sound like Vietnamese.
It was Khmer, the language of Cambodia, said Billie.
You speak Cambodian?
Sure, Cambodia is our neighbor, said Billie. Im going to get a drink of water. I will see you on stage. Billie left the restroom.
Zoe was still trying to put her thoughts together when another woman came in. It was the Russian woman Zoe had met many times before and spoken to once in the restroom.
Hi. How are you? Zoe said in Russian.
The woman had long blond hair in bouncy waves, hip-hugging burgundy dress with a plunging neckline and a pair of knee-high gladiator heels. Her face was as glamorous as always. She furrowed her brow and gave a look of puzzlement when she saw Zoe.
Im fine, said Zoe, thinking that her own dejected look had caused the woman to be concerned. Im just having a bad day. If you have a boyfriend, you would understand.
The womans face turned sad all of a sudden, and she looked down. Zoe sensed that she had touched on a sensitive subject. Im sorry, said Zoe.
The womans eyes, which were already somewhat bloodshot to begin with, were now red with tears. She wept quietly.
I wish you would tell me whats going on, said Zoe. She could tell that the woman was burdened with something that she could not share.
Zoe didnt expect the woman to answer, but she was surprised when the woman pulled out a lipstick from her purse and started to write on the mirror.
Dont say it out loud, the woman wrote.
Zoe nodded. The woman erased the sentence and wrote, pen and paper and I will tell you more.
Zoe took over the lipstick and wrote, okay.
The woman nodded, and erased the writing. She took the lipstick from Zoes hand and put it back in her purse. She started to refresh her makeup as well. Zoe left the restroom; she was full of curiosity.
The Cardinals Choir started entertaining on time. Zoe looked more carefully at the crowd in an attempt to estimate whether the number had indeed dwindled. She really couldnt tell a difference; there were still a lot of people, and the band still got a lot of applause after each song, more so now that their performance had been elevated with the addition of Billies drums. 
As Zoe was scanning the audience, she was surprised to see a man at the bar sitting next to the Russian woman from the restroom. After a few seconds she recognized him to be the man that was chatting with her mother the night she left the apartment. It was McKenzie Clark. She had thought that he was her mothers new boyfriend. 
McKenzies hand was stroking up and down the womans back and occasionally her thighs. Zoe could tell that the woman was forcing a smile. Before long both McKenzie and the woman left the bar, and Zoe could see that they were heading toward the back exit. Zoe wondered whether McKenzie was that womans boyfriend, the one who was making her sad.
When the club was closed for the night, Zoe again stood outside with her guitar to wait for Yurik. She didnt really want to go home with Yurik, especially after what happened in Boriss office earlier. It wasnt the first time that Yurik had acted violently either. Just recently he had slapped her in the face when they were having a fight. Zoe tried to hit him back, but her thin frame was no match against Yuriks enormous muscles. She knew that she had to leave him, but the prospect of being homeless in a foreign country was much more frightening.
The sound of a motorcycle approached. Zoe looked up, and Tuan had stopped in front of her again. He was in his green uniform, straddling a police motorcycle.
I thought Id come and check on my neighbor, Billie, said Tuan.
Zoe smiled and said, Thanks so much for getting her to play drums for us. She is excellent. She has gone home, though.
Thats fine. How are you?
Zoe didnt answer right away; she didnt know whether to tell the truth.
Whats troubling you? said Tuan.
Zoe didnt want to talk about her problems with Yurik, so instead she told Tuan about the Russian woman and McKenzie Clark.
So, are you going to tell your mother about it? said Tuan.
My mother and I dont get along, said Zoe. Shes always dating losers anyway. Well, except for my father, and the husband that divorced her last year.
Im confused. Your father divorced your mother?
No. Long story short, my father, Leo, died when I was four. My mother, Ana, ran around dating random people and had my brother, Ivan, who is eleven now. My great grandmother raised me, because my mother was incompetent. Poor Ivan had to live with my mother because my great grandmother was too old to take care of both of us. Then my mother married this man, Eduard, about three years ago, just before my great grandmother died. Eduard was a good man, but my mother did something stupid and he divorced her.
Okay, that sounded complicated, said Tuan. He had a look of amazement on his face.
Anyway, said Zoe, back to the woman we were talking about earlier. I feel sorry for her. She looks so beautiful, but she is so sad all the time. And she says she works here at the club. She doesnt seem like a waitress to me. She could be a matre d, but she doesnt dress like one. I wonder why Boris never introduced her to me.
Zoe, you can be so nave sometimes, said Tuan with a smile. When you hand her the paper and pen, could you ask her to write down her full name, date of birth, and her hometown in Russia? Also ask her who got her this job, who her boss is, and where she stays.
Those are strange questions, said Zoe. She and I are not exactly friends. One thing I can tell you. Her boss is Boris. Hes the only boss in the club. Everyone else is just a peon.
Tuan didnt say anything back, so Zoe continued to say, And why cant she just talk to me? Why does she have to write things down?
Has it ever occurred to you that perhaps she could not talk for a reason?
Before Zoe could answer, Tuan said, Whats that?
Zoe saw that Tuan was looking at her wrist where a bruise was visible. It must have been from Yurik grabbing her earlier. She didnt want to talk about it, and so she said, I hit it on something.
Just now Yurik came out of the nightclub. He immediately wrapped his arm around Zoes shoulders and said to Tuan, You again. Are you bothering my girl?
No, not at all, said Tuan. I was just making sure that she was fine until you could get here. Its past midnight and its not safe for a girl to loiter about a nightclub alone. I am going now. You two take care. Tuan rode away on his motorcycle, with a sharp rumble that quickly dissipated as he fell out of sight.
I dont want you talking to that cop again, you understand? Yurik said to Zoe harshly.
Zoe struggled out of Yuriks grasp and said, Who makes you the boss of me?
Well, last I checked, you were sleeping in my bed and eating out of my kitchen. That makes me the boss of you. Now get in the car, said Yurik as he pushed Zoe into a small sedan parked outside the nightclub. Zoe knew that she had made a mistake moving in with Yurik, but she was not about to crawl back to her mothers apartment and apologize. Not yet, anyway.
Chapter 20
It was a gorgeous sunny day in mid-July. There were a few slivers of clouds in the azure sky. The water was the color of jade. The breeze was soft and warm. The only waves came from the movement of Vos fishing boat, which was heading toward a remote island. Ana was sitting at the bow, just outside the pilothouse. This was the first time she had gone out to sea since she arrived in Nha Trang, and she was full of anticipation.
The surface of the water in the distance was shimmering in the sunlight, juxtaposed with small, glittering white crests created by the gentle wind. Ana looked down in the water, which was so clear that she could see tropical fish hurrying to make way for the boat as it glided through the ocean. Ana was a little tense before she stepped on the boat, as she could not recall ever being on one. She tried to think of her past trips to various lakes in her landlocked hometown, but could not associate any with a vehicle off from dry land. She had learned to swim in school, and had enjoyed splashing in the shallow parts of the beach in Nha Trang, where she could stand if she felt fatigued. She had never dipped in the open ocean, however, where there was no land in sight. She was anxious. Nevertheless, as soon as Vo took the boat out of port, and she was able to bask in the warm sun with nothing to see but blue and green, she relaxed. Being cocooned by the monotonous sounds of boat engine, waves, and wind was also very calming. The effect was almost similar to having had a glass of wine, she thought to herself, feeling thirsty.
The deep green water gradually became a bright aquamarine as the boat came closer and closer to its destination. Ana looked ahead and could see a small island with a double-peaked mountain in the middle. She didnt see any other boat around. Vo stopped the engine and put the anchor down a short distance away from the beach. He lowered a ladder down one side of the boat.
We have to get off here and wade in. Do you think you can manage? said Vo.
The water didnt seem too deep, so Ana said, Sure.
Vo gently lowered a kayak into the water; the kayak, barely fitting the length of the boat, had been secured with ropes inside the hull. Vo then put a waterproof bag on his shoulder and went down the ladder first. Ana could see that he was able to stand with the water coming up to his waist. He signaled for Ana to follow, and spotted her from below as she came down the ladder. The water came up to about her chest. 
Vo untied the kayak from the boat and pushed it toward the shore. Ana followed him. The water was clean and warm. She could see the white sand underneath. They made it to the beach without any problems, and Ana was relieved.
Vo took out a mat from his bag and unrolled it, spreading it out over the sand in the shade of a coconut tree. He then removed his wet shirt and set it down on a rock nearby. Ana was a little bashful to see Vos bare chest, but she decided that it was too cold to stay in the wet clothes even under the hot sun. She removed her thigh length linen cover and set it down on the rock next to Vos shirt. She wore a one-piece swimsuit, solid blue.
They both sat down on the mat to take in their surroundings for a few minutes without talking to each other. The mountain behind them was silent and green with bushes and trees, but Ana could hear the call of the white birds flying around the top of the mountain. The medley of the waves, breeze, and coconut tree branches knocking one another was so soothing that Ana felt almost tipsy. Vo had provided her with a large towel to wrap herself in, and even though they were in the shade, Ana felt comfortably warm. She lay down to observe the sky, peering through the leaves of the coconut tree. The sun was off to one side, as it was not yet noon. Ana turned toward Vo to admire the golden circles that the sunlight, filtered through the coconut leaves, imprinted on Vos face and chest.
Thank you for taking me out here, said Ana, even if we are to do nothing but turn around and go right back. I have never been to a place as beautiful as this.
Youre welcome, said Vo. I discovered this island one day when I was just out exploring the sea off the coast of Nha Trang. I cant find it on the map. Just as well, I have it all to myself when I come here. He also lay down to look at the sky with Ana.
So you get to name it, if you are the first person to discover it, said Ana.
I havent thought about that.
They let a few more minutes pass in silence. Anas stomach started to make a signal.
Its time for lunch, said Vo. He pulled out some bread, fruit, and smoked sausages, as well as a large bottle of water. 
No beer? said Ana, who had imagined having a glass of wine or champagne on the beach.
No. We have to stay alert. I mean, its relaxing here and all, but we are in the wilderness. Besides, I have to operate the boat to get us back later today.
Aye aye, captain, said Ana.
After the picnic, Vo helped Ana into the front seat of the kayak, and he hopped on behind her. He handed Ana a paddle and said, Just take us wherever. And you can just let the paddle rest on your lap if you get tired. I will do most of the work so you can just enjoy the scenery.
They went kayaking around the small island. The water was calm and inviting. When they came across a small stretch of coral reef, Ana was delighted to see the multi-colored tropical fish.
Unfortunately, its rare to see reef sharks or manta rays here, said Vo. Most snorkelers like to see those.
Ana thought it was a good thing not to run into them, even though she heard that they were generally harmless.
After kayaking, Vo took out snorkeling masks and explained to Ana how to use hers. She was nervous in the beginning, but she felt safe and secure with Vo right next to her. They snorkeled first right on the beach, and then went farther to the coral reef that they had come across on their kayak. Ana was amazed to see the different anemones and starfish. It was hard for her to imagine that all of it occurred solely by chance and evolution.
When they dried off on land they ate some more, and then both fell asleep under the coconut tree in the glory of the afternoon sun. 
Ana felt a little disoriented when Vo woke her up a while later. She forgot where she was, although she remembered dreaming about abandoning herself to a distant island, where Vo and her frolicked at the edge of the water. Then she realized that the dream was actually happening.
Vo was lying on his side with his head propped on his elbow, gazing at Ana. For a moment Ana thought that Vo was going to kiss her, but he soon sat up and cast his eyes toward the ocean instead.
Is it time to go? said Ana, with a little disappointment in her voice.
Almost, but we can stay a little longer, said Vo. Id like to see sunset, but I dont like to be out on the water in the dark. We would have to camp here overnight if we want to see sunset.
That sounds very romantic, said Ana, who then quickly regretted her choice of words.
Vo didnt seem to notice. He said, Its been a long time since I camped on the beach overnight.
Ana sensed some sadness in Vos voice. Who were you with the last time? asked Ana.
Vo was quiet for a moment, and then he told Ana about Colette. 
He couldnt stop once he started. He told Ana about how he and Colette, Vidals twin sister, grew up together as neighbors and how he fell in love with her. Colette had started college while he took a year off to travel the world after high school. When he returned, he focused on his study and then his career in marine biology; the thought of marriage never entered his mind. 
We sailed from New Orleans to Key West once, said Vo. We spent a week alone at sea, and we camped on beaches as beautiful as this one. It was unforgettable. 
Vo looked straight at the wide open ocean. Ana could tell that he was reliving that saga in his mind.
After a minute, Vo said, Colette hinted several times for us to get married, but I kept putting it off. It took me years to get my PhD, and then I spent a few more years to work on my postdoc. I got offered a faculty position two years ago, and that was when I finally proposed to Colette.
Ana looked into Vos eyes; they were dark and sad, like a storm of tears might just pour down at any minute, but she could see not a single drop.
She planned the whole wedding, said Vo. I was too busy to do anything. We had several fights. She didnt think I cared, and maybe she was right. I was fine with things the way they were. We had already moved in together, and I thought, what was the wedding going to change? Id still wake up next to her every morning.
Then one day, two months before the wedding, Vidals law firm had an office party, and she went with him. She met one of Vidals partners, someone who was young, charming, carefree, full of life, a carpe diem kind of guy, the way she put it. They started seeing each other, and then a month before the wedding, she called it off.
Vo looked down; his body was trembling.
Naturally I was furious, said Vo. I cursed them. I wanted them to go to hell. And I guess the Devil heard. They died in a car crash two weeks later; he had been driving drunk. There is no word that can describe how I felt. I still loved Colette, you know. I blamed myself for cursing them. I just wasnt man enough to let Colette be with someone that could give her what I couldnt. I was so small. I didnt deserve her at all. And she died thinking that I hated her. 
Ana could tell that Vo was fighting back his tears, trying to look strong. She didnt know that there was so much emotion behind the cool face of this man. She sat silently, not knowing what to say to comfort such a tormented soul.
Vo took a deep breath and rubbed his hands against his cheeks. He turned to Ana and said, Sorry. I can be a wimp sometimes.
Nothing wrong with that, said Ana. 
They sat without a word for a few more minutes. The silence was strangely comforting. 
Ana noticed something in the sand and dug it out to show Vo. Look!
Vo took it over. It was an oyster the size of his palm. He opened it with a little force, and was greeted with something shiny inside.
Its a pearl! said Ana. 
Vo took the pearl out of the oyster and gave it to Ana.
It was just smaller than a marble, ivory colored with small pits on the surface, not smooth like the ones Ana had seen in jewelry stores.
Looks like the giant tears you are trying to hide from me, said Ana.
Vo smiled. 
You know what they said about how a pearl is formed, said Vo. Something irritating like a parasite got in the oyster and the oyster tried to ward it off by secreting a substance around it over and over again. The oyster turns something painful into something beautiful.
Ana contemplated about the origin of the pearl she held in her hand, and then asked, So do you bring Kim out here? Did she find a pearl, too?
No, actually I havent thought about asking Kim to come out here.
Ana set her eyes on the pearl again to inspect it. She had never held a natural pearl in her hand.
Let me have it, said Vo, looking at the pearl.
Ana handed it over.
Vo said, Ill have to take this back to the lab to properly identify it.
Identify it? Its a pearl, said Ana.
There is more than one kind of pearl. Dont you want to know what kind it is?
Its a beautiful kind, whatever it is.
Vo smiled, and put the pearl away. He turned to look at Ana. Do you want to come out here again with me? 
Just the two of us? 
Vo nodded. 
People may get the wrong ideas, said Ana.
Is that a bad thing?
I dont mind it. Id love to come out here again with you. We get a private island all to ourselves, kayaking and snorkeling. Maybe we can hike up that mountain a little next time.
Deal, said Vo.
Anymore sob stories? said Ana.
I think that was about it. But maybe you want to hear my mothers sob stories, leaving Vietnam and all. She has a truckload.
Ana chuckled and said, Thanks, but no. 
We have to get going, said Vo. He packed things up in his waterproof bag.
Hey, Vo, said Ana as she helped push the kayak toward the boat, we can name this place the Pearl Island. Yes? 
Yes, said Vo. He smiled at her. 
They climbed up into the boat. Ana wrapped a blanket around her and sat down at the bow again when Vo started the engine and pointed his fishing boat toward Nha Trang. The sun began to give its most intensified rays of light before the day dimmed down into dusk, and the South China Sea sang them a peaceful spiritual all the way home.
Chapter 21
This is really amazing, said Sofia as she perused the floor-to-ceiling shelves of marine specimens inside the museum at the Institute of Oceanography. There were tens of thousands of species of mollusks and crustaceans preserved in various sizes of glass jars. Corals, sponges, sea stars and sea urchins of dizzying array of colors were also well represented. Sofia gasped when she saw a specimen of a sea snake with zebra stripes curled up inside a large jar.
Yeah, I dont think I could inspect all of them before camp is over, said Ivan. He was giving Sofia a guided tour. 
Ivan, said Vo as he entered the museum.
Mr. Nguyen, said Ivan. He introduced Sofia to Vo.
Vo took a good look at Sofia, who was blushing at the moment. 
Thanks for letting me borrow Ivan for an hour so he can show me the place, said Sofia. There is so much to see here. I like the aquarium, too. The stonefish was the best.
No problem, said Vo. We do our best to spread the passion for marine biology. Ivan is doing a great job. He looked at Ivan and said, Ivan, take your time, but dont forget that we are going fishing this afternoon. There are a few things we need to wrap up before we go to the port. Vo turned and left.
What a camp! Fishing? said Sofia.
Fish is part of marine biology, no? said Ivan.
They held hands and went for a walk in the garden where the flowers of plumeria trees were blooming and casting a sweet fragrance around them. The bougainvillea bushes completed the visual with brilliant magenta, pink and orange bracts. The Institute of Oceanography was south of the center of Nha Trang, and it was quiet except for the chirping of the cicadas. The scent of the ocean was wafting in and out of the air, which was humid and warm. 
Mr. Nguyen seemed like a really cool guy, said Sofia.
Yeah, hes awesome, said Ivan. I just want to hang out with him all the time.
Really? I thought you want to hang out with me all the time.
You know what I mean.
They were silent for a minute before Ivan said, Sofia, whats it like having a papa?
Are you still mad at your ma for lying about your birth father?
Of course I am mad at her for that. I thought I knew who my papa was. Now I guess I would never find out. Anyway, is it nice to have a papa around?
Sometimes, when he is around, said Sofia, lowering her head. My papa is too busy with his work. He doesnt have much time for me. At least your ma is around a lot.
Now she is, but she used to not be around much. Anyway, she cares more about my sister, Zoe, than she does for me. After I found out how she got pregnant with me, I also figured out why she always favored my sister. She loved Zoes father, whereas she didnt even know who my father was.
I am sure she loves you, too. She just hasnt had a chance to show you properly.
I fell while skateboarding the other day and got this huge scratch and bruise on my arm, said Ivan while showing his right arm to Sofia. My ma didnt even notice it. She never asked me about it. But Mr. Nguyen noticed, and he was so worried that I was going to break my neck one day skateboarding. He examined my arm this way and that way and it took a long time to convince him that I was okay. He was a lot like Eduard.
Why did Eduard divorce your ma? He sounded like a great guy, too.
My ma did something stupid, what else? said Ivan. I was supposed to have a baby brother, but he died in my mas belly a week before he was to be born. It was horrible. My ma had to push the dead baby out, you know, like how women normally had babies. And then her bleeding wouldnt stop, and she had to have surgery. She had bags of blood hanging by her bed when I visited her in the hospital. When she was strong enough to come home, Eduard packed up and left. And my ma has had this nightmare ever since. Its crazy how she screams in the middle of the night. Shes paid even less attention to me after that.
How was that your mas fault? Some babies dont make it. Everyone knows that.
I cant answer that. I just know that Eduard wouldnt have left if my ma was innocent.
Maybe Eduard was not as nice as you thought, said Sofia. He might have been a jerk.
No, said Ivan. Judging from my personal experience, Id say that its more likely for my ma to be the jerk. Anyway, I did wish that Eduard would consider taking me with him, but it didnt happen. He left me with my ma, who couldnt even take care of herself.
Well, I am glad that she decided to move you and your sister down here, so we could meet each other, said Sofia with a smile.
Yeah, this is definitely the best thing shes ever done for me.
Ivan and Sofia were walking toward the souvenir shop to get iced tea when a group of preteen boys showed up. They were Ivans skateboarding friends. They called out Ivans name.
Ivan saw his friends, and let go of Sofias hand. 
The boys already saw Ivan and Sofia holding hands before they entered the shop. Misha said, So the rumor is true. You guys are going out.
Ivan was surprised to see his friends, and didnt craft an answer beforehand.
Ivan, thanks for showing me around. Ill see you later, said Sofia as she ran off toward the exit, where her fathers Rolls Royce was waiting.
Well, weve come to check out this place like you told us to, said Brian. All the boys were holding their skateboards.
You couldve told me ahead of time when you were going to come, said Ivan. He was delighted to see his friends, but at the same time annoyed that his visit with Sofia was cut short.
She didnt have to run, said Koji. I dont think she cares to be friends with us.
Why would she, when all we do is talk about her behind her back and make fun of her? said Josh.
Can we maybe get some iced tea first? I am parched, said George, who was exaggerating his British accent.
They all got some iced tea and sat down on the steps of the souvenir shop. After a few sips of the cold drink, Viktor started by saying, Ivan, I would be careful if I were you. Sofias father is not going to like it when he finds out that you are messing with his daughter.
Messing? I am not messing with Sofia, said Ivan.
Its too late now. They have fallen in love with each other, said Laurent, who pursed his lips to make the sound of a kiss.
Gross, said Duong.
Anyway, said Viktor, its never a good idea when a poor guy goes out with a rich girl. I heard that Sofias father owns several Russian businesses in town. He might hire an assassin and make you disappear! 
Viktor, I think you have watched too many movies, said Brian.
He could be right, said Misha.
Sofia and I are just hanging out. We are friends, said Ivan.
Right, friends who hold hands walking on the beach every afternoon, said Laurent.
Youve been spying on me? said Ivan.
Chill, Ivan, said George. Nha Trang is a very small town. There is only one beach. There are, what, eight of us? I think its pretty easy for anyone of us to spot you two on the beach on any given day.
Ivan was dumbstruck. For some reason, falling in love was not a cool thing to do for an eleven-year-old boy. It was not something he could admit to just yet.
Okay, I am ready to see some sharks. Can we go and do something more fun than talking about a girl and her boss daddy? said Josh as he stood up. Ivan thanked him silently. He was always the more sensible American.
The rest of the group got up as well. Ivan showed them to the office to park their skateboards before giving them a tour. Koji and Duong almost fell in as they sat on the wall of the open saltwater pool, trying to get a good look of the reef sharks and stingrays. Ivans friends left just before Vo got all the camp students together for their fishing trip to a nearby island. 
When Ivan came home that evening, he saw his mother napping on the bench in the living room. He looked at his watch. It was six oclock in the afternoon. It was a Wednesday, and his mother was supposed to be at work at four. He thought about waking her up to make sure that she was all right, but eventually decided to just mind his own business. He went to the kitchen, tossed the red snapper that he had caught earlier in the freezer, and sat down to eat the bnh bao he bought from the street for dinner. He was so hungry that he devoured the pork-filled steamed bun in seconds. He spent the rest of the evening in his room reading about the elusive dolphins of the South China Sea. He was thinking about Sofia, who was just about as mysterious as the dolphins, before he fell under the spell of dreams.
Chapter 22
It had been almost a week since that magical day on the Pearl Island, and Ana still felt intoxicated by it. She had been thinking about it a lot, but she was not sure how she should feel about the whole thing. After all, Vo behaved like a friend, without any indication of other intentions. Ana felt incredibly close to Vo when they were on that island, and there was definitely something magnetic between them, but since she had decided before she left Russia that she was in no condition for a romantic relationship, she tried to ignore, even suppress, her desires. Besides, Vo was spoken for, his fiance being the daughter of an important investor who was helping to pay for her living in Nha Trang.
Ana placed the leftover food from earlier in the day into to-go boxes and cups, and then secured them in several plastic bags. The kitchen of Quan Bien Dong always prepared more rice, spring rolls, and soup than could be consumed, and Mr. Trans policy was that food from the lunch batch would not be served at dinnertime. His motto was that everything would be made fresh. He directed the kitchen staff to throw away leftovers. He was not a fan of composting. Nobody could take leftovers home, either. One must be a paying customer to eat the food from his restaurant.
Ana had grown up in the desperate final years of the Soviet Union, and come of age during the post-Soviet depression era in Russia. She had stood in long lines for bread and soup with her grandmother, trying to stay warm with only layers of ragged shirts and a wool coat, staring up at the faces of men and women who showed nothing but despair. She collected empty vodka bottles from the unemployed neighbors who occupied themselves with alcohol, and turned them in to stores for small change, which her grandmother would use to buy whatever vegetables and meats available in the market. The small amount of vegetables and meats would invariable get preserved somehow to last through what seemed like a hundred meals.
Ana couldnt understand Mr. Trans policy when it came to the leftovers, as she was sure that Mr. Tran must have lived through periods in Vietnam when the economy was less than ideal and many people had to go hungry. Ana didnt want to get in trouble with her boss, but she just could not see all that food go to waste. Several times a week when Mr. Tran was not in the restaurant, she gathered the food and handed it to the needy that came to beg at the backdoor. Only Mai, being in charge of the kitchen, tried to discourage Ana; the rest of the kitchen staff helped Ana keep it a secret.
Ana, what are you doing? 
Ana heard her name called as she handed the bags of leftovers to two scrawny kids in the back alley. She looked behind her, and there was Mr. Tran! 
The two kids quickly ran away with their loot.
Mr. Tran, h-how are you? said Ana with a shaky voice. Mr. Tran was not expected at the restaurant that day.
So its true. You are handing out leftovers, said Mr. Tran harshly.
I am sorry, but those kids are starving. They are skin and bones.
They are skin and bones because their parents are lazy. Those kids you just gave the leftovers to, I know their parents, said Mr. Tran. They are drunks.
Ana was dumbfounded for a moment.
So, you are just making their problems worse, said Mr. Tran. Dont give them any more food.
But the children are innocent. And what about the others? They cant all be drunks, said Ana, defending her position.
The children are learning to be beggars, too, with your help. I have lived here all of my life, and I know just about everyone in this neighborhood. I tell you, there is no legitimate reason for anyone to go hungry in this town, said Mr. Tran.
Ana didnt have anything to say back to Mr. Tran, as she conceded that he probably did know everyone in this town. She was about to go back into the kitchen when Mr. Tran stopped her and said, Were you late today, too?
Ana wanted to find a hole and disappear into it right then. Not only was she caught red-handed violating her bosss policy, but she was indeed late to work, for the third time this month.
I dont want any excuses. I pay you to be here at four oclock, but you dont come in until almost six and you cant even come up with a good excuse. Two days ago you didnt show up and we didnt hear from you until the night was almost over. You are almost as bad as those kids parents. Is this an example you are setting for your children? said Mr. Tran scathingly.
I wanted to call sooner but I was too sick
If you are late one more time, said Mr. Tran, you are going to be fired.
Ana was bracing herself for more tirades from Mr. Tran when someone called him away.
Ana, are you okay? said Mai when Ana came into the kitchen.
Ana didnt answer. She took a drink out of a bottle in her purse, and sat down at the kitchen counter to repose herself.
I told you not to give out the leftovers, said Mai. Mr. Tran visited a friend and the family next door was eating leftovers from here. They were sitting out on the street and Mr. Tran saw them and asked them what they were eating. They gave you away.
Ana shook her head in disbelief.
Ana, we need you at the front. We are getting bombarded, said Olga, who gave Mai two order slips.
Ana took a deep breath and followed Olga out of the kitchen. Mr. Tran spotted them and called them over to help take orders from a large party, all seated at a round table. Ana immediately recognized Vo, with Kim seated to his left. Vidal was at the table as well. Between Vo and Vidal there was a woman, perhaps in her late sixties, to whom Vo bore a resemblance.
Ana wasnt sure if she should greet Vo. Vo looked up and saw her; he didnt say a word, either, but acknowledged her with a nod. He was wearing a suit and tie. Kim was in a pink o di, a traditional Vietnamese dress that Ana knew was worn for special occasions.
Mr. Tran said, Ana, Olga, you two know my investor, Mr. Pham. He pointed to a portly man with his face fixed in an ear-to-ear smile. Mr. Phams daughter Kim is getting engaged tonight. We are honored to help them celebrate. Mr. Pham also just booked our entire restaurant for an official engagement banquet later.
Anas heart skipped a beat when she heard it. She looked at Vo again. Vos mouth was half-open, as if trying to say something. 
Mr. Tran helped Mr. Pham select dishes for the auspicious event. Ana hurried to write down the orders as Mr. Tran named them off, while Olga took everyones drink orders and other requests. When Ana went back to the kitchen to hand Mai the orders, she suddenly felt hot and dizzy. She had to sit down again.
Ana, you look really pale. Is everything all right? said Mai.
Im fine, said Ana, her lips trembling.
I know Mr. Phams daughter is getting engaged today. Mr. Tran will make sure we put in extra hard work for that, said Mai. 
Just now Mr. Tran walked into the kitchen, and saw Ana sitting at the counter. He frowned and said, Ana, there is no time for sitting. There are more customers out there. You want to work or what?
Mr. Tran, said Mai, cant you see that Ana is not feeling well? She had to call in sick two days ago, remember? Do you think shes completely recovered already? I dont think so. Why dont you let her go home and rest?
Mr. Trans anger was mitigated somewhat, after he took a closer look at Ana.
What am I going to do with a sickly waitress? said Mr. Tran. Go home, go home. Come back when you feel better. I guess I have to wait on tables, too. With that, Mr. Tran exited the kitchen again.
Mai asked Ana if she could manage to go home on her own. Ana reassured Mai and thanked her. As if trying to escape from some abominable calamity, she picked up her purse and scurried out the backdoor.
Chapter 23
Irisa Petrovskaia was nine years old when her father died during an accident at work in a shipyard in Komsomolsk-on-Amur, Russia. Her mother raised her and three other siblings alone, working in the same shipyard as a cook. Irisa could not tell whether being a cook was safer than being a construction worker, which was her fathers job description. He died when a concrete block fell from a crane and hit him in the head. Irisa grew up worried about whether her mother would die on the job as well, and she made up her mind that working in a shipyard would definitely not be a career option when the time came.
Irisa was the first person in her family to finish university, and completed the certification to become a school teacher. However, as fate would have it, she met a shipyard worker while out with friends one night, fell in love and married him within three months. The night that she gave birth to her son, her husband fell to his death from one hundred feet up while servicing a tower crane. Irisa had a nervous breakdown, and after months of extended maternity leave she could not return to teach at the school any longer. Her mother, retired from the shipyard now, became the main caregiver to her son, Igor.
When Irisa recovered mentally and physically, there were no teaching positions available. After a difficult and futile job search, she decided to babysit for money. One day, she ran into an old friend, Vladimir, from her university days. They started to meet for afternoon tea, and before long they became intimate with each other. Irisa longed to leave Komsomolsk-on-Amur. She had a feeling that something tragic would happen to her son if they were to stay. This was often the topic of conversation when she lay in Vladimirs arms.
One afternoon, Vladimir introduced Irisa to his cousin Vera. Vera was visiting from Australia, where she was a successful businesswoman, owning a chain of clothing shops in Sydney. Vera was in need of an assistant manager to help her oversee the operations. She had come home to recruit because she wanted to give someone from her hometown an opportunity at prosperity. Irisa wanted to take the offer, but she could not leave her son; Vera had said specifically that she could only pay for the travel expense, room and board for her future employee, and no one else.
Irisa changed her mind when the mother of a six-year-old boy rudely cursed at her and kicked her out without paying for a weekends work. Irisa had kept the boy while his parents went on a trip. When the parents returned, the boy had an egg-sized bump on his head; he had tripped and fallen down the stairs. Irisa was unjustly blamed for the incident and let go at once. Infuriated and frustrated, she called Vladimir; she would go to Australia with Vera.
Irisas mother didnt want her to go so far for a job, but Irisas mind was made up. Igor, who was eighteen months at the time, was to stay with Irisas mother until Irisa could bring him to Sydney, hopefully within the year. Irisa held Igor so tight the night before she was to leave that he could hardly sleep himself. When morning came, Irisa dried her tears, kissed her son and her mother goodbye, and went to the hotel where Vera was staying. Vladimir was there to see her off, and after he told her that hed wait for her, they sealed their lips in a last kiss.
Irisa was surprised to find that she was not the only one traveling with Vera that day. Vera had gathered a number of other young women to work in various positions in her shops in Sydney. Irisa thought that Vera must be doing extremely well to be hiring so many people at once. Irisa had assumed that they would fly out of the airport in Khabarovsk, but Vera explained that, in order to save money, they would drive all the way down through China to Hanoi, Vietnam, where they would then board a boat to take them to Sydney.
It took them many days to reach Hanoi even though they drove both day and night. Irisa was excited to see the sights from inside the van as they drove through the eastern parts of China. They didnt stop to eat in restaurants or shower in hotels; they used the facilities in gas stations and rest areas when available. It was a long and arduous journey, but Irisa and the other women endured it with optimism and hopefulness. 
When they finally arrived in Hanoi, Vera announced that they would spend a night in a hotel before boarding the boat to Sydney. Irisa and the other women were happy to hear it. Vera fed everyone a delicious Vietnamese sandwich and iced coffee on the way to the hotel. Irisa devoured the food, and was soon asleep due to exhaustion.
Irisa had strange dreams that night. She was fishing with her father and he was telling her jokes, when she remembered that he was dead. As she was wiping the tears from her eyes, she saw her husband fall from the top of a tower crane, but when he hit the floor his face turned into that of her sons. Irisa felt something painful and screamed, but was soon calmed when she heard a lullaby. She thought that perhaps her mother was singing it, but she couldnt see her face anywhere.
When Irisa finally woke up, she had a pounding headache, similar to the ones she had during a hangover once or twice before in her life. She felt disoriented, and it took her several minutes to remember her mission. She panicked for a minute when she thought that she had missed the boat for Sydney. She tried to stand up, but her legs could hardly bear any weight.
She looked around her and saw that she was alone in a small room with no windows. She could not recall walking into a hotel at all. She was sitting on a simple bed, and there was hardly any furniture except for a small armoire and a dresser with a mirror on it. She struggled to stand up and walked to the door, and found that it was locked from the outside. There was a device that seemed like an intercom mounted next to the door frame, and she pushed the button on it.
Vera? Anybody?
She heard footsteps and someone came to open the door, but it wasnt Vera. It was a skinny man in a white suit, accompanied by two burly bodyguards. A plump woman holding some towels and a dress was standing behind them. Irisa felt her heart sink.
The skinny man introduced himself as Dmitry, and informed Irisa that Vera had left her in his charge. Irisa was to wash up immediately, and get dressed for her first client. Irisa was to do everything Dmitry said if she wanted to see her son again. He had possession of all her personal belongings, valuables, and travel documents. Her family would not be looking for her because Dmitrys men would be in touch with them to give the impression that she was doing all right in Sydney; her family would even get a small amount of money for a few months to ease their concerns. After a few months, Dmitrys people would contact her family to let them know that she had gone missing, possibly running off with a new lover. However, if Irisa would cooperate and even excel at the trade, Dmitry would consider releasing her back to Russia at the end of three years.
Irisa listened to all of this in a drunken stupor, which she now realized was likely the effect of sedatives Dmitrys people had mixed in the sandwich or the coffee. She saw the bruises on her arms and thought that they had probably injected her with more sedatives repeatedly on the way here. She was numbed in the beginning and couldnt give much of a fight, but when the plump woman tried to get her into the bathroom in the corner of the room, she suddenly regained her strength and tried to run. The bodyguards held her into the bathtub while the plump woman scrubbed her down, dried her with towels, and forced her into the skimpy red dress. Irisa was kicking and screaming, with tears running down her cheeks, but the bodyguards took her to the bed and tied her down.
Irisa could not tell if it was day or night, because there were no windows. All she could recall was that she was raped by one man after another. At first she counted and tried to remember the faces, but she soon lost track. The plump woman would come back with the bodyguards every so often to clean her up and put her in a different dress, and then tie her back up. They would force soup down her throat to keep her alive, and then the same horror would repeat itself for what felt like eternity.
Eventually, Irisa gave up fighting. Dmitry removed her restraints and let her out of her room. She was in some kind of a two-story building. She saw other women, but none from the group she traveled with from her hometown. They werent allowed to talk, so they just looked at one another with the same despondent eyes. They were allowed to walk in the yard around the building twice a day. When Irisa felt the warmth of sunshine again she was moved to tears. The air was balmy, and the sky was too pretty. She sobbed silently while surveying the surroundings, trying to figure out where she was. She heard waves, so she knew she was near a lake or an ocean, but that was all she could figure out. She tried to go through the faces of her clients, but they seemed to be from all over the world, speaking different languages with all shades of skin colors. She couldnt speak anything but Russian, but she seemed to get only non-Russian clients. 
One day Dmitry determined that she was ready to go to the nightclub in the city to attract potential customers. A tracking device was placed under the skin of her arm, and then she was put on a boat with a few other women, under guard. 
They arrived at a fishing pier at night, and were transported to a nightclub after they were given specific instructions. They were to be posted here and there inside the club, and when they were approached by interested men, the manager would broker a deal. They were to take the men out the backdoor where a car would be waiting to take them to a nearby apartment building. Afterward, the customers would put cash payments in envelopes, leave them in a designated drawer, and go from the apartment building to their desired destinations in another car provided by the manager. The women would be transported back to the nightclub to continue their work. Irisa was told not to touch the money; someone else would collect it. At the end of the night, the women would be brought back to the island, or at least an island was where Irisa thought they were kept. Some of the customers, Irisa noticed, would later come to the island directly, sometimes with their friends.
Irisa was told that if she were to try to escape the tracking device would give away her location immediately. She would be caught and once again tied to her bed for weeks until she would behave again. The device was also some kind of a recorder so that everything Irisa said to another person would be transmitted to Dmitry, and if she valued her life she would not dare talk about her situation to anyone else, not even to the other women held on the island.
She was allowed restroom breaks while at the nightclub, however, and it was the only time she could go without the constant monitoring by Dmitrys gang. She checked the restroom all over, and made sure that there was not a single device that even remotely looked like a camera. She would think about her son to give her strength to get through each night. Occasionally she would weep, thinking that she had forgotten what her son looked like. Then she tried to remember the last night she held her son in her arms, his restless warm body curled up against hers. He even laughed during his sleep, as if dreaming of something sweet. Irisa tried to remember the sound of her baby laughing, but all she could hear was his crying instead.
One night, an all-girl band started playing live music to draw more customers to the nightclub. Irisa couldnt understand the lyrics, but the music gave a feeling of doom and despair. Ironically the mournful melody was uplifting for Irisa, as for the first time in so long there was an indirect channel for her own dark emotions to be expressed, via the songs of these teenagers. Even more surprising was that the band leader spoke Russian, and seemed genuinely interested in Irisas condition. Hers was the first friendly face that Irisa had encountered since she left Russia.
Irisa didnt know if she could trust the band leader, who called herself Zoe. Irisa wondered whether Dmitry would keep his words and release her at the end of three years, if she did everything he told her to do. But one night, she missed her son so much that she decided to take the risk of communicating with Zoe. Zoe would bring her pen and paper, and she would slowly write out her story. It might take several nights, or weeks, but Zoe would know her story. Maybe Zoe could help her. Zoe may look like a rebellious teenager, but she gave Irisa a sense of kindness and trustworthiness. If Irisa was caught, she calculated, she might be killed, but that may not be so bad compared to this living hell anyway. She had to do it. She had to give one last fight.
Chapter 24
Zoe, are you in here? said Tam as she walked into the restroom and found Zoe lost in deep thoughts. Irisa was here earlier for a brief written conversation. Zoe tucked a piece of paper into a pocket inside her corset dress.
Hi, Tam, is it time to go?
Tam studied Zoe for a little bit and said, Zoe, you are looking awful secretive lately. Whats going on?
Nothing. Yurik is being a jerk, thats all, said Zoe. That was not a lie.
Speaking of Yurik, your mother is having a chat with him at the bar right now, said Tam.
What do you mean?
Your mother is having a drink at the bar, and Yurik is just cracking jokes left and right. You know what he does when there is a pretty woman in front of him.
Zoe felt a little angry, but it was not because Yurik was flirting with her mother. She went out of the restroom and found her mother laughing with abandon. A few empty shot glasses were scattered on the counter in front of her. Yurik was talking to her while drying a glass with a towel. 
Zoe walked over to Ana and said very loudly so that Yurik could hear, Ma!
Ana was startled, and turned to look at Zoe. Oh, Zoe, said Ana with a broad smile. She tried to give Zoe a hug, but Zoe backed away.
This is your ma? said Yurik, eyes widened. Oh, I see the resemblance. You two could be sisters. Ana, I see where Zoe got her pretty face from.
What are you doing here? Zoe said angrily to Ana.
What does it look like? I am having a good time, said Ana, who appeared more than a little tipsy.
Your drinks are on the house. Zoe is my girlfriend, said Yurik.
Ana looked back and forth at Zoe and Yurik, and then said, Really? Is that legal? Zoe is quite young, and you look old enough to be her pa.
Zoe grabbed Anas elbow and said, You need to go home now. You are drunk.
Oh, I am not quite there yet. Yurik is offering me free vodka. It doesnt happen every day, you know, said Ana.
Lets go! Zoe pulled Ana off the barstool with such force that Ana fell on the floor.
Im all right. Dont help me, said Ana. Zoe helped her get up anyway. Ana saw a bruise on Zoes arm, and then she lifted up Zoes dress to inspect Zoes torso before Zoe could protest.
What are you doing? Zoe shook her mother off and covered herself up in a hurry.
Just as I thought, said Ana. She reached across the bar and grabbed Yuriks shirt. Are you beating her?
Yurik appeared astonished by the abrupt change in Anas attitude. He took Anas hand off his shirt and said, Watch it, old lady.
Ana held up an arm and was about to punch Yurik in the face when a man came up and put both of his hands on Anas arms to hold her back. Zoe was surprised when she saw that it was McKenzie. An Eastern Asian woman, dressed like Irisa, was standing next to him; she smiled and left the scene after McKenzie whispered something in her ear. 
Ana, are you all right? said McKenzie
Who are you? said Ana before she realized that the man was McKenzie. Oh, Mr. Sydney, Australia. How wonderful to see you. I was about to teach this bastard a lesson. How dare he lay his hand on my daughter! Ana gave Yurik a menacing stare.
Ana, you can teach him a lesson later, said McKenzie. Revenge is best served cold, remember? Lets not do it tonight. Will you let me take you home? 
Not a chance, said Zoe. You are not taking her anywhere. She pushed McKenzie away from Ana, who took a few steps back and almost fell again. Zoe caught her this time.
McKenzie looked a little confused, but said calmly, I could take you both home.
No way, you stay away from us, said Zoe. She shoved Ana toward the exit. 
Im not finished. Ana was still struggling to free herself from Zoe.
Where are you going Zoe? said Yurik loudly. Are you coming home tonight?
Go to hell! Zoe yelled as she dragged Ana out of the nightclub.
Zoe got Ana home in a taxi. Ana was almost asleep when they got to the apartment building. Zoe managed to keep Ana steady as they walked up the stairs to their fourth-story home. Zoe rammed on the door, and Ivan came to let them in. Their Vietnamese neighbor across the hall poked her head out of her door to see what was going on just before they disappeared behind theirs.
Ivan and Zoe helped Ana walk to the bench in the living room and lie down on it. Ana mumbled a few words before she closed her eyes and fell into slumber. Ivan and Zoe both sat down on nearby chairs to catch their breaths.
Is she drunk? said Ivan.
Shes an idiot, said Zoe with some anger in her voice.
What are we going to do? Shes drinking again. Whats going to happen now? Whos going to take care of us?
I dont need anyone to take care of me, said Zoe. She looked at her brother, and felt a little sorry for him. Weve got to get you some help, though.
How? Prababushka is dead. She cant help us, said Ivan.
Of course not. Whos talking about Prababushka?
What then? Its going to take her months if not years to get sober again. We are stuck in Vietnam. You might be okay, but I cant go anywhere without her.
Dont be so upset yet, said Zoe. Maybe she wont get so bad this time. As long as she can keep working at the restaurant you know you are fine. Worry about it when she gets fired.
She promised she was not ever going to touch another drop of alcohol before we left Russia, said Ivan, starting to sound a little choked up.
Zoe went to her brother and held him in her arms. You know how she is. She wont change. Ill take care of you.
Ivan wiped his tears and said, Well, Ill just get a job, too. Im old enough to be my own man.
Zoe gave a slight chuckle and said, Who told you that?
Mr. Nguyen. Hes the counselor at the summer camp. I told him about Ma, how she totally ignores me, and can barely take care of herself. He said I should be strong, and be my own man.
Hes right. You should take charge of your life.
Where can I work though? Ivan rubbed his head.
Zoe sat down in her chair again and said, Ivan, Im in the middle of something. When its finished, Ill come back to be with you. You are too young to work.
I thought you dont want to be with us.
I dont want to be with Ma. Shes beyond hope. But I cant leave you when shes like this, said Zoe. God, she can be so irresponsible! She got us down here, far away from our home, and then she just screwed us over again and left us stranded here with nothing. Zoe buried her face in her hands.
I guess she tried, said Ivan.
Not hard enough, said Zoe.
After a few minutes, Zoe went to the phone and called Tuan. When she hung up, she said, Ive got to go. I will check on you tomorrow. She got up and walked toward the door.
Ive missed you, Sestra, said Ivan.
Ive missed you, too. Zoe left the apartment.
She ran down the stairs, and out of the building. She had no clue how to help take care of Ivan. She wasnt going to bother helping her mother get sober again; it never worked. Ana would get sober on her own when she put her mind to it.. For now, Zoes problem was how to help her brother get through this bout. She briefly entertained the idea of just leaving Ivan to his own devices, but she loved him too much to abandon him. She had to think of something.
Tuan stopped his motorcycle in front of Zoe. When he turned off his motorcycle engine and removed his helmet, Zoe flew into his arms and cried. Tuan stood there with his arms open for a few seconds before he wrapped them around Zoe.
Zoe went on for a few minutes, her body seized in a spasm whenever she took in a breath. Finally her crying became a quiet sob and she told Tuan what happened at the club tonight. She took the piece of paper from the pocket inside her dress and handed it to Tuan. Tuan wiped her tears with his shirt sleeves. 
Zoe, said Tuan, looking at the bruises on her arm, you should leave Yurik now. Its not safe for you there. 
Zoe broke away from Tuan and said, I dont know if my band can still play in the club if I leave him.
Your friends will appreciate it if you remove them from harms way, too. That club is no place for young girls like you.
You need to warn your neighbor Billie. I saw her talking to these Asian women in the restroom, too. They all look like Irisa. I am worried that Billie would get kidnapped and forced into prostitution. I dont know what they were saying, but if these women also have tracking devices in their arms, Boris could hear them. Billie can be in danger right now.
You are worried about Billie with all this stuff going on in your life? said Tuan.
Anyway, our band needs to stay there. Its the only way I can get access to Irisa. I cant help her if I stay on the outside.
How do you think you are going to help her?
With you, of course. You are the cop. You should do something.
Tuan looked away for a moment, and then said, Its not as easy as you think.
Why not? Arrest Boris and his men. Grab Irisa and the other women and they will tell you everything.
Does Irisa know which island they are kept on?
Zoe didnt answer.
If we were to snatch up the thugs at Rocking Waves now, it would only serve as a signal for their bosses to round up everyone and disappear. We wont be able to save the rest of the women still on that island.
Boris can tell you who his bosses are and where they are hiding, said Zoe. You can kidnap him without anyone knowing.
That might work, but chances are with an international scheme like this, he doesnt know the real names of his bosses and he doesnt know which island the women are kept on, either, said Tuan. Boris is just a pawn in this game, taking orders from superiors who are hiding in the dark.
How about searching all the buildings on all the islands? There are not that many islands around here. I looked at a satellite map of this area.
Its true there arent many islands, and I can probably guess which island they are on, said Tuan.
Well? 
Remember what you said about police corruption before? I am afraid thats our biggest obstacle here.
You are kidding, said Zoe.
No. I cant tell you too much, but do you really think Rocking Waves can exist without some officials here being involved?
Zoe thought about it, and suddenly realized the magnitude of the problem. Still, she persisted. Is there nothing you can do? said Zoe.
I am on the bottom of the ranks here. I have no clout. I will probably get fired, or worse, killed, if I stick my neck out.
Ugh! Why is everything so complicated?
Tuan hesitated, and then placed his hands on Zoes arms. Just have some faith. The problems will work themselves outIrisas, and your mothers.
I dont see how in either case, said Zoe, feeling pessimistic. Well, theres one thing you can do now. Give me a ride back to the club.
Zoe, I really wish you would leave Yurik.
Why? To be your girlfriend?
Tuan seemed surprised to hear that. He let go of Zoes arms and said, Who wants to be your boyfriend? I just dont want to visit you in the hospital when Yurik puts you in a coma.
If that were to happen I am sure you would be happy that the world is rid of one more troublemaker, said Zoe. I hope you dont give me a ticket for being in a coma underage.
Tuan didnt say anything back.
Zoe took the extra helmet out of the storage box of the motorcycle and put it on her head. She got on the backseat and said, Come on. I need to get my guitar back.
Tuan, frowning, put on his helmet and sat in front of Zoe. He started the engine, and they took off into the night, headed for the lions den again. Her mother was a lost cause, Zoe thought, but Irisa was not.
Chapter 25
Ana woke up when she heard someone knocking on the door of her apartment. She sat up in her bed, immediately overwhelmed by a throbbing headache. She felt queasy and weak, but still managed to come out of her bedroom and say, Who is it?
Its me, Vo.
Ana was not expecting any visitors, especially not Vo at this moment, when she was having a hangover. 
Give me a minute, said Ana after she let Vo in and asked him to sit down in the living room. She hurried into the bathroom, and quickly combed her hair, washed her face, and brushed her teeth. She inspected what she was wearing, and thought that it was suitable for now. She went to the kitchen and made some hot tea, and then brought two cups of tea out with a plate of biscuits. 
Im sorry to disturb you this early in the morning, said Vo. I should have called, but I was out walking, and decided to stop by and check on you. You didnt look very well the other night at the restaurant.
Im fine. Thanks, said Ana. Speaking of the other night at the restaurant, I should congratulate you on your engagement. 
You shouldnt. I didnt go through with it, said Vo. He took a sip of his tea.
Ana couldnt believe what she heard. You didnt go through with it? said Ana.
I didnt. I couldnt. I cant. 
Ana bit her lower lip. Her heart was pounding. She sipped her tea, not knowing how to respond.
Vo went on to say, You didnt come back, or you wouldve seen the disastrous ending to that occasion. I just came right out and said it to everyone that I opposed the engagement. I told everyone that Kim was not the one for me.
Ana swallowed hard and said, That must have been really difficult for Kim. She must have felt so humiliated. You should have done it in a more private setting.
So you are fine with me canceling the whole thing? said Vo.
Its not my place to be fine or not fine with it. I just feel bad for poor Kim, said Ana.
Kim actually looked relieved. I thought I saw a smile on her face before I left. My mother was the one who was humiliated. She hasnt said a nice word to me since. I shouldve just told them from the very beginning that it wasnt going to work. My feeling for Kim has always been friendly, at most brotherly. It was never remotely romantic. I was just going along with my mothers plan because I was at a point where I thought it didnt make a difference whom I married. Vo paused, looked Ana in the eyes, and then said, But over the last few months, things have changed, and I have to be honest with everyone or Ill regret it for the rest of my life.
Good. I think you did a brave thing, and it was the right thing to do, being honest, said Ana, sipping her tea.
My heart is with someone else, said Vo.
Yes, I know. Colette. That was her name, right?
Thats not what I meant, said Vo, gazing at Ana intensely.
Too nervous to find out what Vo actually meant, Ana said, Excuse me a minute. She stood up, and went to the kitchen.
She opened the refrigerator and reached for the vodka, but decided against it. She closed the refrigerator, and stood in front of the stove for a minute. She took a few deep breaths, and then returned to the living room with the tea kettle. She poured more hot tea for Vo and herself, then took a seat across from Vos. The interruption caused an awkward pause in Vos impassioned discourse. He stood up, and started to pace the room.
Are you all right? said Ana, who was starting to relax with the warmth of the hot liquid.
I dont know, said Vo. Theres so much I want to tell you. I dont know where to start. I dont know how to start.
You seem really tense. Would you like to look at my portfolio? Ana presented Vo an over-sized album of photographs. Vo sat down again to browse them. 
Ana saw that Vos face softened, and she said, I bet youve seen all of these places. I took all of the pictures in Nha Trang.
I have seen these places, but not the way you saw them, said Tuan. They all looked so different the way you captured them with your camera. Look at this photo of Hon Chong Rock. Ive never seen it from this aerial angle before. How did you do it?
I asked the owner of the seafood restaurant across the street to let me stand on their roof, said Ana with a smile. I promised to buy some snails. I speak passable Vietnamese, you know. She moved to the seat next to Vos, and started to narrate the photographs.
This is one of the Po Nagar Cham Towers. I was lying on my back on the ground to take this. The sun was right on top of it. I was blind for an hour after that, said Ana jokingly.
What about these fishermen? How did you get them to look at the camera? said Vo, studying a spread of three fishermen crouching on the sand by a round bamboo basket boat. 
They were taking a break, so I approached them with cigarettes. I like the lines on their faces. They are hardworking people, said Ana, not like me. I loiter about taking pictures.
You should value your work. These are exceptional photos, said Vo, marveling at the photographs, with his arm almost touching Anas.
Thank you. You are kind. Ana studied Vos face as he perused the rest of the album.
Next time we go to the Pearl Island, you should bring your camera, said Vo.
The Pearl Island? 
You will go again with me, wont you? Vo turned to look at Ana. He seemed surprised to see Anas face so close to his. Their eyes locked for a second, and then he leaned toward her.
Ana didnt resist. The kiss was timid and uncertain at first, but soon became passionate as Vo drew Ana into his chest and pressed her hard against his body. Ana felt as if she had always belonged in Vos arms since time began, that this was meant to be. Ana and Vo were caught ablaze as the ember of desire quickly escalated into flames. They let it burn for a long time, neither of them eager to put out the fire. They only separated when Vo tasted something cold and salty; Anas tears were flowing down her face.
Ana. Oh, Ana. I am sorry. I have upset you, said Vo, still holding Ana. He let her chin rest on his shoulder.
No, you didnt upset me. Im just a little overwhelmed, said Ana. She started to wipe away her tears with her hand.
Vo gave Ana a soft squeeze.
You know, said Ana, trembling, I left the restaurant the other night because I was a little heartbroken.
I know, said Vo, tenderly.
A little jealous, too.
Just a little? 
Actually, a lot, said Ana, still sniffling.
Im happy to hear that, said Vo.
Ana pushed Vo away and said solemnly, Im not a good person. Im terrible in fact.
That makes two of us.
I have hurt so many people. My kids dont talk to me. I havent held down a job for longer than six months ever. I am pushing forty and I still havent settled down.
Good, I am glad you havent settled down. If you had we wouldnt be here right now, said Vo.
You dont know the whole story. I have had a very complicated life. You wont like me so much when I tell you all about it, said Ana, starting to tear up again.
Hold it there. You can tell me later. Right now, at this moment, your life is very simple. You and I are in love, and thats that, said Vo resolutely.
Ana was comforted by those words, and she stopped trembling.
I just have to make sure. McKenzie was never in the picture, right? said Vo.
McKenzie? What makes you think he could possibly ever be in the picture?
Hes good-looking, charming, and humorous.
Funny, I never thought of him that way. Perhaps I should take a closer look, said Ana.
Dont you dare! said Vo, and then he kissed her again.
Chapter 26
This was not the first time Ana fell in love, but the rush that she was experiencing now was stronger than ever. The tropical seaside atmosphere made everything more enchanting. She and Vo would meet each other on the beach promenade every morning before the sun came up. They would sit on Vos motorcycle and whispered sweet nothings into each others ear, stealing a kiss here and there, like all the other couples Ana had observed when she first arrived in Nha Trang. Then they would walk down the beach, barefoot and in each others arms, stopping only when the first ray of sunrise lit up their cheeks. They would stand and face the horizon, inhale the salty mist over the sea and soak in the warm, golden glory of the new day. Afterward they would walk across Tran Phu Boulevard to visit the various vendors on the sidewalk, sitting on the low stools and slurping down bowls of steaming ph, looking into each others eyes, smiling foolishly.
After breakfast, they would get back on Vos motorcycle and ride to other fishing villages and resort towns. Ana would wrap her arms around Vos waist, and squeeze him gently as he zoomed along the coast. When the sun became blazing hot, Ana would cover her head with the hood of her fleece jacket, and then put on her helmet, blending in with the other women as that was the standard motorcycle fashion in Vietnam. Sometimes, Ana would close her eyes and take in Vos scent, carried in the headwind. All her pores opened as a powerful sense of excitement infused her skin. 
In the afternoons they would go out on the sea in Vos fishing boat, and cruise around the islands of Nha Trang Bay. When they visited the Pearl Island, they would spend hours exploring its coral reefs and trekking all over its forested hills. Afterward, Vo would gather a couple of coconuts that had fallen to the sand, and whack them open with a knife. They would sit in the shade of the coconut grove and drink the cool, refreshing juice as if it were some kind of love potion. 
Ana managed to report to her job at Quan Bien Dong every evening, and when her shift was over, she would come out to find Vo standing by his motorcycle, waiting for her. They would go to the night market and sample all the delicious finger foods, and then comment on the clothes and household items being peddled by vendors who were yelling the prices into megaphones. Vo would only send Ana home when the night market shut down around midnight. The parting at the door of Anas apartment building every night was extremely painful, and it was only with great self-control that they were able to leave each others arms, knowing that they would see each other again in just a few hours time.
The sun had barely come up one day when Vo and Ana went north across the River Cai to visit the Po Nagar Cham temples. They climbed up the winding steps of the Cu Lao Hill to the upper terrace where the main towers stood. The view over the river, which was dotted with red and blue fishing boats and a variety of waterfowls, was at once calming and exhilarating for Ana. She tried to imagine what the river was like over a thousand years ago, when snowy egrets would roam wild in the lush green beds of reed over the blue river before it poured into sea.
After they admired the estuary in the soft light of the morning sun, they went to pray. They entered each of the ancient temples quietly, leaving their shoes outside as it was the custom in Vietnam. Inside each temple, they offered the deity incense and worshiped silently. Ana was thankful for her new beginnings in Nha Trang, and prayed that she would have the wisdom and the iron will to conquer all the difficulties in her life. They took their time especially inside the temple dedicated to Yang Ino Po Nagar, the patron goddess of Nha Trang. Ana paced back and forth within the small, dark temple, reaching to touch the cold, black stone walls. She paused to listen to the subtle hum resonating in the tall, mostly hollow temple, and thought that she had heard the prayers of all the worshippers that had come before her since the temple was erected over a millennium ago.
Look, a bride, said Ana when she and Vo exited the Po Nagar temple.
Ana admired the woman who was in an elegant wedding gown, posing with a man Ana assumed to be the groom. A photographer was capturing their happiness with the help of an assistant, who was holding a reflector. Ana couldnt help but imagine herself as the bride, posing with Vo.
Come with me, said Vo. He took her hand and started walking toward the back of the temple complex.
They arrived at a hidden garden on the reverse slope of the Cu Lao Hill. There were pink desert rose bushes and fragrant plumeria plants growing alongside the rocks. Vo led Ana to a bench and they sat down. Ana was delighted to be alone in a secret cove. Vo removed a velvet pouch from his pocket, and put it in Anas hand.
Inside the pouch, Ana was surprised to find a sterling silver necklace with a single pearl as its pendant. She inspected the pearl, and realized that it was the one she had found inside an oyster during her first trip to the Pearl Island.
So this is what you did with it, said Ana. I almost forgot about it. You said you were going to identify it. She felt the pits of the pearl with her finger and adored the beauty of the simple necklace.
I had to make an excuse so you would let me keep the pearl for a while until I could get it made into a necklace for you, said Vo.
Ana was happy to hear it. Vo was already in love with her when they went to the Pearl Island the first time. She was not having a one-sided love affair after all.
Vo put the necklace on Ana, and studied its effect. He grinned and said, Now you are really mine.
What, this is not a noose, is it? 
I kind of want it to be, said Vo.
Ana made a fist and pounded on Vos chest lightly in protest. Vo caught her hand, and pulled her into his arms. 
When they came back up to the upper terrace, an old man with white hair, sitting on a low stool, was reciting a verse.

Love strikes,
Two become one.
Life strikes,
One becomes two.
When it begins,
Its already ending.
The laws of nature
Allow no bending.
Hear your future be foretold,
If you dare, before you are old.

Ana realized that the man was a fortune teller, but he was an unusual one because he was speaking in English. His eyes were closed, and Ana assumed that he was blind. Her first instinct was to ignore the fortune teller and went on her way with Vo, but a mysterious force was pushing her toward the man. Before she knew it, she had sat down in front of him.
Are you serious? said Vo. He stood behind Ana.
The blind man grabbed Anas right hand and said, You have journeyed far.
Ana sat in silence, listening intently. 
All the tourists here have journeyed far, said Vo.
The blind man felt the lines on the palm of Anas hand, and nodded before he said, A very tough life. Many tragedies. Parents died when you were very young. Not lucky in marriage at all. But you have two kids. Wait.
He pressed a little harder into Anas hand, and after much consideration, he said, New love, this gentleman next to you. 
Ana still didnt say anything. She was transfixed. 
You have sought me out, so I will tell you what you want to know, said the blind man. There are dangers ahead. The love you lack will appear. The love you have will vanish. Take great care. He let go of Anas hand.
Thats it? said Vo. 
Ana thanked the blind man, and tossed some money into the jar next to his stool.
It was a bunch of nonsense, said Vo as they walked back toward his motorcycle.
I guess I just had to listen to what he had to say, nonsense or otherwise. They all speak in riddles, the fortune tellers, said Ana. 
We make our own fortunes, said Vo, not the blind old man or some unseen superpower. We dictate our future. Whatever we cant control, theres no use worrying about it. Come on, I hate to see your smile ruined by some demented gibberish. He probably used the same lines on everyone. There are dangers ahead. Take great care. Vo tried to mimic the solemn tone of the blind mans voice.
Ana laughed as she put on her helmet and got behind Vo on the motorcycle. Vo started the engine and said, Lets go to Lac Canh and have some barbeque with a cold beer. That will make anyone feel better.
Okay, said Ana. She could hardly wait.
Chapter 27
Where have you been all day? said Lan as Vo walked into his apartment while whistling a cheery tune. She was sitting on the couch in the living room, holding a cell phone.
I went for a walk, said Vo. He grabbed a glass of water from the kitchen, and sat down opposite his mother.
That was a long walk. I called the Sailing Club and the Institute of Oceanography. They both said you are taking a few days off. So what have you been up to, just walking every day from morning to midnight?
I have to think over some things. Clear my mind, said Vo, drinking his water.
Clear your mind? said Lan. I just talked to Kims mother. Kim is still going to work in the ER every day, taking care of sick people, working twelve-hour shifts. She should be the one taking off from work; you really broke her heart. But no, you are celebrating instead.
Kim is entitled to do whatever she wants. She seems to be holding up fine, said Vo, leaning back to relax.
She is working hard so she wont be thinking about you. You have brought shame to both our families.
Vo didnt say anything. The door of the apartment opened again, and Vidal walked in this time, looking sprightly.
Vidal, I am glad you are back, said Lan. Talk some sense into Vo. You are best friends. There is still hope. Kims parents are still willing to accept the marriage proposal if Vo will apologize and get back with Kim.
I will apologize, said Vo, but I am not getting back with Kim. We were never together anyway, not the way you want us to.
How dare you talk back to me! said Lan, raising her voice. Dont use your lousy American manners with me. You are Vietnamese and you do not talk back to your elders.
Im trying to tell you how I feel. Does that not matter to you? said Vo.
No, how you feel doesnt matter to me. What matters to me is the fact that you are the only man in this family and you have not given me a grandson. Who is going to carry on our bloodline?
I cant believe what Im hearing. Did you forget your daughters, my sisters? They all have kids now, said Vo. Anyway, there is an overpopulation crisis in the world. I dont need to contribute to that. He stood up from his chair, frustrated.
Your sisters kids dont count, said Lan. They belong to your sisters husbands families.
Vo, said Vidal, just sit down. Your mom needs some time to process. Its all too sudden and too unexpected for her to accept.
Who asked for your opinion? said Vo. This is our family problem, between my mom and me. We dont need your help.
Lan stood up, too. Vo, you dont need to take it out on Vidal. I asked him to come to Vietnam and keep tabs on you because you wouldnt call or write, and I was worried. Hes like a brother to you, and like a son to me, so I want him here to help me get you back.
Get me back where? Im fine here, said Vo. Hes like a son to you? Well, get him to marry Kim, and make you those grandsons that you want. 
Vo, be reasonable, said Vidal.
I am being reasonable. Did you hear her? said Vo. She doesnt think her daughters kids count? My sisters will cry when they hear this.
She didnt mean it, said Vidal.
All the same, said Vo. I was doing fine here by myself, and now you are both getting on my nerves.
I know. I have overstayed my welcome a long time ago, said Vidal.
Yes you have. Need help packing? said Vo.
Vo, thats too much. I wont stand it. You cant treat your best friend like that, said Lan.
I dont know if we are still best friends, said Vo.
Okay. You two dont need to fight over me. Ill leave now, said Vidal. He went into the bedroom where hes been sleeping in and closed the door.
Lan and Vo stood in silence and couldnt speak because of anger. Vidal came back out of the bedroom with a suitcase.
Well, Mrs. Nguyen, thank you for everything. I will see you back in the States soon, I hope, said Vidal. He turned to Vo and said, Vo, thanks for letting me crash here. I wont bother you no more. Vidal left the apartment.
Vo, you need to make up with Vidal, said Lan. Youve been like brothers growing up. Dont forget he stuck out for you when the kids were making fun of you in school, calling you and your sisters boat people and other ugly names. You nearly got your skull cracked open if it werent for Vidal who took the blow for you.
Vo didnt say anything. His hands, which had been held in tight fists, began to loosen.
Are you mad at him because of Colette? It wasnt his fault. We all tried to get you to marry Colette for years and years, but it just wasnt meant to be, said Lan.
Im not blaming him for what happened to Colette and me. Its just that, since Colette died, something inside me changed. I am just angry at the whole world. Why does Vidal have to come and stand in the line of fire? Vo sat down, rubbing his head with one hand.
Lan took a deep breath, and sat down, too.
Vo continued to say, I was trying to get away from everyone. Vidal shouldve gotten the signal and stayed away.
He got the signal all right, said Lan. I asked him to come. Actually I begged him to come. Its true I was selfish, and I needed him to get through to you, because I couldnt. There is this huge gap between you and me, and I cant cross it, no matter how hard I try. I thought everything would be easy compared to the war. What can be more painful than being forced to leave your homeland? I know now, its seeing your child suffer, and there is nothing you can do to help. Its being rejected by your own son, being told by him that you are not wanted.
Mom, said Vo, with a little remorse in his voice.
Im not finished, said Lan. I asked Vidal to come for another reason. He needed you. His law firm laid him off.
What? He never mentioned it. Vos anger toward Vidal was somewhat mitigated by this new piece of information. 
Many corporates had gone under in the last few years, and his firm didnt need as many lawyers anymore. He values his career as much as you do yours, you know. He was crushed, said Lan. He was already depressed from losing Colette. He lost you, too, in a sense. So when he lost his job, it was like the whole world had turned upside down. Did you even notice that he lost weight when he first got here? I bet you didnt, all wrapped up in yourself. Anyway, he moved back home because he couldnt afford his apartment downtown, and he locked himself up in his room for weeks. His mother had to beg him to drink water. It took a great deal of effort, but we finally convinced him to come to Nha Trang. We thought maybe you two can help each other out.
Why didnt you tell me sooner? said Vo in disbelief.
Vidal asked me not to. He didnt want you to feel obligated to do anything. He just wanted to come and chill with his best friend, using his word.
How was I going to help if I didnt know what was going on?
I thought you two would have figured things out by now. You guys used to be like the two sides of a coin, always in each others head without much help from us.
We might have figured it out if you didnt ask him to get me and Kim together. We didnt have time to talk about our own problems. All we did was arguing over Kim, said Vo.
Fine, that was my mistake. But you do need to get married. You cant be a bachelor forever.
You cant force these things.
I should have forced you to marry Colette sooner. I would have had a few grandsons by now.
Or granddaughters. Anyway, like you said, it just wasnt meant to be.
What is it? said Lan. You used to be so upset when we brought up Colette. I know you regret it, too, wasting all those years when you could be having a family of your own. You dont even sound like you care anymore.
Whats the use? We cant bring her back.
Lan studied Vos face and said, Is there someone else on your mind? A new girlfriend?
Unsure of how his mother would react, Vo hesitated to answer. But she would have to know sooner or later. He said, Actually, yes, there is someone.
Is this why you didnt want to go through the engagement with Kim?
I never wanted to marry Kim. I just didnt know how to break it to you or Kims parents. Anyway, then Ana showed up, said Vo.
Ana, so thats her name, said Lan.
Yes, her name is Ana. I cant explain it. I didnt think I could fall in love again after Colette left me. I didnt want to. But with Ana, it just happened. Im in love with her. I love her, said Vo.
Marriage is not all about love. How much do you know about this Ana? said Lan. I know Kim really well. I know her parents. Her mother and I are old friends. Kims had a great college education, and she is a licensed nurse. She can cook, Vidal told me, and you know how picky he is. And shes still in her twenties, so that means babies. Kim is a very good match by all standards.
Mom, I thought we were talking about Ana. Ive heard all about Kim already. I know whoever marries her will be very lucky, but I am not going to be that person. I cant marry her if I dont love her, said Vo, frustrated.
Okay, so tell me about this Ana. I have the right to know. I am your mother.
Shes free-spirited, kind, witty, and beautiful. I feel so happy just being next to her, said Vo, as if recounting a dream.
Wheres she from? How old is she? What do her parents do for a living? What does she do for a living?
Shes a photographer, and she teaches Russian.
Russian? She learned it in school? They teach Russian in schools here?
I suppose she couldve had Russian in school, like I had English in school. Shes from Russia.
What? I thought you were talking about a Vietnamese girl.
I didnt think you would have a problem with that. Colette was not Vietnamese.
Colette was special, said Lan. Anyway, I admit that I prefer to have a Vietnamese daughter-in-law, so she can speak our language and cook our dishes when I am old. Well, thats not so important. Your own sisters cant carry on an intellectual conversation in Vietnamese, and all they can make is pasta and frozen pizza. So, no, I dont have a problem with a girl from Russia.
I really appreciate your understanding, Mom, said Vo.
Shes an artist? That means no steady income, said Lan with a frown.
Well, she does have a day job. No, I should say, an evening job.
You are not making any sense. So, can I meet this Ana before I leave for America? You know I am leaving soon. My restaurant needs me.
I will arrange for you to meet Ana. I am sure she will be all right with it. We really just started going out.
So, you mean you are not sure whether you will marry her yet? Here I am thinking you are serious already.
I am serious. We are just not at that point where we talk about marriage yet. You cant hurry these things.
In your case, youd better hurry. You took way too long with Colette, and look what happened.
I promise you that I wont take too long with Ana, but there is a customary period of courtship to be observed.
You really are happy, arent you? said Lan. You only talk funny when you are. Well, I am going to bed. I cant wait till you are settled down so I can retire and babysit your kids. Whoever this Ana is, shed better give me some grandsons. Thats all I ask for.
She got up and walked toward her bedroom. She stopped, and turned around to say, And dont forget to make it up with Vidal. He told me that hes working as a bouncer at an American nightclub. Whats a bouncer?
You dont want to know, said Vo. You will only worry. I will try and find him tomorrow. I dont think he will leave Nha Trang so quickly.
Lan was satisfied with that answer, and went into her room.
Vo was relieved that his mother seemed to have forgiven him for the fiasco with Kim, but somehow, he didnt think that his mother would be too happy with Ana. Regardless, it was not up to his mother. He didnt need for his mother to approve of a wife, even though it would make for a much easier life.

Chapter 28
It had been a rewarding day at the Institute of Oceanography. Ivan cleaned the saltwater pools and fed the fish for the last time, and then gave a short presentation on the dolphins of the South China Sea to his fellow camp mates. It was the last day of the summer camp, and after all the students did their chores and presentations, they went out with Vo on his fishing boat to Hon Mun. They had a great picnic of Vietnamese finger foods and fresh fruits, and then took turns kayaking in the crystal clear water. All the boys enjoyed snorkeling, observing the coral reefs and their colorful resident fish. They even got to see some reef sharks and manta rays, a rare sight. They were all giggling, having the best time of their lives, when Vo announced that they had to return to Nha Trang. Their faces were sad and long when they said goodbye to one another back at the port. Mr. Nguyen gave everyone a hug and then a manly handshake. Ivan was the last one to leave. He had grown so fond of Vo, looking up to him for guidance and comfort, that he felt a little sick at this farewell.
Vo patted Ivan on the back and said, If you need someone to talk to, you can always come by to see me, no appointment needed. 
Ivan bit his lower lip, fought back his tears and said, Thank you, Mr. Nguyen. You are the best.
Ive enjoyed having you here as well, said Vo. He waved goodbye and rode away on his motorcycle.
Ivan stepped on his skateboard and started moving toward the city center. He met up with Misha and the other skateboarding pals at the beach park, and they all had a good time showing off their new tricks. Ivan had just mastered the tre flip over the summer, and gathered quite a few compliments on it. As usual a crowd of local kids came to watch. There were also quite a few Vietnamese teenagers beside Duong who skateboarded in their own groups. All of them used the inclined wall connecting the street and the beach park as a skateboarding ramp, and even performed some aerial tricks flying down the series of steps at the promenade. Once or twice someone would lose control and glide all the way into traffic on the street. This invariably caused everyone to shout anxiously as the cars came to a screeching halt. Presently, Koji was the one standing in the middle of the busy Tran Phu Boulevard. He turned the brim of his baseball cap from back to front, and sheepishly carried his skateboard back onto the promenade.
Are you okay? said Josh.
Im cool, said Koji.
Before they could resume skateboarding, a police officer came to warn them not to get onto the street again. This might result in a ticket or a visit to the local police station in the future. They were also warned not to disturb the locals who were gathering to either exercise or socialize. The police had received several complaints about their unruly attitude and reckless maneuvers that sometimes collided with pedestrians and caused minor injuries. 
After the police officer left, everyone decided to call it a day. Ivan stayed behind as usual to wait for Sofia. The sun was about to set and the ocean had turned a grayish blue. The sky was painted in shades of purple. Ivan sat down on a bench to take in the breeze.
Hi, Ivan, said Sofia as she appeared behind him. She was wearing a white linen sun dress. Her red curly hair was fixed in a high ponytail with a plumeria hair tie. She was barefoot, as she often was when she walked on the beach. She had told Ivan that she loved to feel the sand sink away with each step, and she savored the caress of the water around her ankles as the gentle waves came in. 
Hi, Sofia, said Ivan, awestruck again by Sofias simple yet sophisticated look and the sweet smile on her face. She looked completely different from the bossy, know-it-all class president that he met the first day of school a few months ago. As a matter of fact, once summer began, Sofia had always appeared more relaxed and easygoing, unlike Ivans friends description of a competitive, even cutthroat, overachiever.
Sofia sat down next to Ivan, and he noticed the glass jar of seashells in her hand. He said, Whats that?
These are some of my most treasured seashells that Ive collected from the beach here.
You know that you are supposed to leave some for the other kids right? Imagine how sad those kids will be when they dont find any seashells on their beach vacations. Plus, arent you helping to erode the beach or something like that? said Ivan, half-jokingly.
I am not sure there is any scientific basis to your second statement, said Sofia with a serious expression on her face
Relax, I was kidding, said Ivan.
They went on a beach walk hand in hand, and watched people practice martial arts and line dancing. They made fun of teenage couples that were necking on their motorcycles, and laughed at the middle-aged, pot-bellied men jogging without their shirts. They stopped to practice their Vietnamese conversation with a group of gray-haired women sitting at the edge of the water, wearing dresses instead of swim suits.
Finally, Ivan and Sofia went to the caf they frequently visited to get durian smoothies. They looked at each other with smiles and giggles while sipping their cold drinks. When they were halfway through, Sofias smile suddenly disappeared and her face became shrouded by a gloom.
Ivan stopped smiling, too. Whats the matter? said Ivan.
Sofia set the glass jar of seashells in front of Ivan and said, I want you to keep these for me while I am gone. My papa and I are visiting Russia for two weeks. We are leaving tomorrow. I will be back before school starts. My papa only just told me last night.
Bummer. I will miss you the entire time till you come back, said Ivan solemnly.
Sofia looked out the window and said, My ride is here, so I will say goodbye now.
Why dont we plan to meet at our usual spot across the street from here when you return? Right there by that bench under that coconut tree. Ivan pointed toward the beach.
Sure. Lets make a promise. Sofia showed Ivan her pinky, and Ivan hooked it with his.
So, I will wait for you on that bench two weeks from today, said Ivan.
Make it two weeks and a day, said Sofia.
They said their goodbyes reluctantly as Ivan walked Sofia out of the caf. Sofia turned in the last minute and threw her arms around Ivan. Ivans hands were occupied by the skateboard and the jar of seashells, so he couldnt reciprocate. Sofia gazed into Ivans eyes one more time, then kissed him gently on his lips before she turned around and entered the backseat of the black Rolls Royce. Ivan stood and watched until the car disappeared into the horizon.
Feeling dejected, Ivan slowly moved toward his apartment on his skateboard, holding the jar of seashells. He hadnt had any dinner besides the durian smoothie, but he was not hungry. Sofia said that she would return, but it felt like they were parting forever. 
When Ivan got home, a Vietnamese woman was standing outside the door. She looked at Ivan and said, Are you Anas son?
Yes, are you looking for my ma?
I came for my five oclock Russian lesson, but no one answered the door.
Ivan remembered that it was Monday, his mothers day off from the restaurant. He said, Ill go in and see.
Its too late, now. I have to go back to work. When you see your mother, please ask her to call me. My name is Mai Nguyen. I am the head chef at the restaurant where your mother works. She knows my number. Mai turned around, and walked down the stairs to exit the apartment building.
Ivan opened his apartment door with his key and went inside. It was dark, with the curtains drawn. He turned on the light. There was paper everywhere in the small living room, photographs that Ana was working on and handouts for her Russian-learning students. Ivan went to the kitchen, and saw a couple of empty vodka bottles in the trash can.
He went to his room to set his skateboard and the jar of seashells down. He gathered some clean clothes and headed to the bathroom. When he came out again, he was surprised to see his mother in the living room, apparently trying to tidy it up.
Ma, you are home?
Hi, Ivan, had a good day? said Ana. She looked cheerful.
It was okay. Your student was looking for you. Mai Nguyen. She said she was the head chef at your restaurant.
Mai? Oh goodness. I completely forgot about it, said Ana, who stopped cleaning, and seemed to be going over her schedule in her head.
She wants you to call her, said Ivan. He was heading toward his room again, when the apartment door opened and Zoe came in.
Zoe was carrying two bags of groceries. She gestured for Ivan to follow her to the kitchen, and removed the contents from the bags. There were fresh fruits, sandwiches, savory pastries, a jug of milk and a carton of juice. She even brought a to-go box with stir-fried mixed vegetables and a whole roasted duck.
This should last you a few days. I will bring some more later, Zoe said to Ivan.
Sweet, said Ivan. He was hungry all of a sudden, and tackled one of the sandwiches right away.
Zoe opened the refrigerator, which was practically empty except for some leftovers Ana brought back from her restaurant. 
Youre still at the camp? said Zoe as she filled the refrigerator
Today was the last day, said Ivan with his mouth full.
And still going out with Sofia?
Yeah, but shes going to Russia for two weeks, said Ivan sullenly.
Oh come on. Be a man about it. What happened to your skateboard friends?
We got chewed out by a cop today. He said we were too annoying, basically.
Good, keep annoying him, said Zoe with a laugh.
Whats this? said Ana when she came into the kitchen and saw the groceries.
Im just making sure my brother doesnt starve to death, said Zoe. She finished filling the refrigerator, and made a move to leave.
Wait a minute. I am the mother. I can take care of Ivan, said Ana.
You are the mother. Then be a mother! said Zoe. 
What do you think Ive been doing all this time? Did I leave you two behind in Russia? I brought you down here to start over, and Ive been trying so hard to be your mother, to do what a mother does. You dont seem to appreciate it. Youd rather shack up with that thug from the nightclub, said Ana, raising her voice.
I am surprised you remember that thug. You were pretty drunk the night you met him, said Zoe sarcastically.
Im quitting, said Ana. There wont be any more alcohol.
So you say, said Zoe.
Come back home and watch me, said Ana.
What? Are you blackmailing me? I have nothing to do with your drinking. Dont pin that on me.
Stop it, said Ivan, almost yelling.
All three were silent for a minute, and then Ivan said, slowly and glumly, I hate my life. He went back to his room.
Ana and Zoe stared at each other, neither willing to take the blame for Ivans depressing outlook. After a minute, Ana said, Well, are you coming home to stay or what?
Not a chance, said Zoe. Im leaving now. And surprise me by staying sober, will you?
Zoe left the apartment, slamming the door loudly behind her. 
Ana sat down in a chair by the kitchen table to clear her thoughts. She had already made up her mind to quit drinking after Vo came to see her the other day. She had some vodka left, so she decided to drink up the rest, and then she would have no more. Nothing alcoholic, not even chocolates laced with rum or cough syrup with ethanol. But sitting at the kitchen table right now, feeling defeated by lack of love and respect from her children, it took all the strength she had not to run out and get a glass of wine just to help her relax. 
Ana got up and went to open the refrigerator, fully aware that there was no more vodka left in it, but she had to check anyway. She closed the refrigerator, somewhat disappointed. She checked all the drawers and cabinets in the kitchen; nothing alcoholic was present. She went to her bedroom and checked there; nothing. She went to the living room and turned on the television, and saw a commercial for Saigon Beer, which reminded her of her first drink since she left Russia. She was with Vo, having a good time at the barbeque restaurant Lac Canh. Thinking of Vo helped her to persevere in her effort to remain sober, but when she remembered that she was to meet Vos mother in two days, she got anxious. Her hands started shaking, and she felt nauseated. She got very thirsty, and drank a whole bottle of water to try to quench it. She went to her room and lay down in an attempt to get through her craving by falling asleep. It failed. She got up, took a deep breath, and grabbed her purse. She would just go and walk around in the night market, maybe get a smoked squid on a stick, then get a fresh coconut and enjoy that on the beach. That ought to help, she thought as she went out on the street.
Chapter 29
Lan was standing at the curb of the busy Tran Phu Blouvard, trying to find a gap in the traffic so that she could cross it safely. She was carrying an overflowing bag of groceries in her left hand, while holding on to her purse with her right. She looked to the left, then to the right, and then to the left again. After decades of living in the United States, she had lost the ability to dart across a four-lane road without being hit by a moving vehicle. She was too tired to go to the nearest stoplight, which was five minutes walk away.
She had gone shopping in preparation for the meeting with Ana that day. Vo would bring Ana home for lunch, and Lan was going to make bnh canh ch c, the noodle soup with fried fish cake. It was Anas favorite dish in Nha Trang, Vo had informed Lan. Although Lan was not happy about the failed marriage arrangement between Vo and her best friends daughter, Kim, she decided to be a gracious host so as not to alienate her son.
Lan was deep in her thoughts when a loud rumble approached her, and before she could react her purse was snatched away by force. Lan fell onto the ground and the bag of groceries broke open. Lan looked up and saw a man on a motorcycle, and he was quickly disappearing into the traffic. Instinctively, Lan screamed for help.
A stocky boy with brown hair came and asked Lan if she was all right.
My purse, my purse, said Lan, struggling to get up. 
Seeing that Lan was unharmed, the boy hopped on his skateboard and took off after the robber.
A few other bystanders came and helped Lan to a nearby bench. One of them produced a bag and collected Lans groceries. Someone had summoned a police officer as well, but Lan was too upset to give any useful details of the robber. 
Lan was still panting and trembling from the attack when the stocky boy returned on his skateboard, holding Lans purse. He gave it back to her.
How did you catch up with the robber? said one of the bystanders.
Just then a group of locals appeared with the robbers hands bound behind him. They explained that he had run a red light and got hit by another motorcycle. Traffic stopped and people got out of their vehicles to see what happened. He was moaning on the ground at the intersection when the boy on the skateboard arrived to let everyone know of the earlier incident. Some volunteers quickly made a citizens arrest and brought him back to the crime scene, while others helped to clear the intersection so that traffic could resume.
Lan gave the robber a disgusted look and wished she had the strength to do him some physical damage. The police officer took him away while the bystanders and the volunteers scattered. 
Lan stopped the boy when he was about to leave on his skateboard. What is your name? said Lan. 
My name is Ivan.
Ivan, thank you so much for helping me, said Lan. She put her palms together and bowed.
Ivan reciprocated with the same gesture and said, Please, dont thank me. It was the right thing to do, and I had a lot of help.
Lan just kept on thanking Ivan, who finally broke it up by saying, Do you need help crossing the street? 
Lan nodded.
After Lan made it to the other side with the help of brave Ivan standing in the middle of the road to force the traffic to stop, she suddenly realized that Ivan had been speaking to her in Vietnamese. She thought it was odd, but before she could question Ivan where he learned to speak her language, he had disappeared.
When Lan finished making the noodle soup, she was still thinking about the young hero who came to save her day. She went to rest on the couch in the living room, her anxiety of meeting Ana completely replaced by the delight of having met a boy with such kindness and courage. The door opened, and Vidal came in first, followed by Vo and Ana. Ana was wearing a modest, somewhat formal knee-length dress, light pink, with a pair of sensible pumps. Her makeup was simple. She had her long brunette hair up in a bun, and wore a silver necklace with a single pearl. Lan had thoroughly inspected Ana within the first few seconds.
Something smells really good, said Vidal.
After Lan and Ana were formally introduced to each other, everyone sat down at the kitchen table to dine. Besides the noodle soup, Lan had prepared a few side dishes. Vidal commented on how grateful he was that Vo had found him and asked him to come back so that he could enjoy this wonderful meal. Vo and Lan laughed. Ana, unaware of what Vidal was referring to, simply kept silent while enjoying the home-cooked food. She didnt know what she was supposed to say or do otherwise, this being the first time ever she was brought to meet the parent of a suitor.
So, Ana, you are from Russia? said Lan. She put down her chopsticks, and wiped her mouth with a napkin.
Yes, I am from Novosibirsk. Its in Siberia, said Ana.
What brings you to Nha Trang? 
I wanted to try and live somewhere warm. My hometown is very cold. Ana fidgeted a little in her chair.
I see a lot of Russians here, said Lan. I was surprised when I first got here.
Ana gave a nod, but said nothing.
Its a good thing. Tourism brings money, said Vidal. Mrs. Nguyen, you should open a restaurant here to catch some of that cash. Your restaurant could easily beat the one Ana works at.
I waitress at Quan Bien Dong, said Ana.
Oh, I remember now, said Lan. You were the waitress that took our orders that night when Vo and Kim were supposed to get engaged.
Feeling somewhat embarrassed, Ana shifted slightly in her seat.
Mom, she works there, said Vo. Ana is a photographer during the day. She won a contest recently.
Did you major in photography in college? said Lan.
I didnt go to college, said Ana.
You mean you only finished high school? My son is a PhD and a university professor.
And he is the only PhD and university professor that you know of, Mrs. Nguyen, said Vidal. Not everyone is as fortunate as Vo to have the resources to get there.
How could you take good pictures if you didnt study it in college? said Lan. She took a sip of her water.
I read up on it, said Ana, and I look at a lot of photographs, good ones and bad ones. But mostly, I just let my instincts tell me whats going to make a good picture.
So photography is not too hard, right? said Lan. I dont think Vo can become a marine biologist just by reading about it or looking at the fish in the sea.
Mom, I do also mostly read and look at the fish, said Vo, shaking his head.
Ana kept quiet, feeling uneasy. She looked down to avoid eye contact with Lan.
Ana is also a teacher, said Vidal. She teaches Russian. Some of her students are local businessmen, doctors and lawyers. She is teaching PhDs how to speak Russian.
Thats true. I am her student, too, said Vo.
Ana gave a thankful smile at the two men speaking in her defense.
Lan took another sip of her water and said, Tell me about your parents.
They are both deceased, said Ana.
Tell me what they did for a living, what they liked to do for fun, what their personalities were like, said Lan.
Ana hesitated for a few seconds, then she said, I dont really know. They died when I was very young. My grandmother brought me up. She was a seamstress. We didnt do much for fun. We could hardly get enough food to eat, or enough firewood to keep warm. My grandmother would hum a little tune and twirl me around when we waited in line for bread. I suppose that was fun. She looked down again.
No one said anything for a while. Ana wondered if perhaps she shouldnt have mentioned her despairing childhood.
Any other family in Russia? said Lan.
No family in Russia. My two kids are here with me.
Two kids? said Lan. Her eyes enlarged as she leaned forward. She turned to look at Vo.
Yes, my boy is eleven, and my daughter will turn seventeen soon, said Ana.
Did you know this? said Lan. It was directed at Vo. Vo nodded. 
Lan looked back at Ana and said, So you are divorced?
Yes, I divorced last year, said Ana.
Lan frowned and leaned back into her seat.
Mrs. Nguyen, said Vidal, this soup is delicious. Whats your secret ingredient? He held his bowl with two hands and dumped the broth in his mouth in an exaggerated loud slurp.
Lan didnt answer. She folded her arms across her chest, and looked slightly annoyed. She said something to Vo in Vietnamese in a scornful tone. Vo said something back to Lan, sounding equally scathing.
Ana held her hands on her lap under the table, one rubbing the other out of nervousness. Her heart was racing and she felt slightly dizzy and nauseated. 
Lan said, switching back to English, looking straight into Anas eyes, You will have more kids, I hope, if you and my son get married. He is an only son. There will be no one to carry on our bloodline if he does not have a son of his own.
Ana felt as if a gust of wind had blown her into a vacuum and the blood was now rushing away from her head. She was struck speechless. Her mouth was half-open, but no word came out of it.
Mrs. Nguyen, we can only pray about these things, said Vidal. Vo cant just have a son by simply wanting one. Its up to God.
Mom, why are we discussing this again? said Vo. We are in the twenty-first century, for crying out loud.
Lan was persistent, and she repeated her statement to Ana. She seemed to have her eyes fixed on Anas until Ana would give a response.
Vo reached out to hold Anas hands, which were trembling slightly, turning cold and sweaty. His hands were warm and comforting to Ana; she would be brave, and tell the truth.
I had a stillbirth last year, said Ana, a week before the due date. My bleeding wouldnt stop and the doctors had to operate to save my life. 
Everyone was looking at Ana, listening intently. It felt like the center of a tropical storm, quiet and still.
Ana took a deep breath in and said, I survived, but the doctors had to perform a hysterectomy to stop me from bleeding to death. I-I cant have any more children. Ana turned to look at Vo, who gave Anas hand a gentle squeeze, and then took her in his arms.
Chapter 30
Zoe didnt tell anyone that it was her birthday. She met up with Ivan and had a durian smoothie, and listened to Ivan talk about Sofia the entire time. Before they parted Ivan gave her a hug and wished her a happy birthday. She could not recall ever having a more festive birthday celebration anyway. On a typical birthday in the past, she would get a book from her teacher at school, and her great grandmother would buy her a small box of fancy chocolates. Her mother would get her a new dress, but this was not predictable, because her mother did not always remember her birthday.
What are you thinking about? said Tam as she came into the restroom. Zoe was standing in front of a mirror, lost in her thoughts until now.
Nothing, said Zoe.
Youve been really quiet lately. Anything on your mind?
Zoe had decided not to tell Tam or the rest of her band about Irisa, who had been providing a steady stream of information that Zoe passed on to Tuan. Zoe had been urging Tuan to swoop in to arrest Boris and rescue Irisa, but Tuan asked her to be patient so that he could follow up on the leads. His superior wouldnt give the go-ahead anyway when he brought it up, he told Zoe. He was instructed to leave the Rocking Waves alone. It was a legitimate business operation, confirmed and verified by officers far more senior and experienced than Tuan. In fact, it was hinted that Tuan might face disciplinary actions if he were to pursue further investigation. 
Zoe had also been hiding her bruises from her band. Thankfully, Yurik had not gotten to her face. Boris might not like it, as the Cardinals Choir was still a draw for many customers. In order to keep her job, however, Zoe had given in and her band had started playing songs that Boris considered more popular and mainstream. Zoe had to stay in the nightclub to get information from Irisa. Her band members never liked the idea, and wanted to find employment elsewhere, but Zoe persuaded them to stay, as a favor. She wouldnt explain, however, the reason behind it.
Zoe? said Tam again.
What is it? Zoe blinked, and looked at Tam as if she just returned from another dimension.
Never mind, said Tam. Ready to rock and roll?
There was a large crowd that night, and it was already loud before Billie started the band off with her foot-stomping beats on the drums. Nelly took the lead vocal because Zoe didnt care to sing any of the songs that Boris wanted her band to perform. Zoe was only putting up with it for as long as it took to get Irisa out; she wasnt even thinking about her own livelihood at this point. She wasnt certain whether she could find another job if the Rocking Waves got taken down, but that was minor in comparison to her ambition to put an end to Irisas suffering.
Hey, its your mom again, said Aiko. She was tuning her bass guitar during a break when she spotted Zoes mother.
Zoe looked toward where Aiko was pointing. Ana was sitting at a table with a man, someone that Zoe had not met before. They were laughing, holding hands on the table, and kissing every now and then. Zoe decided to stay put, and observe her mother from a distance.
Thats my daughter over there. Shes staring at me right now, Ana nodded toward Zoe, who looked away.
So thats the birthday girl, said Vo.
Yes, said Ana. I hope shell like this dress. She looked into a gift bag under the table.
Shell appreciate the fact that you remember it and want to celebrate it.
I dont know why they are not singing their usual songs, said Ana. She normally does not like this stuff they are playing tonight. Shes into gothic metal, you can tell from her look. 
Are we going to say hi?
Lets just stay here for now. She and I had a fight. Its too soon for us to start talking just yet. Ana took a sip of her Coca Cola on ice.
Vo put on a serious face, looked into Anas eyes and said, About the other day, with my mom. She could be a little difficult at times. Normally shes very easy going.
Good thing I am not going out with her, said Ana.
It had taken Lan more than a minute to fully comprehend what Ana said at the end of their conversation. Lan had gotten up from the dining table and returned to her bedroom without saying goodbye to Ana. Ana regretted that she couldnt have left a better impression on Lan. It was too late now; Lan had returned to the United States.
You were brave. It must have been painful to talk about losing a child, said Vo. I wish I had known about it beforehand, and maybe I couldve helped steer the conversation away from that topic.
You are not upset that I cant have another child? said Ana.
I didnt know we were planning to start a family, said Vo. I havent thought about it.
Ana felt embarrassed, and looked away.
I was joking, said Vo. He reached and turned Anas face toward him. I dont know where fate will lead us, but if we do get married, its not because I want a child. Its because I want you. 
Ana was touched by Vos words, and she smiled and kissed him.
Hey, lovebirds, said McKenzie. He sat down next to Ana. 
Vo gave Ana gave a sheepish smile, and then let go of her hand. 
Hey. Ana was surprised to see McKenzie, too.
You dont have to hide it. I know whats going on here. Vo, you lucky dog, said McKenzie. He took a drink from his bottle of beer. Ana felt thirsty all of a sudden; her glass of Coca Cola was gone.
Have a beer, its on me, said McKenzie. He had brought over two additional bottles of beer.
Vo hadnt ordered a drink yet, so he grabbed a bottle. Ana wanted to decline, but said nothing. She bit her lower lip instead, while running her fingers up and down her empty glass.
Come on, Ana, said McKenzie. At least do me the honor of accepting a beer from me. I never got a chance to buy you a drink before.
After some consideration, Ana trusted herself to not get drunk in front of Vo, and reached for a bottle of beer. No one noticed the slight tremor of her hand as she took a sip. Instantly, she felt relieved as her anxiety slowly melted away. She felt good; she had it under control.
Vo, said McKenzie, this was where Ana and I first met. I had every intention to make her my girlfriend, but you beat me to it.
Ana took another sip of her beer. Then she took a gulp.
I didnt think shed go for a dork like me, to tell you the truth, said Vo. He was smiling.
Ana emptied her bottle of beer and said to McKenzie, Well, heres your chance to buy me another drink. But I want a cocktail with vodka in it.
McKenzie returned with a tall glass of golden beverage and set it down in front of Ana, who immediately took a sip of it via a straw.
Long Island Iced Tea, extra-long, said McKenzie.
Ana paused for a moment, and debated whether she should stop right there. She could handle a shot of vodka alone, she supposed, but this drink contained a few shots of other liquors. She was drinking close to a bottle of vodka a day before, so she calculated that this cocktail couldnt harm her. She would stop as soon as she felt a buzz. She took another sip.
You are going to do her in, McKenzie, said Vo, drinking his beer, still smiling.
When the band started playing again, McKenzie asked Ana to dance. Ana glanced at Vo, who shrugged his shoulders. Ana finished her cocktail, and then she went off to the dance floor with McKenzie. The band was playing a song of a famous American artist. Several people lined up to do the well-known steps of the dance, emulating monsters. McKenzie was trying to copy them, and Ana, instead of dancing, giggled through most of the song, attempting to imitate the gestures only during the last minute.
I havent had so much fun in ages, said Ana when she sat back down next to Vo. McKenzie sat down as well, trying to catch his breath. Ana looked at Vo; he was putting on a long face. 
The dancing was so-so, but you sure know how to make a girl laugh, said Ana. 
McKenzie excused himself to go to the bar. Ana asked Vo if he wanted to dance.
We should probably get going, said Vo.
Wait till the break? I want to wish my daughter a happy birthday, said Ana. She was leaning against Vo and looking into his eyes, begging. 
Okay, said McKenzie as he sat down with three glasses of the crystal clear alcohol. Heres straight vodka, as you like it in Russia. No juice, no ice, just vodka.
I cant, said Vo. One beer is my limit. I have to ride the motorcycle home.
Ana? said McKenzie as he raised his glass to her.
Why not? said Ana. She grabbed a glass and saluted McKenzie. Cheers.
Za zdarovje, said McKenzie. 
Ana was surprised and said, That sounded really good. Wait, I dont remember teaching you that.
I learned some stuff on my own, said McKenzie. 
Ana finished her glass of vodka, and reached for another. She said, Ill take this for Vo. She drank the second glass of vodka in one gulp.
Another dance? McKenzie held out his hand, and Ana took it. 
They danced until the band took a break. Ana returned, feeling hot in the face and euphoric. She had locked arms with McKenzie on the way back. They didnt separate until Vo gave a disapproving grunt.
Anas face became a little serious when Zoe came and stood in front of her. Zoe gave her a severe stare, and then she turned toward McKenzie. 
You need to stay away from her, said Zoe. She was looking at McKenzie while pointing at Ana.
Zoe, hes my friend, said Ana. Be nice. Its McKenzie, remember?
Zoe turned toward Vo, And whos this?
Thats your mothers boyfriend, Vo said McKenzie. He took a sip of his vodka.
Did you let her drink? said Zoe, staring at Vo.
She wanted to celebrate your birthday, Zoe, said Vo. It is your birthday today, isnt it?
Zoe didnt respond.
Happy birthday, Zoe, said Ana. She stood up, trying to give Zoe a hug. Zoe backed away. Ana lost her balance and nearly fell. Vo caught Ana in time, and held her in his arms.
You should leave, and stop drinking, said Zoe.
Vo handed Zoe the gift bag and said, Your mother picked this out for you. Happy birthday. Ill take her home now.
Wait, said Zoe, you are not, staying overnight, are you? 
No, Ill just drop her off, said Vo. She would love for you to come home, though, if you are worried about her.
My brother is there. Hell look after her, said Zoe. She turned around and left.
That Zoe is one tough cookie, said McKenzie. 
Vo led Ana out of the nightclub despite McKenzies protest, and took her back to her apartment on his motorcycle. He waited while Ana tried to open the door to her apartment building with her key; she scratched at the keyhole several times before she inserted the key properly and unlocked the door. 
Should I help you go up the stairs? said Vo.
No, said Ana, I can go up myself. Im too exhausted to explain to my son who you are tonight. I think I will just go up and lie down. Thanks so much for being patient. Zoe never liked anyone I dated. But I think she will like you. You are different.
Different in a good way, I hope, said Vo. He held Anas face, and kissed her.
When Ana got into her apartment, Ivan was already asleep. Ana was glad because she knew that if Ivan had seen her with alcohol on board, he would be upset. Ana gave herself a pat on the back as she jumped into the shower. She had managed not to get drunk. She started and stopped drinking at will. She even had a little bit of fun. She could do this. She didnt have to completely give up alcohol after all. She could just replicate what she did tonight, having a few drinks and then stopping before she got tipsy. She would sleep like a baby now, and then, first thing in the morning, she would go and buy some vodka. Maybe she would get a small refrigerator for her bedroom, and keep the vodka there so that Ivan wouldnt see it and get worried. He wouldnt understand, Ana thought, as she closed her eyes and drifted into her dreams.
Chapter 31
Ana opened the door and let Vo into her apartment. It was just after noon, and Vo had brought her some sandwiches and sodas. Ana quickly picked up the papers and books scattered on the floor and stacked them on a bookshelf, and then she gathered the dirty glasses and plates from the coffee table and the television stand and took those to the kitchen.
Ana returned to the living room with two cups of hot tea, and noticed that Vo was inspecting the floor around his seat. She set the cups down on the coffee table and said, I spilled something there the other day. I havent got the chance to wipe it down properly.
You dont have to clean on my behalf, said Vo. He was smiling. My apartment is a pig sty compared to yours.
Ana sat down on Vos lap and they embraced each other and kissed. 
You sure did make me jealous last night, drinking and dancing with McKenzie, said Vo.
Did I? said Ana. I vaguely remembered dancing with somebody. I thought it was you. Did we dance? She left Vos lap but squeezed in next to him in his chair. She took a sip of her tea.
I am not very good at dancing, said Vo, so I usually sit and watch. You had a great time dancing with McKenzie though. I thought that perhaps you forgot who your boyfriend was after that Long Island Iced Tea McKenzie bought you.
Next time, said Ana, remind me to say no to McKenzie and his drinks. He was probably plotting to get me drunk so that I would act like a fool and you would dump me. She pursed her lips, pretending to pout.
He wouldnt do such a thing. He was just trying to get you to relax and have some fun, said Vo. He pressed his thumb onto Anas lips, and then he leaned forward and kissed them.
After a few minutes, Ana said, My daughter seemed to think that McKenzie was up to no good. She kept giving him the cold shoulder and telling him to get lost. You dont know him that well, either. You barely worked together at the dive center for a couple of months.
You and I barely met just a few months ago, too, and didnt really talk to each other until the last couple of months, either. Should I be worried about you? said Vo. He raised an eyebrow at first, and then he grinned.
They were laughing at each other when the phone rang, and Ana went to the kitchen to answer it. When she came back to the living room, she said to Vo with panic, My son just got arrested.
They hurried out of the apartment and flew to the local police station on Vos motorcycle. Ana felt sick with concern for Ivan, a rare thing since Ivan was born. She had anxiety about her own troubles and Zoes problems all the time, but she never had the slightest stress when it came to Ivan. He was the smart, independent, and self-sufficient child. 
When Vo and Ana got to the police station, the police officer on duty gave them a curious look, and then took them to the cubicle of another police officer, the one who arrested Ivan. The latter police officer verified her and Ivans passports, and then informed Ana that her son had been arrested on account of obstructing traffic by running onto the busy Tran Phu Boulevard while skateboarding, after he accidently collided with a child who suffered a bloody scalp laceration. The childs wound had been closed with staples, but he had to be admitted to the hospital for observation. The police officer explained to Ana that he and his colleague had warned her son as well as the other skateboarder on multiple occasions. Todays incident was the last straw.
How can I get him out of here? said Ana. She was afraid that Ivan might get charged with some kind of felony, tried in a court, and be sentenced to prison.
You can pay a fine, said the police officer. The childs parents agreed to settle for one thousand American dollars in cash. You will have to pay an additional one thousand to the city for violating the traffic codes. Your son can go home after you pay the fine, and that would be the end of the story. He assured that Ivan would not have a criminal record from this event as long as Ana could pay the fine promptly.
Ana was relieved to hear that she could resolve the crisis with money, but she frowned at the amount of the fine because she did not have that much money on hand. She asked if she could pay the fine in installments, and the police officer told her that her son would be released only when the fine was paid in full. Ana fought back the tears that were welling up in her eyes. Her face was getting warm and her heart was pounding fast. She knew that the police officer had probably just made up a reason to put her son in jail and fabricated the amount of the fine out of thin air, but she couldnt afford to hire a lawyer to get Ivan out of this jam, and she couldnt let her son stay incarcerated for days or even weeks while she sorted it out through legal channels.
Vo held Ana in his arms and said, Ana, listen. Stay here and wait for me. I will be right back with the cash. He left before Ana could protest.
The police officer let Ana talk to Ivan in a small room behind a locked door. Ivan looked frightened, and had obviously been crying. 
Are you hurt? said Ana, looking at the bruises on Ivans wrists, probably from being handcuffed earlier. She was sitting across from Ivan at a small table. She reached out to hold Ivans hand, but he pulled it back.
I didnt know you care, said Ivan. He was shaking.
If I somehow made you feel that I dont care about you, Im sorry. I know that Ive been neglectful, but youve always been a really good kid. I get so used to leaving you alone to do your own thing.
So now you are blaming me? I shouldve been more like Zoe in order to get your attention? I shouldve dropped out of school and run away? 
Thats not what I meant, said Ana. 
The police officer came in and announced that Ivan was free to go. The fine had been paid in full. Ivan stood up first and kicked his chair before he went out of the room. Ana let out a sigh, and followed the police officer out.
When Ana came out of the police station, she saw Vo and Ivan stood silently facing each other. She said, Vo, this is my son, Ivan. Thank you so much for saving him. I dont know what to say. I will do everything I can to pay you back. 
Vo raised his eyebrows and blinked a few times. 
You saved me? Ivan said, looking bewildered. 
Ana is your mother? said Vo.
Whats going on? You two know each other? Ana looked back and forth between Vo and Ivan.
Wait, it cant be, said Vo. Ana cant be your mother. You said she was 
Horrible. Right here, my horrible mother is this woman right here, said Ivan. He gestured toward Ana with both of his hands.
You knew I worked at the Institute of Oceanography, but you didnt mention that your son was in the summer camp there? said Vo. He was looking at Ana, the question sounding more like an accusation.
I-I wasnt thinking, said Ana.
You registered him for the camp, paid for the fees, signed the waivers for him to go off-shore and let him swim around a remote island, but it never occurred to you to ask me if I knew your son, since I worked at the same place?
Ana didnt say anything at first out of embarrassment, and then she turned to Ivan and said, What fees did I pay? What waivers?
Ivans face was red, and he was in tears again. I took money out of your purse and I signed your name on all the forms I needed. I did it because you never listened when I asked you to do something. Your mind was always somewhere else. You were either dreaming about the dead baby or worrying about Zoe,
Or drunk, said Vo. The muscles on his face were knotted and the veins on his neck were engorged and pulsating.
Vos words were like lead weighing down on Anas heart. She wanted to say something in self-defense, but she couldnt utter a sound.
The stand-off lasted for what seemed like an eon before Vo waved down a taxi to take Ana and Ivan home. Ana looked at Vo with pleading eyes as he shut the door. He stood on the curb, watching Ana leave until the taxi disappeared from his sight, and wondered if he might, or should, never see her again.
Chapter 32
Ana left another message in Vos voicemail box. It had been a few days since they last spoke to each other. It felt like a surreal walk in the clouds as she looked back on the very brief period of time that she and Vo had been together as a couple. Now it felt like she had just been extracted from above the world and swallowed by a dark, monstrous emptiness underground. She didnt get a solid confirmation that Vo had called it quits, as he hadnt communicated at all since they rescued Ivan from the police station. Vo probably intended to end their relationship, she thought. He wouldnt have been so cold otherwise.
Ana decided to focus on Ivan. The little boy that Ivan ran into while skateboarding would have the staples removed soon. Ana and Ivan visited the family of the little boy and made sure that everything was taken care of. The little boy was already once again the rambunctious five-year-old that he normally was. The family thanked Ana for the five hundred U.S. dollars in compensation. Five hundred? The police had told her that they asked for one thousand. The family was shocked and told Ana that they didnt ask to be paid anything at all to begin with. Accidents happened all the time and the child was not so badly injured. Ana and the family decided not to bother the police with the matter, as nothing positive was likely to result from it.
Ana tried hard to make up with Ivan. She would ask Ivan how he was doing and whether he needed anything several times a day if Ivan didnt make an excuse to get out of her sight. Ana bought Ivan new clothes, shoes, and supplies for school, and she even started cooking. She asked about Ivans friends, and offered to host a dinner for them, but Ivan turned her down. At last she asked if Ivan needed a new skateboard; Ivan declined, but did let her buy him a new set of wheels. Ana was so happy that she practically sang the entire time they were at the skate shop.
Still, the days dragged on for Ana. Each day Ana woke up with the feeling that perhaps the whole thing with Vo was just a dream. She went over again and again the moments they were together, from when they first met, to the outing on the Pearl Island, to when they first kissed. None of it seemed real now. Then Ivan would sit down for lunch and start talking about Vo. He was the best teacher, counselor, and friend that Ivan got to know in his whole life, Ivan would say. One day he told Ana that he was sorry for breaking up her relationship with Vo; Vo couldve been his new papa if he hadnt told Vo those awful things about Ana.
Ana didnt blame Ivan for any of it. Her choices alone got her where she was today. She indeed didnt deserve to be loved by anyone, not Vo, not her children. She couldnt even respect herself, or give herself any love, either. How could she? She was still drinking, more than ever. 
Her cheeks had become hollow and her clothes were hanging rather loose when she looked herself in the mirror. Her eyes were always bloodshot with puffy lids. At work she withdrew from the others, even Mai. She had written down orders wrong, and taken plates for table A to table B. She was late almost every day now. 
This is your pay for the last week. You can go home now. You dont need to come back anymore, said Mr. Tran when Ana showed up for work half an hour late one day. He handed Ana an envelope with cash inside, and escorted her out of the restaurant. Mai came out from the kitchen to protest, but Mr. Tran shook his head.
Im sorry, Mr. Tran. Im sorry, said Ana as she swallowed her tears. She didnt even have the strength or the audacity to beg Mr. Tran to let her stay. She knew that she wouldnt be able to find employment elsewhere in her present shape. She quickly considered the small amount of money in her savings; money was going to be tight now.
She picked up her mail when she got home. She hadnt checked her mailbox for a while even though it was conveniently located at the entrance to her apartment building. She noticed a familiar handwriting on one of the envelopes. She flew upstairs to her apartment to open it and read it. Her heart was about to jump out of her chest. Her hands were shaking as she read each word. Vo had finally written. She had waited so long for a word from him. She couldnt believe that she was actually holding a piece of paper that Vo had touched the day before.

Ana, 

I admit that Ive missed you. My mind is still a mess. I think Im still in love with you, but I dont know if I can get over what Ivan had to say about you. I am very fond of that kid. Hes hurt, and now I am, too.
I am leaving soon for a marine biology conference in Singapore. I am packing as I write. I should have some answers when I come back.

Vo

Ana wept while she read the letter. She pressed it to her chest as she imagined that perhaps she and Vo still had a chance. She read the letter a few more times before she put it under her pillow. This might be the last thing she would get from Vo.
Ana went through the rest of her mail and found a letter from her landlady. It was unusual because her landlady normally called her on the phone instead of writing her a message. She hesitated for a few seconds before opening it. 
The apartment building had been sold to a developer and Ana was advised to move out. The lease had stated that the landlady reserved the right to evict her tenants at any time for any cause. Ana would not receive any financial compensation because she was behind on rent already. The landlady gave a specific deadline in the letter. The deadline, Ana noticed, was tomorrow evening! Ana looked at the envelope again; it was postmarked two weeks ago. Ana let the letter fall to the floor, and then she screamed.
She screamed and shouted until she had no more voice. She got up and went to the refrigerator to retrieve the vodka as it was the knee-jerk thing to do in all disasters big and small. She drank straight from the bottle and nearly emptied it before she stopped. She tried to go through everything that had gone wrong in her head, and found it overwhelming. She should start packing, and think about where she and Ivan would stay until she could find another apartment. She should plan out how to wisely use the little money she had and look for a new job. She should sober up.
She took another sip of vodka and turned the bottle upside down to make sure there was not one drop left in it. She thought about Zoe. Zoe needed to be informed about the eviction. She had to tell Zoe now.
Ana closed her eyes for a moment to collect her thoughts; they were random and chaotic, complicated by emotions even more deranged. A pounding headache started to knock, and Ana needed an escape. She knew of one way to shut off the pain.
When Ana arrived at the Rocking Waves, the place was as crowded as ever. She looked for Zoe, but was told that the band had taken the night off. A DJ was spinning the music instead. The volume of the music was deafening, but people still attempted to converse with one another via shouting. Ana found Yurik at the bar, and asked him if he knew where Zoe was.
Who knows? She gets around, said Yurik.
Ana would have slapped Yurik in the face if a man hadnt come up next to Ana and started talking to her.
Hey, can I buy you a drink? said the man with an accent similar to that of McKenzies. He looked to be in his twenties, tall and muscular, with short blond hair and blue eyes.
Ana looked the man up and down. Are you sure you are old enough to drink?
Why dont we find out? said the man. He ordered two glasses of vodka and placed one in front of Ana. Ana looked at it for a moment, then brought it up to her lips and drank it in one gulp.
The man called himself Erik and told Ana that he was doing a year abroad at Nha Trang University. He was indeed from Australia. He had flown into the city before school started to get settled. He stumbled into Rocking Waves one day and found it a great place to hang out. He wondered if Ana had been in Nha Trang long and whether she could show him around some day.
Ana hardly paid Erik any attention as he kept buying her one drink after another. She told him that she just got fired from her job and kicked out of her apartment. Erik shrugged his shoulders and said, Thats life.
As Ana became more and more inebriated she started to giggle for no reason at all. She could tell that Erik was trying to kiss her. She was debating whether to give in when she heard a loud, explosive boom. She tensed up and held still, and soon everyone was ducking for cover as, unmistakably, rounds of bullets were being fired. There were people screaming and glasses being shattered. Ana could hear someone blowing a whistle and yelling for everyone to get out. 
Erik grabbed Ana and they stooped over as they moved toward the exit with everyone else. Once outside the nightclub Ana could see the police cars with the lights flashing and hear the sirens as more emergency vehicles approached. There were fire engines and ambulances waiting as well. When Ana looked back at the entrance of the nightclub, she saw Yurik, handcuffed, being escorted into a police car by two officers. A string of scantily clad women of different ethnicities filed out of the nightclub with their heads lowered, making their way to a police van. A few more men came out with their hands bound behind them, and they were shoved into a few other police vehicles.
Ana wanted to stay and make sure that Zoe was really not at the nightclub, but the police were clearing the area and Ana was forced to leave with Erik. Erik held her arms as she tried looking back several times. Her head felt like it was spinning in circles and her feet were heavy. Erik got a taxi and Ana gave the address of her apartment building. 
When they got off the taxi, Erik had to help Ana upstairs and open the door to her fourth-floor apartment. Ana pointed toward her bedroom; she wanted to sleep off her headache. Erik almost had to carry Ana to bed because she was so weak. Ana moaned when her head hit the pillow. She saw Erik remove his shirt and wipe his sweat off with it. It was a warm summer night, the air damp with moisture from the impending storm. Erik was looking at her amorously. Ana thought that perhaps she should ask him to leave, but she didnt have any strength left. Erik lay down next to her, and Ana closed her eyes.
Chapter 33
It was an unusual rainy day and Ivan decided to stay home and read. Before summer camp ended everyone received a book about the marine species in the waters surrounding Vietnam. It was a book intended for pre-teens with colorful photographs and fun facts, but it was written in Vietnamese. Ivan had to read it with the help of a dictionary, but he was glad to have something to pass the time while waiting for Sofia to return.
Ivan heard the knock on the door and went to answer it. He opened the door when he saw through the peep hole that the visitor was Vo. Ivan gave Vo a big smile as Vo patted him on the back.
Mr. Nguyen, I thought you didnt want to see us again, said Ivan. 
What made you think that? said Vo. He looked around.
My ma is still sleeping, I think, said Vo.
Ivan asked Vo to sit down, and offered some water. 
I want to see you, too, said Vo. How have you been? I checked on the little boy that you ran into, and he had no signs of injury whatsoever. I know that you were probably pretty scared yourself, right? 
I was, said Ivan. Im glad the boy is okay. Ill be more careful in the future. I lost control of my skateboard and ran into the street after I hit the kid. A car couldve run over me. I still get goose bumps when I think of it. I couldve been killed. And I was afraid that I would be in jail for the rest of my life because that kid was bleeding so much that I thought I had killed him.
We all learn from our mistakes, said Vo.
Do you make mistakes? said Ivan.
Vo chuckled and said, Too many to count.
Vo paused, and then said, I am leaving for Singapore this afternoon, but I want to say goodbye before I go.
You didnt go and say goodbye to all of your camp students, did you? said Ivan.
Vo gave him a grin.
Well, said Ivan, Im glad that you still like my ma enough to want to say goodbye to her before you go on a trip. Shes really not that awful. I was only complaining about her when I felt bad. All kids blame their parents for everything, right? I mean, I learn to do a lot of things for myself because she gave me a lot of freedom and autonomy. Shes not a controlling kind of parent.
Oh yeah?
My ma makes the best tea and shes a really good cook. She keeps her house clean and beautiful all the time, said Ivan. He looked around at the mess in the house, and then said, Well, usually, anyway.
Its okay, Ivan, said Vo, I know.
Shes had a lot of bad luck, so she gets a little sad sometimes. She gets drunk only once in a while. Its not like shes an alcoholic, said Ivan. He bit his lower lip. He knew he just told a lie. He couldnt tell if Vo believed it; Vo just kept on smiling.
Ivan and Vo were talking about the book that Ivan was reading when they heard the sound of a door opening. Ana came out of her bedroom with her hair un-brushed and shirt wrinkled. She was rubbing her forehead when Ivan called out, Look whos here.
Ana dropped her jaw. She was still trying to find her words when someone else came out of her bedroom. It was Erik, shirtless and with equally messy hair. 
Last night was wild, said Erik. He rubbed Anas shoulder and went toward the bathroom.
Vo stood up, and Ana could see his hands clenching into tight fists. Stunned by the whole scene herself, she could not think of a single word to say.
Who was that? said Ivan.
Before Ana could snap out of her stupor and answer, Vo had left the apartment, slamming the door shut behind him.
He came to make up with you, but its hopeless now, said Ivan. I hate you. I hate you. He turned and ran out of the apartment, too.
Anas legs gave out all of a sudden and she fell to the floor. Her heart was racing and her body trembled. Her mind was blank as she tried to process what just happened. Vo was here. It was a chance for atonement. But it happened too fast, and before Ana could seize it, it was gone.
Ana, are you okay? said Erik. 
Ana lifted her chin and stared at Erik for a moment. She stood up and went to her bed to get Eriks shirt, and then she came out and threw it at him. She pushed him toward the door. 
Wait, whats going on? said Erik. 
Ana didnt stop until she shoved Erik out of her apartment. Ana was exerting all the strength that she could muster and Erik nearly fell down the stairs. Ana shut the door, and then she sat down against it to cry.
She didnt have long to bury herself in sorrow before her cell phone rang. She ignored it. The ringing stopped, but then it started again. Ana didnt want to talk to anyone. She was going to sit and drown in her tears. Her heart had already died.
The caller was persistent and the intermittent ringing went on for another five minutes before she went to get it, trying to turn it off. Before she pressed the power button, she recognized the phone number to be that of the Nha Trang Police Department. She had gotten a call from them recently when Ivan was arrested. 
Ana dried her tears with her hand and dialed the number back. When someone answered, she identified herself as Anastasia Romanova. Had someone from the police station been trying to reach her?
Yes, said the woman on the other side of the phone. Are you the mother of Zoe Romanova?
Anas heart sank when she heard Zoes name.
Yes, I am. Is she okay? Her hand squeezed her phone tightly as panic began to set in.
Im afraid not, Ms. Romanova. Zoe is in the hospital, in the intensive care unit. We need you to come to the police station first with her passport, and then we will take you to the hospital. She is being guarded by the police.
Ana hung up the phone and hurried out of her apartment. She was asking a million whys as she urged the taxi driver to speed up. She had no doubt about the answer, however. She alone was the reason why the whole world had crumbled into pieces.
Chapter 34
The night wouldve been silent if it werent for the frequent, intermittent chimes of different pitches and tempos coming from the vital signs monitor. There was also the whooshing sound with each breath the ventilator delivered to Zoe via an endotracheal tube, about ten times a minute. Ana dozed off several times, and each time she awoke thinking hours had passed, only a few minutes had gone by according to the clock on the wall.
At dawn the nurse came in to check the two infusion pumps fixed to a steel pole next to Zoes bed. They were running four different medications and fluids into Zoes central line, threaded into the jugular vein on the right side of her neck. These pumps were noisy throughout the night as well, sounding off alarms for various reasons. Very quickly, Ana figured out which button she could push to silence each alarm without jeopardizing the flow of the medications. 
The nurse listened to Zoes chest, checked all the lines and tubes, and then she turned Zoe from one side to the other. We dont want her to get bed sores, she said to Ana.
An aide came in and helped the nurse change the pad underneath Zoe. Ana stood up and offered to assist, but the nurse told her to relax. Weve got her, the nurse said. Ana watched the nurse and the aide give Zoe a towel bath, and reminisced the first few years of Zoes life when she would put Zoe in the bath tub for a rinse and some play time before bed. The bell-like giggles of Zoe when she was a toddler came back to Ana vividly. Ana did take care of Zoe, and they used to have fun. When Ana played on her guitar, Zoe would sit and listen, even hum along. Zoe loved the guitar more than any of her toys. After Leo died, Ana was too heartbroken to touch the guitar again, and it became Zoes property. The guitar was a link to the spirit of her father and a reminder of how her mother used to be, Zoe wrote in her diary, which Ana had found while packing to leave Russia.
Anas thoughts were interrupted when the attending physician and the neurosurgeon came to round on Zoe. Zoe had a craniotomy and her head was still wrapped in bandages with a line coming out of it. The other end of that line was buried under the skull to monitor the intracranial pressure. Ana had been told that if the pressure was too high, it could lead to death or permanent brain damages. The doctors examined Zoe, and exchanged information with the nurse in jargons beyond Anas comprehension. Ana listened intently anyway, her hands shaking nervously again. It was almost like she was the defendant on a sentencing trial, and any minute now she could be awarded the death penalty. 
The pressure inside Zoes head seems to be stabilized. Well leave the monitor in for a few more hours, said the neurosurgeon. He exited of the room.
Ana was somewhat relieved to hear the news, but she wished that the neurosurgeon could have told her more, even if it wouldnt have made a difference in Zoes care. She looked to the attending physician, who, as if sensing Anas worries, turned to speak to her.
We have kept her sedated and paralyzed so she wont fight the ventilator, but later this morning we will try to wake her up and see if she can breathe on her own. If she can, then sometime today we should be able to take that tube out of her throat, said the attending physician, who had the kindest eyes.
Oh, thank you, doctor. Thank you, said Ana. That was about all that she could think of to say. She felt like she should be asking some questions, but she was too happy to hear of Zoes good progress to think of any.
Ana was alone again when daylight came. It was another rainy day and the wind was howling. Someone had brought her a breakfast tray but she didnt have any appetite. She stood by Zoes bed to take another look. Zoes eyes were purple and blue, and her face was swollen. There were minor cuts around the nose and the lips. Ana held Zoes arm in her hands, and inspected the bruises on it. Ana wanted to kiss Zoes wounds, and blow on them like she used to do when Zoe would fall and scratch her knee in her toddler years; little Zoe would then stop crying and throw herself in Anas arms for a hug and a squeeze. Ana tried to remember what it felt like to hold Zoe. It had been a long time since they even held hands. Ana felt a world of regrets, and wanted to plunge forward to embrace Zoe, but she was barricaded from Zoe by a wall of wires and tubes.
Someone knocked on the door. Ana turned around, and was surprised to see McKenzie. He was accompanied by a Vietnamese police officer in uniform.
Ana, I hope we are not intruding, said McKenzie.
No. Come in, said Ana. 
McKenzie and the police officer came toward Zoes bed. 
This is Tuan Le. Hes a friend of Zoes, said McKenzie, pointing toward the police officer.
Are you the officer who found her? said Ana.
Yes. I wish I had found her sooner. I am so sorry, said Tuan. His voice trembled, and his eyes were downcast. Ana thought that he could burst into tears at any second.
If it werent for you, said Ana, she mightve been dead. So thank you. You shouldnt blame yourself.
No, it was my fault. I led her down this path. I used her, said Tuan. He buried his face in his hands, and started weeping.
McKenzie threw his arm around Tuans shoulder, and told him to sit in a chair in the corner. Tuan obeyed.
Ana didnt know what Tuan meant, but she was more curious about why McKenzie had come to visit Zoe in the first place.
Ana, I have a lot of explaining to do, said McKenzie. You should sit down, too.
Ana complied, and McKenzie started pacing the room.
You see, Ana, Im not really from Sydney. Im from Moscow, said McKenzie in perfect Russian. Ana was shocked. 
Why did you pretend to be from Sydney? said Ana.
McKenzie switched back to English and said, I work for the Investigative Committee of Russia. We got a lead on a Russian syndicate that was operating in Vietnam. They were active in Hanoi, but moved their camp to Nha Trang after the new international airport opened here. Their main business is human trafficking all along this side of the Pacific Ocean. They bring Russian women down here, and smuggle Southeast Asian women into Russia. I was sent here to assist my Vietnamese counterparts in the investigation.
Anas eyes enlarged, and she said, But your Australian accent
I grew up in Australia, so the accent was not hard to put on, said McKenzie. I was to go in disguise as an Australian playboy, and get to know as many of these women as possible. The women were forced into prostitution, and the Rocking Waves was where they were to lure their customers.
Ana found it hard to believe that she and Zoe were inside the lair of a criminal organization. So Boris was the boss? said Ana.
It wouldve been an easy case if he were, said McKenzie. So, whenever I picked out a girl, Boris would put me and her in a taxi and sent us to an apartment building a few streets away. Turns out Boriss gang also owned a taxi company, as well as the apartment building. The building was where the actual transactions normally took place.
Ana shook her head, feeling disgusted.
Of course, I would just have the girl give me a massage when we got to the apartment, said McKenzie with a serious face. We tried to track the bills I paid to the women using the serial numbers, but the bills never made it to a bank. We thought about raiding the taxi company and the apartment building, but we decided to wait until we could find out who was behind all of it.
Ana gave McKenzie a nod.
Eventually Boris mentioned the island where they kept the women, and told me about how to schedule a visit, said McKenzie. I wasnt allowed to bring a cell phone or anything electronic. I went once to see what it was like, and faked a bellyache to get out. One of my shirt buttons was a GPS tracker, but these criminals had jammed the signals. In short, the investigation was going nowhere.
So, said Ana, you invented this whole story with the ex-girlfriend, and worked at the dive center in your down time? Why did you come and talk to me at the nightclub? 
The story with the ex-girlfriend was true. I did get dumped just before I took on this assignment, said McKenzie. He grinned. The dive job was a cover, of course, but I really am a certified Divemaster. Regarding you, well, I like you. I was dating while working in Russia, so whats wrong with dating while working in Vietnam? Life happens, even to a police officer. Right, Tuan? McKenzie looked toward the corner of the room.
Tuan gave a sad smile, and cast his eyes at Zoe. 
Ana sensed that whatever went on between Tuan and Zoe was probably more than friendship. So how did Zoe get involved in this? said Ana.
McKenzie cleared his throat and said, Tuan, you want to take over?
Tuan took a deep breath, and then he said, I was originally working in Hanoi, and was assigned here also for the investigation of the same group that McKenzie just talked about. Of course, the local police department was kept in the dark. They thought that I was just a rookie. The police chief here was taking bribes from Boriss gang, we suspected. Well, we proved it now, thanks to Zoe. At first she was just getting one of the Russian women she met to feed her stories. Tuan looked toward Zoe, his voice was shaky still.
McKenzie sat down next to Tuan, and patted him on the back.
Tuan continued to say, I shouldnt have told her to do that to begin with, communicating with one of the captives. I knew Yurik was beating her, so I asked her to leave. She was so stubborn. She insisted on staying so she could try to get more information. She didnt even know that I was investigating the case. I had already planted someone else in the club. Billie, the drummer, shes my colleague. She was investigating the women smuggled here from Cambodia, Thailand, and rural Vietnam for the Russian sex tourists. Billie could speak and write many languages of Southeast Asia. I used Zoe to get her in.
Ana couldnt believe what she just heard. Her heart sped up.
In the end, we were able to make headway in this case when Zoe bugged Boriss phone and his office. Plus, the thug she was with had a big mouth, said Tuan. There were several links in between that we had to figure out, but we got the big boss, and we got proof of the police corruption. We cleaned house.
Tuan paused for a second before he went on. On the night of the raid, I told Zoe to ask her band to stay home. I was so busy afterward that I didnt look for Zoe until the next morning. I couldnt get her on the phone, so I went to Yuriks apartment. And thats when I found Zoe lying on the floor, unconscious. I got her here immediately and the doctor said there was a bleed in her head and she had to have surgery right away. I went back to the police station to get Yurik to tell me what happened. I swear I couldve killed him. He wouldnt say anything until I showed him a picture of Zoes face. He laughed out loud like the devil and finally told me what happened just to show off. He got angry when Zoe was trying to slip out of the apartment and he didnt like her excuse. He grabbed her guitar and she fought him to get it back. So he punched her hard in the face. She lost her balance and hit her head on the doorframe.
Ana was horrified. She covered her open mouth with her hand, and her heart ached as she pictured Yurik striking Zoe, tossing and thrashing her around. She felt nauseated.
She passed out, and Yurik just left her for dead, said Tuan. Oh, Zoe. His voice cracked.
The three of them sat silently for the next few moments. Ana couldnt wrap her head around the entire sequence of events. She still couldnt believe that her daughter helped solve an international human trafficking scheme. How did the anarchistic runaway become a hero in a blink of an eye?
Tuan, can I call you Tuan? said Ana.
Tuan nodded his head as he sniffled.
Tuan, said Ana, its not your fault. Zoe always has her own idea about doing things. You couldnt have talked her out of it. You may have used her, but its for the greater good. I cant say that I am not angry, but I know that she would not regret any of it.
I knew you would understand, said McKenzie. I found out about Zoe when Tuan was screaming at Yurik. So I dragged him here this morning. I figured that we owe you an explanation.
Ana told Tuan what the doctors had said earlier in the morning, and Tuan broke into a big smile. 
So, whats next? said Ana.
Next, said McKenzie, a few other officers and I will escort these criminals back to Moscow. We are taking the Russian women back, too. Tuan and his team will help return the women from Thailand, Cambodia, and rural Vietnam. And Tuan is looking at a big promotion. He will probably become head of a police department somewhere, right? Maybe re-assigned back to Hanoi? 
I much prefer to just be a detective here, said Tuan.
Anyway, Zoes found a great catch if she will be smart enough to keep him around, said McKenzie.
Tuan gave a sheepish smile, and then he said, You are thinking too much. Zoe never said she liked me.
Ana smiled, too. She said, But you like her, dont you? Anyway, shes too young. She just turned seventeen, but you will wait, wont you?
Ha, so the mother-in-law approves, said McKenzie. He clapped his hands.
Im going back to work, said Tuan. He stood up and said to Ana, Please keep me posted. I will visit again tonight. He exited the room.
McKenzie produced an envelope from his suit pocket, and handed it over to Ana. This is from Irisa, the woman that Zoe was trying to help rescue. She wanted to visit Zoe, but I didnt want to risk Zoes involvement being made public. So, to show gratitude, Irisa sent Zoe this card instead.
I will make sure Zoe sees this, said Ana.
Well, I should say goodbye, too, said McKenzie. Ive got some more details to wrap up for this case.
I totally underestimated you, said Ana.
Too late, you had your pick, and you went for the nerdy professor, said McKenzie.
Ana didnt want to discuss what happened between Vo and her, so she said, Have a safe trip home. And keep those thugs locked up forever.
Well do our best, said McKenzie. He gave Ana a hug, and then a military salute before he left. It was minutes after McKenzie had left when Ana realized that she had forgotten to ask him for his real name; she would probably never see him again.
Ana went to stand by Zoes bed to look at her. She had such new respect for her daughter. What a courageous young woman, Ana thought. As she gazed at Zoe, she felt uneasy all of a sudden. What if Zoe never woke up? What if the police didnt catch all the criminals and some were planning to retaliate? 
Someone approached from behind and startled Ana. She almost screamed when she thought a man was holding out a knife in front of her. 
Ms. Romanova, are you all right? said the phlebotomist. She was holding a needle and few tubes to collect Zoes blood for testing.
Oh, you gave me a fright. Im fine. Im just going to sit down and rest for a while, said Ana. She sat down in the chair in the corner, and within minutes, she dozed off.
Chapter 35
Ivan had to put on a warm, water-repelling jacket while waiting for Sofia on the designated bench on the beach promenade. The sky was pouring rain. Ivan held tight to his umbrella so it wouldnt be carried away by the gusty wind. He had been waiting there all morning, and now the afternoon was almost gone. There were only a few people out on the beach to watch the waves that day. Ivan had spent the previous night with Mishas family, and heard something about a typhoon being reported on the television. 
Tran Phu Boulevard, running parallel to the beach promenade, was not as busy as it normally was. Ivan watched as each car or motorcycle zoomed in and out of his sight, causing great splashes of muddy water; luckily, no pedestrian was there to suffer such an unwelcome baptizing. The coconut trees shook back and forth, the branches creaking as they knocked against one another. Occasionally a frond of leaves would fall to the ground next to Ivans feet. Ivan looked up and observed the coconut fruits hanging above him, contemplated leaving his post, but decided to stay put. He had his helmet on, just in case.
Ivan, Ivan.
Ivan was so glad to hear his name called out. His heart rate sped up as he turned toward the source of the sound. He had imagined this moment a thousand times and rehearsed over and over what he was going to say to Sofia until his mind went blank from exhaustion.
Sofia, said Ivan. He looked at the figure, cloaked in a plastic, yellow rain suit, running toward him.
Ivan, said Misha, panting.
What are you doing here? said Ivan. 
Misha took a minute to catch his breath, and then he pulled out a newspaper from inside his rain coat and showed it to Ivan. 
Read this, said Misha.
Okay. Crime boss arrested in Russia. So? 
Look at the picture. Its Sofias pa. Misha pointed to a mug shot below the headline.
No way, said Ivan. He studied the man in the picture; he bore no resemblance to Sofia whatsoever.
Ive seen him pick up Sofia from school once or twice. Sofia hugged him and called him papa over and over. Nicolai Kutyakov. Same last name as Sofias.
Why would a mob boss pick up his daughter from school?
Who knows? For fun? Anyway, I dont think Sofia is coming back. You should come home with me now.
Ivan held on to the newspaper and read the article quickly. Nicolai Kutyakov was charged with trafficking Russian women to Vietnam, specifically Nha Trang, for the sex trade. His men also imprisoned countless women from Southeast Asia, either forcing them into prostitution in the major cities of Vietnam, or smuggling them to Russia. Both the Russian and Vietnamese authorities had been aware of his gangs activities for years, and started tracking his movement when he was operating out of Hanoi. However, it was not until recent months that they were able to penetrate into his organization and gather enough evidence to arrest him.
This doesnt say anything about Sofia, said Ivan. This doesnt prove that Sofia is his daughter. Anyway, even if its true, Sofias life will still have to go on. She still has to go to school. She is not going to prison with her father. He was somewhat breathless.
They caught him in Russia, said Misha. Sofia went to Russia with him. Im sure they will put her up with a relative or a guardianin Russia. Shes not coming back.
Ivan suddenly lost the strength to hold up his umbrella, and it fell to the ground along with the newspaper. Misha bent over to pick up both items. He held the umbrella over Ivans head and put the newspaper back into the pocket of his rain suit.
Ivan, give up. Shes not coming back, said Misha.
Ivan felt dizzy, but he managed to get up from the bench. He wobbled, and Misha reached out a hand to keep him upright. Ivan brushed off Mishas hand, and walked toward the ocean where the surf was getting higher and stronger, crashing against the shore as it pushed inland.
Where are you going? Misha yelled at the top of his lungs but the roaring wind was drowning his voice out.
Im taking a walk. Ill see you later, said Ivan.
Ivan walked south on the beach, each footstep on the sand washed away as quickly as he made it by the waves that rushed in. He walked until he could not advance any further, as the wind was starting to push him in the other direction. He stood and watched the sky over the ocean, black with monstrous, whirling clouds. There was no one else left on the beach now. Everyone was safely sheltered in his home, thought Ivan. He wondered for a second whether Sofia was also thinking of him. Did she know that he was still waiting despite the storm? Maybe she didnt show up because of the typhoon. He should probably go home and clean up, and when he saw her again, he could joke about her last name being the same as that of the mob boss in the newspaper. It would amuse them for days or even weeks, Ivan was sure.
Misha showed up again, this time with his father and Viktor. They ran up to Ivan as he swayed in the elements, and together they tried to push him off the beach and toward the road. Ivan was not really putting up a fight, but he was not exactly cooperating, either. Finally, they turned him horizontal and carried him into a car. 
Boy, his face is all wet from the rain, said Viktor.
Or his tears, said Misha.
They quickly wrapped a towel over him, and tried their best to dry the water from his hair and his face while Mishas father drove as fast as he could to get home.
Oh, poor thing. Hes as white as paper, said Mishas mother when she saw Ivan.
She drew Ivan a hot bath and gave him some fresh, dry clothes. She set a bowl of hot soup in front of Ivan. He didnt have an appetite at first, but after he tasted a little of it, he quickly devoured it and asked for a second. 
Thats much better. Got some color back, said Mishas mother, looking at Ivans face.
Anything else we can do for you, Ivan? said Mishas father. 
Ivan didnt answer right away, and for a few moments Mishas cozy home seemed to have been invaded by the tropical depression as well. 
Could you take me home? said Ivan eventually.
No way, said Misha. The storm is crazy outside. Viktor is staying here tonight, too.
Viktor, who had come to Mishas house with Ivan, said, My ma didnt want me back out there.
Ill walk home, if you wont take me, said Ivan toward Mishas father.
Mishas father sighed, and grabbed his car key.
Ivans legs felt like lead as he went up the stairs of his apartment building to his fourth-story home. When he got there he was greeted by several large, black plastic bags on the landing. There was a new chain lock on the metal door. Ivan knew that he wouldnt be able to get in, but he didnt know why he was being locked out. He opened some of the bags to inspect the contents. They were clothes and personal items, his and his mothers. His mothers framed photographs were also in some of the bags. It seemed that the landlady had thrown them out.
Ivan was trying to figure out what to do when he heard footsteps coming up the stairs. When he saw his mothers face, he was actually glad. She was not in the habit of listening, but he had always poured his heart out to her when he needed to. There was usually no one else.
Whats this? said Ana.
Looks like we got kicked out, said Ivan.
Ana stood still for a moment, as if trying to recall something. Ivan bent over to tie up the bags that he had opened.
After a minute of silence, Ivan looked up at her mother again. She seemed to be spacing out.
Ma? said Ivan.
Ana tensed up all of a sudden, and screamed.
Ivan watched as Ana collapsed. Her arms and legs stiffened up, drew her body to one side, and started shaking violently. Ivan got down on his knees, not knowing what to do. He had never seen his mother like this before. He put his hands on Anas body to try to stop the shaking, but it was no use. 
Ma, Ma, said Ivan. His voice was also trembling. He was scared, and started crying.
He heard a clunk. Anas cell phone had fallen out of her pocket in the commotion. Ivan picked it up. He steadied his hand as best as he could, and dialed the number for ambulance.
Chapter 36
The line seemed to stretch on forever as it wrapped around the ancient, massive building, out of the corner of which a bread shop was receiving and dispensing customers very, very slowly. Someone seemed to be coughing incessantly in the distance. Ana blew into her hands for warmth, the fingertips of her gloves worn and torn. She stood next to her grandmother as they inched forward. Someone came out of the shop with a loaf of bread, and Ana threw him an envious glance, hoping that there would be some bread left when it was her grandmothers turn.
Her grandmother and the other adults broke into laughter all of a sudden, but little Ana was not made aware of the joke. She was fine with it, because they soon started singing a cheery song and passed Ana from one to another while twirling her around. She could hardly feel her toes from the cold, but she danced on, until it was her grandmothers turn at the bread counter. 
You are lucky, Ana, said her grandmother. They left with a loaf of freshly baked bread. The aroma made Anas stomach growl and made her mouth water.
When they got home, Ana ran into the arms of her father.
Where is Mama? said Ana.
She got tired of coughing, and went with the angels to heaven, said her father. He had tears down his cheeks. Ana smelled vodka when he gave her a kiss on her forehead. He picked her up, and showed her the crescent moon in the sky. The air was still and chilly, only a soft draft of winter was blowing.
When Ana turned to look at her fathers face again, she saw Leo instead. They were sunbathing on the bank of the Ob River. Ana ran her finger over the tattoos on Leos arms and chest as they kissed. When Leo pushed her away, she saw him holding an electric guitar in the shape of a teardrop.
This is for you, my love, Leo said softly in her ear. Her spine tingled as she felt the warm breath of Leos whisper on her neck.
Ana took over the guitar and started strumming it. It was not connected to an amplifier but it had an amazing, full sound. She wanted to sing, but her whole body seized up instead. She moaned, but not for long, for soon it was overlapped by the high-pitched cry of a newborn. Ana rubbed the baby girl on her back with one hand, while they both lay in bed. The baby girl was taking breast milk from Anas nipple. What a strangely blissful feeling!
I love you, Zoe, said Ana. It was surreal. As soon as she uttered Zoes name, Zoe became a toddler and they were engaged in a game of tickling. Zoe was laughing unstoppably as Ana kissed her and tickled her all over. Ana wished that she could record the sound in her mind. 
Ana, said an old woman standing at the door of Anas bedroom.
Babushka? said Ana.
Ana held Zoe and followed her grandmother into the living room. There was a small crowd of people, all dressed in black. The curtains were black and so were the tablecloths. Someone came up to Ana and said, I am so sorry for your loss.
Ana looked to one corner of the room, and saw an oversized, framed portrait of Leo in black and white. Ana couldnt feel her legs all of a sudden, and sank to the floor.
When she regained consciousness, she felt someone tugging at her skirt. She looked down, and saw Ivan urging her to help him get on a swing at the playground. She was a little startled to find him. Where did he come from? 
Mama, said little Ivan.
Anas head felt heavy. Her hands were shaking. She unclutched Ivans hand from her skirt, and then she walked to the liquor store to buy vodka. When she came back to the playground, Zoe was playing with Ivan in the sandbox. 
Go away. We dont need you. Go be with your new boyfriend, whoever that is, said Zoe when she saw Ana. 
Anas grandmother appeared again and gave Ana a hug, and then she took Zoe away. Ivan started crying, but Ana just stood there and watched him cry. She drank from the bottle of vodka, gulp after gulp till it was gone.
Eduard came out of nowhere and swept Ana off her feet. He carried her as they frolicked in the clouds. When he put her down again, they were standing at the altar of a wedding chapel. Eduard slipped the ring on Anas finger despite her tremor, and Ana was overjoyed. Ivan came to give them both a big hug, and then he sailed away on his skateboard.
The tremor got worse and Ana was forced into a fetal position. She was covered in cold sweat. Waves of nausea overwhelmed her, when a doctor in a white coat came and said to her, Your baby is dead.
Ana screamed in horror. She was placed in the birthing bed, with both knees held toward her chest.
Push! someone said in an unforgiving voice.
Ana took a deep breath and bore down.
The nurse brought the stillborn boy for Ana to see. Ana, exhausted, turned to look at the baby. 
It was no baby. It was Zoes face, swollen, black and blue, lifeless.
Ana became breathless, and started to gasp for air. She was drowning in a sea of cold blood. Her body was paralyzed and she could not keep her head afloat.
Ana knew that she had died when she woke up to find herself lying on the deck of a boat that was rocking in the gentle waves. The sky was a cloudless blue, and the sun was almost blinding. The air was warm and salty. She sat up and found that the boat had been anchored just off a white sandy beach. The emerald water around her was crystal clear, with tropical fish and coral reefs in plain sight. Ana didnt think that she deserved to be in heaven. She got off the boat and waded in the water toward the beach. There was no one else around.
Ana lay down under a coconut tree and breathed in and out deeply several times in an attempt to cleanse herself of her past. She felt relaxed and anew. She rolled to one side, and found something glistening in the sand. 
Ana stared at the sparkle for a minute, and then reached to pick it up. It was a pearl.
Ana, a man said.
The voice sounded familiar. Ana thought that it was the wind at first.
Ana.
Ana sat up; that was definitely not the wind.
Chapter 37
The room was bright and Ana had trouble keeping her eyes open. She saw white ceiling tiles and fluorescent lights above, and there were some faces around her. She recognized one of them.
Ivan, said Ana.
Ma. Ivan was holding Anas hand in his, looking at Ana intently.
Ana struggled to sit up, and saw that a man, probably a nurse, was helping her. She looked around, and saw Mai. There was another woman in the room, dressed more professionally.
Am I in a hospital? said Ana.
The professionally dressed woman introduced herself as Dr. Cao, and she said, You had a seizure, and your son called for ambulance to bring you to the hospital. You have been in and out of delirium for a couple of days, but I think you are out of danger now.
Dr. Cao turned to the nurse to give him a few instructions, and then said to Ana, Ill let you guys visit. If you are still doing okay tomorrow, we will transfer you to the rehab center.
Dr. Cao and the nurse left the room. Mai came forward and studied Anas face. 
I was so scared. I thought you were going to die, said Mai.
Ana gave a weak smile and said, I dont remember what happened at all. 
She paused for a second, and then she remembered Zoe. She said, Zoe. Where is Zoe?
Shes fine, said Mai. She is right here in the same hospital. She is out of the ICU, in a regular room now.
I remember leaving Zoe after the doctors took the breathing tube out, and made sure that she was breathing all right on her own. She was still so sedated, so I decided to go home and see if Ivan was okay, with the typhoon and all, said Ana, looking at Ivan.
Ivan squeezed Anas hand, and smiled a little.
Ivan saved your life, said Mai. The whole building was vacated. No one would have found you till the storm was over. Who knows what would have happened to you?
Ana looked at Ivan gratefully. She squeezed his hand, too, and said, Are you still mad at me?
Ivan shook his head. 
Ivan called everyone he could find in the contacts of your phone, and I came as soon as I heard, said Mai.
Ana smiled and said, How did you hack into my phone? 
It was easy, said Ivan. He didnt offer much more explanation.
Ana considered it for a second, and then said, So, did you call Mr. Nguyen, too?
I did, but he didnt pick up. I left a message, said Ivan.
Who is this Mr. Nguyen? said Mai.
Vo Nguyen, the one our boss Mr. Tran was bragging about all the time. He was supposed to get engaged to Miss Kim Pham, remember? said Ana.
Oh, him. I didnt know hes your friend, said Mai.
He is more than a friend, said Ivan. Ana, feeling embarrassed, tugged at his finger.
Mais eyes widened, and she said, So you were the reason the engagement didnt go through that night? You two were seeing each other?
Ana looked away. Yes, said Ana. But anyway, I did something very awful. I dont think he wants me anymore. Whats the use? Im an alcoholic. Im not good enough for him.
You are not good enough when you are drunk, but you are going to beat it this time. People quit drinking all the time. You can do it, too, said Mai.
You dont understand. Its in my blood, said Ana. She was feeling hopeless.
Dont let alcohol defeat you. You are bigger than that, said Mai.
Ana appreciated her friends confidence, and smiled.
Ma, do it for me, said Ivan.
Ana looked at Ivan, and her eyes were welling up.
Do it for Zoe. Do it for us, Ma, said Ivan.
Ana had quit drinking many times before, but her sobriety never lasted long. One thing or another always dragged her back deeper into the dungeon after she tried so hard to climb out of it. It wasnt that she never considered her children; they were enough reason to motivate her. She just didnt know how to stay off alcohol for good. 
Ivan is staying with me, so you dont have to worry about him, said Mai. Zoe will come and stay with me, too, after the doctor releases her. She already agreed. So you go on to the rehab center and take all the time you need there. That place is expensive but they are taking you on as charity, so make the best of it. Not many people get a chance like that.
Ana nodded her head. For some unclear reason, she felt that she could really succeed this time. She was more determined than ever before. She turned toward Ivan.
I will do it for you, Zoe, and myself, all of us, said Ana. I love you so much. I cant tell you how sorry I am. I have been a total failure. Will you forgive me, and give me another chance to be the mother I am supposed to be? 
Ivan threw himself in Anas arms, sobbing.
Now that I know whats going on, I will keep an eye on you, too, said Mai. I just hope that you dont find me meddlesome. You cant do this on your own. You should have been honest about it from the beginning, and we can all help you stay sober.
I cant just come out and tell random strangers that I am alcoholic, said Ana.
Why not? said Mai. People will respect you for it, and not tempt you with alcohol unknowingly. And if I had known this was the problem, I would have made you get treatment when you started being late to work, instead of waiting till you almost died. She gave Ana a disapproving look.
Ana was thankful for Mais candidness. Mai had always been a straightforward, no-nonsense kind of friend. Ana wished that she was as assertive and level-headed as Mai was.
Yes, madam, said Ana, giving Mai a military salute, I will not disappoint you.
They all broke into laughter when someone knocked on the door. It was Zoe in a wheelchair. Tuan, in plain clothes, was behind her.
Zoe, said Ana, smiling.
Zoes bandages had been removed, leaving only a few staples on one side of the scalp where it was shaved before the surgery. There were no tubes or wires. The swelling on her face had largely resolved and the bruises had faded into a greenish yellow with small blotches of brown. Tuan pushed her toward Ana. 
They wont let me walk yet, even though I have been pacing my room all morning. I am so bored, said Zoe.
Ana couldnt help it. Strings of tears rolled out of her eyes. 
Dont cry, Ma. Im not dead, said Zoe.
Ana hadnt heard Zoe called her Ma in so long that she was tearing up even more. Zoe reached out to grab Anas hand.
I guess we are even now, said Zoe. We both nearly died. Its a chance for us to start over. If I promise to not be a troublemaker anymore, will you promise to quit drinking for good? 
Yes, I will, said Ana. But you are never a troublemaker. You are a victim of my failure at being a mother. I am sorry.
Zoe gave Ana a smile, too. 
Officer Le told us what you did to save the women kidnapped from Russia and all over Southeast Asia. You are a real hero, said Mai.
I played a very small part. Tuan was the big shot, said Zoe.
Tuan rubbed his head, and he said, I was also just doing my part. It was a collaborative effort among many official and non-official individuals.
Your future son-in-law is very modest, Mai said to Ana.
Hes not the future son-in-law, said Zoe. We are just friends.
Tuan nodded his head to show his agreement, but he was blushing.
He acts like hes her boyfriend, said Mai. He stays up here all night every night, and calls the nurse all the time for every little concern. Zoes nurse told me all about it. When you were unconscious, Ana, the doctors were giving him the report on Zoe.
Well, said Tuan, someone had to know whats going on. Plus, I shared some blame for Zoes condition.
Thank you so much, Tuan, said Ana.
Ivan was the only one not smiling in the room. 
Im going to take a walk. Ill be back, said Ivan. He grabbed his skateboard, and left the room.
Zoe bit her lower lip and said to Ana, Do you know about Sofia?
Whos that? said Ana.
Zoe let out a long sigh, and then she began to fill Ana in on the state of Ivans fateful relationship with Sofia.
Chapter 38
When Ana got out of rehab a month later, the fall term of school had started for Zoe and Ivan. Ana was not able to pay for the tuition, but Ivan got a scholarship somehow and the school agreed to let Ana pay for Zoes fees in installments. Ana had a feeling that her luck was beginning to turn in her favor. She stayed with Mai while her counselor at the rehab center helped her find another apartment. The counselor found one, and Anas family would be able to move in once Ana saved up enough money for the security deposit and the first months rent.
Ana was happy that Zoe decided to actually attend classes now. Zoe still loved music, but she had developed a new interest in the general direction of helping people as she called it. She wasnt sure what career path she wanted to pursue yet. She was considering law enforcement, healthcare, and social work. She even considered teaching, because she thought that a better education would empower women and arm them against predators. Psychology was another option, because if Irisa had the counseling she needed after her husband died, she might not have gotten so depressed and lost her job. In any case, Zoe told Ana that she would finish high school and get a university degree because most of the jobs she was contemplating required a college diploma. She had a lot of catching up to do, but she was determined to make it happen. During her free time, which was preciously little now, she still got together with her friends to play their favorite gothic metal songs. Ana was worried that the volume of Zoes band practice would annoy Mais neighbors, but Zoe had instituted a plan to win over the heart of everyone in the apartment building. She helped take out the trash and do chores here and there, even babysit for free. She also got her band to play at all her neighbors special occasions without charging a fee.
Ivan still cruised up and down the beach promenade on his skateboard every afternoon, and Ana knew that he was still hoping that Sofia would appear one day. Before he went to bed every night, he would stare at the jar of seashells that Sofia had left him, and it saddened Ana to see him so miserable. He was able to focus on schoolwork, and still get top grades, but Ana knew that he would not be able to get over Sofia for a long time to come. She only had to look within herself for confirmation. Vo was never too far from her thoughts, either.
With the assistance of the counselor at the rehab center, Ana was able to obtain a job at an electronics store. She gave advice to customers shopping for cameras and accessories, and was even allowed to display her photographs in the store as advertisement. She talked her boss into hosting a weekly photography workshop and that helped boost revenue tremendously as the students invariably made more purchases afterward, in addition to paying a fee for the class. Her boss was aware of her alcoholic history, and he was entrusted by the rehab center with the task of monitoring Ana for signs of relapse. 
Ma, do you miss Mr. Nguyen? said Ivan one evening as he, Zoe and Ana were getting ready for bed. The three of them were sharing a room in Mais apartment. Ana and Zoe took the bed, and Ivan slept on the floor.
I do. You too? said Ana.
I really wish he could be my papa, said Ivan.
It was too bad, said Zoe. We cant blame him for leaving. We were just too messed up. 
To make up for it, said Ana, I will work doubly hard as a mother. Deal? She gave a bitter smile.
Ivan shook his head and said, You still love him though, right?
Ana didnt answer.
Thats what I meant by missing him, said Ivan. He looked toward the jar of seashells on his desk.
Dont be so sentimental, said Zoe. I know that you miss Sofia. Its no use. She wont come back. Mr. Nguyen wont, either. So its best if we just forget about them and move on.
Its easy for you to say, said Ivan. You got Tuan, so you dont care if the rest of the world is heartbroken.
For the thousandth time, Tuan is not my boyfriend, said Zoe. She sounded annoyed.
Whatever, said Ivan.
The conversation ended, and Ivan and Zoe fell asleep without any more fuss. Ana lay awake, staring at the ceiling. She still wore the necklace that Vo had given her. She felt for the pearl, the one she and Vo found on that remote island. It felt so distant, like a century ago, but at the same time as fresh as yesterday. As much as the memories pained her, she refused to part with the pearl. The tears streamed down her face silently.
When Ana got off from work, she would take a walk on the beach. She always hesitated when she was about to come across the Sailing Club. She worried that Vo might get angry if he saw her. But in the end she always walked by it anyway, slowly and purposefully, with the dim hope of catching a glance of Vo. She thought about how embarrassed it would be if people caught her stalking. This behavior could not be healthy, but she gave in to this obsession, telling herself that it was all right since she had to replace the drinking habit with something else.
The day that Ana was to move into her new apartment, Mai came home with some news.
Mr. Tran is closing the restaurant for a few days so he can go to a wedding in America, said Mai. I asked him who was getting married, and he said it was Miss Kim Pham, the daughter of his number one investor. He told me that Mr. Vo Nguyen already left with Miss Kim for America to get ready for the wedding. She stopped to catch a breath.
Ana was shocked to hear it. She felt the blood rush out of her head, and dropped a box of books on the floor. The books bounced out of the box and scattered.
Zoe held on to Ana. Ivan got down on his knees to collect the books and put them back in the box. 
The wedding is going to be next Sunday, said Mai. I am off all week next week, and a few more days after that. Mr. Tran said that he was going to have a vacation in America, too, since he had never been there before.
That was last minute and short notice, said Ivan.
It had to be. Miss Kim is pregnant, said Mai.
Ana took a step back. Her mouth was half open in astonishment. Zoe wrapped her arm around Anas shoulder. 
I cant believe it, said Mai. Its barely two months since you two broke up. Men are pigs.
Ana felt dizzy. She sat down in a chair, and buried her face in her hands.
Aunt Mai, said Zoe, couldnt you have waited till after we moved to tell us this? Actually, we really didnt need to know it to begin with.
You know I cant keep my mouth shut, said Mai, and your mother will find out sooner or later anyway. She turned to Ana and said, Ill help you move these boxes. Why dont you rest a little till you feel better?
Ana stood up, grabbed a box, and headed out of Mais apartment. There was a van waiting outside to collect all the boxes and take Ana, Zoe, and Ivan to their new home.
Aunt Mai, youve really upset my ma, said Zoe. She was pouting.
You keep an eye on your mother, said Mai. Make sure she doesnt start drinking. Let me know right away if you suspect anything. She is really vulnerable right now.
She wouldnt be if she hadnt known what happened, said Zoe. Sometimes I wish that you could just keep a few things to yourself, said Zoe. 
Mai helped Zoe and Ivan move a few more boxes. When they were finished, Zoe threw her arms around Mai and gave Mai a good squeeze. 
Goodbye, Aunt Mai, said Zoe. Thank you for all youve done for us. We love you tons. She picked up the last box, and walked out of Mais apartment with Ivan. The rainy season had started, and it was pouring again. Zoe thought that perhaps, since her mother wouldnt cry, the gods in heaven, stricken with her mothers sorrow, let their tears flood the earth instead.
Chapter 39
Ana focused on setting up her new home in the next few weeks, trying to crowd the sadness and disappointment out of her mind by occupying it with other matters. The new apartment, thankfully, came furnished by the landlord, who was also a recovering alcoholic. He had promised to alert the counselor at the rehab center if Ana was ever behind in rent, an indication of a possible relapse. The landlord let Ana decorate her apartment according to her hearts desire, so Ana repainted the walls and installed her photographs around the apartment. Ivan and Zoe decorated their own rooms, too. Ivan put up posters of marine mammals on his walls, and started his own collection of seashells in addition to the jar Sofia gave him, which he placed prominently on his nightstand. Zoe made black, purple and red the theme colors of her room, and filled it with ornate silver candleholders and embroidered silk cushions. Soon, the three of them had a cozy home to return to every evening, where they would sit and have dinner together, and talk about their day. It was never discussed in the open, but there was a taciturn understanding among them that Nha Trang was going to be home indefinitely.
Ana was doing well at the electronics store, and besides the photography workshop, she started to do studio portraits as well in a room above the store. Ana was bringing in so much business that the owner of the store had to hire an additional clerk to help with the volume of customers. On the weekends Ana taught Russian out of her apartment, and she occasionally gave tours of Nha Trang to Russian visitors. Every now and then she took a commissioned photography job, but for the most part she roamed around Nha Trang photographing whatever subjects she found fascinating. She saved up money to purchase a secondhand large format printer, and was now able to print and frame her own work. She tried to spend some time with Zoe and Ivan, but they usually had other academic or social engagements; they were more than satisfied just to have dinner with Ana every night, they told her.
The rainy season was over when winter started, which was a little cooler than the summer but still balmy compared to winter in Novosibirsk. Ana missed the Christmas celebrations in Russia, but for the most part, she was glad to be in Nha Trang instead. She went for a walk on the beach every morning and every afternoon, sometimes stopping to watch Ivan and his friends skateboard. She rarely watched Ivan skateboard before, but now all the boys wanted to show off their tricks in front of her. She was proud when she saw Ivan teach the younger kids how to skateboard; he had both the patience and the tact.
Zoe started to ask Ana to go shopping together. This was a new thing for Ana. Their favorite hangout was the Nha Trang Center. Ivan would play the arcade games while Ana and Zoe window-shopped. Ana and Zoe developed a new camaraderie as they critiqued the clothes, accessories, and shoes. When they got tired of walking, they would meet up with Ivan for lunch at the food court, and then catch the latest movie. Zoe now dressed less dramatically for school, but outside of school she still wore gothic outfits and makeup. Zoe often wore the dress that Ana gave her for her birthday, and that was validation for Anas effort at being a better mother. Ana was thankful for it every day, and whenever she felt thirsty for vodka, the thought of losing her children would quickly put the craving out of her mind.
The Vietnamese New Year came in the middle of winter, and Mai invited Anas family over for a lavish feast. Ana loved the bnh tt, sticky rice with mung bean paste bundled up in banana leaves. Zoe and Ivan were ecstatic when they each received a red envelope with money inside from Mai. They bowed to her and said, Chc mng nm mi. After the feast they all went to the beach to watch the fireworks over the sea. Ana looked up at the night sky which was brightened by the pyrotechnics, and prayed that this good life would never end. 
One Friday evening, Ana came home and saw that Ivan and Zoe were watching television in the living room. She smiled, thinking how precious that moment was, because back in Russia, Zoe had not always lived with Ivan. It was a wonderful feeling to come home to two cheerful children who were sharing their time with each other. Zoe and Ivan had bonded so much and so quickly. Ana greeted her children, and then went to the kitchen to heat up the food she made the evening before. Ana was now shopping for groceries and cooking daily, except on Friday evenings when she attended the meetings of the local alcoholics support group.
Dinners ready, said Ana as she brought out the bowls and plates from the cabinet.
Zoe and Ivan came in to help set the table.
So who wants to tell me about school first? said Ana 
I made a ninety-five on my math test, said Zoe.
Wow, said Ana, you mustve worked really hard on it. Your grades are improving so fast. Looks like you might be able to graduate from high school on time.
Or not, she has to make up so many classes, said Ivan.
I just need to take this exit exam at the end of the spring semester, and if I pass I will graduate, said Zoe. Smart people dont have to take all the classes. Its called skipping a grade or two. She stuck out her tongue at Ivan, who did the same back at her.
Ana was delighted to hear that Zoe was progressing well. When they sat down to eat, the doorbell rang. Zoe went to answer the door, and came back in with Tuan.
Hi, Tuan. Sit down and eat, said Ana. She went to get an extra bowl and another pair of chopsticks.
Fish stew and stir-fried morning glory, I love it, Tuan said as he sat down. 
Tuan had become a frequent visitor at dinner time in Anas household. He would come after work and hung out for an hour or two after dinner. Sometimes, Tuan even helped Ana with the dishes and took out the trash. 
Ana enjoyed his company tremendously. She already thought of him as a son, inviting him to all family events and buying him little things here and there. She even surprised him with a party on his birthday. It was obvious that Tuan was in love with Zoe. Tuan was one of those rare dependable, trustworthy men that Ana had only read about in romance novels. She wanted Zoe to finish college first, but secretly she was already fantasizing about planning Zoes wedding, and she even daydreamed about spoiling her first grandchild.
Tell us another story, Tuan, said Ivan. Ana knew that Ivan liked to brag about his police friends heroic adventures at school. Tuan started telling them about a case he had recently solved. Zoe and Ivan listened intently; their eyes followed Tuans animated gestures, and they gasped whenever Tuan would describe a particularly sensational detail.
Ana watched the three youngsters joke with one another between each bite of the food that she had prepared. She wondered if this was what a normal family dinner looked like. It had to be, everyone seemed happy, and Ana didnt know how to make it any better. There was still a void in her heart, but for now, she was content.
Chapter 40
There was a mad exodus of students when the school day was over some time in the middle of the afternoon. They came out in groups of three or four, all talking at once about their afterschool plans, somehow all hearing one another at the same time. Some were picked up by their parents who had been waiting by the gate, but most walked home with their pals. Many of them, those without parental supervision, went straight to the nearby cafes or stores for snacks, drinks, and arcade games. 
Zoe was chatting with a friend when she saw Tuan waiting for her in his green uniform on his police motorcycle. He waved at her, flashing a smile at the same time.
Your boyfriend is here, said her friend, Elena. Are you still coming over to my house for the movie, or are you going to cancel? 
I am coming. Wait for me here, said Zoe. 
She walked over to Tuan, and frowned at him.
I told you not to come and pick me up anymore, said Zoe. I dont want people to think that you are my boyfriend. I know you are trying to protect me from potential retaliation by Boriss gang, and I really appreciate it. But its been over six months now. Nothing has happened. I doubt that any of them knew I planted the bugs. So relax.
You need a ride home anyway, and I am free, said Tuan. 
Ive got other things to do, said Zoe, rolling her eyes. Well, my friend is waiting for me, so Ill see you later. She walked back toward Elena.
Will I see you at dinner tonight? At your place? said Tuan.
Yeah. Bye, said Zoe as she and Elena walked away.
Tuan looked longingly until Zoe and Elena disappeared around a corner. He stared into space for a while, until someone called his name. It was Ivan, who just came out of the school on his skateboard. 
Whats the matter? Wheres Zoe? said Ivan.
She went with her friend somewhere, said Tuan.
I like you a lot, Tuan, said Ivan, but I think you should give up now. My sister is not very bright when it comes to choosing a boyfriend. She and my mother had that in common, unfortunately, chronically dating losers. Well, except for Eduard and Mr. Nguyen, in the case of my mother. Anyway, Zoe is stupid for not wanting you. Dont waste your time on her.
What do you know about these things? You are barely twelve, said Tuan. He chuckled, looking into the distance.
Ivan shook his head and said, Ill see you later. He left on his skateboard.
Tuan had passed on a promotion in the Hanoi Police Department in order to stay with Zoe in Nha Trang. He was incurably drawn to her, and he couldnt bear the thought of not seeing her for even just one day. He was almost six years older than Zoe, but Zoes had boyfriends who were much older, according to her anyway. He didnt much like hearing about her old flings.
He heard his cell phone ring, but he didnt answer it when he saw that the caller was his mother. He had been avoiding his parents. He didnt want to explain one more time why he had not returned to Hanoi, or why he had disappointed his father by turning down the promotion. He didnt tell them about Zoe, because they wouldnt have understood, and might have resented her instead. That wouldnt help, if some day in the future she would agree to marry him.
He went back to the police station and worked on a couple of cases before he left for Zoes apartment. For now, he was satisfied just to help her with homework and watch a little television together. Zoes mother seemed to like him well, so he thought that his chances were pretty good.
Zoe was waiting for him outside her apartment building when he arrived. He smiled broadly when he saw her. This was the first time that she had greeted him before he walked up to her second-floor home.
Lets go to the beach. I want to talk to you, said Zoe. She sat down behind Tuan on his motorcycle before he turned off the engine. When he took off toward the beach, he was a little disappointed when she held on to the rear grab bar instead of encircling his waist with her arms like she normally did. 
It was almost dark when they got to the beach. They left their shoes with the motorcycle, and started walking toward the sand. Tuan was delighted that they got to spend some time alone, but was apprehensive of the conversation that Zoe had in mind.
Its so beautiful, the ocean, even at night, said Tuan. Dont you want to just stay here forever? We should do this more often, walking on the beach in the evenings when its less crowded.
Zoe didnt answer right away. She was a couple of steps behind Tuan. Tuan stopped so that Zoe could catch up and walk with him side by side, but she just stopped, too. 
Tuan, said Zoe, I know how you feel about me. I dont really deserve all this attention and devotion. I hadnt exactly been a good girl.
I dont know what you are saying, said Tuan. I see a perfect girl in front of me, perfect in every way, perfect for anybody.
Zoe smiled. Tuan was emboldened. He took a deep breath and said, I love you, Zoe.
Zoe seemed a little stunned when she heard it
Thats just the problem, said Zoe. I dont love you that way. I mean, I am thankful for all youve done for me, and I owe you my life. And I do like you a lot, love you like a sister would a brother, really.
Tuan was taken aback. His muscles were tense. He thought that he could change Zoes mind by saying the right words, but he couldnt find them.
Are you okay? said Zoe.
Tell me why, said Tuan, because I dont understand it. I am a hundred times better than those men you used to date. Why wont you love me? His voice was shaking.
I just dont feel it, said Zoe. Anyway, itll be years before Im ready to fall in love, if at all, and I dont want you to gamble all that time when we might not end up together. I regret making poor decisions when it comes to boyfriends. For now, I want to focus on my studies and find out who I am, what I really want to be, and how I should approach this thing called life before I will even consider being with a man again. Its a big world out there, full of possibilities. I can be more than just somebodys girlfriend. I am much more than that.
Tuan tried to digest all the grand rationales and lofty ideals that Zoe just heaved at him. How could he refute any of that? He agreed with her, but he wanted her so selfishly.
We can do all those things together. I have been helping you study, said Tuan.
And I appreciate it, said Zoe. 
What do you want to do? said Tuan. Volunteer at the shelter? Join the Peace Corps? Take up painting, ballroom dance, or sailing? I will do anything your heart desires. I will do them with you.
You dont get it, said Zoe. I need to be by myself, unattached to anyone. I need to grow as an individual, not as a part of a binary entity. I will never really find myself if I give in to a romantic relationship now. 
Tuan looked down, and paced a few steps away from Zoe. He dug his toes into the wet sand at the edge of the water, feeling defeated. He turned around. Zoes expression was serious.
You cant stop me from waiting for you, said Tuan.
Zoe let out a sigh.
Tuan sighed, too, and said, I wont bother you again, but promise to stay friends with me, even if you fall in love with someone else after you have discovered yourself, and have grown as an individual to your satisfaction. His tone of voice had softened. 
Zoe broke into a smile. Tuan was teasing her, and that was a sign that he had agreed to let her be. She threw her arms around Tuan and gave him a gentle squeeze. 
Of course, friends forever, said Zoe. She let go of Tuan. She dared not hold on to him for too long, fearing that she might surrender to him after all. The memory of the first time she embraced him on his motorcycle came to her, and her skin tingled a little. She bit her lower lip, and wondered if perhaps, by refusing Tuan, she was making the biggest mistake of her life.
Chapter 41
The alcoholics support group meetings took place in the home of a wealthy French expat. The house was built on a headland overlooking the South China Sea, north of the bustling city center. Clement Simon had come from a prominent Parisian family and never for one minute of his life worried about money. After he killed his daughter in a drunk-driving accident, he spent two years in prison and vowed to never touch alcohol again. He signed the divorce papers and moved halfway around the world to escape from the socialites that were still throwing money at wine-filled parties, gossiping about his misfortune as if they were somehow above him.
Every Friday evening Clement opened his house to all who sought support and guidance in defeating their demons. The attendants were mostly foreigners, and as much as Clement hated it, the meetings were conducted in English as it was the most commonly spoken language among the members. They took turns facilitating the meetings, and encouraged one another to share their stories. Nothing was too mundane to talk about, Clement had stressed from the beginning. People were welcome to invoke any deity to help them with their struggles, but in general, they left religions out and relied mainly on the strength and wisdom of one another.
Ana had been attending the meetings faithfully for a few months now, and had been sober for longer than she could ever remember. She felt strong and confident, and was glad that her life was in her control again. She became friends with all who attended Clements meetings. Having a network of fellow recovering alcoholics with whom she could be honest about her problems and emotions provided the outlet she would have otherwise substituted with vodka.
So, Ana, whats this I hear about you being a photographer? said Clement one night as everyone was leaving his house after a meeting.
Its nothing, said Ana. I like playing with cameras and taking pictures. You know I work at an electronics store and my boss lets me hang my photos there to help advertise his cameras.
I miss the museums in Paris, said Clement, and I am thinking about hosting an exhibit in my house. Gary paints and Nancys got that pottery wheel. We can put a show together and invite the whole city to come, locals and tourists. Ive got a few empty rooms we can use.
Ana considered it for a moment, and started to feel excited about the opportunity to participate in an exhibit. 
Are you sure you want all these people in your house? said Ana.
I want to see what the interest is like. If we get a big turnout, I will consider buying a space somewhere and renovate it into a gallery. This could mean revenue. If it turns out to be a flop, at least we get to see and enjoy one anothers work. I need some intellectual stimuli. Clement chuckled.
Sounds like a great idea, said Ana. I will email everyone and find more artists to participate. And of course, I will help with the installation and the advertising.
They agreed to meet and discuss details later. Ana bounded out of Clements house and hailed a taxi to take her home. The idea of an exhibit was thrilling. She could get some recognition.
Over the next month Ana threw herself into the production of the exhibit at Clements house. East Sea SpringArts and Conversations was the official title. Ana asked Mai to help recruit some Vietnamese artists to participate as well, and Zoe got the other guitarist from her band, Nelly, to show some of her pencil sketches and watercolors. Ana transformed Clements house into an art gallery, and Mai agreed to cater the hors doeuvres for the reception on opening night.
March had arrived once again and Ana reflected on her year in Nha Trang as she looked herself in the mirror, getting ready for the opening reception. She was wearing a flowing red dress, and she let her brunette hair down in long, bouncy curls. Her face was glowing without the need for much makeup, a result of her much improved health with alcohol cessation. The last item she put on was the necklace with the pearl. She felt a sting in her chest, and let out a sigh.
You look beautiful, said Clement when he saw Ana.
Thanks, said Ana. Are you glad that your art show has come true? There are so many people here. I heard that you invited some dealers from overseas. It pays to have a rich friend with connections.
Clement grinned at Anas remark. Zoes friend, Tam, was playing jazz standards on the piano, and the music filled the house, providing a backdrop to the lively chatters among the artists and the guests. Ana was a little nervous, as she had never been to an event like this before. She was glad that Clement did most of the talking when he escorted her around the house to introduce her to important attendees such as the art dealers and a couple of critics. She felt somewhat inadequate and didnt want to contribute to the dialogues. Listening to the experts was more than satisfying.
Tell us about this photograph, said an art dealer from Japan. He was pointing at a black-and-white photograph of three pairs of hands intertwined.
I just took this one recently, said Ana. The hands are those of my children Zoe and Ivan, and mine. We didnt always get along, but after we got through a terrible crisis recently, we had gotten closer now. I took this photograph to commemorate and celebrate the bond we formed.
It really stands out, a very touching piece, said the art dealer. I could put this in my gallery in Tokyo.
Thats very kind of you to offer, Ana said, but its not for sale.
The art dealer raised an eyebrow. Ana was afraid that she might have offended him, and looked to Clement for rescue. 
Ana has other pieces that you could consider. Right, Ana? said Clement.
Ana nodded, and then proceeded to describe her other photographs. The art dealer from Japan was pacified when he fell in love with a still shot of Ivans friend, Duong, on his skateboard in midair with the blue ocean and sky in the background. Ana was relieved, and quickly agreed to discuss its consignment with the art dealer later.
When Ana thought that she had met all the dealers and critics that Clement had invited, he said, There is someone else Id like for you to meet. 
He took her from the living room to the outdoors terrace, which was situated at the edge of the headland. Candle-lit lanterns cast a mellow light in the darkness. Ana could hear the waves gently slapping against the rocks at the foot of the promontory. When she looked toward the ocean she saw the full moon on the horizon and its reflection on the water. It was more than she could do not to cry, being overwhelmed by such beauty.
Am I meeting the moon? said Ana. She put her hands on the stone balustrade, still gazing at the celestial body in the distance.
Ana, said a familiar voice.
Ana stiffened a little when she heard her name. She wanted to turn around to see who it was, but somehow her body did not allow it.
Time seemed to have suspended while Ana tried to process what she thought to be some kind of an auditory hallucination. She blinked twice, and bit her lower lip. Her heart started to pound a little harder, and her limbs, trembling, were feeling a little numb.
Ana, the voice called again. 
Ana didnt dare move. The man approached her instead, and reached to cover Anas hand with his. Anas fingers became the portal through which an influx of emotions raced to her soul, and her skin rapidly succumbed to the familiar warmth emanating from the body standing next to hers. She knew all too well who it was. She just couldnt believe that it was happening.

Chapter 42
Vo took Anas hand off the balustrade and moved it in a way that made Anas body turn to face him. Their eyes locked at once and Ana felt faint all of a sudden. She managed to stay on her feet and said, I-I dont believe it. 
I know, said Vo, holding on to Anas hand. Ive been gone for so long. We didnt even say goodbye properly, the way I ran out on you like that. I am so sorry. 
No, Im the one whos sorry, said Ana. I was the one to blame. It was a good thing you found out what a terrible person I was. You wouldve had nothing but heartaches if you had been stuck with me. She looked around for Clement; he had disappeared.
You were never a terrible person, said Vo. That wasnt who you really were. Your life was hijacked by an addiction. But look at you. I think youve won yourself back. He inspected Ana from head to toe.
Ana studied the man in front of her as well. He had on a gray sport jacket, unbuttoned, with a white dress shirt underneath, the collar of which loose without a necktie. There was some stubble on the lower part of his face. He looked as captivating as ever.
Vo squeezed Anas hand gently. She didnt want him to let go.
How did you find out about this event? said Ana. 
I knew Clement through Kim, said Vo. He told me about it. Kim was an ER nurse at the hospital before she moved to the States. Clement used to go and talk to the nurses and doctors about his meetings for people with drinking problems.
He still does, said Ana. The subject of Kim reminded her of the inappropriateness of the present encounter. She pulled her hand away, and said out of politeness, So, how is Kim? Adjusting well?
Shes all right for the most part, said Vo, but she has the usual issues with unfamiliar foods, people, language, hard time getting used to the mother-in-law, et cetera.
Ana remembered her one and only visit with Vos mother, and shivered. 
We are expecting a baby boy in May, said Vo.
Ana was jolted by the announcement, even though she had known about it. She looked down on the floor and said, You must be really excited. 
Of course I am. Everyone is, said Vo.
Its a wonderful thing, being pregnant with your first child, said Ana. I remembered being pregnant with Zoe. I was in a blissful paradise every day. I was very careful, and followed all the advice I read in books.
Not the same with Ivan? 
No, said Ana, somewhat hesitant. When Zoes father died, I started drinking heavily. I got pregnant with Ivan. His father could be any of the men I was with. I didnt know who. I drank through the whole pregnancy. Its a miracle that Ivan is as intelligent as he is.
Ana, said Vo, you dont have to tell me these things. I know it hurts you very much to talk about it.
I want you to know, said Ana. Ive always wanted to come clean but I was never honest with you. I was ashamed of it. I still am.
Ana took a deep breath and continued to say, Eduard didnt know about my drinking problem when he married me. When I got pregnant with his child, I didnt quit drinking. I thought, Ivan turned out okay, so. Ana looked down, tears welling up in her eyes.
Oh, Ana, said Vo.
Anyway, said Ana, when Eduard found out that my drinking had killed his baby, he left. I thought that I had hit rock bottom then. Zoe had dropped out of school and run away from home. Ivan was withdrawn, without a single friend to talk to. Both of them hated me. I decided that it was time to get out of Novosibirsk and start from scratch. I didnt know that things were going to get a lot worse here.
But it all worked out now, right? said Vo. You did it. You made it work.
Ana looked at the moon again. She didnt think that she should take credit for anything. Luck was on her side now. That was all.
So what brings you back here? Ana looked up at Vo.
I missed Nha Trang, the ocean, my boat. I missed you, said Vo. He gazed into Anas eyes.
Ana didnt know how to react to that, so she responded with another question, How long are you staying?
For as long as it takes, said Vo.
Ana didnt understand what Vo meant by it, but before she could ask him to explain, he had already started saying, Ive got my old job back at the Institute of Oceanography, and I am going to see the guys at the dive center tomorrow, too. Speaking of, I heard about the whole secret operation McKenzie had pulled off. It was incredible.
Yes, one of the gangsters almost killed Zoe, said Ana. Fortunately, she survived. Not only that, shes changed into a completely different person. Shes actually considering college. We get along now.
And hows Ivan?
He was heartbroken for a while. He really missed you. And then his girlfriend turned out to be the daughter of the head of the mafia that McKenzie busted.
No, said Vo. He mustve been devastated. 
Thats an understatement.
They were silent for a while, both looking toward the horizon. The part of the ocean that sparkled under the moonlight was alluring, and Ana pictured herself and Vo swimming in it. She blinked, considered how unethical that would be, and shook off the idea.
Vo looked into the house and said, Youve got a good turnout today. I always knew that people would come and admire your work.
You didnt have anything to do with this, did you? said Ana. Did you ask Clement to sponsor this show so that I could get some publicity? She wouldnt like it if that was the reason Clement approached her with this exhibit.
No, this was entirely Clements own idea. He missed the art scene in Paris. I did tell him that you were a photographer, but he came up with this himself.
Ana bit her lower lip, but didnt say anything.
So, how have you been? said Vo.
Ana didnt really know how to answer the question. She was supposed to give a positive response according to customs, but it wouldnt be the truth. Now that Vo was standing in front of her, she realized just how much she had wanted him and missed him all this time. 
I cant complain, said Ana. I am sober. Ive got a job. My kids dont hate me anymore. Now Ive got this exhibit. Id say my life is okay. She shrugged her shoulders.
Okay, but not great? said Vo. Same goes for me.
Ana looked away.
Ana, Ive thought about you a lot, said Vo. I guess, what I want to say is, that I want you to give me another chance. It was foolish of me to run off like that, but I needed some time to clear my head. I was so angry, so mad, and so jealous.
Another chance? Ana couldnt believe that Vo was asking her to do the impossible. She was not going down that path. She used all the strength she had to fight the urge to throw herself into Vos arms. I think that, said Ana, for the time being, lets just be friends.
Vo seemed disappointed. After a moment, he said, Thats all Im asking for.
They stood and enjoyed the comforting stillness of each others company for a little while longer. When they walked back into the house, the crowd had dissipated. Clement was seeing the last few guests off and directing his staff to clean up.
So, you two finally reunited, said Clement when he saw them.
Did you plan this? How could you hide it from me? said Ana.
Vo told me to. Its been really hard trying to keep everything secret from you.
Uh? said Ana. She tilted her head to one side, puzzled. 
What, you still dont know? said Clement. He frowned at Vo.
Dont bother Ana with that, said Vo. Not now. 
Well, she ought to know, said Clement. Vo took out a loan to pay for your treatment at the rehab center. He referred you to our support group. He also sponsored the scholarship to pay for Ivans tuition, and worked out a plan with the school so that you didnt have to pay for Zoes all at once.
You did what? Ana looked at Vo, who was gesturing for Clement to stop.
We kept a correspondence so that he could keep up with you, said Clement, ignoring Vos protest. He wanted to offer assistance whenever you needed it. He said, and I quote, I will give my all for all of Ana, alcoholic or not.
Ana wasnt really listening. Instead of gratitude, she was feeling resentment toward Vos patronizing actions. She took a deep breath, and looked away.
Ana, said Vo, I didnt know how to explain to you at the time. I wasnt ready to see you face to face, but I couldnt leave you in a state like that.
So you took me on as a charity project? said Ana. Is this, was all this just you trying to be nice to me, because you pity me? 
No, said Vo, it wasnt like that. Its never like that. His tone was urgent. 
You know, Ana, said Clement, you could always pay him back, if it offended you so much.
Anas thoughts were in chaos and she didnt quite know how to resolve the shock. She looked at Vo. His face was tense, looking anxious. 
Yes, said Ana, I could pay you back. I will pay you back. She lowered her voice, and the lines on her face softened.
Lets not worry about it right now, said Vo. Why are we talking about money anyway? Clement, this is all your fault.
I am just trying to tell her the fact that you have never really left her. Youve got her back all this time, said Clement. He threw his hands up in the air, and left.
As rattled as Ana was, she let Vo escort her home in a taxi. They didnt talk much during the ride. When they arrived at Anas apartment, she raced to pay for the fare. Vo did not object.
I guess I owe you, a lot, said Ana. Thank you. I mean it. No one had stuck with me and carried me through like that before.
You are not mad anymore? said Vo.
I just wish that I had known. I suppose you got me where I am today. I dont know what else to say.
You dont need to say anything. I am to blame for a lot of things, too. We can take our time making it up to each other.
Ana nodded, and then she disappeared inside the door of her apartment building. She walked up the stairs, still awe-stricken from seeing Vo again. Was that really Vo? Or was it just a dream? And all the things Clement said that Vo had done for her, were they true? Maybe Vo was feeling guilty about leaving her and marrying Kim. A pulsating headache had crept up to Ana, and she was craving for vodka. She took her cell phone out of her purse, and dialed Mais number. Ana was having a crisis again.
Chapter 43
Ana set the large plates of grilled shrimp, vermicelli, and romaine lettuce down on the dining table in the kitchen. There was a stack of small, round rice paper next to a bowl of warm water. Tantalizing aroma filled the air as Ana whisked sesame oil and garlic paste into peanut butter and divided the final product into tiny porcelain saucers. While she worked, she thought about the conversation she had with Mai a few nights ago. It wouldnt be civilized to give Vo the cold shoulder since he had given Ana so much support, Mai had said, but Ana had better keep a polite distance from Vo. This new source of emotional distress would no doubt put Ana at risk of relapse. Mai made Ana promise that whenever she felt helpless, she would call Mai, as she did that night. That was about all she could do, anyway. She couldnt discuss it with her support group; she didnt want Clement to report any more of her feelings and thoughts to Vo.
She was about to call Zoe and Ivan into the kitchen when the doorbell rang.
Ill get it, said Ivan. He and Zoe had been doing homework at the coffee table in the living room. 
Mr. Nguyen. Youre back! Ivan shouted. From the kitchen, Ana could tell that Ivan was very excited.
You still remember me, huh? said Vo. 
So do I, said Zoe.
Ivan and Zoe led Vo to the kitchen. Ana and Vo smiled at each other and exchanged greetings.
I see that we have to work if we want to eat tonight, said Vo, looking at the items on the table. 
They all washed their hands and sat down to wrap their own spring rolls, which were eaten as soon as they were made. 
After Ivan had eaten a couple of spring rolls, he said to Vo, I thought we would never see you again.
I wasnt sure if I would see you again, either. I just had to go away for a while. I am sorry for letting you down, said Vo.
Ivan nodded in acknowledgement, his mouth full again with food. 
Ana wiped her lips and said, We are friends again, so you will get to see a lot of Mr. Nguyen.
Please, Zoe and Ivan, call me Vo. Mr. Nguyen sounds like an old man.
Ivan swallowed his morsel and said, I am used to Mr. Nguyen. I dont want to sound disrespectful calling you by your first name. Plus, I dont want you to be my friend. I want you to be my 
Ivan, said Ana, could you please get us some more warm water for the rice paper? She didnt want Ivan to finish his sentence. 
Ivan got up reluctantly to fetch what his mother had requested. 
Ana glanced at Zoe; Zoe was picking at her food with a fork. 
Where is Tuan? said Ana. Its been a while since he came over last time. Ana had set out an extra plate in case Tuan might show up for dinner.
Probably busy with work, said Zoe. She took a bite of her spring roll, looking a little despondent.
Ivan returned to the table and set down the bowl of warm water. He said, I havent seen him waiting for Zoe at the school, either. Hes probably given up on Zoe, finally. Ivan sat down and started making himself another spring roll.
So, I hear that both of you are doing well in school, said Vo. Zoe, you want to go to law school, is that right?
Zoe perked up a little and said, Actually, I am not sure yet. I am taking an elective in computer science, and I am having a lot of fun writing codes and creating simple applications. I wonder if I can one day be able to hack into the mafias bank accounts and transfer their illegal money into needy governments or charity organizations.
Her ambitious goals made everyone at the table chuckle. 
I am sure you can, said Vo. You will be the invisible cyber superhero. His comment made Ivan laugh out loud.
After dinner, Vo cleaned the dishes while Ana sat with Ivan and Zoe to find out what they were learning at school. Zoe had been staying up late to study for the high school exit exam, long after Ivan had gone to bed sometimes. Ana had never seen Zoe so dedicated to the academics.
In a matter of days a new routine was established. Ana got up at dawn to meet Vo on the beach for a stroll, and then they both came back to Anas apartment for breakfast with Ivan and Zoe. After Ivan and Zoe left for school, Vo would take Ana to work on his motorcycle. Occasionally Ana could get a break from work and visit Vo at the Sailing Club for a quick lunch. They would lounge on the padded beach chairs under a thatched umbrella, gazing far out into the shining sea. After work, Vo would take Ana to the market to get groceries, and then Ana would make dinner while Vo helped Ivan and Zoe with their homework. Vo would not leave until after Ivan and Zoe had retreated to their bedrooms for the night. As much as Ana wanted Vo to stay, she would always see him to the door with a friendly see you tomorrow.
On Friday evenings Vo went to Clements meetings with Ana, and negotiated with the art dealers who dropped in occasionally to inquire about Anas work in photography. Ana let Vo do all the talking, even though she knew that he didnt know much about the business of art, either. She planned to save all the income she made on her photographs and pay Vo back for his generous monetary support. If he could somehow inflate the price of her work, well-deserved or not, she would be able to repay him in full much sooner. 
As May drew near, however, Anas anxiety grew. Vo still hadnt mentioned anything about returning to the United States for the birth of his son, but Ana knew that it was inevitable. Once Vo saw the baby boy and fell in love with him, he might not return to Nha Trang ever. There were a slew of duties for a new father. How would he get away?
What are you thinking? said Vo. He was getting his boat ready while Ana sat on the pier, dangling her feet over the water. It was another splendid Saturday morning, and they were going to the Pearl Island. Ivan and Zoe had their own events that day, so Ana and Vo were looking forward to a scrumptious picnic and a long, quiet nap on the beach of the idyllic island.
You have made me so happy in the last couple of months, said Ana. I felt like Ive died and gone to heaven. Its so surreal. But I wonder if I am about to wake up from this dream.
Vo stepped off his boat and on to the pier. He was about to sit down next to Ana when someone called out her name.
Ana turned and saw a young man waving at her. She stood up, trying to recall his name. He had probably mistaken her for someone else. She looked at Vo, and shrugged her shoulders.
The young man ran toward her and said, Remember me? Erik. From the Rocking Waves, the nightclub they tore down.
Ana glanced at Vo, and she could tell that Vo recognized him. Vos face tensed up and his fists tightened.
What do you want? said Vo. He took a step forward, and pushed Ana back behind him.
Ana was still trying to identify where and when she and Erik had met. She didnt understand why Vo had become so hostile all of a sudden. She squinted to study Eriks face, trying to decipher the situation.
Erik looked puzzled at first, and then he grinned and said, You were too drunk to remember me. We were drinking vodka at the bar when the police raided the place. There were gun shots and people screaming bloody murder. We scrambled out of the scene and I took you home because you looked like you were about to pass out any minute.
Now Ana remembered who Erik was. The vivid image of the raid suddenly invaded her senses. She now realized why Vo looked so angry. She grabbed Vos hand, afraid that he was going to strike Erik.
Erik continued to say, Sure enough, as soon as I got you to your bed, you were a goner. I was exhausted, because I had to carry you up like, six flights of stairs. So I thought Id lie down to rest for a bit. Next thing I knew, I had slept the whole night there. My head was hurting so bad, but you kicked me out before I even had a chance to ask you for a cup of tea. I tell you. It was a wild night.
Anas jaw dropped. You mean we didnt said Ana. Nothing happened?
What? What did you think happened? said Erik. He paused for a second, and then he chuckled. Oh, I see what you meant. Well, I was hoping to get lucky but you were completely out. I never take advantage of women like that. I am a decent fellow. 
Ana looked at Vo; he seemed as stunned as she was.
Erik didnt wait for Vo and Ana to respond. He said, Well, my year in Nha Trang is over, and I am heading back to Australia. Its nice running into you, Ana. You are part of my first memorable encounters here. Really unforgettable that was. Cheerio. He turned around and walked away.
Vo turned to look at Ana as well. His face had relaxed. 
Ana, said Vo, it really didnt matter.
It mattered to me, said Ana. Regardless, I put myself in that situation, so you had every right to be angry. You werent wrong to leave me. I deserved the punishment.
Without asking Ana for her permission, Vo pulled Ana into his arms and held her as tight as he could. He said, I will never let anything separate us again. Never.
Ana was surprised by this gesture and she wanted to push him away, but the familiar warmth of his embrace overpowered her. She stood motionless, secretly relishing in the heat of Vos body, feeling ashamed at the same time. Vo did not let her go for a long time.
When they got into the boat, Vos cell phone rang and he answered it. He greeted the caller in English, but quickly switched over to Vietnamese. Ana could understand some Vietnamese, but he was speaking too fast for her to comprehend. All she could tell was that it had something to do with a baby, and Vo seemed very excited.
Good news, said Vo as he put his phone away. My mom just called to say that our baby has arrived. Everything went well. Mother and baby should be going home in a couple of days.
Dont you need to go back to the States then? I am sure you are needed, said Ana.
Of course they want me there, but I have more important things to do here, said Vo. He undid the rope that tied his boat to the pier, and started the engine.
Ana thought that Vo was acting very callously, and couldnt understand why he could be so outside of his character when it came to matters concerning Kim. How could she trust a man who didnt seem to care about his newborn son? Anas conscience ruled against Vo, but her heart made the decision to stand by him. After all, they were just friends. She was not doing anything wrong here, and how could she ever chastise someone who had helped turn her life around?
Chapter 44
July arrived, and Vo remained in Nha Trang. He seemed happy and unconcerned about his family on the other side of the Pacific Ocean. For selfish reasons, Ana never brought up Kim or the baby during conversations with Vo; he didnt talk much about them, either, anyway. Ana didnt try to persuade Vo to return to the United States, but she did decide to distance herself from him. She claimed to need time for her work in photography, and would allow Vo to visit only in the evenings when her children were present. She also stopped using his motorcycle for transportation, saying that shed rather walk for exercise. Everything was within walking distance, so Vo couldnt object.
School was out for the summer. Ivan was again attending the summer camp at the Institute of Oceanography, this time with Anas full knowledge and her authentic signatures on all the forms and waivers. He spent the rest of his time skateboarding with his friends, and expanding his collection of seashells. Zoe had passed the high school exit exam and got her diploma. She didnt apply to go to college because she wasnt sure whether she could finish high school on time. Instead, she would work for a year. She found a job at the fish market, gutting and cleaning fish of all sizes and varieties caught the night before. She told Ana that she could improve her Vietnamese and learned the culture better by mingling with the locals. When Ana visited Zoe at the fish market, she could tell that Zoe was an oddity there, but Zoes boss assured Ana that Zoe was welcomed by all; Zoe was quite an entertainer and it made the work less mundane and the day go faster, the boss had told Ana. 
Zoe, Ivan, I am home, said Ana as she set down the bags of groceries at the kitchen counter one evening. 
No one answered, but Ana heard someone sniffle and went to see who was upset. Ivan was nowhere to be found. Ana went to Zoes bedroom, and found Zoe crying in her bed.
Whats wrong, Zoe? said Ana. She sat down on Zoes bed.
Zoe sat up and threw her arms around Ana. Hes gone, said Zoe.
Whos gone? Ana rubbed Zoes back to try to calm her down.
Tuan, said Zoe. Hes left me for good. I told him to go away but I didnt know that Id be so sad when hes really gone.
Ana hadnt seen or heard from Tuan for months. Zoe would never give a clear response whenever Ana asked about him. Ana missed Tuan as well, but had come to terms with the fact that he was no longer a part of her family because Zoe didnt want him to be.
He found me at the fish market this morning to tell me that he was going back to Hanoi, said Zoe. He said that he would not come to Nha Trang again because Id broken his heart. He told me not to write or call, because it would hurt him too much. So, hes cutting himself off from me, completely. More tears rolled out of Zoes eyes.
Do you want him to stay? said Ana.
I dont know, said Zoe. I just dont want to be his girlfriend. I dont want to be anyones girlfriend. I know Ive hurt him. Thats why hes leaving. I dont know why I am so upset. I should be glad that he wont bother me anymore. I am going crazy.
Ana didnt know what to say. Sometimes one would not know how much something was treasured until one lost it. She held Zoe tightly, and let Zoe unload all her confused thoughts and emotions through her tears. Things would sort out themselves, eventually.
Someone opened the front door, and Ana heard Ivan and Vo laughing and talking in the living room. She grabbed a tissue and dried Zoes tears. Zoe was a little calmer now. Ana said to Zoe, You want to find out what the boys are up to tonight?
You go, Ma. Ill clean up a little, said Zoe.
Ana came out of Zoes room and greeted Vo and Ivan. They were discussing the elusive dolphins of the South China Sea again. Vo had given Ivan a ride home from the Institute of Oceanography.
Guess what, Ma, said Ivan. Mr. Nguyen is having a party tonight. Its his birthday. Can we go? Please? Ivan begged with folded hands.
It is? said Ana. I didnt know. I shouldve asked you about it. What an awful friend I am.
I dont really celebrate my birthday, said Vo. This time a few friends decided to throw me a party at the Sailing Club. They booked the whole place, so I have to go. Im turning forty, feeling kind of old.
Ana was not sure whether she wanted to go to an occasion where there might be alcohol involved, but Ivan kept begging her. She wanted to celebrate Vos fortieth birthday, too, so she finally agreed. Zoe poked her head out of the room to see what the commotion was about, and accepted the invitation. Ana thought that a party might be a good thing to distract Zoe from her agony over Tuan as well.
When they all got out of the taxi at the door of the Sailing Club, they could hear the Spanish guitar music flowing from the speakers. Someone at the door verified that Vo was the star of the event, and let him and his guests in. The cabanas that lined the pathway to the beach were illuminated with soft incandescent lamps, and the rectangular fountain down the center of the pathway was glowing aquamarine. 
Vo looked at the cabanas full of people and said, I didnt know I had all these friends.
A few people came up to talk to Vo right away, and within a short time they displaced Ana, Zoe and Ivan. Ana decided to head toward the beach, and signaled Zoe and Ivan to follow her. 
The Spanish guitar player was set up in the corner of the bar, and Zoe decided to go and check out his fingerpicking techniques.
Wait, whos going to make sure that I dont pick up a glass of vodka or something? said Ana, feeling a little nervous. 
Think of it as a test, Ma. You can do it, said Zoe as she took off.
Ana looked at Ivan and said, You are staying with me, right? I dont know anybody here.
Well, Ivan looked toward the sand where a few teenagers were playing beach volleyball, and he said, I kind of want to go over there. 
Okay, said Ana. I guess Ill just wait here by myself. 
Ana stood and watched as Ivan walked away. She shook her head, and then she found an empty lounging chair on the patio to sit down. She admired the elegant dcor of the restaurant and bar, with the simple but stylish furnishing and romantic lighting. A waiter came by and she ordered a glass of passion fruit juice. The place was well occupied with, she assumed, Vos friends, but because someone had the foresight to make it a private event, there wasnt a suffocating crowd. Most people were chatting in small groups, and a few were dancing to the music when the guitarist switched to bossa nova. Young kids were running around chasing one another, while their parents monitored from the side and exchanged advice and anecdotes. 
Ana.
Ana turned to see who was calling her name, and was surprised to see Kim.
Kim seemed to have gained some weight. Her face was fuller and her abdomen was still showing signs of recent pregnancy. When Ana stood up to greet her, she gave Ana a hug, American style.
Im so happy to see you, Ana. How have you been? said Kim. Her English was much more fluent, even though the accent was still heavy.
Ana was not expecting to see Kim, and she was beyond astonished. She managed to say, I am fine. I am in a much better shape than I was last year.
Good, said Kim. Have you and Vo been hanging out? He would only talk about you when he called home. We were all getting very jealous. At least he remembered to call us every once in a while. She smiled at Ana.
Ana swallowed hard. She felt a chill creeping up her spine. 
No, no, said Ana, we havent spent that much time together.
The waiter returned with Anas juice. Ana took a sip and tried to change the subject by saying, How is your baby? Where is your baby?
Oh, my baby is doing fine, said Kim. I am so glad to come home with the baby so my parents can see him. They are already spoiling him.
Kim paused, and then pointed toward the other end of the patio. Right now hes with my mother-in-law, over there. Can you see?
Ana looked, and saw Vos mother, Lan. Lan was cradling an infant in her arms, and chatting with a few other women. Ana folded her arms across her chest, trying to calm herself down.
Do you want to go and see the baby? said Kim.
Ana wanted to decline, but it would have been considered rude. Reluctantly, she agreed. 
Kim held Anas hand as they weaved in and out of the crowd to reach Lan. Lans face stiffened up when she saw Ana, but she stood up to say the proper greetings.
Ana wants to hold the baby, said Kim. Right, Ana? Kim took the baby from Lans arms, and handed him to Ana.
It took Ana a moment to hold the infant comfortably in her arms as it had been so long since she held one. She rocked the baby back and forth a little, and examined his face. Something about the baby looked a little odd to Ana.
And this is my mother-in-law, Adele, said Kim, pointing to a black woman sitting next to Lan. Mom, this is Ana, the one Vo talks about all the time.
Adele stood up to give Ana a hug and said, Dont worry about Vos mom. Ive got you covered. She winked at Ana, and sat down with Lan, resuming the conversation they were having with the other women.
Ana was speechless. The presumption she had held on to for months was shattered in a matter of seconds. She felt a little faint. She almost dropped the baby when Vidal walked up and tapped Ana on the back to greet her. Thankfully, her instinct as a mother saved her from such a catastrophe. 
Vidal gave her a puzzled look and said, Whats the matter? You look as if youve seen a ghost?
Ana opened her mouth, but no word came. 
Shes just too surprised to see us tonight, said Kim. I dont think Vo told her that wed be here, too. Kim took her baby back from Ana.
Vidal gave Kim a kiss on the lips and said, Im going to find Vo. They are about to bring out the cake. Vidal turned around and left.
You and Vidal got married last year? said Ana. 
Yes, said Kim, looking a little embarrassed, we fell in love so quickly, and before I knew it I was pregnant. Youd think as a nurse I would have been more careful. My father naturally was very angry. He wanted to sue Vidal and threatened to cut me off from my family. Vo had to go and talk to my father so many times, trying to reason with him. Eventually Vos mother stepped in and talked to my mother. Vos mother vouched that Vidal was a trustworthy and dependable man. The law degree helped. My parents finally gave in, and Vidal and I got married.
Ana nodded her head. She was feeling a little less anxious. Instead, her mood was starting to swing toward the other direction. Vo was unattached. She had been such a fool.
Its been like a dream, said Kim. Everything happened so fast. Vidal said I was his lucky star. He got a job as soon as he got back to America. Hes not doing corporate anymore; hes an environmental lawyer, fighting the companies that are polluting the Gulf of Mexico.
Even in the dim light Ana could see that Kim had a twinkle in her eyes as if she were talking about a god that she worshiped wholeheartedly. 
I am so happy for you, said Ana. I was very sorry about breaking you and Vo up last year.
Oh, I was not sorry about it at all, said Kim. I pretty much fell in love with Vidal as soon as I saw him the first time. He said he liked me from the beginning, too, but he pretended that he didnt because it was his duty to help Vo and I get married. After Vo ran away from the engagement dinner that night at Quan Bien Dong, Vidal came to see me the next day and confessed his feelings to me. I was so happy when I found out that he had been in love with me, too, all that time.
Ana and Kim were laughing when Vidal returned. Vo and Ivan were a couple of steps behind. 
What did I miss? said Vidal. He put his arm around Kims waist.
Vo bowed to his mother, and gave Vidals mother a hug. He greeted the other women whom his mother was talking to as well.
And this is Ivan, said Vo to his mother.
With a serious expression, Lan fixed her eyes on Ivan.
Ivan? Do you ride a skateboard? said Lan.
Yes, Mrs. Nguyen, said Ivan. He seemed to be studying Lans face as well, as if trying to recall something.
Lan stood up immediately, and put her hands together to bow to Ivan. She said, with a big smile, You are the Ivan who helped me when someone tried to rob me last year. She proceeded to recount the event for everyone present. When she was finished, all of her friends came up and hugged Ivan as well. Ivan smiled, looking embarrassed.
Ivan never told Ana about the event, so Ana was surprised as well as proud of Ivan. She gave Ivan a pat on the back. She glanced at Vo, who was shaking his head, indicating that he didnt know anything about it, either.
Ana is Ivans mother, said Vo to Lan.
Lan looked at Ivan, and then looked at Ana as if trying to confirm the resemblance. She shook her head and said, This is fate. I give up. She took a step forward, and gave Ana a hug. I give my blessing to you and my son. I will be happy to have you as my daughter-in-law. She folded Anas hands inside her own.
Mom, said Vo, dont embarrass her. We are just friends now. 
Everyone gave Vo and Ana a confused look, but before anyone could say anything, someone had started singing the song Happy Birthday and brought out the cake. 
Chapter 45
When the party was winding down and most guests had left, Vo found Ana at the edge of the water, making circles in the sand with her toes. Her hair was flowing in the wind, and her slender figure, wrapped in a white tunic dress, seemed to be swaying to the rhythm of the waves. It was more than he could bear not to run up to her and hold her in his arms. Instead he approached her in a gentlemanly manner. He felt a little weak in the knees, but managed to gather the necessary courage.
Ana, did you enjoy the evening? said Vo. He left his shoes at the bar, and was making little splashes of water with his foot. 
Yes. Im almost hoping that it wont end, said Ana. She gave him a smile.
They stood and listen to the sound of the ocean, the soft murmur of the Spanish guitar still reverberating in the air behind them. The moon was not up yet, and above them was a canvas of dark purple and indigo. The soothing breeze caressing their skin was at once both relaxing and invigorating. 
I was thinking about taking the boat out tonight. I would love to have some company, said Vo. 
Are you asking me to go out to sea in the dark? Sounds rather dangerous, said Ana. She peered at Vo, who was kicking up a micro-storm at the shoreline.
I didnt want to ask anyone else. I mean, theres no one else to ask, said Vo. He was stumbling to find words again.
Ana smiled and said, Id love to come.
Vo wanted to pick her up and spin her around out of joy, but he refrained from doing so, afraid that it might upset Ana. They walked back to the restaurant, and asked Vidal to take Ivan and Zoe home. Everyone was agreeable to the plan, so Vo and Ana hailed a taxi to take them to the Nha Trang Port.
The water was calm, and it did not get dark until the lights from the city and the residential islands were out of sight. Vo slowed down the boat and had it cruise at a leisurely speed when it seemed like he and Ana were the only two living beings around. The birds of the sea that frequently followed Vos seaward journeys were absent, and Vo imagined that the creatures underneath the surface of the water were also taking a rest. Vo offered Ana a blanket.
Thanks, but Im all right for now, said Ana. She shook her head to turn down the offer. There was an exhilarating chill in the air, and Ana wanted to soak it all in.
Ana didnt know where Vo was headed, but she didnt really care. When she was with Vo, it was beautiful anywhere in the world. They were not exchanging a lot of words, but they were communicating somehow, as if their spirits had invisible tentacles that reached out and in a game of back-and-forth, became intertwined.
Vo stopped the engine in the middle of complete darkness and said, Want to watch the stars for a bit?
They both lay down on the deck of the boat to admire the Milky Way, the stars more numerous and brilliant than could be seen in Nha Trang. The boat was rocking slightly on the open water, the waves slapping against its hull quietly. Ana moved toward Vo so that her arm was touching his. Vo didnt object. 
When Ana saw a stretch of iridescent blue starting to peek out above the horizon, she sat up.
I think the moon is about to come up, said Ana. She wanted to watch the moonrise.
Ana went to sit at the bow and cradled her knees, gazing into the distance. 
Vo watched Ana from behind. The wind was whispering softly, the silence mesmerizing. 
They watched as the full moon completely rose out of the edge of the ocean, massive and bright like a silver medallion, veiled by just a few wisps of a cloud. The sky behind was an electric cobalt, accentuated by blotches of charcoal with rims of platinum. The water below was sparkling in the moonlight, and Ana remembered something that she had always wanted to do.
She stood up, and as if in a trance she disrobed completely. Before Vo could react to what was happening, she had jumped into the ocean.
Vo ran to the bow and became worried when he saw only ripples on the water and no signs of Ana. His relief came when Ana poked her head out of the water, her long hair wet and draping over the curves of her shoulders. Her skin glowed as the moonlight bounced off the water and illuminated her. She swam with her head above water, away from the boat. 
Are you going to leave me here? said Vo. He was joking, but sounded desperate at the same time. It was just too cruel the way Ana teased him.
Ana swam back to the boat. Are you coming in?
I dont think I should. It wont be decent, said Vo, pretending to look away.
Fine, said Ana, and she swam away again.
Vo watched as Ana glided toward the moon until she almost blended in with the glistening sea. He couldnt resist it anymore. He removed his shirt, and jumped in.
He caught up with Ana, and they dove in and out of the silky water like they were in a synchronized dance. When Ana would pause to take a breath, her radiant silhouette against the moonlight was more than intoxicating. Vo looked at the pearl that Ana was wearing. It was shimmering as if it had come alive, casting a magic spell over him.
That pearl, said Vo, why do you wear it all the time? It makes me hope that you still want me. I cant let you go as long as you wear it. 
Then dont let me go, said Ana. She swam toward Vo, threw her arms around his neck, and kissed him.
It took them only a moment to rekindle the passion that they had hidden from each other. Vo held Ana firmly against him, wanting to touch every inch of her. They wouldnt regret it if they were to drown right there and then.
Ana pushed Vo away gently and said, I do still want you. I love you.
Oh, Ana, why do you keep me waiting in the dark? Why do you torture me so? Vo pulled Ana closer again.
Ana would explain it later, but not right now.
They swam back to the boat and dried off. Ana threw her tunic back on, and wrapped herself in a blanket as Vo started the engine. 
I dont want to go home yet, said Ana.
Dont worry, said Vo. I am taking you to the Pearl Island. We never get to see the sunrise from there, and now seems a good time to do it.
When they arrived at the island, the moon was directly above the hills. They started a fire, and took a stroll along the beach. It felt like they were at the end of time, so far removed from all the burdens of the past. They had abandoned the world, and with it all the pain and suffering that they had to endure before.
They fell asleep in each others arms, the powdery sand as their bed and the song of the ocean as the lullaby. 
When the moon exited behind the hills, a streak of orange penetrated through the neon violet at the junction between earth and sky. The air was getting warmer, and birds started to chirp.
Vo woke up first, and when he felt Ana in his arms he pinched himself to make sure that he wasnt in a dream. He studied her face, ran his finger through her hair and traced her eyebrows and her nose. He bent forward, drifting in the magnetic force that drew him to her.
Ana opened her eyes to see the sky turning a fierce coral as the sun ascended and the heat began to rise. She tried to pull Vo toward her, but he got up instead, his knees planted in the sand.
Ana sat up, too, a little disappointed.
Vo took a deep breath, and removed an object from his shirt pocket. It was a ring that he had made by weaving coconut leaves together while Ana was asleep. His hand was shaking slightly as he held the ring to Ana. Will you marry me? he asked.
A thousand times yes, said Ana. She could hardly wait for Vo to slide the ring onto her finger before she embraced him, locking their lips in a kiss for eternity. This was their first sunrise on the Pearl Island, and she wasnt going to miss it.
















Thank you for taking the time to read this novel.

E-mail your comments and suggestions to
meris_lee@yahoo.com

Cover Photo and Design by Meris Lee
Sunrise seen from the beach in Nha Trang


