McCullough Family Romances

By Sara Jamieson

Copyright 2014 Sara Jamieson

Smashwords Edition

License Notes
This ebook is for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Part One -- Abby

The below stairs staff in the penthouse apartment of the McCullough Place Housing Complex (which actually encompassed three floors making the term below stairs not entirely inappropriate if a bit antiquated) were not a very well settled group.  As a matter of fact, they were not settled at all.  There was Hannah Leine, of course, who had been with the household for nearly as long as the household had existed, but the rest of the staff never seemed to stay for very long.  Three weeks was a very common tenure (some lasted for six to eight, a few left after less than one, and one woman had remained for less than three hours) for the revolving series of staff members that paraded through the doors.
Hannah, as she always asked the others to call her, oversaw everything in the household -- she was a combination housekeeper, cook, and secretary/personal assistant even though (at any given time) there were one or two other people in the home who were (theoretically) supposed to be filling some of those roles.  In the early days of the widowed Mrs. McCullough taking up residence, there had been six people on staff in the household.  Some, such as the nanny and private tutor that had been engaged during Miss McCulloughs younger years, had moved on as their charge aged out of being in need of their services.  Of the rest, only Hannah had remained after Mrs. McCullough was gone.
The aforementioned Miss McCullough (usually referred to in the house as Miss Abby) did not trouble herself about the turnovers in staff.  It could even be argued (probably successfully so) that she failed to notice them.  Hannah did the hiring (and made what seemed at times never ending calls to the agency through which candidates were located in an attempt to fill the nearly always empty positions).  There was a driver (who also handled all outside errands as they arose) who had been in Miss Abbys employ for over a decade.  That cut at least one section of to dos out from the older womans daily list of tasks.  It was not that she minded the many hats that the instability of the staff forced her to take on so much as it was her preference that Abby be surrounded by more dependable people.  Besides, Abby McCullough was not demanding in the amount of work that was required; it was just that she was very particular about the manner in which the things that she did require be completed.
Cooking was an excellent example of that contrast -- on a standard day, the only meal that Miss Abby required to be prepared for her was breakfast (and on most of those days what she wanted for breakfast was toast).  On the other hand, she would (every once in a while) get what Hannah termed one of her whims and announce that she was hosting a dinner party with only three or four hours of notice.  The most memorable instance of which had been the time when she had come skipping into the kitchen one afternoon at 3:07 declaring that the nine member board of directors of the citys park commission were coming (with spouses or guests) for a six oclock dinner meeting about revamping before skipping back out with a call over her shoulder that she thought that Mrs. Davis had some sort of a food allergy but she could not remember what it was that the woman could not eat.
One of the young women who had been working there at the time had given her notice the next morning.  The other one had never come back (something that rated so highly on Hannahs list of things which decent human beings did not do that she remembered the name of each and every member of the staff who had ever done the same to this day).  It was all quite ridiculous in Hannahs opinion -- they had not had to do much more than a rushed setting up of the dining room and the actual serving.  Hannah (always prepared as she was) had made a quick phone call to the Davis home to check on the dietary details and pulled appropriate pre-prepared items from the freezer to cover the bulk of the dinner while she began baking for the dessert course.
Hannah was not about to argue that it could not be a trying situation, but it was not anything that could not be handled with a level head and a bit of forethought.  Further, there would be weeks of nothing but using a toaster to counter the occasions that called for more rushing about.  Other people would be perfectly capable of handling the cooking if they would take the trouble to try.
Cleaning was another matter (given the size of the space involved and the determination of dust to place itself everywhere), but there was a service who came weekly to handle the deeper cleaning issues leaving only moderate, here and there straightening up with a bit of dusting and sweeping (and laundry) to be completed in between those visits (which was still not a negligible amount of work given the three floors - even mostly unused as they were -- that were involved).
The biggest problem (from a time consumption and effort required standpoint) would be the items that fell under the heading of personal assistant duties.  Miss Abby received an obscenely large amount of mail that had to be opened and gone through and sorted and handled appropriately.  Hannah spent hours every day splitting items into piles -- there was a system that had to be followed very closely.  Financial statements and bills went to Ian; anything pertaining to charities went to Keely (financial statements for charities needed to be copied and sent to both).  Miss Abbys cousins had a very clear separation of what they each took care of in regard to their relatives well-being, and they both spent nearly as much time on Abbys concerns as they likely did on their own.  Hannah was not about to add to that with improperly sorted or misdirected correspondence.
There were the invitations (that Hannah saw to herself) to fundraisers and dinners and parties and events of the season, and there were the items that actually made it to Miss Abby for her personal attention.  (She was a letter writer of the old school variety and kept up correspondence with easily a dozen persons.) Hannah fielded phone calls, made appointments, and generally went about making certain that her charge (for Hannah could not help but think of her that way despite her 27 years of age) had very little to trouble her in the way of business matters or attention to the details.  She had worked for the womans mother since Abby herself had still been in diapers, and she had made a solemn promise to her before she died that she would make sure that Abby was never left to the mercy of someone who would not understand or appreciate just how special she was (she was nearly certain that a similar promise had been extracted from both the McCullough cousins despite the fact that Abby herself was the eldest of the trio).
She could not leave Abby (not yet).  She had always thought of training a replacement as the final stage of any job, and she was not going to change her mind simply because it was more difficult than expected.  She had to find someone in the never ending stream of service personnel that never seemed to stay who could do the job that she did as well as she had done it for the eight years since the rest of Brenda McCulloughs hires had gone their separate ways.  The problem was that Hannah Leine was not exactly a young woman.  She was getting up in years, and she was not ashamed to admit that she was tired.  It would have been nice to at least know that she could take time off to make Christmas visits to her own family without returning to a tangled mess of affairs that would fall to her to straighten.
Keely always offered to fill in for her (bless the child).  Hannah did take her up on it from time to time for a few days here or there, but it always left her feeling guilty.  Keely had enough on her plate already, and it would be all too easy for the younger woman to get swallowed up by her cousins life completely.  Hannah didnt want that -- she had been working behind the scenes to try to prevent that for years as it was.  There had to be some sensible person out there who was capable and efficient (and discrete) and would go about the day to day business required by the position without paying any mind to Miss Abbys eccentricities.  It was beyond her ability to imagine why such a person was proving so difficult to find. 
Hannah let the smallest of sighs escape her as she replaced the telephone receiver in its proper place.  It was far too early for anyone to be available to answer her call, but she had wanted the task out of the way as soon as possible.  She did not actually need to speak to anyone (would prefer not to at this point actually).  A message left on their machine would suffice.  It was not as though the people at the agency were unfamiliar with her name or why she was calling.  They had every possible detail that they could ever possibly need.  That was all the more reason to transmit her request via machine.  She did not care for the awkward pause that had become the norm after she identified herself to a live someone on the other end of the line.  They should work on their professionalism just a bit (in her opinion).  They were being paid good money for the service that they provided.  The least they could do would be to save their judgmental tones for a time when she would not be subjected to hearing them.  One of the promised two new starts had not bothered to show up the previous day, and Hannah had done her duty by letting the agency know.  They would have to find another replacement to send over.
Hannah would just have to keep at it for a while longer.  She might be getting older and more tired, but she was hardly aged and frail yet.  She would keep going (and perhaps she might start trying some other employment agencies if things did not take a turn for the better soon).  There was the new girl that had appeared on time yesterday, and she had not complained when Hannah had sent her off to start on gathering the trash this morning.  That was, in Hannahs experience, a good sign.  Those were the ones who usually stayed for more than a month.
It had taken the agency four days to come up with anyone to send over this time (another sign that she perhaps should be looking into some other options for finding new applicants).  The last one had quit over some ridiculous fit of temper about Miss Abbys insistence that proper names be used when relaying messages.  It was Hannahs own fault that it had happened (or so she told herself).  She never should have let the other one answer the phone.  She had been getting a little desperate for someone to step up and demonstrate that they had the skills needed to handle what needed doing, but that was no excuse.  She could not allow lapses of that nature.  The help needed to be thoroughly vetted before they had anything more than passing interactions with Abby (and message taking needed a series of lessons that could not be ignored).  She would have to refrain from taking the drop them in the middle of things and see if they make do course of action.  Or, perhaps, she should do that more often to weed people out before they got her hopes up by staying beyond those first couple of weeks.  She would have to ponder that more later -- as well as whether any additional upheaval would be worse on Abby in the long run.  She just did not have any time to ponder it now.  She had other places to be.
Hannah finished off the final touches of the breakfast tray that she had been arranging before making her phone call and took a step back to ensure that the pink carnation was, in fact, centered properly.  It was, and she ran her eyes over the whole to make certain that nothing was missing.  The toast, jam, and juice were all present as requested.  Two napkins were folded to the side.  The spoon and knife for the jam (Abby was adamant that she required both utensils to prepare her toast properly) were present; the knife was turned blade to the outside of the tray (in Abbys words to ward off invaders and jam thieves).  Everything was properly set; the tray was ready to be delivered.  She lifted it and made her way out of the kitchen and toward the stairs to start the climb to Abbys room.  Her day had been in motion for a couple of hours already; it was time for Miss Abby to get started on hers.
Up at the top of the building (in a bedroom filled with windows that looked out over the city down below), Abby McCullough was waking up and stretching out on her four poster bed with its canopy of frilly pink curtains that made the whole piece of furniture look less like a bed and more like the inside of a cotton candy machine.  That mental image was not dispelled by the shaggy pink carpet that covered the floor or the subtle light pink shade of the walls.  A few pieces of furniture in white -- a makeup table with chair (although it did possess a pink seat cushion) and a dresser to be specific -- softened the nearly overwhelming pinkness of it all, and the effect somehow managed to fall short of the qualifier of garish into which it could have so easily tumbled.  The sheer white curtains (falling in a cascade of ruffles) that framed the windows, a full length mirror, and some scattered prints across the walls also helped to mitigate the color saturation.
Abby was one of those persons who liked to linger in her bed for a few minutes after waking.  She did not spend that time drowsing or contemplating going back to sleep; she spent it gathering her thoughts and contemplating the day ahead of her and what she might be accomplishing during it.  She stared at her ceiling, hummed softly to herself, stretched her arms out above her head, and popped her back.  After a few minutes of such activities, she pushed the bedding that was covering her to the side.
She sat herself up and reached for the pink bathrobe that was draped at the foot of the bed.  She pulled it up to her and swung her legs to the side.  She stretched one more time as she placed her feet on the floor before standing up and making her way to one of the windows as she wrapped herself up in the fuzzy pink fabric.  She peered out at the sunshine filled sky and let a self-satisfied sigh escape her as she smiled at the sight.
Beautiful, she whispered to the glass before nodding her head in agreement with her own assessment and turning her head to check her appearance in the full length mirror that rested against the wall.  Also beautiful, she announced no longer whispering but using a normal conversational tone of voice.  She rested the fingers of one hand against the window glass and tapped them across its surface.  Its a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful day.
She turned her head and looked at the large alarm clock that perched on top of her bedside table and began humming again to herself under her breath in between bouts of comments that she seemed to be addressing to the room at large.  Mrs. Hannah will be on her way up; we mustnt keep the day waiting.
She disappeared behind a door that seemed to lead into a rather large (even as walk-in closets go) closet.  From its interior, various thumpings and rustlings and the sliding of hangers across metal rods could be heard for several minutes even over the ever increasing volume of Abbys humming.  At one point, an even larger thump (much like a box tumbling from a high shelf to the floor might sound) was heard followed immediately by a Whoopsey! from Abby.  When she finally emerged, she was bedecked in what would commonly be termed a ball gown.  It was ankle length with a full skirt that made a sort of swooshing sound as she walked.  It was pink (in keeping with the theme of decoration that the rooms occupant seemed to prefer) with a few ruffles and an iridescent sort of overlay that caught the sunlight streaming in the windows and made it seem as if pieces of pink glitter were twinkling all across the fabric like some sort of color rearranged field of stars in the night sky.
Abby did a small spin in front of the full length mirror.  She took a handful of skirt in each hand and held it out as she twisted from side to side and watched the light catching across it.  She smoothed it back down, held her hands up above her head, and did another small twirl.  She flashed her reflection a pleased smile as she came to the end of the rotation.  It is such a good day to be me, she told her mirror self before proceeding to the makeup table, settling into the pink cushioned seat, and beginning to brush out her hair.
Toast and jam today, she told the smaller reflection in the vanity mirror as she continued with her brushing.  Any minute now.  We mustnt dawdle; weve too many things to do.  She twisted her long hair up in a practiced motion and secured the mass with a handful of hairpins before adding a small tiara that was nearly lost in the pile.  She clipped it into place anyway and watched herself in the mirror as she nodded her head and then turned it from side to side as if to ensure that the adornment would neither wobble nor slide.  Once she appeared satisfied that it was secure, she dusted some powder across her nose and pushed everything on the table top back to leave a large open space.  Then, she returned to the window she had been looking out before.
She tapped one finger against the glass as if to try to garner the attention of a passing bird and grinned while looking down toward the street below (rather far below really) her.  She even rose up on her tiptoes as if that might bring her to a better angle for her downward viewing.  There is a clear sky, it is a pretty day, and the sun is shining, she stated as if checking items off of a list as she dropped back down to a flat footed stance.  It is such a good day to be me.  She repeated.
She pressed her nose up against the glass and continued her humming for several moments.  What is waiting down there for me today?  She wondered out loud before pausing as if waiting for an answer.  I bet its something exciting.  She declared as she clasped her hands together much like small children do when they are excited over something that they have been promised.  Its nearly time for an adventure.
She danced a little jig away from the window and back toward the bed before throwing herself down on it with her face buried in the plush expanse of the pink comforter.  She let out a small squeal of anticipation (as if she simply could not bear to hold it in any longer) and popped back up before adjusting her position (and the dress around her) so that she was sitting very primly on the end of the bed with her hands folded in her lap and looking surprisingly regal for a woman who had been dancing around the room and throwing herself down on the furniture just a few moments earlier.  The tiara had (amazingly) stayed perfectly in place during the entirety of her display, and it caught the light in her current position just as well as her dress did.  The overall effect of the twinkling flashes was rather bright, but it was also rather like looking at the depiction of a fairy godmother in a book of childrens tales.
She checked the time by glancing at her alarm clock once more and then held perfectly still with her head tilted to the side as if listening for something.  A smile broke across her face as she made out whatever it was that she was waiting to hear.  There we are, she said.  And it will be time in five, four, three, two, one.  Abby counted down out loud closing the fingers of one of the hands that rested in her lap into a fist as she did so.
A knock sounded on the bedroom door precisely as she finished declaring one, and Abby looked pleased at the accuracy of her timing.  She fluffed her skirt once before refolding her hands in her lap and turning her head toward the door with an expectant expression.  Enter, she declared sounding every bit as prim as her posture made her out to be.
Mrs. Leine entered the room with her breakfast tray balanced on one arm and against her hip as she finagled closing the door behind her.  She proceeded to the makeup table where she placed it in the hurriedly cleared spot that Abby had created earlier by shoving everything back.
A good morning to you, Hannah, Abby greeted her from her place on the bed (still sitting in her carefully arranged dress with her picture perfect posture).  Her eyes sparkled as if she were expecting something wonderful to occur at any moment (or as if she were amused by some private, internal joke that she wasnt voicing).  Thank you for bringing up breakfast.  I trust that everything downstairs is in good order this morning.
Good morning, miss, the older woman greeted in kind shifting something on the tray a little more towards the center before turning around to look at the woman perched on the bed.  She took in the carefully arranged air with neither comment nor change in expression.  You are welcome, and everything downstairs is well taken care of this morning.
Isnt it the most beautiful day outside?  Abby demanded breaking her prim demeanor and skipping from the bed to the chair with as much flouncing as could be reasonably included in a trip of such a short duration.
What other kind would it be?  Hannah remarked in an even tone that did not cause any detour of Abbys raptures over the weather in the slightest.
Have you noticed all of that sunshine?  Its warm out as well, but it isnt hot -- not in the least.  Did you see how blue the sky is?  And the clouds!  I think they must be especially fluffy today.  She chattered at Hannah without a single pause for any sort of response.  The older woman did not seem to expect to be required to actually give any sort of answer and remained silent throughout the dissertation.
Toast with jam!  She exclaimed after she was seated and had taken a moment to peruse the tray in front of her.  Abby reached out and pulled the carnation from its spot and held it up to her nose for a moment before she watched herself in the mirror as she moved it from ear to ear as if pondering wearing it in her hair.  She, apparently, decided against that course of action and returned it to its spot on the tray.  Then, she very carefully unfolded one napkin across her lap and took a small sip of juice.  Pineapple!  She announced sounding very pleased to discover the flavor.  She beamed in the general direction of Hannah who was making the rounds of the room straightening the covers on the bed and tucking various items back into their proper places.
She finished her breakfast quickly and used the second napkin to wipe carefully at her face and fingers before she spoke to the other woman (who had disappeared into and could be heard rummaging around in the closet) again.
Did I read any mail yesterday?  She inquired sounding curious (and as if she thought she might already know the answer but wanted someone to confirm that her recollection was not faulty).  Hannah reemerged as the question was voiced and returned to where her straightening of the room had begun.
You did not.  Hannah replied giving one last fluff to the pillows on the bed (the state of which had obviously not met with her approval on her second look around the room).  She stared at the fluffed pillows for a moment before nodding her head in approval and moving on to smooth out some wrinkles across the bedspread and place the robe that had been draped across her arm since her reentrance to the room proper back at the foot of the bed.
Why was that?  Abby asked turning in her chair so that she could face the housekeeper/personal assistant/jack of all trades/runner of her life.  Did nothing come in the mail yesterday?
I sent it all to Miss McCullough . . ., she began to reply before trailing off as if she had just realized that she had answered the question incorrectly (or, perhaps, she was checking to see if Miss Abby would allow that style of response to stand).  It was the exact thing that had sent the last one (who had made it to the seven week mark no less) leaving in a huff.
To whom?  Abby questioned sounding overly focused as if she had just heard something that displeased her but was willing to offer the opportunity for it to be corrected before she did anything about it.  To anyone else, the tone might have been meaningless (it certainly had not dawned on the previous hired help that she was treading dangerous ground when she heard that tone), but Hannah had been with Abby McCullough for a very long time.  She knew what it sounded like when her girl was ready to dig in her heels over something for which no one else could discern the importance.
Mrs. Leine sighed.  She sounded less like she was disappointed and more like she was resigned -- which she was.  This was precisely the sort of thing that made it so difficult (and so essential) to find properly trainable help.
I had it dispatched to Lady Keely at the Castle of Cherished Children, she told Abby brushing her hands down the front of her apron to smooth out a wrinkle or two that she had acquired as she busied herself around the room.  Everything was back where it belonged with the exception of the breakfast tray (and those items displaced in favor of it) in front of where Abby was still seated.
Thats better, Abby told her all traces of her previous disapproving tone washed away.  She busied herself by turning back to the mirror and once again checking the placement of her tiara.  Something must have seemed off to her as she decided to add an extra hair pin.  Do I have any messages?
Your cousin would like to speak with you.  Hannah told her pulling a small notepad from her pocket and looking it over.  It contained not a list of messages for Abby but her own list of things that she needed to see to that day (with asterisks placed next to the items that might be turned over to the new girl).  She carried on her conversation with Abby while looking over her list in a practiced manner that highlighted her ability to multitask in an effortless way.
Which one?  Abby asked giving her hair a final pat (satisfied that the additional pin had, in fact, done its job).
Ian.  Mrs. Leine clarified for her without looking up from her notepad as she removed a small pencil from the same pocket and started ticking off the items that she had already completed (she even, after a semi second of consideration, added another asterisk to an item that had not been previously marked).  Abby brushed off the clarification.
Yes, yes, I know that, she stated sounding as if she were tempted to tack the word duh on at the end of the sentence.  I meant which one of him wanted to speak with me?
Hannah appeared as if she might be hiding the beginnings of a small smile as she replied.  If she was, she did a magnificent job of successfully hiding it as there was not a trace of amusement to be seen (or heard in her voice) as she made her reply.
I believe it was uh . . . Sir Grumpy McGrumps-a-Lot.
Oh, him, Abby waved a hand in the other womans direction as if wiping the name out of the air between them.  I havent time for that today.  Im busy, and I dont care much for his company.  She looked at Hannah with an expression of exasperation.  I dont think that that man ever has any fun -- its always grumble, grumble, grumble.  No, Im much too busy.  Much too busy to make time for that.  Ill likely be too busy for years -- possibly decades.  She gave a small sigh as she shook her head.  If Ian wishes an audience, hell have to get one as Lord Ian, Defender of the Kingdoms Holdings.
Ill let you know, was the reply offered with an even, unruffled tone (even if an overly suspicious person might have suspected that they saw the woman biting back a laugh).
Hannah, Abby declared as she rose to her feet and kissed the older woman on the cheek.  You get better and better at your job every day.  I am so very proud of you.  She turned and made her way toward the door.  Now, I must be off.
Isnt it a bit early?  Hannah asked her glancing at the watch on her wrist and raising an eyebrow in her direction.
Nonsense, Abby dismissed the notion.  The subjects of the kingdom must not be deprived of the presence of their princess.  She scooped up a handbag from a hook on the wall and opened the door.  Besides, I must stop at the marble halled treasure depository.
You mean the bank, miss.  Hannah reminded her thankful that Miss Abbys driver was well-versed in her ways and would recognize the requested destination regardless.
Do I?  Abby paused as if considering the matter.  What a mundane word.  She frowned for a moment and shook her head before offering Hannah a shrug and a small smile.  I dont think I want to call it that at all.  Fair thee well, Hannah.  She called behind her as she disappeared into the hall.
She is a handful, she muttered to herself even as a fond smile spread itself across her features.  A bit eccentric, she added before rolling her eyes at her own choice of words.  A lot eccentric, she corrected, but she means well enough and is as sweet as she can be.  Shed never do anybody a bit of harm.  She continued to talk as she moved the breakfast tray from the table top to the chair and set about putting all of the items that had been pushed around to make room for it back into their proper places.
If one of them would only stick around long enough to understand that, she sighed.  Downright devoted to her mamas charities that one is.  Do any of them bother themselves about that?  No, its always but thats too short of notice or she talks strange or a million and one other excuses so they can pack up and be on their way.
Seeming to realize that she was speaking out loud, Hannah bit her lip and returned her thoughts to a more interior monologue.  It was not as if Miss Abby were all alone in the world.  There was family around that could step in if necessary.  It was not as if Hannah should have to bear this whole finding her replacement weight on her shoulders.  She trusted that, if needed, Keely would do it all herself, but she did not want that.  Keely did more than she should already between looking after Abby and overseeing the McCullough Charitable Foundation and working at the Childrens Charity in person and trying to keep her brother in line -- Hannah could not in good conscience put anything else off on her.  It was not as though Ian were out of control either -- he managed Abbys finances with care (and Hannah had never doubted his trustworthiness on that count) and looked after Abby in his own way (which just happened to be a little more distant and a little less tolerating of her ways than Keelys method).
Their parents were still around (lived in the city even), but neither of them had ever expressed any interest in anything about Abby but the possibility of gaining access to some of her money.  They were not awful people.  Hannah knew good and well that they would have had plenty of evidence to try to force a hearing over Abbys fitness if they ever chose to do so.  (Some people were so caught up in their version of normal that they just could not fathom that there was not anything really wrong with Abby -- she was just Abby.)  They had, to the best of Hannahs knowledge, never tried to do that.  If they were not getting anything out of being around their niece, however, they were not going to bother to be around her.
Hannah clucked her tongue at one of the items pushed to the back of the makeup table and allowed a small smile to escape her at the sound of the door reopening behind her.
Whoops! Im dreadfully forgetful today, Hannah, Abby told her reappearing through the frame.  And its still so early.  I dont suppose that you may have seen my . . .
Hannah merely held a wand (a glittery, pink beribboned wand with a star topping the end) over her shoulder and allowed Abby to pull it out of her hand.  Here you are, miss.
Bless you, Hannah, Abby told her tucking the wand into the sash that ran around the waistline of her dress.  Well done!  She patted it once to make sure that it was staying in place, took a quick peek in the mirror over Hannahs shoulder to check on her tiara, and was out the door once again.
Hannah allowed a full blown smile to overtake her features as she gazed for a moment at the door through which she had disappeared.  She shook her head as one does over the antics of a much beloved child and let her thoughts come out aloud again.
If any one of them would stay long enough to understand . . ., she sighed and finished her straightening of the table before lifting the tray from its resting place on the chair.  She made her way to the door and disappeared into the hall pulling it closed behind her.

~~~~~

The Castle as the redesigned and much overhauled former warehouse on Seventh Street was nicknamed by those who worked there was not much in the way of being a castle based on its exterior appearance (although, in all fairness, it did not retain much in the way of its original appearance as a warehouse either).  The inside, it must be confessed, held a multitude of rooms that, likewise, did little to adhere to the nomenclature (with one notable and carefully constructed exception).
Formally (that is for legal and business and charitable fundraising purposes), it was known as A Safe Place as that was what Brenda McCullough had settled on when her long held goal of opening a community center for the children of the city in which she resided was realized.  Abby McCullough had been five at the time and at the start of a thorough (and it would turn out to be long lasting) fascination with fairy tales.  She had interpreted A Safe Place as castle, and the nickname had stuck throughout the ensuing years in the sometimes not entirely sensible way that childhood nicknames often do.
Keely McCullough (three years her cousins junior) had no recollection of a time when The Castle did not exist.  She could not remember a time when it was not at the center of her familys life.  By family in this instance, she meant her aunt, cousin, and brother.  In her world, family could be used as a reference to said members or used as a reference to refer to her parents.  The two definitions of the word very rarely combined in their usage.  She compartmentalized the word -- had done so as soon as she was old enough to realize that while they all got along and had no harsh words for each other about their choices, her parents and her aunts lives were very much separate (and no one involved was very inclined toward making any changes in that status).
The McCullough children had the rare (nowadays) distinction of being double cousins -- their fathers had been brothers; their mothers had been sisters.  Brenda Sloane and Peter McCullough had met via (an oft told and probably somewhat embellished for the childrens entertainment story involving) a taxi, an unexpected weather situation, and trying to catch a flight at the citys airport.  Their respective siblings had met in the course of the couples wedding preparations and had actually run off to elope while their newly married siblings were still on their honeymoon.
It was the stuff of bedtime story legend in the McCullough childrens younger days (back when Brenda McCullough had still been around to do the telling).  If Abby wanted to hear a mushy story about her parents and their meeting these days, then it was Keely who did the telling.
Keelys parents did not see Abby much -- they never really had.  Family dinners and holiday occasions were kept to with an adherence to tradition that they never seemed to question, but more personal interactions with their niece were left to their children.  That never seemed strange to Keely (even though she told herself upon occasion that it, perhaps, should have).  It was simply the way things had always been.  Even when her sister had still been alive (and lunch dates between the two women had been a twice weekly event), there had never been much interest in Abby from Keelys mother.  Keely was not certain whether her father had ever exchanged more than a casual greeting and a compliment that she looked very nice that day with her cousin in addition to the obligatory thank yous and you are welcomes that came with present exchanges.  It was not that her parents disliked Abby; they just did not care one way or the other.
Keely privately filed them in her head as self-involved, and they would not have disagreed with that assessment.  While never absent from Keelys and Ians lives, they had never been particularly involved either.  It was little wonder that they had little attention or interest to spare for their niece when they had had little enough in that line to offer their children through the course of their lives.  (Not that Keely would have complained about that fact.  When her parents did stir themselves to get involved, it usually resulted in a lecture of some sort in regards to something about one or the other of their children that they found disappointing or incomprehensible.)
Brenda McCullough, in contrast, had been a massive influence in the lives of her niece and nephew.  Keely and Ian had spent large segments of their childhood with their aunt (after school and weekends most often found them trailing after their relatives from one place to another).  Ian had been interning for his aunt in her offices by the time he was twelve.  Keely had been helping to manage the day to day business of her aunts more personal charities from a similar time frame.
Thus, for official record keeping purposes, Keely McCullough had been with A Safe Place first as a volunteer, then as an employee, and finally as the business manager for a total of twelve years.  Other people around the place often joked that Keely could run everything in her sleep -- there were some days that she felt like she had to do just that.  There were a lot of little details that needed seeing to on a day to day basis that were easily overlooked when one depended on volunteers (with varying and at times erratic schedules) for the bulk of ones workforce.
It was easier, at the moment, when she had dropped a few other things that she had been attempting to juggle simultaneously.  It was not that she had wanted to give them up; it was just more convenient that she do so.  The Castle came second on her priority list (right after looking after Abby), and she had needed to rearrange her life accordingly.  The center was in a bit of a staffing bind at the moment, and Keely felt it was her responsibility to make sure that everything continued to run as smoothly as possible until everything eased back into a more normal pattern.
It was not as though some sort of self-immolating sacrifice had been made (even if the way various other members of her family tended to carry on made it sound like it had).  She liked working at The Castle.  She had always liked working at The Castle.  She loved the children that she worked with while she was there.  She would, she could readily admit, be quite happy doing exactly what she was doing for the rest of her life.  She fit here.  She was useful here, and just walking into the building made her happy because she knew that she was doing something that meant something to so many people.  She just wished that she could get Ian to see that.
It was not that her brother meant to hurt her feelings (he probably thought that he was doing her a favor by voicing his displeasure).  He had not been happy with the rearrangement of her priorities.  He had not understood (and was quite vocal about that fact) why she had chosen to give up the things that she had in order to put their aunts charitable work first.  He was adamant that all of those projects had been Aunt Brens and not her own.   She could not, no matter what she tried, get him to understand differently.  It was like he had built some sort of strange internal block that filtered out all of the words she was using and replaced them with a vague humming sound that he could tune out and ignore.  In response, she had stopped trying.  She no longer offered him explanations or spelled out reasons or insisted to him that she was quite content.
When he got into a ranting mode these days (which had devolved into nearly every time that she spoke with him), she merely ignored him (which further meant that there was not much in the way of meaningful communication going on betwixt the McCullough siblings).
He did not care for it much (being rather unused to existing in a state of conflict with his little sister), but she (even though she would never say so to him) found it rather amusing to watch her normally carefully calm brother blow his top in indignation on her behalf.  Because, she had decided, the fact that he had himself convinced that she was somehow or another being cheated out of something was at the heart of all of his animosity about her current arrangements.  It was sweet (really it was) the way that he was trying to look out for her.  He was being the big brother he had always been -- trying to protect her and save her from things that might cause her hurt.  If only he would open his eyes and realize that there was nothing that she currently needed saving from, then it would make her life a lot less stressful.  She would not have chosen to be doing what she was doing if she had not wanted to do it.
The first rule of being a McCullough (and especially of being a McCullough/Sloane blend) was that you were stubborn -- intensely so.  This fact may have offered an explanation for both why Ian was so determined to not let her convince him that he had the wrong idea about things and why she was so unwilling to hear his reasons for why she should follow his advice.  If you added Abbys stubborn streak into the mix, well . . . things could get out of hand very quickly.  All of the preceding being why she had spent the last couple of months playing buffer between the two of them and trying not to escalate things further between Ian and herself.
It was not the first time that she had found herself in the peacekeeper (and smoother of hurt feelings) role, and it was very likely that it would not be the last.  That stubborn streak carried its own set of consequences and part of letting yourself indulge that aspect of your personality was to also make sure that you took responsibility for handling any of the damage (actual or potential) that might result from it (or, at least, that was how Keely had always looked at it).
At the moment, she had one half hour of downtime at her disposal (she was not nearly as over scheduled as her brother thought), and she was using it to practice her playing.  She used the vast majority of her spare time to practice her playing.  She called it practicing (and it was that at times), but it was mostly extemporaneous playing with a hefty amount of composition.  Everyone in the building knew that this was her off time of the morning, and they all were sweet enough to stay out of her way unless there was some sort of crisis to be handled (which was not an event that was without precedent given that a couple dozen children were wandering the halls at any given time).
She plugged in her headphones to the jack on the side of the somewhat battered keyboard that resided in the practice space.  It had seen a lot of use, but it still worked well (and Keely preferred to think of it as well loved as opposed to battered) so the option of replacing it with something newer and less worn had not been mentioned.  The Castle was well-funded, but her Aunt Brenda had abhorred wastefulness.  Keely ran the place under similar guiding principles.
Thus, the old keyboard stayed, and Keely coaxed music out of it that defied the listener to comment on the instruments age.  At present, however, there was no one to listen and be awed.  There was only Keely and her music cut off from the rest of the world.
On the other side of the building, the front door (which was the only entrance to the building that could be opened from the outside without a staff key) swung open to admit a newcomer into the space.  He proceeded directly to the question and answer/check in/whatever it needed to be at the moment desk that resided on the far side of the small lobby area the led into the buildings main hallway.
I need to see Abby, please, the man stated as he reached the front of the desk -- somehow making the demand remain polite despite the fact that there was no question that it was a demand.  The please was tacked on at the end less as though it had been an afterthought and more as if it were being spoken by someone who had been raised to believe that the sentence itself would be somehow incomplete without it (which he, in point of fact, had).  He had not offered his name.  There had been no need for him to do so; the revolving series of volunteers who worked the front desk at the center all knew the McCullough cousins by sight (even if Ians physical presence was as rare of an occurrence as Keelys or Abbys absence).
As it so happened, the person filling the space behind the desk at this particular time had been volunteering at the center for so long that she not only recognized the man in front of her by sight, she could also recall the days when he had been a regular visitor trailing after his aunt and discussing funding with all the aplomb of a seasoned adult and business man instead of the eager to learn teen he had been.
Abby isnt in yet, the woman told him -- nothing in her expression giving away the fact that she was busy studying his features and deciding that he had been a much better looking man with the smile in place that she recalled from his younger years.  He did not look much like he smiled often with the line that was embedding itself in the middle of his forehead, and he most definitely was not smiling as he listened to her answer.
Ill see Keely then, he told her sounding a little annoyed at the necessity of changing his plans but resigned to following through with his next option.  The woman behind the desk (otherwise known as Mary Clement) blinked at him in surprise.
Its just past nine, Mary told him forgetting for a moment that he was not a regular visitor and therefore not privy to the schedule on which everyone at The Castle was accustomed to operating.
Yes, it is, he agreed giving a quick glance at the watch that adorned his wrist to verify the fact.  And I know that Keely is here, he added.  Her car is out back.
Oh, of course, Keely is here, Mary told him tapping a stack of papers against the desk to straighten up the edges before tucking the whole pile into a file folder and placing it into a tray resting on the desks edge.  She smiled up at Ian and offered her explanation.  Its just that we all try not to disturb her during her break time.
Break time?  He questioned sounding disbelieving.  Its nine oclock.  What time, exactly, does my sister get here in the mornings?
Oh, she replied (either not sensing the bit of tension that had crept into his voice as he asked the question or choosing to ignore that it was there).  Keely is always here by five.  There really are a lot of little things that she clears out of the way before the day officially gets started.  She has to sign for the delivery trucks some days, and some days shes getting things going in the kitchen.  It varies.  Some of the children start arriving at six, you know, and she likes to have everything squared away before the early arrivals . . . well, arrive.  You know what I mean, she dismissed her awkward phrasing with a wave of her hand.  Keely always takes the early morning shift with the children, and she doesnt like to have to split her attention while she is with them.
Yes, he responded in a clipped sort of tone that seemed to indicate that he was agitated but did not want to take his agitation out on the messenger.  Im quite aware of how Keely likes to stay focused on whatever the task at hand may be.  His fingers that had ended up resting on the edge of the desk began to tap against it.  That makes her break time a perfect moment for me to stop in to speak with her.  I wont be interrupting her in the middle of anything.
Oh, but . . ., Mary seemed to change her mind about whatever it was that she was going to say mid statement.  Never mind.  Youll see.  Shell be in the music room.
The music room?  He requested as if he was not quite sure that he had heard her correctly and needed her to clarify the meaning of the words for him.  Mary thought he looked less frowny, and she was pleased to see it.
Yes, dear, she allowed herself to call him by the endearment with a small smile which she kept in place even though he did not offer a smile back to her in turn.  The music room, she repeated in much the same tone that she would have used if she had been replying by saying where else would she be?
Ian thanked her for the information and excused himself from her company before making his way into the hall behind her.
If anyone watched the middle child of the McCullough clan as he made his way through The Castle in search of his sister and compared his muttering as he strode (he was not walking, the proper term was definitely strode) through the building to his cousins running commentary through her morning routine, they might come away with the impression that talking to oneself (out loud) was a McCullough family trait.  (That impression would, by the way, not be an incorrect one.)  He was not loud -- the words were barely being uttered above a whisper.  Still, anyone passing closely enough would be able to make out the words swallowed whole, not going, and time to put a stop.  A few of the children in the process of transitioning from one activity to another did come that close.  They smiled and said hello (and he did pause in his self-chat long enough to echo the greetings even though he did not offer much in the way of smiling to go with it).  Those children, of course, would not have any idea what those mumbled words and snippets of sentences meant, so their overhearing mattered little.
He wound his way around the children traveling through the hallways and up a staircase.  He passed a variety of rooms -- some currently occupied and several empty -- that were normally devoted to a variety of purposes.  There were rooms with computers, rooms filled with tables, rooms with indoor play equipment, and a library that likely put the local elementary schools collection to shame.  There was even a room that took the centers nickname quite seriously and contained climbable turrets and a drawbridge that could be raised and lowered that was being scampered across by half a dozen children as he walked by its door.  He did not stop to take any of it in; he did not pay any attention to what he passed (only keeping his surroundings at the forefront of his attention enough to avoid running anybody over).
Ian McCullough entered the room that was his final destination with all the attendant behaviors and movements that one would expect to see accompanied by someone shouting Aha! as the door was opened.  He, however, did not engage in any shouting.  Instead, he stopped short as soon as he saw what his sister was doing (halted his forward progress so suddenly, in fact, that his upper body jerked forward a bit as his feet stopped moving with seemingly no warning).  He could not hear what she was playing, of course, as her headphones were plugged into the keyboard preventing any sound from escaping the closed loop that the cord created (her slight humming and occasional half spoken lyrics were the only things to be heard in conjunction with the slight click of her fingers tapping across the keys).
He could see, however, (anyone walking in could see) how lost in the moment she was with her eyes closed, a content smile spread across her features, and the music she was coaxing out of the keyboard looping into her ears.  Ian seemed to get caught up in the moment himself.  He took advantage of her lack of awareness of his presence to observe.  He did not move, he did not say anything, and he did nothing to alert her to his presence.  He just watched.  A fond smile drifted momentarily across his features before being replaced by an equally fleeting flash of something in his eyes that might have met the criteria for anger.
He left his observational post and began to cross the room with the same determined air that he had displayed throughout his journey across the rest of the building.  Something about his approach broke through the barrier that Keely seemed to have constructed between herself and the rest of the world.  It could have been some noise that made itself heard above the sound of her playing or the fact that someone was moving through what had been a previously empty space that drew her attention.  It could even have been the change in demeanor that her brother underwent when whatever it was that had occurred to him that shifted his emotions from calm, fond, and inclined to step back and take it all in to bordering on irate that seemed to shift the vibe of the room with it that tipped her off to the presence of her audience.   Her humming cut off, and her eyes snapped open.
Ian, she greeted sounding pleased (if a little surprised) as she removed her headphones and reached over to turn the keyboard off.  Her brother did not return her greeting.  (He, in fact, looked very much as though a greeting never even crossed his mind.)  Instead, he paused (looming over her as she neglected to rise in response to his entrance) and said something that was pretty much the antithesis of a greeting.
I used to love to listen to you play, he told her in a tone that sounded mostly regretful (and very much as though he were starting in the middle of an already ongoing conversation instead of beginning one that was new).  I used to listen to you practice for hours at a time.  He paused and looked at her, but she made no attempt to add a comment.  She was looking back at him with a curious expression and seemed to be inclined to do nothing more at the moment than to listen.  You were so gifted, he told her as the slightest touch of a smile (a wistful one, perhaps, but a smile nevertheless) fluttered across his features.  And more than that, you had such joy when you were playing.  He frowned as the next words left him, and his eyes dropped to the ground as if he could not manage eye contact at the moment.  I cant even stand to watch you anymore.  You just gave it all up like it was worthless -- like it wasnt a fundamental part of who you are.  Why?  He questioned (getting over whatever thought it was that had made his eyes drop in the first place and snapping them back up to meet her own).  So you can spend the rest of your life cleaning up after Abby?
I play every day, Ian, she told him sounding completely calm despite the accusatory theme and manner of the words that her brother had just finished directing at her.  I think you just saw that.
Its not the same, and you know that, he chided bristling a bit.
No, she replied still sounding calm but with an underlying current of something in her tone that might have been a warning that he was pushing his luck if he expected that to last much longer.  Brother of mine, I love you dearly, but you are the one who doesnt know what were talking about.  She gave him a small smile as if presenting a peace offering.  Must we revisit this conversation again?  I think weve already established that were at an impasse here.  Im happy with my life; it would be nice if you werent so determined to convince me that Im not.
Its not your life, Keel.  He told her trying to match her calm tone but not quite managing.  Its Aunt Brens.
Whats that supposed to mean?  The words could have been spoken in a variety of ways (harsh, demanding, or hurt) that would have fit and been appropriate for the conversation, but they were not.  The only detectable emotion behind them was curiosity.
I loved Aunt Bren, Ian replied jumping right in with the answer but sounding a bit as if he were reaching for the appropriate words as he spoke them.  She was wonderful and talented and she made the world a better place everywhere she turned.  He took a breath and watched his sister closely.  Thats what we always said, right?  He waited for her to nod in reply before he went on with his explanation, lecture, or whatever it was that it had morphed into at that point.
Except, we were kids.  We were kids who didnt know any better.  We didnt know any other way to be.  And we soaked it all up and locked ourselves into being what she wanted us to be without asking any questions.  He stated in a mad sort of rush as if his tongue were moving maybe a little faster than a rate with which his head could quite keep up.  It wasnt fair of her, Keely.  It wasnt fair for either of us for her to ask what she did.  I was, at least, almost an adult.  You were barely fifteen.  How were you supposed to understand what you were agreeing to do for her?
That, Keely told him sounding a little confused and strangely fascinated by his logic all at the same time.  Is the most twistedly hurtful slur on my ability to make decisions that I think I have ever heard.  She blinked (looking not at him but at the wall behind him).  And I dont think that I even know where to start trying to unravel that bizarre outlook on Aunt Bren that youve developed.
Im just saying, Ian offered (sounding less what he had earlier and more defensive than anything else), that we should remember that Aunt Bren had other options, and she chose not to use them.  She chose to get what she wanted out of a couple of kids that she knew would agree to anything she asked because they thought the world of her.  Is it really that far out of bounds to think that maybe she took a little bit of advantage of that?  Are you going to tell me that the thought has never even occurred to you?  He asked sounding frustrated with her lack of response even though he had not paused in his statement long enough for her to make one.  We cant live the rest of our lives thinking that promises we made before we were even fully grown up have to dictate the rest of our lives, he concluded.
You sound like our parents, she responded narrowing her eyes and studying him for a moment as if she were piecing together a whole series of loose ends inside her head into one long string of thought that could be followed to its conclusion.  Thats where this is coming from, isnt it?  Mom and Dad have been at you again.  She did not pause to give him time to respond any more than he had for her.  You know that she didnt have the right kind of other options, Ian.  You know that.  She stressed.  It wasnt her fault that we were still so young when the time came.  And theres a reason that she didnt give the responsibilities that she needed to hand out to our parents.  They arent this life kind of people.  It wouldnt have meant enough to them to make it work.  She knew us well enough to know where we would fit.  She knew what we were capable of doing.  She trusted us.  She trusted you.  The final sentence managed to be a reminder, an admonition, and a plea of sorts all in one.
Yeah, he began as if acceding to the accuracies in what she had said while still dismissing them as unimportant to his ultimate point.  And she never gave us the option of deciding whether or not we were this life kind of people either, did she?  She just expected it of us, and we let her.
If you arent happy with the way things are set up, Ian, then . . ., she didnt get to finish voicing the thought.
This isnt about me!  Ian hissed without allowing his volume to rise loudly enough to draw any attention from outside of the room.  This is about you.  He scrubbed his hands over his face in an agitated manner as if he were trying very hard to bite back something he wanted to say and replace it with something calmer.  And if you were about to offer to take over for me, then it just proves my point.  His voice turned pleading.  You cant do all of this, Keely.  You cant keep stepping in the breach to take on a new task every time a hole opens up.  Its swallowing your whole life.  Im worried about you.  He reached over and snagged her hand and squeezed it (but whether he did it to somehow try and soften his words to her or as a means of comforting himself is hard to say).  Our parents are worried about you.  Every time theres trouble finding a replacement for one of the boards -- you take over.  Every time theres a gap in the staffing or the volunteer schedule here -- youre the one who fills it.  You even take over running Abbys house when Hannah goes on vacation.  Where does it end, Keel?  He asked as his voice turned from pleading back to agitated.  When youre so swallowed up in Abbys world that there isnt a you anymore?
It isnt like that, she offered squeezing his hand back before dropping it and crossing her arms in front of her as she stood.  A few months ago you would have been right about the overextension, she admitted with a small shrug of her shoulders, but Ive made adjustments.  Im not walking around exhausted and in need of an intervention anymore.  She tried a smile at the end, but Ian did not return it.
And everything you gave up?  He prompted filling in the answer that he wanted when she did not give it.  They were all things that were important to you in favor of things that were important to Abby.
I dont get why you think theyre mutually exclusive, she crossed her arms a little more tightly and frowned at her brother while making a small huffing sound as if she were nearly at the end of her patience with both him and the conversation.  Most of the things that are important to Abby are important to me.  And half the things that Im doing extra are temporary.  She insisted.  Eventually, theyll be someone elses to do.  Ill be able to fit other things back in that Im putting on the backburner for now.  Backburner, Ian, not forgotten or given up completely or whatever it is that you seem to think that Im doing.  She gave him a look that could not be classed as anything other than a glare.  Dont try to tell me that you dont prioritize in your life, because we both know that you do.
They . . ., he started, but he was not allowed to finish voicing his thought.
Dont you dare try to tell me that they arent my priorities, her arms unfolded as she pointed an accusing finger in his direction.  You cant read my mind, Ian.  I wouldnt put them first if they werent.  She lowered her arm and took a breath before continuing in a slightly less harsh tone.  Now, why dont you tell me what your problem is with Abby today?  And why you want everybody to abandon her.
I dont want anyone to abandon Abby.  He threw his hands up in the air as if he could not believe that she was being so unreasonable.
Thats not what it sounds like.  She challenged folding her arms across her chest again and tapping her foot impatiently without seeming to realize that that was what she was doing.
Look, Ian closed his eyes as if trying to find some sort of script behind his eyelids that he could follow to bring the conversation back around to where he wanted it to be.  Abby is family; I love her.  I have things that I do for her that Ill continue to do because I can fit them in without completely dismantling my life, but Im not taking on extra.  And youre my sister.  Looking out for you comes first -- even over Abby.  And right now Abby is a roadblock for you.  Tell me why youre having to fill in for such a long time for a series of things that should have been easy to fill positions.
Thats not fair, she told him obviously knowing where it was that he was going.  Its not her fault.
Thats debatable, he countered, but thats my point.  You cant find reliable people -- people who arent you -- to do this stuff because so many people are uncomfortable working with Abby.
I cant help that.
You could say no, he suggested.  She raised an eyebrow in response -- a gesture that apparently meant something to him.  He rolled his eyes at her.  Fine, you could stop making it okay for Abby to drive other people off.
You want me to convince Abby to stop being Abby?  She accused.
No, he barked at her.  I want you to help me make Abby understand that she has got to learn when to hold her tongue.
Like I said, Keely replied with a small attempt at a laugh.  You want me to convince Abby to stop being Abby.  She shook her head at him with what could only be construed as disappointment.  Thats not going to happen.
Because you let her do whatever she wants, he argued.  You let her do whatever she wants and then you clean up all the messes that it causes so that she never has to deal with the fallout -- just like Aunt Bren did.
Look around you, Ian.  Keely admonished.  This is hers.  The charities, the business -- its all Abbys.  Why shouldnt she be able to do what she wants with it just the same as you or I or Mom or Dad or anybody else would if it were ours or theirs?
Because shes . . ., he trailed off without finishing.
Different?  Keely suggested for him.  Doesnt think about things the way the rest of us do?  She offered.  She still looked disappointed as she shook her head at her brother.  You want to punish her for not thinking about things the same way the rest of us do.  You want to punish her for not being you.
I dont want to punish her for anything, he insisted.  I just want her to stop sucking the life out of you.
Do I look unhappy to you, Ian?  Do you think Im so weak minded that I wouldnt be able to say no or walk away or assert myself if it was necessary?
No, he shook his head in disagreement with the picture of his thought process that she was painting.  I think youre in so deep that you cant even see what youre doing to yourself.  I think youre so caught up in the big picture that you miss all of the little details.
 And I think youve got some other bee in your bonnet thats making you overly obsessive about this.  She challenged.  Care to share?
Fine then, he stated with the air of one who was offering some sort of great concession.  Lets talk about Clay Craig.
What about him?  Keely asked carefully sounding a little bit startled that Ian was bringing up the name (but looking slightly pleased that he was bringing it up at the same time).
Hes been hovering around Abby, hasnt he?
Lots of people hover around Abby.  She countered with what might have been a teasing glint to her smile.  She is very hoverable.  Just ask the children.  Shes just not very work-for-able.  She tacked on at the end with a small shrug as if she were offering Ian an amicable out to the way their conversation was continuing without any real progress in either direction.
Keely, he began obviously not inclined to take the out that she had offered.  I need you to stop acting like Abby has infected you and be serious for two minutes together.
Dont . . ., she chided, but he didnt seem to be inclined to listen.
You know I love Abby.  He sounded tired.  I know you love Abby.  Lets not act like thats in question.  He tipped his sisters chin up with his finger so that she had to make eye contact with him.  It doesnt matter how much we love Abby, Keel.  What matters is that we both know that no matter how much we love her it doesnt change the fact that Abby and decision making dont necessarily go well together.
Theyre still her decisions to make, Ian.  She returned taking a step back from him with a sigh as if she just could not come up with any more words to make her point when he seemed so disinclined to hear what she was trying to say.  He looked similarly frustrated with his apparent lack of ability to make his point understood.  I dont jump in and stop you from making bad decisions every time youre contemplating one.  I let you make them yourself and live with the consequences.
True, he conceded.  But you also let me know ahead of time that what Im contemplating is a bad decision.  He took a step back as well, so that the space between them opened up a little further.  Thats what Im asking for here.  Im just asking you to do the same thing for Abby that you do for me.  Be her sounding board.  Be her stop sign.  Let her know that she is hovering on the edge of a colossally bad choice.  Youre in the middle of Abbys world in a way that Im just not, Keel.  I need you to exert some Abby influence and make sure that Clay Craig gets sent packing.
Abby doesnt work like that, she clucked her tongue at him.  You know that.  And what do you mean you arent in the middle of Abbys world?
Well, he huffed completely ignoring her final question.  Were going to have to think of something because that smarmy jerk is buttering her up and indulging her just like you do.  Hes fitting in to all of her little fairy tale fantasies, and its going to end badly.
What, exactly, Keely asked him, is it that you think is going to happen?
I think hes going to marry her.  He looked at her as if expecting her to protest or give some sort of exclamation of surprise.  She did neither.  She looked at him consideringly before settling on a challenging look.
And if thats what Abby decides that she wants?
Keely! He exclaimed.  I know that you dont want to step on Abbys toes.  I know you have this grand picture in your head of her living a life where she gets to make all her own decisions, but it cant be like that -- not on this.  He was adamant.  Shes only gotten along as well as she has for so long because she has all of us covering for her.  What would happen to Abby if Hannah wasnt running the house?  He demanded.  Or you werent running this place?  Or I wasnt handling the finances?  Have you ever thought about that?  He paused and looked at her in an almost accusing manner.  She just studied him right back.  It would all come to pieces, and this thin veneer that Abby is really okay that we present to the rest of the world?  It would shatter.  And where does Abby end up then?  He leaned toward her and lowered his voice (even went so far as to look over his shoulder to make sure that no one was within sight).  And dont turn this around on me.  Dont make it seem like Im the one thinking that theres something wrong with her.  Because I dont think that is where she should end up, but I wont be the one making that decision.  You wont be either.  It will be some outside influence that gets her declared incompetent because someone has figured out that thats the way to get hold of all that money.
Were her next of kin.  Keely reminded him.
Unless shes married.  He volleyed back.
And you think thats why Clay has been around so much?  She sounded curious.
Are you honestly telling me that the thought has never occurred to you?  He sounded disbelieving.
No, she told him.  Ive had Clay pegged from pretty much the first day that he followed Abby through those doors.
Then, what are we arguing for?  Ian demanded once again throwing his hands up into the air in frustration.
Because you think Abby would fall for it?  She returned sounding as if that was plenty of reason for them to be arguing in her opinion.
Keely, he tried.  Abby likes attention.  You know that.  Shes unpredictable.  If he says the right thing and fits himself into the fantasy enough, then . . ., she held up a hand.  He cut off his statement and let her speak.
Abby isnt unpredictable, she disagreed.  You just havent been paying attention.  Youre a good big brother, Ian, and youre a good cousin.  I know that youre trying to take care of us, but listen to me when I tell you that Clay Craig is not going to be a problem.  She sounded assured, but Ian did not appear to be swayed by either her tone or her words.  He did not appear to see any reason for her sense of conviction, and he told her so.
You cant know that.  He got a momentary far off look in his eyes as if something had just occurred to him.  Maybe we should convince her to move away for a short while.  Get her out of his sight.
Abby wont leave this place, Ian.  And she shouldnt, she added a little more intensely.  I told you he isnt going to be a problem.  Let Abby make her own choices.  Apparently, youre going to be surprised by how they turn out.  Her tone made the jump from lecturing to a hint of threat.  And dont you dare mention leaving in front of Abby.  She needs this place, and it needs her.
Anyone can play with the children, Keely.
No, Ian, not anyone can play with the children.  And shes not just playing with the children.  Her voice shifted again (this time from annoyed to a hint of pleading).  She makes this place special.  Shes its heart.  And without its heart, its just another place in a long string of places that are just places for these kids to be.  They need more than that.
And youre telling me it comes from Abby.  He sounded dismissive.
Yes, she declared sounding exasperated with his denseness.  They need dreams and hope and joy.  Cant you understand that?  Abby tints everything she touches with joy.  And they need that.  They need to believe that there is something for them that is bigger than what they can see from their lives right now.  They need Abbys way of looking at things -- the way that she pushes them out of the boxes that the rest of the world tries to keep them in.
Ian stood silently staring at his sister as she caught her breath after the lack of pauses that she had taken as she made her declaration.  He took a step toward her with a hand out and his mouth open as if he were about to speak when a figure in a pink ball gown bounced through the door and put an end to whatever type of moment the siblings were about to have.
Ian, Abby gushed as she noticed him standing there.  She rushed up to him and placed a kiss on each of his cheeks while resting her hands on his shoulders.  After she pulled back, she peered at him for a long moment before shaking her head and offering a small frown over her shoulder in Keelys direction.  
Uh-oh, she singsonged.  I recognize that face.  Sir Grumpy has absconded with our Ian again, Keely.  You poor dear, has he disrupted your whole visit?   Tsk, tsk.  I already had our Hannah pass the message that I hadnt time for him today.
Good morning, Abby, Keely told her snapping out of the combination disappointed and hopeful look that she had been leveling at her brother.  Im sure he got the message.  Thats why he decided to make an appearance in person.
I cant think why, she responded.  Doesnt he know that Ill recognize him?  Sir Grumpy cant pretend to be our Ian.  Hes no good at it.
Ian was giving Keely a pointed look behind their cousins back in combination with a series of gestures that clearly conveyed the concept of See, what have I been telling you?  This is exactly what I meant.  Keely, if she saw (which given the proximity would have been difficult not to), gave no indication of it.  She exchanged words with Abby about plans for the day and a bit of back and forth over the weather all while Ian stood in the background clearly becoming more disgruntled by his exclusion with every passing moment.
I must dash, Abby concluded after delivering a small dissertation to Keely about how pretty the sky had been when she woke.  Its tokens of our appreciation day, she announced holding up a money pouch from the bank.  I must see to securing it before Im off to see my subjects.
Abby?  The word from Ian came out soft and carefully leveled.  It made both women start a bit as they looked at him -- Abby in confusion and Keely with suspicion.  Is that cash?  He asked her as Keely shook her head at him as if to try to get him to drop it.  He paid as little attention to her as she had been paying to him.
Its tokens of our appreciation day, Abby repeated.  Tokens, she said lifting the pouch in illustration.  Appreciation, she stated making a sweeping gesture with her arm as if she were throwing candy at a parade (or coins at a gathered crowd).
Abby, Ian started again keeping his voice calm (when it was quite clear that he was bristling and really would have preferred to have been yelling).  Keely looked appreciative over that even while she displayed a disapproving air over his choice of provoking the altercation in the first place.  She, however, did not intercede between the two of them.  She let Abby handle it herself.  Weve talked about this.  You cant just carry around cash -- not like that.  There are too many things that can happen.  What happened to the checkbook that I got you?  He leveled a questioning look at Keely.  What happened to the payroll software?  It prints up the checks for you.
Keely answered (possibly only because he directly involved her).  Abby prefers that we not use checks for payroll, she told him with a shrug of her shoulders that strongly suggested that she saw no rational reason to dispute the point further.
Indeed, Abby declared in affirmation.  Tokens, she reiterated.  Its tokens of our appreciation day -- not heres a piece of paper with scribbling on it day.  She gave Ian an innocent look that was belied by the mischievous glint that was sparkling in her eyes.
The checks . . ., Keely took pity on him and interceded.
Abby, she chided, Up front and honest if you please.
Abby sighed and rolled not only her eyes but her entire head in reaction.  But Sir Grumpy is so boring, Keely, she protested.  If hes going to follow me, how else do I make it fun?
Keely just waited her out.  Abby huffed for a moment before turning to Ian with her cheerful demeanor and smile returning.  I dont like them.  I like the cash.  She announced with finality.  She waved a hand at him.  You have imposed yourself on enough of my time.  The matter is at an end.  She turned her back on him while he sputtered with what appeared to be a mixture of indignation and shock.
Abby McCullough!  Was the first clearly heard string of words that could be made out over the mumbling effect of the tongue tying that he seemed to be suffering from after Abbys dismissal.
Abby didnt even bother to look at him; she directed her attention to Keely instead.  Ill stop at the treasury on my way to my first audience of the morning.  Keely nodded her acknowledgment.
Abby you cant keep ignoring me, Ian protested.  We need to talk about this, preferably right now.  You cant just keep going on pretending that . . .
Keely, darling, you know where to find me if Ian manages to fight off the interloper and reemerge, dont you?
Abby flounced out of the room (money pouch in hand) without a backwards glance while Ian stood quietly seething in the wake of her dismissal.  Keely still stood to the side with a fist scrunched up in front of her mouth as if to keep any sound from escaping (the subtle shake of her shoulders indicated that the sound she was trying to keep in was likely laughter).
I didnt say a word, she answered (dropping her hand from her mouth and managing to only allow a small squeaking sound to escape instead of the laughter that was still evidencing itself in her shoulders) the look that Ian was leveling at her. 
You dont help, he accused hands waving frantically.  You enable her.  You enable this.  It isnt funny, he insisted glaring at the woman in front of him whose shoulders were still (less so, but still) shaking with the strain of the suppressed laughter.  Its going to come back to bite you.
She only picks at you because she knows that youre wound way too tightly, Keely told him (the evidence of her laughter finally stopping completely).  She knows when you arent in the proper frame of mind to actually listen to what shes saying to you, so she doesnt bother trying to deal with you.  Its really quite sensible if you stop to consider it.  She doesnt waste her time on fruitless endeavors.  She knows when she would be wasting her time, and she doesnt do it.  She tells you what you need to know without bothering to go out of her way to put it into what you would consider palatable terms.  She paused and looked at him with an expression that screamed challenge.  Why dont you think about that?
Ian looked as if his carefully held calm while talking to Abby could not be held any longer.  He looked as though his temper was at its breaking point, and he was stalking toward the door rather than staying and letting it explode in his sisters presence.  He paused once he reached the doorway and tried twice to start his sentence before finally getting out words that were accusing.
Why dont you think long and hard about what happens to you and your precious childrens center when Clay Craig cuts off all the funding and shuts it down?  Then, he was gone.

~~~~~

On any given summer day, there were between twenty and forty elementary school age children roaming the halls of A Safe Place.  There were a smattering of adults supervising different activities or completing various tasks (and a couple of full time, paid employees to look after the additional dozen or so preschoolers), but the center did not make any type of scheduling demands on the older children within its walls.  There were no assigned times with places to be, there were no requirements that one activity be completed quickly so that the next one could be begun.  That was not the style of environment that Brenda McCullough had envisioned, and her wishes had been kept in mind even after she was no longer present to voice them.
There were certain time limited items that occurred during the day, but they were always presented as a range rather than a rigid expectation.  For example, an afternoon snack was available from the kitchen from 2:30 to 4.  Each child could decide when (and if) they wanted to go and get it at their own discretion.  If they decided that they wanted a snack at 4:15, the option would no longer be available. They were given a lot of freedom at the center, but that freedom came with a hefty dose of being responsible for ones own decisions.
Thus, children in small groups, pairs, or singles moved from room to room (or activity to activity within a given room) as they saw fit.  The rules were simple.  If you made a mess, you cleaned it up.  If you got something out, you put it away.  If you had a problem with someone else that could not be settled with words, you went to get one of the adults (who were probably hovering about somewhere nearer than you realized).  It may have made for a somewhat chaotic system, but it worked for the place that the center was.  Various short lasting volunteers had muttered (and, at times, vocalized quite loudly) about the dangers of unattended children and property damage and insurance premiums and potential fire hazards.  The old guard volunteers, board members, and staff who still had Brendas vision in their heads nodded amicably and agreed that those were all very important points to consider, but they continued on with the way things had always been handled.
The only one of those arguments that had ever been taken very seriously was the one regarding fire hazards.  The check-in desk had been turned into a command post of sorts with a video feed of the premises available for perusal.  In addition, every member of the staff carried a radio for ease of communication.  Every childs first visit involved an in depth tour, and all of the fire exits were marked in glaringly impossible to ignore fashions.
Given that the children made their own scheduling choices, it might be surprising to learn that there was a sort of unspoken understanding between everyone in the building that it would be easy (at nearly any given time) to locate the majority of the children in the building.  The largest crowd could always be found in the vicinity of Abby.
To say that she held court would not be just employing a turn of phrase or playing along with Abbys declaration of the state of the circumstances.  It was actually a fairly good description of what the majority of Abbys time at the center entailed.  She listened to problems, issued judgments, and led the children in games, songs, and occasional dance numbers.  The children basked in her presence like sunflowers soaking up the light.  It was, as Keely often declared it, a wonderful sight to be seen if one could just stand back unobserved and take in the beauty of the interaction.  The children made a game of being the first to spot Abby when she entered the building, and a loud cry of Princess Sequoyah! marked the winner.
Why it was Princess Sequoyah was something that even Keely was not sure about, but the name had survived at least one set of children outgrowing the centers services (and a fair few returning as young adults to volunteer some of their time in the place that had been special to their growing up years).  Abby never objected, so everyone just went along with it -- ensuring that the title of Princess had stuck.  She certainly dressed the part quite impressively.  If any of the parents ever wondered why it was that their daughters had learned to be graceful while curtsying, they had never asked any member of the staff.  It may be that a proper occasion for their offspring to demonstrate the acquisition of such skills had never arisen in their presence.
On this particular day, the largest set of children could be found (with Abby) in a room that was considered the indoor gym of sorts.  What it was was a large open space where running and group games could be played indoors without anyone having to worry about knocking into anything or being so closely packed that more time was spent worrying about running into someone else than on actually playing.
The children were engaged in perfecting a somewhat goofy dance number (likely created by Abby on the spot a few minutes earlier).  They were giggling and chattering as the CD player provided the background music that struggled to be heard over the sounds of their enjoyment.  Whatever the purpose of this particular dance, it was obviously not to be tied down to any single song.  Each new offering from the player was received with a readjustment of rhythm on the part of the children (with very little direction from Abby which would correctly imply that this was a game that they had often played before).  The variety of musical selections seemed to have been purposefully chosen to provide a great contrast from slow, almost operatic numbers to ones that were so upbeat that some of the children ended with their limbs in hopeless tangles from trying to keep up with them.
Whether they were performing their moves with exaggerated slowness, executing them perfectly in time, or ending in a giggling mess collapsed on the floor, they were all having a very good time -- and that, as the staff at the center would tell you, was the point.  One last song increased in speed with each repetition of the chorus until everyone (including Abby) had dropped out and was sitting or lying on the floor panting to catch their breath.
They only nonparticipant in the event present was a man with a broom in the hallway who had paused to watch the tail end of the performance.  He leaned against the broom itself and took in the scene of the laughing, happily worn out children with a soft smile on his face.  It should be pointed out, however, that while he seemed amused enough by the children and their antics, the bulk of his smiles were directed at Abby whenever he let his eyes wander in her direction.  He seemed to be trying not to -- almost as if he were waging a bit of an internal battle of convincing himself that he had only stopped in his work to take in the moment of fun going on in the room in front of him when he really knew that the reason he had actually stopped was to take the chance of observing Abby.
His look was pleased (and it could be surmised a bit enamored), but it was also a bit shy (as if this glancing in at her little world was an indulgence he was not certain if he should let himself have).  The fascination seemed to win out over the doubt, however, as he continued to stay in the same spot with his eyes more often than not trained in her direction.
The children were beginning to catch their breath (and the giggles were subsiding).  Abby rose to her feet and struck a graceful stance as she pulled the wand she had earlier nearly forgotten at home from its place still tucked into the sash of her dress and twirled it between the fingers of one hand as she looked out over the gathered children with a thoughtful expression.  All noise ceased as the children sank into a state of expectation.
Now, she told them.  It would seem it is time for a new activity to be chosen.  Where will I be going next?  She pondered out loud.  Royal Adviser . . ., she drew out the moment before leveling her wand so that the tip of the star pointed at a girl with dark pigtails near the back of the group.  Cori.  She finished as the little girl smiled up at her in delight.  What is next on Princess Sequoyahs agenda for the day?
The dress up room, the little girl announced after a moment of thought.  Abby nodded her head with all the air of a royal granting a petition (which, with Abby, was not all that far off the mark).
I suggest, she stated sounding very much as though she were issuing a decree, that everyone, whether they are continuing on to the dress up room or not, stop by the kitchen for a drink on their way.
Nodded heads and mumbled assents filled the room as a couple of the children scurried off (one can presume to do just that).  The man in the doorway scooted over to let them pass and started to continue on down the hallway with his sweeping, but Abbys voice called him to a halt.
Rusty?  She questioned, and he turned to sort of look at her while keeping his head ducked down as if he were afraid to meet her eyes.
Yes, maam?  He replied.
One of the lights is burnt out, she told him directing her wand toward a corner of the room.  Do you see there in the back?
He looked up and followed the line her wand was drawing.  I see it, he told her.
You will take care of it for us?  She prompted offering him a smile.
Of course, he told her managing one small look up with a smile of his own before ducking his head back down again.
Good man, she said looking pleased.  You take very good care of us.  She looked around at the children still lingering in the room.  What do we tell Mr. Rusty?  She inquired.
Thank you, the children chorused in response.
Youre welcome, he replied with a bit of a blush at the acknowledgment.  He seemed to have no problem making eye contact with and smiling for the children, and he did so as a few more of them filed out.  He turned his head back in Abbys direction (even if he could not quite manage to look directly at her).  Ill get right on it.  He assured her.
No worries, Abby replied with a small wave of her hand.  Its hardly a crisis.  I'm sure youll get to it when it is time for it to be gotten to.  We know that youre very busy.
Im here now anyway, he replied with a shrug of his shoulders.  He ruffled the hair of one of the children that walked by him to leave the room as he went by and the child grinned up at him while putting on a show of rolling his eyes and saying a long, drawn out, and semi-exasperated Rusty indicative of this being a long standing behavior between the two of them.
Abby practically beamed at him as he exchanged a few words with the boy as he turned to make his own way out of the room, but Rusty did not notice.  He was too focused on what the child was saying (and too shy of attention from Abby) to see.
Abby tucked her wand back into her sash and raised an eyebrow at the few remaining scattered children (most had made their exits while Abby and Rusty talked building maintenance) still lolling about on the floor.  I thought we were all going to get drinks, she reminded before not so subtly prompting further.  Or had we decided that we were all going to end up making trips to the first aide station today?
Another man entered the room just as Rusty reached the doorway.  He brushed by Rusty without an acknowledgment and moved through the children without any greetings or smiles (in fact, Rusty had to steer the little boy with whom he was conversing to the side so that the newcomer would not run him over as he made straight for Abby).
Darling!  He declared as if he had reached the end of some sort of an arduous quest.  I have been looking everywhere for you.  Where have you been keeping yourself?  He finished his trip across the room to Abbys side (with a couple of children narrowly preventing themselves from being trampled on by his single minded progress) and snatched up her hand before placing a kiss on the back of it.  He neglected to let go after he had finished.
Well, Abby told him tilting her head to the side as if to better help her memory to find the answer.  There was the treasure . . .
Yes, yes, the man interrupted.  I want to hear all about it, but you must let me take you to lunch.  He gave her hand a squeeze while Abby let her gaze drift to Rusty who had once again paused in the doorway.  This time he did not look enamored or shy (although he still would not look at her when she was looking at him); he looked a bit annoyed and a lot defeated, but he said nothing.  He guided the little boy (who was absolutely glaring daggers at the other man by Abbys side) through the doorway and disappeared.  Abby heaved a small sigh, but she returned her attention to the man who still retained possession of her hand.
Clay, it was awfully kind of you to think of me, she began.
Then, its settled, he declared keeping her hand trapped as he patted it.  Ill make a call and Gregoire will have a table for us by eleven.
Clay, the children, Abby told him as if she believed she was reminding him of something that he had forgotten.
Its only lunch, dearest, he told her pouting a bit for her benefit.  Surely the children can do without you for a bit.  Im sure Keely can keep an eye on things.  He used his hold on her hand to tuck her arm under his own.  Besides, I hardly ever see you, and youre so dedicated to the children.  You never look after yourself.  Let me spoil you just this once.  He looked at her with a hopeful expression as he tried to steer her in the direction of the door.  She dug in her heels (as literally as possible given the composition of the floor) and refused to move forward.  She frowned at him, but did not say anything.
Will it make you very unhappy to leave?  Clay asked her when he saw that she did not seem inclined to give in to his persuasion.  Well, he told her with an overly large sigh.  Whatever my princess wants, my princess gets.  I cant bear to say no to you.  He dropped her arm and shook his head at her.  Youve got me all wrapped up around that little finger of yours.  It is positively wicked the way you use that to get me to do what you want.  He shook his finger at her in a slow, teasing fashion before tapping at his chin as if he were deep in thought.  How about I arrange a little picnic?  He suggested with a winning smile.  We can have it here, but you must promise me that I get you all to myself for the duration.  Are we agreed?  He waited for some sign of acknowledgment from her.  She still did not say anything, but she did give him a small smile and one of her royal head inclines.
Theres my favorite smile, he responded tapping his finger against the tip of her nose.  You run along now and do all those things you do best.  Ill take care of all the details.  Ill be here missing you the whole time you are showering your attention on those lucky little ones, and Ill be madly jealous.  He finished off with a hand clasped over his heart and a wiggle of his eyebrows.  Abby giggled, and he made a shooing motion with his hands.  Hurry up, he teased, before I change my mind about being able to bear to part with you.  Ill be forced to resort to kidnapping.
Abby made her way out of the room (from whence all of the children had already disappeared).  There were very few things that made the crowd of children around Abby completely disperse -- the appearance of Clay Craig in her vicinity was one of them.
The man had begun showing up unexpectedly at the center and circling Abby about eight weeks previous.  Keely (who generally accompanied her cousin to social obligations) would be able to provide a detailed list (should anyone ever inquire after such a thing in a manner that caused her to be inclined to comply) of when and where the man had shown up and fluttered around Abby.  Although the man had been around often, he had not been so in a volunteer capacity.  He showed up, showered compliments on the object of his attention, and (more often than not) tried to convince her to leave to attend some event with him.  That particular endeavor was very seldom successful.  Any one of the regular staff could have told you it took a lot more than a simple invitation to get Abby to leave the children during her regular daily audience time.  Clay Craig had managed to convince her to go exactly one time in two months.
Some people would have seen that as a losing battle and repurposed or ceded the field accordingly.  Clay seemed to be operating under the impression that he was wearing her down with nothing except her failure to banish him from her presence and his own confidence in his ability to charm her available for the support of that theory.  Abby confided nothing of her thoughts on the matter -- not even to her cousin.
At present, Clay was leveling a long, calculating look in the general direction of the doorway through which Abby had traveled.  His eyes suddenly lit up as if a thought or idea had just occurred to him, and a smile (that left one feeling as if they were witnessing something just a little disturbing, but still seemed a completely natural look to be falling across Clays features) spread over his face.  He pulled a cell phone from a case attached to his belt loop and flipped it open with a pleased flourish.  After dialing a number, he began to pace back and forth until someone answered his call.  His pacing took him through a side doorway as the words yes, Ill be needing were spoken.
As he exited, Rusty reappeared through the hallway door carefully guiding a step ladder through the opening and setting it up under the burnt out light that Abby had pointed out to him.  He got to work with the business of changing out the bulb, but the earlier basically contented air that he had had about him as he originally appeared in the doorway as he swept the hall had disappeared.  He looked different -- as if another emotion had taken up residence and was burning out everything else in its path.  He was not even smiling (and he had the face of one of those who habitually smiles as his default expression).  It was hard to place just what it was he was feeling from the combination of his expression and rather slumped in on himself posture taken together with the somewhat stilted way in which he was moving (and the likely a little harder than necessary manner in which he had put the step ladder against the ground).
Frustrated seemed like a good possibility, but whom it was that he was frustrated with was a little more difficult to tell.  There was a trace of sadness there in his demeanor and maybe a touch of wistfulness.  There was something else as well that could have been anger or could have been a sort of indignation with the proceedings in general.  Whatever it was, it dated itself from the moment that Clay Craig had swept up to Abby and claimed her attention.  The ensuing time while Rusty had been away from the both of them to fetch his supplies had (apparently) done very little to counter his initial reaction.
Rusty had peered around the room a bit as he got everything settled and once he had been assured that he was, in fact, alone, he had starting performing his task with perhaps a little more in the way of bustling than was strictly necessary.  There are a great many people that channel some of their feelings (be they positive or negative) into making a little larger than necessary or more forceful than necessary motions as they go about completing regular tasks.  Think of people who add little hops or twirls to their steps when they are sweeping the floor when they are particularly pleased or excited about something, people who make sure that the dishes they are placing on a table come down hard enough to rattle when they are annoyed or upset, or people who wave their arms around when they are in the midst of an argument.
Rusty, it might be surmised from his actions in changing out the light, was one of those types of people.  The step ladder meeting the floor already having been mentioned -- we will also note the somewhat vicious twist the old light was given to remove it from place, the rather loud smack he gave the new one with his hand to pop it into alignment, and the overly zealous manner in which he wiped at his hands with the rag from his coverall pocket when he had finished the series of steps.
To add to all of those behavioral cues that he was giving off, we can include the fact that Rusty was not engaging in silence as he went about his task.  He was not particularly loud -- someone passing by in the hallway would likely not be able to discern the words coming out of his mouth (as the door to the hall had been shut or possibly slammed slightly on his last trip through it).  Someone who was closer (and without a closed door helping to block out the sound between them) would be able to figure out the gist of what he was saying as some words were a little clearer than the others due to the extra oomph he gave them or emphasis that he placed on them.
The subject of his ranting (as one might have guessed rather easily given the lead up and circumstances to which one has already been privy) was Abby -- or, more specifically, it was Abby and how wonderful she was with a few slights thrown at Clay for his general unworthiness tacked on for what might commonly be phrased as good measure (but in Rustys case likely leaned more toward for the purpose of getting rid of some of the below the surface simmering he had going on before his physical displays of it ended with the light in his hands being cracked into two distinct pieces).
It sounded a little something like this.
Shes way too special.  Shes way too good.  Likes of him.  He shouldnt be around.  Doesnt even get it.  He doesnt even listen.  To her.  Anyone can see he tunes her out.  I may not always understand exactly what she said, but, at least, I know its worth listening to.  And if I can figure that out . . .
A sort of squeaking squeal as the burnt out light was wrenched out of place hid the next few of his words, and his voice dropped a couple of volume levels following it.
Children understand better than he does.  They know shes special.  Theyre a lot smarter than him.  Hes . . . smarmy . . . no good . . . plotting . . . somebody ought . . .
The slam of the new light into place actually echoed a bit in the open space, and Rusty looked at his hand that still rested against it as if he had not realized that he was making that kind of noise.  He sighed as he fitted the cover back into place and looked over his shoulder once as if to make sure that he had not drawn any attention and the door behind him was still shutting him off from anyone else in the building.
Miss Abby . . . better . . ., his ranting continued a little more muffled and a little less forcefully.  Dont know what . . . sees . . . cant be all that . . . trouble . . . Keely thinking . . . letting . . ., he finished off the wiping down of his hands and folded up the ladder with a click.  He shook his head and lifted it up and went silent as he made his way toward the door.  He still was not smiling.  Whatever the venting might have accomplished for him, returning him to a good humor was not on the list.
As he left, Clay stepped back in from the doorway he had walked through at the start of his phone call.  The phone was snapped shut in his hand, and the look that he was leveling in the direction that Rusty had gone made it very clear that he had, in fact, been eavesdropping on the other mans moment of privacy.  He had heard enough, anyway, that his speculative look gave way to a bit of a chuckle (which while not delving into the caricature of evil, villainous laughter did very little by way of making an observer think pleasant thoughts about the one doing the laughing).
Isnt that just sweet?  Clay told the empty room as he shook his head with amusement.  Someone has a little crush.  Idiot, he declared.  Theres something special about her alright -- its called a bank account.  And he certainly wont be the one getting his grubby hands on it.  Listening, he scoffed.  Ill do that when I want to know what its like to be crazy -- which will be never.
Poor sap, he continued to monologue not bothering to look the least bit concerned about the fact that he was spewing a sea of negativity where it was quite possible that someone might enter and overhear.  I could almost feel bad for the guy, he shook his head again, but this time it was in dismissal.  Nah, no reason for that.  He can nurse his little tendre for Abby all he likes.  Its not as though it matters one way or the other.  Our little princess is all mine.  I mean, I am me, he practically snorted.  Ive got charm; Ive got looks.  Shes too batty for anyone to ever have paid her much attention.  Shes practically putty.  Its almost too easy really.  A few compliments here, a few hours given up to hanging around this place there, and viola.  The missing piece of my life -- namely a nice little fortune to fritter away at my leisure courtesy of one heiress -- will fall right into place.
He looked around the room with a disdainful sort of sniff.  It would have to be children though, wouldnt it?  Germy little dirty handed chattering like monkeys children everywhere you look.  It makes me want to sneeze just thinking about them.  He gave a small sigh as though bemoaning the trials that he was forced to bear.  Nothings ever as easy as it should be, but thats life I suppose.  I dont figure it can be hurried up much either.  These things always take more time than any man ought to have to waste just to make a living.  People just dont appreciate how rough it is and how much work it takes to avoid having to work.
The hall door opened at that moment. Two of the children started to walk in, spotted Clay, and backed out so fast that they nearly tripped and landed in a pile.  They recovered their balance though and slipped out of sight without anyone muttering so much as a word.  Clay laughed.
At least they realize when they arent wanted.  Ill give em points for that.  If I have to play nice with those little beasties, it won't be pretty.  Well, hopefully it wont come to that.  But, if it does, Ill make do, I always do.  And this time next year the payoff will all be worth it.  Ill be sitting on a beach on some tropical island sipping something nice and cool topped off with an umbrella basking in the sun enjoying my fortune and lapping up the sympathy of every tender hearted female in a three mile radius for my poor, inconsolable broken heart after I had no choice but to put my beloved wife in an institution for her own safety -- top notch, of course, and all the best for her comfort, but my poor, bereaved heart just not able to take another day of seeing her there.  Theyll lap it up.  He was starting to look a little glassy eyed as he painted out his vision of the future.  Thatll be the day.  Eye on the prize.  Picnic to finish off.  Heiress to woo.  Off we go old boy, were not on that beach yet.  
His exit was halted by Ians entrance.  Ian seemed a bit thrown off to find the other man there, but Clay gave no outward sign that he was anything less than pleased to see the other man.
Ian!  He greeted.  What brings you down to visit today?  Not your usual stomping ground, is it?  Taking Keely out to lunch?  I havent gone and forgotten her birthday, have I?
Its hard to forget something you never knew in the first place, Ian commented drily.  This isnt really your usual stomping ground either.  What brings you down?
Clay offered him a wink and what he probably thought was a rather winning smile (it did not seem like it did much in the way of winning over Ian).  I think you could make a pretty good guess about that, he told the other man with a small chuckle.
Yeah, I think I could make a very good guess, Ian replied not sounding the least bit amused.
Well, then, Clay remained unflappable in the face of Ians not so hidden failure to be charmed.  Im surprised the female subset of your clan hasnt let you know that Im a regular around here these days.  Those children, well, theyre just special, arent they?  And Abby just dotes on them.  And where Abby goes . . . you know how it is when youre besotted.  You follow where the lady leads.
Ian raised an eyebrow in response.  Youre helping with the children?  He didnt sound as though he found the concept particularly believable.
Oh, Clay gave a small wave of his hand.  Keely runs such a tight ship here -- shes quite the little manager your sister.  Everything is run so well.  I would hate to put myself underfoot and get in her way.  Mostly, I just try to make sure Abbys looking after herself.  He leaned toward Ian with a conspiratorial whisper.  She overdoes, you know, our Abby.  I like to think I help her unwind a bit.
Ian did not reply verbally.  He just stared.  Clay, for the first time since the conversation had begun, began to look visibly uncomfortable.  He shifted a bit from foot to foot and made a show of noticing his watch.
Look at the time, he declared doing his best to sound surprised.  Ive got some arrangements to make.  Abby and I are picnicking for lunch today, he shared.  I cant let the details get away from me; she deserves the best.  Excuse me.
He did not wait for the other man to respond.  (He barely waited for the words excuse me to actually make it out of his mouth.)  He scurried out the door as quickly as he could without actually crossing the line into jogging.  Ian frowned at his disappearing form but waited until he was completely out of sight to say anything.
You better believe she does, he muttered to himself.  If I can do anything about it, youll be long gone before you can exchange another word with her -- let alone a picnic.

~~~~~

Good morning, Clay.  Keely greeted as she came across the man in the hallway.  Are you looking for Abby?
Already seen her, he stated offering the woman a nod and the same smile he had earlier tried with no success on her brother.  Weve got lunch plans in a bit.
Oh, she responded perking up and latching on to that little piece of information.  Does that mean that you have a few minutes to spare right now?
A flash of concern immediately appeared across Clays face, but he buried it as quickly as he could.  Oh, well, he fumbled a bit over the words.  I do have several things to see to, and I wouldnt want to run late and disappoint Abby.
Itll just take a minute, Im sure, Keely reassured him.  Its just stuck.  I cant quite get it open myself.
It? Clay asked still sounding uncertain but a little bit surer now that what Keely was asking did not seem to involve doing anything with the children.
The drawer on one of the file cabinets, she answered.  The big gray one in the office next to the safe.
Safe?  He repeated seemingly on reactive impulse before he could stop himself.
Yep, she affirmed.  I have a stack of paperwork that I need to get taken care of, but the file cabinet drawer just will not open.  I figure Im not pulling hard enough.  I thought that maybe you could get it?  She gave him her best hopeful smile.
Just then Abby appeared and placed her arm around Keelys shoulders.  Hullo, Keel, she offered.  Has Ian found his way back yet?
Working on it, her cousin told her.
Good, Abby told her.  Ive been missing him lately.
Keely patted her hand and changed the subject.  I hear you have lunch plans.
A picnic, she told her with her eyes lighting up at the word.  Clay is putting together a picnic for us to have right here.
Im sure youll have lots of fun with that.  Are you ready now?  She inquired.  Clay was going to help me out with something, but if you are ready for your picnic, I wont keep him.
Clay interrupted.  No, no, he told her.  You know Im always ready to help out around here however I can.  Abby wont mind if I do a quick favor for her favorite cousin.  Will you, darling?  He rushed on without giving either of them a chance to say anything in response to that.  The cabinet is next to the safe in the office, you say?  I guess I hadnt realized that there was a safe here.  He waved a hand at Keely as though to dismiss any offer of showing him that she might be inclined to make.  You and Abby have a few minutes of cousin time, he suggested.  I know how busy the two of you get.  Ill find it, and Ill have that drawer open for you in no time at all.  Then, well be off on our picnic.
He rushed down the hallway leaving the two women in his wake.  Keely smiled at her cousin.  Your ducklings are missing, she observed.  Abby smiled back.
Were playing hide and seek, she said.  Im not really ready for our picnic.  The subjects would be disappointed if their Princess abandoned them in the middle of our quest.
Of course they would, Keely agreed.  Are you questing or are you the object of the quest?
Object, Abby announced cheerfully.
In that case, you should be on your way, her cousin told her.  Ill tell Clay you arent quite ready if he gets back before you do.
Abby did not take the time to reply.  She gathered her skirt up for easier movement and took off running down the hall.  Keely looked after her cousin with a fond smile and then turned her head in the opposite direction (the one in which Clay had gone).  Her fond smile stayed a smile, but it did not remain fond.  It warped into something else -- something that looked like pleasantly expectant.  She did not walk that way.  She did not walk after either of them.  She, instead, went through the nearest doorway and dropped into the first chair that she found.  She sat with crossed ankles and tapped her fingers against the table next to her as she waited.
Clay entered the room which Keely referred to as the office with a decided spring to his step that had not been apparent earlier.  (It had taken him a bit of time during his first days of hanging about the center to understand that it was the same place to which Abby referred as the Dungeon of Drudgery, but it was one point on which he was inclined to agree with the latters assessment.  Paperwork would never be on Clays lists of things with which to amuse himself.  He would have lawyers for that -- lawyers and accountants and all those lovely people who handled paperwork for you -- once he had Abbys money to hire them.)  It was not his first visit.  Abby had hauled him around the place on a tour once, and there had been two or three occasions when he had spoken to Keely while looking for her cousin that had occurred within the space.
His eyes lit up when he spotted the safe.  It was down low to the floor, built into the wall, and Clay rubbed his hands together as if nearly giddy with the possibilities its presence held.  Good to know, good to know, he muttered to himself.  Never know when a location such as that will be a good bit of information to have.
He started toward the file cabinet (whether to commence with fulfilling his stated purpose for being in the room of unsticking a drawer or to give a cursory first look as to whether there might be any notation of a combination around remains a mystery as he succeeded at neither).
No way, he said (quite loudly) as he noticed what was sitting on the desk.  A pile of cash, half in and half out of a bank bag, was right there out in the open where anyone might notice it and pick it up.  The expression on Clays face clearly indicated that he was strongly considering doing just that.
If there was any doubt to be had about who had left that stack of various denominations sitting there to present a temptation to any passersby, the fact that what had clearly started as a standard issue bag that any bank might give a business client for ferrying cash to and from had been decorated with glitter and some sort of bright pink concoction (that may have been puff paint) that declared it Princess Sequoyahs Traveling Treasure Chest.
It was practically possible to read the thoughts as they went through Clays head -- the process was that transparent (and the look of avarice on his face was that plain to see).  It went something along these lines.  Abby had brought a considerable amount of cash into the building and left it sitting on a desk in an unlocked office.  Maybe this was normal for her; maybe it was not. That did not matter.  Everyone knew that Abby was scattered.  If something went missing, who was to say what had happened to it?  Maybe she had dropped something along the way.  Maybe she had stuck some somewhere intending to do something or other with it and forgotten about it.  Maybe one of those little brats that were cluttering up the halls had sticky fingers and had helped themselves when the opportunity presented itself.  It did not really matter what people thought or suspected.  No one would ever be able to prove anything.  It was nearly a picture perfect set up the likes of which Clay (who had made pilfering a hobby from a very young age) had not seen for many a year.  It was just a little too much temptation for the man (who had been studiously remaining on his best behavior while pursuing Abby) to walk away from without taking advantage of the opportunity.
A man has got to live on something while he waits for his ship to come in, Clay was telling himself out loud.  Not the lot.  That would be suspicious.  Just a touch to tide me over.  Ive been cozying up to that woman for weeks, and its round about time I got something out of it.  He nodded his head along with his words and approached the desk.
He picked up the stack and let his thumb run along the edges.  He even lifted it up by his ear and repeated the process with his thumb so that he could better appreciate the noise.  Tempting, but eye on the prize, lad.  He peeled a couple of bills off the outside.  Two, no three, he muttered peeling off one more.  Thatll do it.  Not too suspicious, but nothing to sneeze at either.  Just the thing to keep a man hopeful.
He was stuffing it into his pocket with one hand while the other hand still held rather longingly onto the wad.  More is a coming.  Youve just got to remember that.  Youll never go looking for the little dribs and drabs again if you just stick it out to the end of the game.  Buck up.  Cant be much longer.  Charmed her right nicely, Ill say you have.
He was holding his arm out to put the rest of the cash back where he had found it when a dark pigtailed head appeared in the doorway (the girl that had chosen the next activity of dress up earlier that Abby had identified as Cori).
We arent supposed to touch things on Miss Keelys desk, the child told him solemnly.  Something important might get lost even if we didnt mean for it to.
It would have, likely, worked out much better for Clay and his future plans if he had merely agreed with the child and gone about his business.  As previously seen, however, children were not Clays forte (and people startled in the midst of doing things that they ought not to be doing do not always make the most well thought out of decisions).
And what are you doing in her office yourself?  He demanded in a harsh enough tone that the little girl actually jumped.  Didnt anyone ever tell you to leave grown up business alone?  Get out of here.  Go on.
The little girl looked indignant.  Im finding Princess Sequoyah.  She announced with her hands on her hips and looking thoroughly disapproving.  Cori was answering his initial question -- the one about why she was in the office.  Clay, obviously, took her words to mean something else entirely.
You little sneak, he roared heading in the little girls direction.  Ill teach you to be a tattle tale.
Cori gaped up at him for a split second before spinning to take off down the hall, but that split second was more than enough time to make any chance she had of scampering away before Clay got to her nonexistent.  One hand clamped down on her shoulder while the other covered her mouth.  He was already hauling her back toward him (with who knew what sort of intention) when a loud voice from the hall bellowed at him.
You let that child go!  Clay stumbled backward as his arm was smacked off of Coris shoulder by an enraged looking Rusty.  Cori threw herself (shaky and teary eyed) at Rustys leg and clamped on as tightly as she could.  Just what do ya think youre doing?  Rusty demanded patting the little girl on the head and offering her an its alright now, sweetie.
I dont answer to the likes of you, Clay sneered regaining the composure that had temporarily left him when confronted by the little girl.  He made a great show of brushing off the sleeves of his jacket.
What is going on here?  Another voice (not nearly as loud and quite a bit calmer) inquired from out in the hallway as Keely made her appearance.  Cori?  She questioned spotting the little girl still clinging to the janitors leg.  Keely looked a little shaken as she came forward and rested her hand on the girls hair.  She knelt down so that she was on a more even level.  Cori, whats wrong?
The little girl let go of Rusty and threw her arms around Keelys neck.  He scared me, Miss Keely.  She sniffled before burying her face in Keelys shoulder.
Keely did not say anything; she just lifted an eyebrow in an expression that clearly demanded explain.
I was telling her that she shouldnt be poking around in the office, Clay informed her.  Then, this one, he gestured with his thumb in Rustys direction, comes storming in yelling and raving.
He was . . ., Rusty began sounding just as irate as he had when he first arrived on the scene.  Clay talked over him rather than let him get a word in edgewise.
I dont know what you think you saw, he told the other man.  But the child was where she had no business being.  She told me that herself.  I was just handling the situation when you intruded on it.  Dont they pay you to do actual work here?  Why are you always skulking around doing nothing?
What were you doing in here in the first place?  Rusty demanded.
If you must know, I was fixing the file cabinet for Keely, Clay countered.
Miss Keely already asked me to . . ., he started.
Look, Keely interrupted rising from where she had been soothing Cori.  She was interrupted in turn by the appearance of Abby in the doorway closely followed by Ian.
Youre being . . ., Ian trailed off as he took in the scene in front of him.
There you are, dear, Abby directed at Cori.  Everyone is found.  The banquet hall is prepared for lunch.  She turned to Clay.  Im ready for a picnic, she declared.
As am I, Clay announced with his best practiced smile.  If youll excuse us, he directed at the others.
Abby!  Ians outraged tone interrupted everything else transpiring in the room.  What did I tell you about that?  He demanded indicating the cash on the desk with his head.
About what?  Abby asked before following the direction of his head tilt.  Whats the traveling treasure chest doing out?  She asked looking at Keely.  I thought it was lunch time.  Is it 4:30 already?
Its lunch time, Keely assured her leaning down to whisper something to Cori.  Cori whispered back.
Oh, dear, Abby asked taking in the girls sniffling.  Is it a crisis?  Will we need ice cream?  Or will chocolate suffice, do you think?
Cori perked up a bit at the mention of both, and Keely offered her a smile.  We might need a little of both later, she told both the girl and her cousin.  First, I think Cori needs to tell us what happened that got her so frightened.
Cori bit her lip and reached out to take hold of Keelys hand.  Keely let her.  Mr. Clay, she said stopping after the announcement while most of the adults in the room waited for her to continue.
This is ridiculous, Clay directed at Keely.  Ive already told you what happened.  Look at her -- shes turning on the waterworks because she thinks shes going to get into trouble.  He switched to Abby.  Our picnic supplies should be waiting at the front desk.  You dont want our food to get cold, do you?
Clay, Abby chided shifting into her regal posture.  A good ruler never denies a subject in need of an audience on a pressing matter.  One must have all of the facts, so that one can issue appropriate judgments.  He opened his mouth to argue, but Abby leveled a look at him.
Silence, she declared, and his mouth closed again as he looked at her in shock.
He grabbed my shoulder, Cori declared rubbing at the spot and turning her head to give a small glare in Clays direction.  It hurt, she stated.  I was going to yell, but he put his hand over my mouth.  I think I should have bit him if Rusty hadnt saved me.  She offered an adoring smile in the direction of her hero of the moment.
Abby and Keely both looked at Clay with eerily similar expressions on their faces.
That is just . . ., he started.
He called me a tattle tale, Cori indignantly continued.  I dont tattle, she said with a small stomp of her foot.  I was just playing hide and seek.
And you were looking in the office?  Keely prompted.
For Princess Sequoyah, she agreed.
But you found Clay instead?
He was touching stuff on your desk, Miss Keely, Cori said.  I just told him the rule.  I thought he maybe didnt know.
Thank you, Cori.  Keely told her patting her head one more time.  It was nice of you to try to be helpful.  Im sorry that you had a fright.
Its okay, she said.  It was an adventure, right Your Highness?  She asked looking hopefully at Abby.
Indeed, Abby told her.  It may be that your next adventure should involve finding something to eat?
Ice cream?  The little girl asked hopefully.
After lunch, Keely told her.
Cori moved to Abby and tugged at her dress to pull her down.  When Abby complied, she told the woman in an exaggerated whisper that was far too loud to actually qualify for the term, Mr. Clay isnt very nice.   I like Rusty much better.  Then, she flounced out the door in a quite good imitation of Abby before pausing in the hall to stick out her tongue at Clay over her shoulder.
Your advice is noted, Abby called after her.
Ian, Keely prompted.  I think that Mr. Craig may be leaving us.  She looked at Abby for confirmation.
Yes, Abby declared.  Sadly, the climate of the kingdom does not seem to agree with him.  He will be departing at once.  She let her eyes flit toward the man in question.  Should he forget himself and return, he will find that the climate of the penal colonies suits him even less.  She inclined her head toward Rusty.  I would have a word with you, sir, at the drawbridge.  She turned on her heel and went out the door.
The janitor followed her out (looking a bit dumbfounded) while Ians hand on Clays arm cut off the protest that he was about to make at either the turn of events or Abbys exit.  Keely glanced over her desk and back at Ian.  He seemed to comprehend the implications of the look.
Ill make sure nothing accidentally found its way into Mr. Craigs pockets before I escort him out, he assured his sister.  You can go check on things.
Keely gave him a better smile than he had gotten from her the entire day before following in the direction in which Abby and Rusty had departed.
I suggest you empty your pockets, Craig, Ian demanded coldly removing his hand from the mans shoulder to facilitate him doing so.  My sister keeps meticulous records.  I know exactly how much money should be on that desk.
The whole lot of you are insane, Clay insisted.  I dont have to do anything.  You cant force me, and you cant keep me here.
I could call the police, Ian countered.  I would have already done it, but I was willing to defer to Abbys preference.  If youre going to be uncooperative, then Ill have to change my mind about that.
And youll tell them what?  Clay challenged.  That some little kid saw me standing next to the desk?
Dont push me, Ian told him in a tone that was filled with warning.  Your little scam that youve been trying to work over on Abby is over.  Have the tact to back out gracefully before you make it worse on yourself.
I could still . . ., he started.  Ian cut him off.
No, you couldnt.  There was not a trace of doubt in his tone.
Fine, the other man spat.  Theres probably not enough money in the world to put up with that asylum escapee anyway.
Ill thank you not to disparage my family members in front of me or otherwise, Ian replied.  The look that accompanied the comment had Clay emptying out his pockets without a further word.

~~~~~

Ian made his way (not so very long after) into the castle room only to find Rusty in the middle of the drawbridge down on one knee in front of Abby.  A momentary flicker of panic was visible across his features before his eyes took in the play sword that Abby held in her hands and the air of ceremony that she was projecting as Rusty kept his head bowed in front of her.  He sucked in a relieved breath and finished coming into the room.
You looked like you had swallowed your tongue for a moment there, Keely teased him gently (and quietly) as she moved to stand by his side just within the entryway.  I know what you were thinking, she continued giving him a knowing grin.  Theres no need for you to panic.  We wont have to worry about that for another two weeks at least.
Two weeks? Ian demanded with that panic stricken look (despite Keelys assurance that it was an unnecessary reaction) once again taking root.
Shh, his sister hushed him with a small eye roll and her grin firmly in place.  Dont interrupt the moment.  She tilted her head in the direction of the other occupants of the room to redirect her brothers gaze.
Arise, Abby was saying to the man in front of her as she softly tapped each of his shoulders with the sword, Sir Rusty, Defender of the Children, Personal Protector of the Princess.  We extend to you the offer to join the inner circle of command as a trusted asset to our kingdom.  Do you accept both this honor and this responsibility?
Rusty nodded his head in the affirmative as he stood.  Abby beamed at him.  Your bravery serves you well, and your kindness well serves others, she declared.  We are well pleased to have you among us.  She offered him her hand which he kissed (a little awkwardly, perhaps, but it did nothing to dim Abbys smile or take away from the one that Rusty offered her in return).
We should like to know you better, she commented placing the sword into a scabbard and balancing it across the drawbridges handrail.
Ian, Keely placed her hand on her brothers arm to stop him when he started to walk forward to cross the space between themselves and the other occupants of the room.  Let them talk.  Hes always been too shy to really talk to her before.
Before?  What do you mean before?  Ian demanded that she elaborate (while still keeping his voice carefully lowered and remaining in place in deference to his sisters restraining hand on his arm).
Just actually look at the man for a minute, brother mine, Keely told him sounding amused (and maybe just a tad bit fondly exasperated) by his question.  Are you telling me that you cant see that he is besotted?
The siblings turned their heads in tandem to look at the other pair in the room.  Abby and Rusty were standing markedly closer together than they had been at the beginning of their conversation, and they were whispering back and forth at a rapid pace.
And then the clouds are all fluffy!  Rusty said loudly enough for them to hear it from across the room.  Ian turned his head to raise a disbelieving eyebrow at his sister (who looked like she might be inclined to snicker at the expression on his face) before whipping his head back around to continue to take in the scene as it played out.
Exactly!  Abby agreed with her companions observation also letting her volume increase in her excitement.  It was a momentary change.  The two of them looked around (without seeming to really register the presence of Keely and Ian) when it appeared to occur to them just how loud they had gotten before they went back to whispering with the addition of some giggles on Abbys part and an ever increasing smile on Rustys face.
Ian looked at Keely as if he were begging for her to offer an explanation for what they were witnessing.  I dont know what, precisely, theyre talking about.  She told him with a shrug.  I could maybe hazard a guess, but at this point, youre just as likely as I am to guess correctly.  She made a wrist turning gesture at the couple in question.  It seems to be pretty animating for the two of them.
Not that, he told her with a dismissive hand gesture of his own.  Im probably better off not knowing the details of that.
Oh, Keely said.  Youre asking me for a synopsis of the situation.
I would appreciate it, he agreed.
Do you mind if I do the very short version?
An explanation, Keely, sometime today would be the preferable time table.
Keely took a deep breath and launched into her very short version.
Rusty Miller has worked here at the center for a year, he does an excellent job, he thinks Abby is the proverbial best thing since sliced bread, and he tiptoes around her like he is too shy or thinks he is too unworthy to do more than bask in her presence from afar, she summarized.  She looked back over at the still whispering duo with a pleased smile.  Well, until today that is.
Ian opened his mouth to ask for further clarification, but Keely just shook her head as though she were amused by his predictability.  He passed a background check before he started the job, she reassured him.  Just like everyone else who comes through those doors in any kind of official capacity.  Ive had a whole year to determine my opinion of his character, and I dont have any qualms on that score.  You, she offered with another grin, are welcome to do your own checking.  Im sure youve already got the list forming in your head -- just be unobtrusive about it, please?  Theyve both been too shy for anything to come of it for too long, and I would hate to have a setback because you lack subtlety.
Did you just refer to Abby as shy?  Ian asked her with just a touch of teasing in his tone.
Thats what you got out of that?  She countered with a small glare.
That was the most shocking bit of it, yes, he agreed.  I find it all too easy to believe that youre trying to play matchmaker.  Why anyone ever let you near romance novels is something that Ill never understand.
Cute, Keely told him.  But really, Ian, hes a nice man who dotes on Abby.  Theres nothing sinister or underhanded about him, and he loves this place nearly as much as Abby does -- which I know you know is no easy feat.  The children think hes great, and Ill just add that if that doesnt carry the amount of weight that it should with you, then you should know that they all avoided Clay like he was a broccoli salad on the dessert table.
Thats an interesting visual, he commented making a face.
Thats an appropriate visual, she countered.
Toast is my favorite!  Abby exclaimed before skipping away from Rusty and over to stop in front of Keely.  Rusty and I are going to go to the kitchen and make toast, she whispered at her cousin.  But we cant linger very long because Rusty has work to do and I have to get back to the children.
I think that sounds like a lovely idea, Keely told her.
Abby turned to Ian and looked him over for a moment before rushing forward with a pleased cry and throwing her arms around his neck to hug him.
Ive missed you, she told him happily letting go and beaming at him.  Ian nodded at her, and she turned to gesture for Rusty to come closer.  When he reached them, she shifted back into her regal posture.
Sir Rusty, she indicated her cousins with a turn of her wrist.  Allow me to present Sir Ian, Defender of the Kingdoms Holdings, Overseer of the Queens Wishes and Lady Keely, Manager of Her Majestys Charities, the Princesss Proxy and Representative.  She turned her wrist again in the opposite direction.  Sir Rusty is newly knighted and has my confidence to offer advisement on matters as they arise.  He will be joining the board of directors for The Castle immediately.
Wait . . ., Rusty began to question this sudden (and from the look on his face completely unexpected) announcement, but it was Keely rather than Abby who held up a hand to stop him from voicing whatever question or concern was occurring to him.
It makes perfect sense for you to join the board, she informed him.  You know this building inside and out and can provide us with insight on a variety of matters dealing with its upkeep.  You are also close to the children and able to represent them and their interests in our discussions and planning sessions.  It is just plain practicality on our parts to ask you to join.  She smiled at him.  If you really dont want to take on the responsibility, we wont insist or push it on you.  If you are only about to protest because of some misguided notion that you arent qualified, however, then I would ask that you reconsider.
Rusty looked at her a little confused (and not a little bit dazed by the recitation of her reasons for thinking it a good idea), let his eyes dart to the hopeful look that Abby was giving him, and settled with a half pleading look at Ian as if he expected the other man to jump in and set the ladies straight.  Ian took no such action.  He responded to the look by shrugging his shoulders.
Shes right, he told the other man inclining his head toward his sister as if to clarify to whom he was referring.  The board of directors exists to make decisions for this place which they cant do well without quality information about the details.  You know this place; youre here every day.  You have an up close look at the maintenance needs and any structural issues that might happen to arise.  I cant speak for the interaction with the children part of her argument because Im not here often enough myself to speak to that, but I know the two of them, he made an encompassing gesture at the two women standing next to him.  Keely and Abby dont muck around with their decisions when it comes to this place.  They take anything having to do with it very seriously.  If they didnt believe you would do a good job, they wouldnt have offered you the position.  Besides, he added leaning slightly forward as if to cut Keely out of the little circle that they had formed, I would consider it a personal favor if you filled the empty slot and saved my sister the hassle of trying to find someone else to do it.  Shes been working on it for three weeks since Martin Stoddle resigned, and shes got enough other things to do already.
Keely flicked him on the shoulder with her finger in response, but she was smiling as she did so.
Thats . . . honored . . . Ill . . . um . . . yes?  Rusty half responded and half asked.  He looked around at the three of them as if trying to find some sort of a sign that he had, in fact, answered correctly.  I can try, he told them sounding a little more certain as he saw that Abby was clapping her hands together in excitement over his agreement.
Toast to celebrate?  She asked him looking expectant.
Toast to celebrate sounds great, he agreed offering her his arm (still looking a little shy but rapidly becoming visibly more comfortable with Abby paying him attention).  Abby accepted his arm with the slightest of giggles.  The two of them bid Keely and Ian farewell and exited (one can presume to go to the kitchen in search of celebratory toast).
Spill, Ian told his sister spinning around to face her as soon as the new (or very soon to be new) couple cleared the doorway.
About what?  She inquired looking up at him with an innocent expression that did not quite make it to her eyes.
All of it, he told her with an eye roll that demonstrated that he did not believe that she did not know exactly what it was that he was getting at with his demand.
All of it is a pretty broad category of information, Ian, she reminded him.  You might want to try to narrow it down for me some or we could be here all day -- which would not be a very productive use of our time.  I know we both have other things that we should be doing.
A little elaboration on when you told me that I shouldnt worry about Clay Craig would be a good place for you to start, he mentioned.
I told you that because there was no need for you to worry about Clay Craig, she told him as if she were reminding him of something that he had already been told that he had forgotten.
He did not look as if that were the type of answer for which he was looking.  He attempted to stare her down (as intimidation or as an attempt at an awkward silence that would encourage her to talk), but she seemed decidedly uninfluenced by either the look or the quiet.  She simply stared back.
I swear you get some sort of bizarre amusement out of being purposefully difficult, he muttered half to her and half to himself.  He shook his head at her and reached out a hand to take hold of her arm.  Ian steered her by the elbow over to the drawbridge where he settled them both with their legs dangling off the side and over the shallow trench in the floor that had been included to add more realism to the play space.  It being designed with children in mind, his feet touched the bottom of it.  Keely (shorter than her brother) had just enough clearance that she could just barely swing her legs back and forth without brushing her feet against the floor. 
Alright, he informed her once they were both settled.  Were comfortable.  Weve got no additional ears listening in, Im not going anywhere, and Im ready for story time to commence.
Its been a while since I would have expected to hear you refer to hanging out here as something that was comfortable for you, she observed with an unspoken question hovering underneath the words.  You havent been really comfortable with either of us for longer than I want to think about.
Im not you, Keely, he reminded her as if it were the best answer that he had to offer for the question that she had not come right out and asked.  I dont do things the way that you do.  I dont react to things the way that you do.  I dont just hop from thing to thing and potential crisis to potential crisis and take it all in stride.  He pushed a hand through his hair and kept going.   I worry, I plan, and I maybe panic just the slightest bit when certain people shut me out and pretend that they dont realize that anything untoward is going on when they are plotting to end the threat secretly all the while.
This distance hasnt been just about Clay Craig, Ian, she retorted.  Thats just the tail end of a long list of issues.
Its a good starting point.
Okay, Ill humor you and respond to that first then.  We can get into dissecting the rest of it later if you really are up for hashing all of this out.  I dont plot, Ian, Keely told him.  I make contingency plans.  It may be a subtle difference, but it is still a difference.
And you had a previously made contingency plan for Clay Craig that you opted to put in motion this morning?  Thats why I wasnt supposed to worry about the way that he was chasing after and trying to get his hands on Abbys money?
That whole scene this morning was actually less about the removal of Clay Craig and more for your benefit, she told him with a smile that displayed that she knew he was not going to let her get by with that statement without a great deal of further explanation.
This rationalization is something that I have got to hear, he told her obviously not believing that anything she might be about to say would actually make her previous statement make any form of sense to him.  He even crossed his arms as if building a wall between himself and whatever was coming.
Keely leveled a look at him as if to convey her opinion that he was not in much of a position to be complaining that other people made things difficult when he was guilty of the same, but she launched into her explanation despite the show he was making of being disinclined to actually hear what she was saying.
Abby would never have married Clay, Keely told him.  That was never a valid concern.  It wasnt going to happen, so there wasnt much to worry about except the petty annoyance of his presence.  She held up a hand to halt him when it looked as though he had something that he wanted to interject.  He conceded to her silent plea to allow her to finish (with a frown, but he did not interrupt).  I dont care how charming he thinks he was being or how much attention he tried to pay her.  She wasnt going to fall for it.  Besides, the children didnt like him, and Abby wasnt oblivious to that.  You may not understand just how much weight that carries, but I do.
So, you and Abby had some Clay Craig inspired heart to heart during which she told you that she was merely tolerating his presence but knew deep down that he was slimy and untrustworthy?  Ian asked her sounding as if he still did not believe anything she was saying.
She never told me anything she was thinking about Clay, Keely acknowledged before she expanded on the statement and why it did not change the fact that she knew what she was talking about.  She didnt have to tell me what she was thinking.  I could tell because I know Abby.  She does like attention.  You arent wrong about that, and she does like to have people around who follow her lead.  Neither of those things make her deficient in recognizing when someone is too over the top to be taken at face value.
Keel, Ian spoke slowly as if he were carefully measuring his words in the manner that one would when attempting to explain something to a toddler that one suspected was already deeply entrenched in an opposing view.  You are aware that Abby is a little over the top herself?
Of course she is, Keely told him looking at him as if he were being unaccountably strange or deliberately slow (and she had yet to decide which it was).  That is why she doesnt exactly appreciate that trait when it makes an appearance in other people.  Shes a spotlight kind of girl, and she likes to keep the spotlight squarely on her.
Ian looked at her for a long few moments -- less in the disbelieving or challenging way that had featured prominently in their interactions during the course of the day and more as if he were pondering what she was saying and trying to make a judgment call about the merits of her words.  He did not offer her any acknowledgment of agreement, but he did not try to engage her in an argument on the topic either.  He, instead, offered her a smile that could be construed as the extension of an offer of a truce.  I think were going to have to agree to disagree on the what could have happeneds, arent we?
I can do that, she agreed sounding pleased (one might assume because he had actually listened to what she was trying to tell him and recognized that she meant it).  What is it in particular that you want to know about what happened today?
That whole altercation that went down with Craig getting caught with his hand in the figurative cookie jar was something that you let happen, he commented in a tone that vacillated between accusing and curious.  You had to know that it had the potential to go wrong in a multitude of ways, so I want to know why. You saw a moment to use one of your contingency plans and took it?
I actually made a moment to use one of my contingency plans, she replied with a small shrug of her shoulders before she placed her hands behind her on the wood that made up the drawbridge and leaned back against them.  You showing up today in the mood that you were in was kind of a breaking point for a variety of things that needed to be addressed, so I addressed them in a one stroke/multi repercussion format.  She looked over at him and shook her head slightly.  You were getting all outraged and nagging Abby despite the fact that you should know better than to go about things that way.  The two of you werent in a place to stand many more blows to your relationship.  I love Abby; that doesnt mean that I dont understand what a grudge holder she can be.  I love you, but that doesnt mean I dont know that you get tunnel vision at times.  The two of you were kind of in need of an intervention to get you back on track with each other.
She continued to look at him and waited for what type of response he would make to the picture of the situation that she had laid out.  The wait was not a short one; it lasted for five or six minutes as they both sat in silence -- Ian taking in everything that his sister had told him, implied to him, and challenged him with while Keely sat equally silent allowing him time to process.  She, if the expression on her face was anything to go by, did not mind the silence as she was in need of a little time to finish processing the events of the day as well.  She stopped looking at him (perhaps deciding that staring was not conducive to allowing anyone time to think) and focused on watching the mindless motion of her legs as they swung back and forth beneath her.
We still need to talk about the cash issue, Ian told her finally breaking the silence by choosing not to respond to her last statement.
We have a cash issue?  What cash issue would that be?  She challenged.
The fact that Abbys carting around bags of money in cash and leaving it where anyone can get at it does, in fact, qualify as a cash issue, he told her giving her a look that implied that she needed to knock off acting like she did not know what he was talking about because his patience for the dancing around the subject was already at an end.  Ive lost track of the number of times that Ive gone over with her all the reasons why she shouldnt be trying to run this place with cash.  Ive set up accounts; Ive picked out payroll software.  Ive done in-service training on said software.  I have made everything as user friendly and simple as is humanly possible to do, but you arent doing it.  Why?  Because Abby is partial to cash?  Its a problem, Keely.  I admit that I could have and should have a better tolerance for some of the things that make Abby Abby.  Im going to try to loosen up and let a lot of the little things go, and I really mean that.  But, Keely, this isnt a little thing.  What happened today could easily happen again, and we cant just let Abby make that kind of mistake.  Its got to be dealt with, and Im willing to be the bad guy with Abby if thats what it takes.  Youve just got to back me up and make sure she follows through with it.
Nothing you said about the situation you described was wrong, Ian, so please understand that Im not trying to tell you that it was.  You arent wrong about how serious that would be, and if it came down to things actually being the way you drew them out, then I would back you.  She sat up straight and reached over to squeeze his shoulder.  I know that it probably wont do me any good to tell you not to worry because worrying is kind of a fundamental part of who you are, but Im going to need you to muster up some trust for my ability to effectively run this place for a moment.
Im not implying that you cant run this place, Keel, he interrupted before she could stop him.
Just hear me out, okay?  She interrupted him in turn.  Abby would never have left that money out, Keely reassured him.  She takes that responsibility incredibly seriously.  She always puts it directly in the safe, and she would never let anything happen to it.  If it was a problem, I would have stepped in a long time ago.  Havent you learned by now that Abbys only scattered about things that she doesnt consider important enough to stay focused on?  This isnt one of those things.  Shes not careless when it matters.
The money was not in the safe.  The money was out, Ian insisted.  I know that Clay Craig is a conniving opportunist; I also know that he is not completely stupid.  He wouldnt get away with half of the things that he pulls if he was.  He might not have been able to pass by the immediate temptation of unattended cash sitting right in front of him, but he would never have taken the chance on getting caught taking the time to try to get into the safe in the office.
I didnt tell you that Clay got the money out of the safe; Im telling you that I did.
You set him up, Ian concluded sounding like he was caught in some bizarre place that straddled a line between impressed and horrified.  His tone finally settled on intrigued.  You went out of your way to set him up so that Abby would boot him out of here.
He didnt have to fall for it, Keely offered with a shrug.  That was all his own doing.  I sent them both to fix the drawer in the office -- Clay and Rusty.  I figured I would bring the situation with Clay to a head and give Rusty an opportunity to come out of the background at the same time.
You were playing at matchmaking, and you took the chance of letting Clay get away with stealing to do it, he accused.
Clay wasnt going to get away with anything -- let alone stealing; Rusty wouldnt have let him.
That is a lot of trust for you to be offering someone -- especially someone that you didnt bother to take the time to clue in to what was going on.
I trust him with Abby, she told him making sure that he was looking her in the eye so he would understand just how serious she was being.  I knew what I was doing and with whom I was dealing -- it played out accordingly.
Okay, he agreed after a moment.  If you think Rusty was up to stopping Craig, then Ill believe that Rusty was up to stopping Craig.  I cant say it was particularly fair of you to drop that responsibility on him unaware, but you did get the result you wanted.  It worked out even if I dont think you used the best of methods.  He gave her a challenging look.  But what about Cori?
That wasnt planned, she stated.  It wasnt my intention for any of the children to even know that something was happening -- let alone for any of them to end up in the middle of it.  And if you would like to rake me over the coals for letting it happen, then Ill take that because its deserved.
It sounds like youve already got a fairly decent handle on the beating yourself up over that one.  Do you need to hear it from me?  He asked with a soft smile as most of the tension in his body seemed to drain out of him.
Not really, she replied looking not particularly pleased with herself.  But it wont hurt me any to know that someone else is aware of the fact that I messed that part up.  I need my keep me humble moments just like everyone else does.
Dont cut me out next time, he told her popping his back and standing up on the bridge, but lets hope really hard that there isnt a next time.  He reached down to offer her help getting up from the floor.  I dont like being at odds with the two of you -- especially with you.  Dont let it get to intervention necessary level next time.  Make Abby and I talk over dinner or something if were getting squirrelly with each other.  Things shouldnt have to be this dramatic even with Abby involved.
Dont spend three months being Sir Grumpy McGrumps-a-Lot next time, she sassed back taking his hands and letting him pull her to her feet, and I wont have to do anything.  If youre making an effort, then Abby wont dig in her heels.  If Abby doesnt dig in her heels, then all of us should be able to have civilized conversations to deal with things even when we dont happen to be in agreement.  Im not pretending that all three of us dont have equal parts of guilt in letting things get as bad as they were getting, but you and Abby just seemed determined to out stubborn each other this time just for the sake of out stubborning each other.
He started to open his mouth to argue but seemed to decide against it.  Fine, he agreed.  Im going to remember to play nicely.  Im assuming that Abby is in for a similar post crisis averted debriefing after which she will agree to play nicely.  The two of us will get together and talk things out and clear the air.  Im in total compliance with your view on that.  He reached over and tilted up her chin so that she was making eye contact with him.  But I wasnt wrong about you overdoing.
I didnt say that you were, Ian.  She admitted.  I was overdoing, and I was getting worn down doing it.  Ive fixed that.  Im not a child; Im a grown up, and I need you to be okay with the fact that I fixed it the way that I needed to fix it even if it wasnt how you would have chosen to do it.
I still dont like the way you are prioritizing, he told her, and it is not because it isnt the way that I would have chosen to do it.  Its because from where Im standing it looks like you arent letting what you want carry any weight in how you go about doing your choosing.  That being clarified -- Ill choose to trust that you know what youre doing even when I dont like it.
Thats all I ask, she responded, and they exited together.

Part Two -- Ian

Ian McCullough closed one of the many files in front of him and tapped it against the wood a few times to ensure that the papers inside were fairly straightened before dropping it into the tray on the edge of his desk that was designated for finished projects.  It did not make nearly as much of a dent in the corresponding yet to be accomplished pile that was the other wire framed tray on his desk as he would have liked.  He would, on a normal day, stay later to make up for a day when he felt that he was getting behind.  This was not a normal day.  He was supposed to have dinner with his parents and sister this evening.  It would be noticed if he skipped out on their plans to work late (even though late was a subjective word given that he was someone who usually only paid attention to time when it was necessary for the convenience of dealing with outside appointments).
His parents would frown over the last minute change in their carefully set schedule if he tried to beg off, but they would not make much of a big deal over it.  (They just were not the make a big deal out of anything type.)  His sister, on the other hand, would not let him hear the end of it any time soon -- not after the way he had given Keely a hard time about her hour logging and work load.  It was not the same, of course, but he doubted that Keely would see it that way.  She did not always seem to keep clear on the fact that she was the younger sibling.  (Thus, in his opinion, he was supposed to be the one doing the looking after.)
He rolled his shoulders a bit and reached for the next item on the pile which happened to be a particularly thick file folder of additional budget requests from one of the McCullough Inc. subsidiaries that he had already shifted under other things in the pile twice.  (Even after all the years that his Aunt Bren had been gone, it still had not gotten through to some that her remaining family was just as committed to her budgets are meant to be followed principle as she had been.)
He did not have any meetings or appointments this afternoon, so he could work without interruption and just might clear out more than he thought he could before he had to leave.  If he skipped going home to change into more casual clothes, it would save him some time as well.  His parents certainly would not notice the difference.  Keely would notice, but she would only take advantage of the opportunity to remind him that he really should start keeping a change of clothes in his car (which he never seemed to remember to take care of when he was actually at home).  He reached down to flip the cover of the file back as the door to his office opened.  He looked up to see the completely unexpected -- his sister pushing the door closed behind her.
He took a semi-panicked look down at the watch on his wrist thinking that it had stopped before realizing that he could not possibly have lost that many hours without noticing the fact (he would have registered his assistant poking his head in to tell him that he was leaving for the day if nothing else).  The next thought (still in the realm of semi-panicked) was that something had to be very wrong for Keely to come down to tell him in person instead of calling him to let him know whatever it was.
Hey, she told him with a small smile that did not quite reach the appropriate proportions for how his sister should look when she was really smiling.  She did not look sad or devastated or any of the things that his soft hearted sister should look if she had arrived at his office for the purpose of breaking bad news to him.  She looked nervous.  He dialed back the panic a bit and rerouted his brain toward a different direction.  If she had come to his office to ask him for help or to let him know something in person while being nervous rather than upset, it added up to only one conclusion in his head -- it had something to do with Abby.  Abby had done something (or not done something) that Keely thought was potentially upsetting enough that she needed to come head him off before he found out about it.  He slid the file away from him with a sigh and folded his hands together on the desktop.
I know that Im not late to dinner, he told Keely as he nodded her toward a chair, so you havent come to fetch me.
She did not sit.  She did not even approach the general direction of the chair.  She sort of hovered right inside the doorway looking like she really wanted to start pacing but was fighting off the impulse.
Im actually your three oclock appointment, she offered still with that nervous, not quite right smile as she made a small wringing motion with her hands before she caught herself and dropped them down at her sides.
I dont have a three oclock appointment today, he countered (his eyes shifting over to the planner off to the side of his desk despite the fact that he knew that there was not anything on it for the rest of the afternoon).  He looked back up at her and waited for her to offer him an explanation.
Which is why I thought this would be a good time to have Trey pencil me in?  She half told half questioned him.
And Trey didnt inform me of this change in my schedule?  He prompted.
Because I asked him not to, she admitted with a small shrug as she finally sank into the earlier offered chair where her knees visibly bounced up and down as if protesting the fact that she was attempting to remain still.  Keely did not do still when she was nervous -- whatever he was going to hear, he was becoming surer by the moment that he was not going to like it.
Dont blame Trey, she continued.  I wanted to talk to you, but I knew that if you knew I was coming, you would think that I was coming to break something to you.  Then, you would waste the whole morning fretting over it instead of getting the stuff you were supposed to be doing finished.
He double blinked at her -- momentarily startled by her assessment of his reaction.  He loved his sister, but there were times when she came out with her observations of other people that were downright disconcerting.
And you didnt come to break something to me?  He asked her sounding (he was certain) as if he did not quite believe her -- cleaning up after Abby came as naturally to Keely as breathing sometimes, and it was still the only reason he could think of for this unexpected visit.
Not exactly, she told him.  Im actually here to talk to you in your professional capacity.  Hence, the professional time appointment duly made with your personal assistant.  With whom, she added, you should not be angry because he did me a personal favor by not telling you ahead of time which let you actually do your job for the rest of the day instead of wasting copious amounts of time.  I need your help, she let the last sentence come out in a rush of air that made it almost unintelligible.  He managed to catch it anyway.
What did Abby do now?  He leaned back in his chair with a sigh more certain than ever that their cousin was at the heart of whatever it was that this professional consultation was going to entail.
Why do you always assume that its Abby?  She asked him frowning a bit as she looked at him in confusion (unwarranted, he thought, since she should know by now exactly why he always thought it was Abby -- because it was always Abby).
Is it Abby?  He countered.
Yes, technically, she told him, but not the way that youre thinking.
Details, Keely, he said as calmly as he could.  Why dont you start at the beginning and give me details as to what kind of help you need and why.
Okay, she said taking a deep breath and settling back a bit into the chair still looking nervous but not quite so much as if she was going to jump up and start pacing off the fidgetiness that she was working so hard at containing.  Do you remember my present for Abbys and Rustys wedding?
Ian found himself doing the double blink thing again.  He had not been expecting that (not that he had much in the way of expectations any longer with the way Keely was dancing around coming to the point).  Didnt you write a song for them?  He asked carefully (still trying to figure out where this was going).  He was pretty sure that she had told him that she was writing them a song even though he could not recall ever getting to hear the final product.  It had been a very Keely sort of gift to offer -- one that he was sure had been appreciated because whatever differences he and Abby had upon occasion, an appreciation for his sisters skill as a musician and composer was not one of them.
It started as a song, Keely said sounding as if she were embarrassed for some reason that Ian could not decipher.  The first song came out really cute, and then I had this idea for another.  It all sort of snowballed on me a bit and . . .
And?  He prompted when she demonstrated no sign that she was going to continue her trailed off thought on her own.
It sort of turned into what might be considered a small musical, she said holding her fingers close together as if to indicate just how little it had been.  You know, she said sounding as if she were trying to downplay the entire thing.  I just started writing the way everything happened, and it all kind of fell into place.  It was just a cute, fluffy little melodrama type thing that I thought the two of them might think was entertaining.  I wanted them to have their story.
Okay, Ian said allowing his confusion to be displayed in his tone.  He could follow her on her choice of present; he understood the story telling idea -- that was a family tradition.  He could not, however, follow how this in any way, shape, or form led to something that required intervention from him.  Thats great.  Im sure they really liked it, he offered.  What Im still not seeing is where my help is required.
Thats where the Abby part sort of comes in, Keely admitted.  She meant well, she hurried to add.  I just hadnt expected her to do it, and I wasnt prepared . . .
Focus for me, Keely, he admonished.  Youre flustered.  Youre hardly ever flustered, and its starting to make me flustered -- and I never get flustered.  What did Abby do?
She kind of sent copies out, she told him biting her lip like she was bracing herself for something.
Sent copies out?  He must be being particularly slow this afternoon (or Keely was being particularly unKeelyish) because he did not usually have this much trouble trying to comprehend something that his sister was trying to tell him.  Confusion and decoding of phrases were usually things that he only experienced in Abbys presence.
Of her wedding present musical -- to places that produce musicals.  Keely spelled it out for him.
Abby made copies of your musical and sent them to people that she thought might buy it, he clarified.
It was her present, Keely sounded as if she were gearing up to defend Abby.  It was completely unnecessary.  If this story was going the way that he now suspected that it was going, then he was probably going to be offering Abby something frilly and pink as a thank you very shortly.
Continue, he told her making a circling motion with his hand for her to get to the point.
Someone wants to produce it, she said sounding like she was bracing herself for something again.  He could not figure out why she kept doing that.  What was it that she was expecting to happen?
Thats wonderful, Ian told her getting up from his chair and coming around his desk to hug her.  He was stopped by the fact that she did not get up from her own chair.  She held a hand up as if to ward him off before he could pull her up with him.  Why, he inquired frowning down at her, are we not looking like this is wonderful?
Ian, she started sounding as if she could not quite figure out how she wanted to word her statement in order to convey what it was that she wanted to get across.
Ian, what?  He asked her.  Someone wants to produce a musical that you wrote.  Whats not to be excited about?
I dont write musicals, she offered.  Ian barely held back a snicker at the way her voice sounded as she pronounced the words -- as if she already knew that there was a fundamental flaw in what she was saying but she was holding to it anyway.
It would seem that you do, he challenged.
This was a personal project, Keely told him sounding like she was trying to put her thoughts into some semblance of order as she spoke.  It is a personal project.  It was for Abby and Rusty.  It was just for Abby and Rusty.  It was supposed to mean something for them.  Its not like the songs I do for the charity auctions.  It wasnt for public consumption.
Abby obviously doesnt mind, Ian reminded her.  Or she wouldnt have done the sending out in the first place.  She must have wanted other people to see it . . . hear it . . . whatever the appropriate term for this is.
Abbys excited, Keely admitted sounding as if that fact was creating some sort of a dilemma for her to sort out.  She thinks its wonderful.  Shes already started a dress design to wear on opening night.
Help me out here, Keel.  I am not seeing what the problem is, he told her looking down at her with a frown wondering why they still had not changed positions.  I cant read your mind.  I need words.
She stared up at him for several moments with a pondering expression on her face as if she were weighing her options for explanation strategies.  When was the last time that you went to see a movie that was made from a book that you liked?  She asked him seemingly out of the blue.
What does that have to do with . . . oh, he suddenly caught on to what she was trying to say and took a couple of steps away from her chair deciding that no hugs were going to be a part of their immediate future.
Yeah, oh, she echoed sinking back into the chair and looking like she was shrinking in on herself.  Ian struggled to come up with something to say that would snap her out of it.  It was not as if she were wrong about the often abysmal track record of adaptations, but her work should not need to be adapted in the manner to which she was alluding.
Well, wouldnt this be a little bit different than the book to movie change, he asked trying to encourage her thoughts to take a different possibility path.  Those things involve changing something from one type of media to another.  Since you wrote what is already an actual musical and they want to produce it as an actual musical, its not like there has to be a format switch, right?  It shouldnt go through the same sort of process.
I dont know, she told him still sounding flustered. (She also sounded a little confused, a little irritated, and a little defeated -- the last of which was something he was completely unused to hearing from his sister).  Ive never done this before.  She sighed and let her head drop forward onto her hands as she braced her elbows against her knees.  I should just tell them no, she mumbled.  It would be so much simpler.
Spell out for me what youre thinking, Keel, he ordered fighting back the impulse to tell her that she was not allowed to just dismiss the offer out of hand.  He was learning his lesson about letting her make her own decisions (even though he still could not say that he cared much for it).
Abby has her heart set on seeing this on stage, Keely replied as she began to tick off points against her fingers (for which purpose she had stopped resting her head against them).  Shell be disappointed if it doesnt happen, but it could be so much worse than that.  If it does happen and its bad, shes going to be heartbroken.  This isnt just a story that I made up to tie some compositions together into a cohesive unit.  This is about Abby -- its about Rusty; its about us.  Its personal; its part of the MFR collection.  We -- and by we I mean Abby and I at the very least and maybe the rest of you if its done really, really badly -- are going to get our feelings hurt if it isnt what it was intended to be at the end of the whole process of somebody else riffling through it and deciding what to do with it.
You, my very worked up and nearly panicked little sister, are forgetting something very important.  He told her settling himself so he was sitting on the edge of his desk nearest to her chair.
What is that?  She snapped out the words before immediately looking up at him with a contrite expression meant to convey that she had not intended for her irritation to spill over at him.
That you are extremely gifted, and your music is something that everyone should have the privilege of experiencing.
Ian!  She chided him in a tone that sounded like it was half exasperation and half amusement (despite her mood and disinclination toward allowing herself to be distracted by being amused).
What?  He declaimed as if he had no idea why she was saying his name in such a way.  (His attempt at an innocent expression was not really up to the task.)	
I think you may be a bit biased, she told him cracking what was what he would consider her first real smile since she had entered his office.  He was pleased to see it; it meant that he had her broken out of the state she had been in and back to being normal Keely.
I call it like I see it, he told her with a smile of his own and a small shrug.  Besides, he added in a teasing tone.  Abby happens to agree with me.
Are you trying to imply that Abby isnt equally biased?  She countered with a raised eyebrow and a full blown grin.  The moment did not last as he was nearly certain that he could make out the actual turning of wheels in her head as another round of questions and protests geared up to come bubbling out of her.
Youre overthinking this, he told her before she could start voicing them.
I know I am.  That would be why Im here, she offered in return.
Two days later, Ian could be found standing next to a floor to ceiling built in bookshelf scanning the series of titles that were located at his eye level as he waited for his cousin to find her way over to talk to him.  He had not been on a visit to the penthouse in ages, and he had wondered if things would be differently arranged now that Abby was married.  The rooms that his aunt had always referred to as the public ones had not changed from what he could tell.  The formal dining room in which they had eaten their meal was the same as ever -- Hannahs efficiency and taste in decorating were heavily in evidence.  Ian was pleased to see that there did not appear to be any animosity between Abbys long time housekeeper (as they all called her even though none of them had any illusions about the fact that the womans role was far more encompassing than that) and her new husband as the household settled into its new normal post the wedding.  (Even if the event had been, if the local papers were to be believed, the social news of the year -- or at least until something else managed to catch someones attention as a reason for the society pages to go into overdrive.  It was, in Ians personal opinion, an awful lot of public attention for what had amounted to less than half a dozen people accompanying Abby and Rusty to the Justice of the Peace.)
The sitting room where Abby did her after dinner entertaining (as had her mother before her) had displayed no change of furnishing or decoration from Ians memory of it.  The library (in which Ian was waiting as Abby bid goodnight to the various members of the board of directors of A Safe Place who had been the guests for the evening) did not seem to be any different than what he remembered from the days in which he had attended similar events that took place under his aunts direction.  In a lot of ways, Rustys introduction and induction to and into the family and its affairs had been seamless.  It was as if he just slipped into a place that made it seem as if he had always been there.  Even the board of directors had included him and listened to him with little notice that he was the new guy in the group.
Ians reflections on his new cousin-in-law, the dinner, and the fact that there were areas in the penthouse that still felt as if his Aunt Bren had just walked out of them were cut off by Abbys entrance (on her own to his surprise) to the room.  (Keely, he knew, had a commitment for a different charity and had left not long after dinner was finished, but he had expected Rusty to be following after his cousin.  The two of them seemed to orbit around each other more often than not.)  Abby, as was her normal style, gave the appearance that she was sailing in (the way that the skirt of her dress trailed pink ruffles in her wake adding to that effect).  She was humming to herself as she came, but she neither greeted nor approached Ian to begin the conversation that she had promised that they would have after the completion of the formal business section of the evening.  She instead turned on the CD player allowing the sound of a piano intro to flow out of the speakers.  He recognized Keelys playing (something that he always insisted that he could do that a variety of people including his parents and his Aunt Bren had scoffed at).
Before he could ask what it was that Abby was doing (or try to engage her in the conversation he had sat through the board get together to have), she had started to sing along with the background music.

The suns comin up over the city
The sky is clear
The days so pretty
And its a good day to be me
Ive gotta song to sing stuck in my head
Lifes looking good
from my comfy bed
And its a good day to be me
And Im tickled pink to be where I am
Tray on the way
with my toast and jam
And its a good day to be me
Every morning when you wake up
Never know what the day might bring
Its always an adventure
What could happen?  Anything.
Half a dozen people do what I say
It might be more
I like it that way
And its a good day to be me
Oh, its a good day to be me
Yeah, its a good day to be me

She hummed along with the final bars as the song faded out before reaching over to turn the CD player back off and turning to Ian with an expectant smile. The expectant part was rather wasted on him as Ian had completely lost track of how it had been that he was going to try to start this conversation with her.
Thats my solo, Abby told him looking pleased to be making the announcement (and a touch amused at the somewhat bewildered expression that he was sure that he was betraying).  That is what you wanted to talk to me about tonight, isnt it?  She asked for clarification.  Keelys musical?  And what were going to do about it?  You always skip out on the board meetings for the Castle whenever you can get away with it.
Um, yes, he replied, that is what I wanted to talk to you about.  And, he defended, Im not actually on that board, so theres no reason for me to not just send any financial reports along with Keely.
Whatever you need to tell yourself, she stated with a dismissive hand brushing gesture.  He was not sure whether she was teasing him or not; it was not always so easy to tell when it came to Abby.  I thought you should hear part of it first, Abby told him settling herself into a chair and making a gesture that indicated that he should do the same.  He acceded to her implied request.  Hannah will be along in a minute with some tea for us, she continued.  I know you would rather have coffee, but Im not supporting your lack of sleeping habits.  What is it about the musical that you want to know that required an audience with me rather than Keely?
He had to admit that he was thrown by the complete derailment of everything that he had prepared himself to expect.  He was not really used to Abby being quite so direct.  There was usually a significant amount of translation from Abby speak required when he tried to approach her on serious subjects.  His brain was having more than a bit of trouble coping with the way that she had jumped directly to the topic at hand.
Abby let out a resigned sounding sigh and reached forward to pat him on the knee.  Dear Ian, she told him with a fond smile.  You really must learn to function outside of your boxes.  We dont all like to stay in them, you know.  Staying in boxes is awfully predictable and makes it very difficult to go looking for adventures.  Granted, a certain number of adventures may still find you, but the more adventures the better.
This was more in line with the Abby that he was used to dealing with, and he managed to put his thoughts back in a proper order so that he could proceed.  I take it that you like Keelys wedding gift, he tried to see if it would prompt an opening for him to voice Keelys concerns.
She beamed at him.  Keelys wedding gift is beautiful.  She gave us our story in Keely fashion, she paused and waited for a nod from Ian to signify that he remembered what that meant.  She shrugged as if answering a question that he had not asked her.  I think that beautiful things should be shared whenever sharing is appropriate, she told him.  Dont you agree with me?  We dont share Keely much sometimes, and Ive decided that we should.  She frowned for a bit as if considering a thought for which she did not particularly care.
Thats my fault, I think, she paused again (Ian too busy attempting to translate to say anything while she did).  Yes, I really think it is.  There were so many things that she needed to do before she was ready to share, and I let her do them because she wanted to do them.  I could have argued more, but then she might never have been ready to be shared at all.  She returned to smiling as if she had ironed out all the difficulties of whatever it was that had been troubling her.  She has things all shipshape and Keely fashion now, she told him leaning forward and whispering as if it were a secret that she was imparting to him.  She has time for other things.  She cant use that argument against us.  She can only tell us that she doesnt want to share.  But, Keely doesnt like to say no to me if she can get around it, and she doesnt like to say no to us when we work together because it always takes her by surprise.  So, youll be on my side?  She finished looking at him expectantly.
He was a little disconcerted -- not because he had managed to decipher and follow the gist of what she was saying, but because he had followed it all really well (and strangely easily) and found that it echoed several of his own sentiments on the topic.
You want us to gang up on my sister and guilt Keely into actually making more of her music public?  He asked her for a summarization (and to make certain that she was, in fact, saying what it was that he thought she was saying).
Guilt is not such a very nice word, is it?  Abby asked him looking pleased with his response despite the slight disavowal that could be garnered from her words (if one were not privy to the expression on her face that was very nearly gleeful).  But it can be very useful when used sparingly for good causes, she finished.
Im always telling Keely that she shouldnt let you get away with doing this sort of thing, he admitted not sure whether he was okay with the fact that he thought he was okay with going along with what she was suggesting.  Abby laughed at that.
Keely is worse than both of us together could ever dream of being, she insisted (Ian was not so sure that he believed that, but he opted not to voice the thought).  She nearly always gets her way one way or the other.  Sometimes, she even resorts to sneakiness, so she cant really object if the people around her adopt like methods.
Ian found that his mouth closed of its own accord after he realized that he really could not argue against her final point.  He had witnessed some of that resorts to sneakiness on Keelys part firsthand.  It really would not be fair of her to hold it against them if they took after her example. 
Keely does have other concerns, he informed her taking a moment to remind himself that his sisters reluctance was not all about being nervous about sharing her work with a broader audience.  Its not just that shes nervous about her work getting more exposure.  Shes worried that it will get rewritten.  Shes worried that youre going to be disappointed in how it comes out and that shell be disappointed in how it comes out as well.
Abby waved a dismissive hand as if all of the sentences that he had just spoken were not worthy of her consideration.  That wont happen.  She insisted.  Those are just excuses.  She leaned forward again and shook her finger at him as if she were scolding a child that was trying to get out of doing chores.  Were all very good at what we do, Ian, she told him looking more serious than he could remember seeing her since the last days of her mothers illness.  You just as much as Keely and I.  You wont let any of those things happen.  If these people wont play nicely, then we wont play.  You and Keely always try to make everything so much more complicated than it has to be.  She looked him directly in the eyes.  Somebody looked at Keelys work and recognized it for what it is.  Your job is to make sure that they remember that.
So, he offered after a moment when Abby had lost her serious expression and gone back to humming her song.  He was trying (really he was), but he was still having trouble wrapping his head around the way Abby was behaving.  He mentally conceded Keelys point that he had let too much distance build up between them over the last couple of years.  He was glad that the two of them were already working on fixing that, or he would have to feel guilty over his lack of effort.  Were going to try to convince Keely to do this.
Abby gave him a look that clearly indicated that she thought he was being slow on the uptake on purpose by asking to clarify that one more time, but Hannahs entrance carrying a tray prevented her from making whatever comment on his statement that she had been inclined to offer.
Thank you, Hannah, he told the older woman with a sincere smile as he noticed the plate of cookies in the middle of the tea tray that had clearly been chosen with his preferences in mind.  The woman was very, very good at what she did; she had been for as long as he could remember.  He would be sorry to see her go (which he was sure she would within the next couple of years).  Abby had taken up the majority of the womans life for a lot longer than most people would have been willing to allow.  He had to admit (as reluctantly as he had come to do so when it came to his sister) that Abby did not make anyone stick around.  They all did it -- the long hours and the putting up with the eccentricities and the way it took up more and more of your life as she pulled you into more projects -- because they sincerely believed that Abby was worth the effort.  He, when he was not stuck in a rut of grousing about the inconvenience of it all, would willingly admit that it was not so bad once you got beyond the oddness factor.  Abby was refreshing and pleasant, and he preferred having her hanging around his life over not.
Hannah offered him a smile and a nod before receiving a similar thanks and dismissal from Abby and exiting the room.  The delivery of the tray seemed to send thoughts of whatever Abby had disliked about his previous comment flying from her head.  She had found something in the contents of the tea tray to focus on instead.  She studied it for a moment, frowned at it, then looked up and pouted at him.
She brought all of your favorites, she told him as if it were an accusation as she stabbed her pointer finger in the general direction of the plate of cookies.
I am the guest, he replied leaning forward and copying her earlier air of whispering some great secret.  He was not about to agree to complain about the fact that his cookie preferences had won out and made their way to him.  He had not had any of Hannahs cookies since Christmas.
She laughed again.  True enough, she acknowledged.  The guests preferences must always be taken into account when setting menus, she declared as if reciting it from some instruction manual.  Manners are awfully inconvenient sometimes, she stated with a sigh before poking at one of the peanut butter cookies on the tray before apparently deciding that it would do and dipping it into her freshly poured cup of tea.
That included in your manners manual?  He teased her looking pointedly at the cookie crumbs that were dissolving in her cup before making a face as if he were disgusted by the sight.  Things had been much better between he and Abby lately (that lately being the time since the day he had gone to confront her about Clay Craig only to find out that everything was well in hand without his interference), but they had not had the kind of comfortable, teasing conversation that used to be common between the two of them in their younger years for longer than he cared to remember.
I am so terribly sorry.  Is this an official audience?  She asked him with a raised eyebrow and a teasing smile.  I was under the impression that I was once again allowed to indulge in the simple pleasure of my relations company.  I must have been mistaken.
Well played, he told her snatching up a lemon cookie (his absolute favorite) that Hannah must have gone to the trouble of baking fresh (it was still warm) when she realized that he was coming over (he knew for a fact that Abby hated them) and dipped it into his own cup of tea.  Cookies in the tea had been his aunts method of trying to teach him to like the beverage during his childhood.  He could not say that it had been entirely successful (given the opportunity to choose, he would pick coffee every time), but he did not necessarily dislike it -- so it was probably as successful as she had intended it to be.
You will take care of handling all of the details?  Abby requested smiling at him around a mouthful of cookie.  He shook his head at her and her blatant display of talking with her mouth full (something that she would never have done if there had been any non-familial witnesses to see it).  The fact that she was the oldest was something that clearly was completely worthless as a point of reference.
Youll take care of making sure Keely doesnt talk herself out of it?  He asked by way of answering her question and cementing the partnership into which they were entering.  He snagged another cookie while he said it.  He had missed these; they were really excellent cookies.  He was going to have to stop by to offer Hannah another thank you before he went home.
Agreed, Abby offered brushing her hands on a napkin from the tray between them and then offering him one.  He shook it after he barely remembered to get a napkin off the tray to take care of the crumbs on his own hands.
Agreed, he told her.
Do you know how to reach those making the overtures?  She dropped his hand and tilted her head (settling into what Keely would have described as one of her royal poses).
Keely gave me a card with all of the contact information, he assured her.
And if these particular petitioners prove to be unworthy?  She prompted.
Then, he answered.  Keely will be relieved of the necessity of dealing with them further.
Abby beamed at his playing along (or maybe just at the sentiment conveyed by his response).  I am so pleased that weve gotten you back, she observed for what might have been the tenth time since the day Clay Craig had been run out on a rail.  He just rolled his eyes.  He could try to argue that he had not actually gone anywhere, but he knew that it was not worth the bother.  From her perspective (and to a lesser extent from Keelys), he had.  They had rectified the level of miscommunication between them (still a work in progress at times).  They would not always be in accord (and were both learning to give a little and be okay with that), but this was one occasion where there would be no points of opposition to crop up between them.  They were going to gang up on Keely for her own good.  He was fast coming to the conclusion that he had no problem with that.  Obviously, Abby did not either.

~~~~~

It took surprisingly little time for Trey to come back into Ians office with an appointment set after he had sent his assistant off with Keelys contact information card and told him to arrange a meeting (he had not even completed the phone call that he had been dialing as the other man was walking out of his office before he was back).  Apparently, these people were not just interested in Keelys musical, they were very interested.  If the early date for an initial meeting that they had requested was any indication, then they had been waiting to pounce on the chance as soon as they received a return phone call.  That was good to know -- it was a very good sign of how receptive they would be to Keelys stipulations if they were chomping at the bit to get the rights to the piece.
A meeting with a Claudia Shimm as the representative from Briarwood (a fairly small, same city based institution that brought various representations of the arts to its combination theater and gallery on a regular basis) with whom he would be working was penciled into his planner for the next day at one in the afternoon.  He was not usually inclined to take nonemergency meetings with so little notice.  It went against his fastidious pre-meeting habits.  He normally would have wanted a bit more time to make sure that he was sufficiently prepared.  In this particular instance, there was not really much in the way of preparing for him to do.  They could agree to produce the musical as is with Keely retaining the right for a final veto on any changes/additions/deletions that they felt they needed to make in preparing the show for the stage, or they could not produce the musical at all.  That was the summation of the united McCullough position.
It was not as though Keely was some starving artist desperate for someone to offer her a paycheck.  (It was not even as though Keely was all that enamored with the idea of seeing that particular piece of her artistic expression brought to life in front of an audience.)  Those making the purchase overtures did not have much in the way of wiggle room from a negotiation perspective (and as much as Ian would enjoy seeing his sister get some public credit, his belief that you did not do business with people that you could not trust was every bit as developed as that of his cousin and sister).
The meeting would work out or it would not.  Abby claimed to be unsure about how many different places she had offered up copies of Keelys work to, but Ian was willing to guess that (given Abbys tendency toward the grand gesture) it was a fairly large number.  He had great faith in the fact that his sister was very good at what she did -- if this time around did not work out, he was confident that another opportunity would come about.  Briarwood could not be the only place out there with people on staff who would recognize his sisters talent.
It was 1:45 on the day of the scheduled meeting when Ian made up his mind that this was going to fall under the category of not going to work out.  It was not anything that the representative had said that had made him come to this decision; it was the fact that the representative had not bothered to show up at all.  Ian would be the first to admit that he had a bit of a personal pet peeve when it came to the importance of punctuality, but he did not think that anyone could fault him for letting agitation get the better of him at the forty-five minute mark when not so much as a phone call of explanation had been forthcoming from the so very not present Ms. Shimm.
He gave one last irritated look at the steadily ticking away watch on his wrist and stuck his head out of the office to flag down a passing Trey.
Anything?  He inquired knowing that it was a pointless question.  (Trey would have told him immediately if there had been any message.)
Not a word, the younger man replied shifting a stack of copies from one arm to the other.  Are you sure that you dont want me to make a call to check up on whats happening?
No, Ian insisted (just as he had the two previous times he and Trey had gone through variations on this same conversation).  Im not taking up any of our time running down their missing rep.  Weve all got other things to do.  Theyre the ones who wanted this meeting in the first place.  They can be the ones to sort it out.
Its your call, Trey replied with a small shrug of his shoulders that nearly sent the papers at the top of his pile tumbling to the floor.  Are you headed out?
Ive got that meeting at Carls at 2:30, he replied letting out a small dig at the missing representative from Briarwood to vent a bit of his agitation.  And I dont do late.
Trey shook his head at him.  Things do happen, you know?  He prodded gently.
Of course they do, Ian agreed.  That is why these strange devices that promote communication that we refer to as phones exist.  Then, you can let people know when things happen so that they can adjust their plans accordingly instead of leaving them lingering in limbo as if no one else on the face of the planet could possibly have anything better to do than wait around for you to decide to show up where you are supposed to be.
Trey just looked at him with both eyebrows disappearing into his hairline.  Just a touch of overthinking there, maybe?
Its rude, Trey, whether someone intends for it to be rude or not.  Its disrespectful of the other person and implies that you dont think that their time has as much value as your own.  Ian lectured settling back on his heels as if he were about to deliver a dissertation.
Trey began to rapidly shake his head back and forth.  Im not saying it isnt rude, he agreed in a placating tone.  Im just saying maybe you shouldnt let it send your blood pressure skyrocketing the way it apparently is.
Ian took a deep breath.  Ill try to keep that in mind.  He grabbed his briefcase from where it was already stationed by his door and began to make his way in the direction of the elevator.
Do you want me to text you if I do hear anything?  Trey called after him.
Just leave the message on my desk if one does ever arrive, he decided after pausing for a minute of consideration.  Ill deal with it when I get back.  If Keely happens to call . . .
Keely isnt going to call, Trey reminded him.  Keely is sitting somewhere at the childrens center burying herself in mountains of busywork so that she isnt thinking about this meeting.  Shell wait for you to get back to her.
Its a little disturbing that you know my family that well.  Ian told him turning to walk backwards as the conversation continued.
Trey shrugged his shoulders again.  Im just that good, he offered with a grin.  So, when Abby calls, Ill tell her that the petitioners from the neighboring kingdom have failed to arrive.
Must everyone humor her?  Ian asked pushing the button to call the elevator.
Whats the harm, Trey countered shifting the stack of copy paper once again.  Abby is Abby.  Its best to just roll with it.
See, Ian commented as he waited for the doors beside him to open.  Now I know that youve spent way too much time talking to my sister.
You didnt think I was actually putting her on hold all those weeks that you were pretending that you were too busy to take her calls, did you?  Trey saw the expression on Ians face and realized that he might have crossed a line.  Look, Im just the lowly intern here.  Im staying out of the family politics.  No sides, no repeating things that I may or may not have heard -- just message ferrying.
Dont panic, Trey, Ian told him offering a smile in return as the arrival of his way down to the lobby was announced with a ding.  If I wanted someone working here who only ever repeated what I wanted to hear, I would have trained a parrot.
Ian was strangely increasingly agitated as he waited for the elevator to reach the lobby, and the confines of the space in which he was stranded were not helping to alleviate or even mitigate that emotion.  He really should have taken the stairs instead.  It would have been slower (although the elevator was not feeling very speedy at the moment), and motion would have helped with the way that he was feeling.  It had not occurred to him that the trapped and still feeling that the elevator was giving him was going to be so intense.  Trey had been right -- he was letting this drive up his blood pressure unnecessarily.  He attempted to force himself still and take a few deep breaths, but he found himself tapping his foot impatiently and muttering come on, come on as the lights that marked the floors crept closer and closer to the label marked L.
He was lucky that no one else was interested in sharing his ride -- he would not have been an ideal elevator sharer what with his muttering and tapping and general exhibits of frustration.  It would not have been entirely unlikely that he would have traumatized some poor soul who was locked in with him; the more likely scenario would be that the doors would open and whatever unsuspecting person that started to join him would take in his demeanor and choose to postpone his or her descent until the elevator disgorged him and returned.
He really should not be this bothered by the no show.  He had said that it was not a big deal (they had all said that it was not a big deal) if this particular display of interest did not pan out.  It was not as though he had not meant it when he thought and said it; he had.  This whole situation was still making him all kinds of perturbed (that they had not even bothered to keep the meeting was insulting whether he cared if they came to a final agreement or not).
In part, he was sure that it was because of the whole lack of punctuality being a pet peeve (a major one) of his thing.  Added to that was the fact that the lack of a phone call (or email or text message or any form of communication at all) was just plain rude on top of being incredibly unprofessional.  It grated on his nerves because of the principle in question, and it struck a deeper nerve that just kept making him more agitated (and fidgety and generally unpleasant to be around) the longer that he thought about it.  It was not just an insult to him or the worth of his time; it was an insult to his sister.  It was, in a way, a dismissal of her and what she did.  He was not inclined to be overly tolerant of that.
He was a bit of a bear when it came to things that he perceived as a danger to Keelys happiness (to the point that he had very nearly had a total falling out with Abby over it not all that very long ago).  That the people from Briarwood (who had had the seeming good sense to recognize her talent) were apparently not even going to go through the motions of following through on their initial show of interest upset him on her behalf.
It was a little ridiculous (and he was completely cognizant of that fact even through the haze of his agitation) for him to be getting so wound up over it all when Keely was probably going to let the whole thing roll off her like water off of a ducks back.  Knowing that wasnt causing him to let up on his cycle of dwelling and increasing agitation any.  He could not seem to help it or stop himself.  He actually found himself muttering out loud various assessments of the type of irresponsible persons that Briarwood obviously employed (and found himself grateful once again that he had managed to snag the elevator all to himself so that no one else was staring at him wondering if he was going through some sort of mental breakdown as the words and phrases kept escaping his vocal chords even after he realized what he was doing and made an actual effort to tap it down).
In between little fits of temper directed at the employees of Briarwood who would never be privy to them, he found the time to mutter out loud some disparaging phrases about the elevator and how it seemed to be inching its way down the shaft instead of actually moving at a normal rate of speed.  He gave up on his attempts at making a pretense of keeping still and allowed himself to pace back and forth as much as he could (what with the walls still in place and all).
By the time the elevator finally reached the lobby (one has little perspective on assessing in any accurate manner the passage of time when one is pacing between the walls like a wild animal shoved into an unnecessarily small cage), he was practically ready to climb said walls (as they kept getting in the way of his continued pacing).  That being the case, he greeted the lighting of the L above the doors with an exasperated Finally!  He clutched the handle of his briefcase a little more tightly than needed, rocked back and forth on the balls of his feet, and internally rolled his eyes at himself and how silly he was being.  That did not stop him from barreling out of the doors as soon as they had opened widely enough for him to squeeze through without thinking about what he was doing or looking where he was going.  In consequence, he found himself in the middle of an accident almost as soon as he had cleared the still parting doors.
Ian, being rather larger than the woman that he slammed into, found himself taking a large step back in order to regain his balance.  The effects of the head on collision were a little more devastating on her end.  The strawberry blonde who had been waiting to enter the elevator had landed in an undignified heap on the floor with a briefcase of papers scattered around her from where the fall had popped the latch and allowed the contents to escape.  She sat very still in what appeared to be a state of semi shock while Ian stood still with an expression on his face that could only be described as unadulterated horror -- so much so, in fact, that he was rendered speechless for the span of nearly twelve seconds before the realization that he was being silent when being silent was most definitely not called for by the situation came.
I am so sorry, he declared shaking off his horror enough to act and settling on his knees as he began to try to gather the sliding under the influence of the ceiling fans papers together.  I am so, so sorry.  I wasnt paying any attention to where I was going.  Are you okay?
The woman on the ground slid her awkwardly situated right leg carefully in front of her as if she were feeling out whether it was moving correctly.  Im okay; I think, she said as she shifted her ankle back and forth before she finally looked up at him.  In a hurry?  She asked him with a raised eyebrow as she shifted to her knees and started to gather up more of the papers.
I am so sorry, he repeated again reaching to pick up one of the remaining sheets that had slid a couple of feet away from where they were both kneeling.  There is no excuse for what happened.  I was just flat out not watching where I was going.  Are you sure you arent hurt?  He questioned.  You looked like you were testing out your ankle a second ago.
I was just checking, she offered pushing a piece of hair that had fallen from her bun behind her ear.  I landed kind of funny and with the type of day Ive been having I figured that I wasnt going to get out of it unscathed.
Ian winced but did not comment.
She took the handful of papers that he was holding out in her general direction as if he were not certain what to do next now that he had picked them up (and offered his apologies).  As he passed them off, he glanced at the stack and noticed the heading of the stationery on which the top sheet was printed.
Youre from Briarwood?  He asked standing up and brushing at the knees of his slacks before reaching out a hand to help the woman off the floor.  (She ignored his hand as she did not notice it since she was busy stuffing the collected papers back inside her briefcase.)
I am, she said as she snapped it shut and gave a push to the top to make certain that it was going to stay closed.  How did . . ., she trailed off as she looked up at his still proffered hand.  Youre Ian McCullough, arent you?  She stated sounding like the words were paining her.  Her whole face went red as an embarrassed blush spread across her features.
I am, he responded.  I take it that youre Ms. Shimm?
She nodded as the blush went another shade darker.  Im late enough that youre leaving, arent I?
I do have other appointments today, he told her allowing just a hint of his earlier irritation to bleed through the words (he did not think that it was entirely fair to be overly upset with someone after you had just plowed them into the floor with your heedlessness).
I could recite an entire litany of all the reasons that I didnt make our meeting or call or get a message to you somehow, but Ive already wasted enough of your time, she spoke in a rush (as if she were afraid that he was going to cut her off at any moment).  I know Ive given you pretty much the worst first impression possible, but Im really not usually like this.  I hate being late.  Its so inconsiderate of other people, and Im still talking while youre obviously needing to go.  She finally took the hand that was still rather awkwardly suspended in the air between them and allowed him to help her to her feet.  You have no idea how sorry I am.  Now is clearly not a good time, but Ill take any spot in your schedule that you can give me.  It doesnt matter when it is.  Im willing to rearrange whatever I need to to work this out.
He took in her pleading expression and reminded himself that he had not exactly made a stellar first impression either.  My assistant is up in the office, he told her with a barely detectable sigh.  Talk to Trey about the possibility of rescheduling and see what he can work out -- tell him he can text me for a confirmation.  He glanced down at his watch and mentally patted himself on the back for always giving himself extra time when he was headed out for a meeting.  I really have to go.
Of course you do, she agreed sounding relieved that he was being so agreeable to her request.  I really am so very sorry about this afternoon.  Thank you for the chance to try this again.  Its very kind of you. 
Twenty minutes later he sent Trey an approval for an eight thirty meeting that evening and entered his next appointment with his schedule once again on track (even if it was a little rearranged).
Im really glad that you decided to give me a chance to make up this meeting, Ms. Shimm told him offering him a carry out cup as she came through the office door.
You brought me coffee?  Ian asked her genuinely surprised by the gesture and letting just a little touch of pleased seep into his tone.
As kind of a thank you offering, she explained with a shrug.  I did sort of cheat and ask your personal assistant what your beverage preference was.
I knew there was a reason that we kept Trey around this place, he quipped.  Ian took the proffered cup and inhaled deeply as if he were trying to memorize the smell.  I appreciate the coffee, he assured her, however, I did run you down today -- quite literally if you remember.  Im not sure a thank you offering was required.
As a general rule, she told him with a self-deprecating smile, I dont do late.  So, this whole how to make up for a lack of punctuality thing is kind of new territory for me to figure out.  Coffee seemed like the least I could do -- especially since its so late.  I need the caffeine fix, and my mother taught me that whatever Im having, I better bring enough to share.
Ian took a sip of the coffee and closed his eyes as he continued to breathe in the aroma.  He opened them and looked at the expression on Claudias face as she watched him.  I know Im indulging in a little bit of excessive enjoyment of the coffee, but you have got to understand where Im coming from -- Im pretty much surrounded by tea drinkers, and they are of the decaffeinated variety at that, he allowed a small shudder to escape him as if just the thought was something horrifying.  And they all share the common stance that they think I put entirely too much caffeine into my system.  Ive been trying to humor them lately.  He took another coffee infused breath.  Although, at the moment, I cant even remember why it was that I thought I should do that.  This is really, really good.  Where did you get it?
Theres a little place on ninth where they know what they are doing.  She answered before frowning at him.  Your family is trying to cut you off of coffee?
Sort of, he replied with a frown of his own.  Think less overt and more subtle machinations, but it all ends in less coffee for me.
No wonder you were out of it this afternoon, she commented.  I dont think I function without caffeine.
The opinions of the members of my family and select coworkers when it comes to my beverage choices aside, thank you for the coffee.  It was a nice thought.  He put the cup down and settled into a more serious posture.  It isnt, however, why you came.  Hadnt we better get to work?
Yes, she agreed, that is why Im here.  Could I?  She gestured with her briefcase toward the side of his desk.
Of course, he told her sliding things over and rearranging others to leave a little more space in the area she had indicated.  His expression turned as serious as his posture as he pushed the now mostly empty coffee cup further to the side.  I think its only fair to tell you that Ill hear out whatever proposal you want to make, but there is one answer that Im going to need you to get for me before well be having any serious discussion about anything.  If you dont already know the answer, thats fine.  I dont necessarily expect it to be something to which you are already privy, but Im going to need you to find out.
Whats that?  She asked stopping in the midst of taking file folders out of her briefcase.
I need to know why it is that Julian Mulsen is interested in Keelys work.  He told her bluntly.  He could, perhaps, have danced around the topic a bit or tried to go about getting his answer via a more circuitous route, but he saw no reason to do either.  That would be a waste of both his and her time.
Mr. McCullough, Briarwood is . . ., she started looking startled by what he had asked.  He had half expected that; he knew that it was not the type of question that she was likely to have been in the habit of receiving.
You can call me Ian, he told her not caring to continue with the formality.  And I know exactly what Briarwood is and what it does.  I also know that Mr. Mulsen may prefer a background role in the institution for official purposes, but he reserves the right of approval for all of the artistic pursuits.  Its his hobby in all the unofficial ways just as much as it is a not for profit in all of the official ones.  So, he may not have been the person who originally suggested pursuing this production, but he, at the very least, issued an okay for moving forward with it.
You seem to know a lot about our internal workings, she observed, and feel free to call me Claudia.  She added as an afterthought.
Is that going to be a problem?  He inquired (addressing her first statement rather than the second) sounding as if he was not inclined to be bothered much if it were.
Not at all, she replied offering him a smile.  Im actually rather impressed.  Most people dont bother looking into the people that they are going to be working with before they start agreeing to work with them.
I always know the people Im working with and what we expect from each other.   He countered reaching over for the coffee cup and taking another sip of the contents.  I wasnt taught to do business any other way.
Neither was I; its refreshing, she told him.  The truth is that Mr. Mulsen was actually the one who put forward Miss McCulloughs script for consideration.  He said that it was refreshing in a way that he hadnt seen for some time.  She noticed the contemplative expression that her companion was wearing.  You look like you are thinking very hard over there.  Is something wrong?
Im just pondering, he replied waiting for a few seconds before he elaborated.  That was probably one of the best case answers that I could have received to that question.  It was both reasonable and acceptable.
Do you mind if I ask?
Its not a secret, he told her finishing the last sip of his coffee and placing the cup down out of his way.  There are a variety of business ventures and charitable institutions within the city in which both my family and the Mulsens are involved.  We are sometimes in accord in regards to the manner in which they should be run; there is, at times, a certain level of conflict.  Its a long standing situation.  I trust it has been made clear to you that my sister is not the person who submitted her play to your organization?
I was made aware, she affirmed.  Im not sure that I understand how that all ties together.
I will explain as best I can, he replied, and Ill attempt to keep in the confines of what can reasonably be considered the short version.  Mr. Mulsen and my cousin have had the . . . lets call them the loudest of those conflicts.  It is very important to me that my sister isnt being set up for her work to be used as some sort of a ploy for him to gain leverage and pretend that my cousin owes him some sort of a favor.  In the first place, it wont work.  In the second place, Keely and her work deserve better than that.
I dont know what to say to that.
You dont need to say anything, he insisted.  Im taking your word for it that Briarwood is entering this negotiation for the right reasons.
I know we are, she was quick to offer, but if youre really worried about the possibility . . .
I said I was taking your word for it.  He cut across her incomplete suggestion.
That is a lot of faith to put in someone youve known for a grand total of maybe twenty minutes.
He shrugged.  Im not seeing any reason not to.  Are you telling me that I shouldnt believe you?
No, she answered drawing out the word a bit as if buying time while pondering what words to use to follow up on it.  Im just wondering if you are always this trusting.
Not remotely, he instantly replied.  Its another habit my relatives are trying to break.  You seem like the type of risk that Im comfortable starting out with.
I think Im flattered, she stated despite the uncertainty in her tone.
I think Im making a safe bet, he clarified.  Lets get started.
Alright, she blinked once as if making a mental adjustment to some part of her thinking before holding out a set of papers.  This is a standard contract that we use . . .
She trailed off as she noticed that he was holding up a hand in a stopping gesture instead of reaching out to take the papers from her.
That, he told her, is a very good place for this negotiation to begin.  Im sure that you have a very well thought out standard practice for these situations that your legal team has spent a lot of time and effort creating.  We wont be using it.  I can tell you right now that Ive done my looking for what a typical standard contract of this type contains, and Ive even managed to get hold of a copy of one of the ones that Briarwood generally employs.  I take it that there is only one basic form, he paused for her nod of agreement.
If you are married to the standard contract, then Ill save us both some time and tell you that my sister will not be interested in pursuing further negotiations with you.  If youre open to . . . I started to say modifying, but that really wouldnt be a fair representation of what were looking for.  We will be writing a contract from scratch to ensure the inclusions of certain conditions that are make or break items as far as we are concerned.
Such as . . ., she prompted managing to look wary and intrigued all at the same time.
Ian handed her a copy of their list.

~~~~~
 
I just dont understand why you and Keely -- Im guessing that she is the one this is really coming from -- are being so inflexible about all of this, Claudia was saying a few weeks later while she and Ian were having a meeting to go through a list of changes Briarwood would like to make before moving forward with a stage production of Keelys musical.  Its fiction, Ian.  I dont care if it is loosely based on actual people.  Its a work of fiction that is being produced as a musical.  And dont give me the whole Keely can walk at any time because this wasnt her idea in the first place spiel.  Maybe it wasnt.  But the fact of the matter is that she agreed to go ahead with this.  She leaned toward him in spite of the desk that was providing a barrier between them -- in fact, she used it to rest her hands on with her palms flat against the surface as if she might smack them down in frustration at any moment.  She got those orchestrations back to me so quickly that she had to have been working on them already.  She wants this to happen.  You want this to happen.  Why are you harping on all of these nitpicking little details and making all of this so difficult?
This isnt coming out of left field, Claudia, Ian calmly replied instead of mirroring her own tone of agitation.  We told you up front that we werent completely sold on the idea of this going into production. We had concerns and expectations.  Thats why we insisted on the contract terms that we did, he reminded her.  Briarwood wanted the rights badly enough that they were willing to allow Keely oversight and veto rights despite that not being standard practice.  Are you telling me that thats changed?
Of course it hasnt, she told him as the agitation in her voice was replaced with tiredness.  She stopped leaning on the desk and settled herself into the chair that she had vacated when she had started to move their discussion from discussion to argument.
You also told me that Mr. Mulsen saw something in the way that it was written that was refreshing, Ian continued getting up from his own chair and moving around his desk so that he could sit on the edge closest to her.  His tone remained carefully calm as if he were trying to back her down from the assertion that he was making things difficult.  I think that was the phrase that you used, he finished.
We all saw something in Keelys writing and music that made us want to see this on the stage, Claudia conceded even though the look she was giving him made it clear that she was not following whatever line of thought it was that he was attempting to lead her down.  It wasnt just Mr. Mulsen.  Is that what this is about?  She asked as a flicker of understanding appeared in her eyes.  No one is trying to disparage Keelys work.  There are just some things that are in need of tweaking.
And Keely was happy to listen to suggestions, Ian told her, and I think shes been very willing to act on suggestions when she felt they made sense or were appropriate for the context.  She rewrote some of the transitions to help with the flow of the composition when you asked, didnt she?  He sat quietly and watched the woman in front of him as she seemed to shrink into the chair a little further before she started rubbing at the bridge of her nose.
That isnt the point, Ian, she said as the agitation started creeping back into her tone.  Really, it just underlines how ridiculous what started this whole conversation is.  Were just asking for some of the characterizations to be toned down a bit.  I dont see any reason for that to be such a point of contention.
Its exactly the point, he disagreed.  She has been entirely reasonable whenever someone on your team had a better idea of how to make something work.  Shes never done this before, and shes happy to learn from people who know what they are doing.  Shes been willing to compromise with you on issues of logistics.  He sighed as if he was not looking forward to the reaction that he was likely to get from his next statement.  What no one from your organization does have more experience with is the story that Keely was telling when she wrote this for Abby.  Shes not going to change that story.  There isnt anything to discuss.
This isnt just a story for Abby anymore, she tried despite the clear note of finality that had been discernible in his voice.  This production is for general consumption.  Cant you understand that there may need to be some changes in order to facilitate that?
He looked, for a moment, as if he was going to fire back a sharp retort, but he stopped himself.  His voice, when he spoke, was still within the boundaries of calm.
I have one thing that I want to ask you because were both getting agitated here and the rest of this conversation is about to derail into temper flaring, he told her.  What youve told me all along is that there were a whole group of you over at Briarwood who read this script and walked away enamored with it, right?
Right, she replied as she made an audible effort to reflect back the tone he was employing.  He smiled at her to show that he appreciated that she was trying.
So why is it that your collective first instinct is to change it into something else before you let anyone else have the chance to see it?
Theres a formula that we follow with all of our productions, she started sounding more like she was reciting a rote answer than actually thinking about what she was saying.
But you all liked Keelys work because you thought it was refreshing, he interrupted.  That was the word that you used.   Didnt it ever occur to any of you that the reason that it felt like that was because it broke out of your formula?
I know what youre trying to say, Ian, she told him rubbing at the bridge of her nose again, but thats not how this works.  This isnt about what I like or Mr. Mulsen likes or what anybody else on the staff felt when they read it.  Were still a business even if we are mostly an arts and culture nonprofit.  We dont produce things that we expect nobody to come and see.
So, you dont want anyone else to get the opportunity to see what it was that touched all the rest of you, he concluded.  The words sounded harsh despite the lowered volume in which he uttered them.  I cant decide whether that is snobbish or just cynical.
Okay, all of that aside, because I do understand what you are trying to tell me even though you just dont understand how it all works in this industry, it isnt like Keely wrote a biography of your cousin and you all are sitting around watching someone dissect it and turn it into a work of fiction.  This was already a work of fiction.  It was a caricatured work of fiction that was supposed to be amusing within the confines of your family dynamic, she stressed.  Keely, Abby, you -- all of you cant expect that internal family jokes are going to play out with a general audience the same way they do with the lot of you.  Thats part of why inside jokes are inside jokes.  Its not like the main character in the musical is actually Abby.  Its not like its some sort of true to life portrayal that we are messing up here.
You have obviously never met my cousin Abby, Ian announced breaking out into laughter.
See, she sounded disgusted, I dont even know why youre still teasing about this at this point.  Im trying to be completely serious here.
So am I, he insisted as the laughter died out.  Ill arrange a meeting.
Ian, Claudia sounded as if she were making a last ditch attempt to reason with him.  Keely has her stage counterpart running around as what for all intents and purposes is a toddlers dress up box contents version of a fairy princess complete with magical fairy wand.
Exactly, he agreed.  The ball gown is almost always pink, but she does go through a yellow spell every once in a while.  If you ask her very nicely, she might even let you hold the magical fairy wand.
Youre not kidding.  Claudias hand had been inching up to try to rub away her headache again, but she stopped in mid motion as she looked at him searchingly.
Not at all.  He tried to give her the sincerest look he could manage (which should not have been overly difficult as he was being completely sincere).
Youre telling me that Abby actually acts like this -- not that shes a little eccentric and Keely exaggerated it to match a musical thematic stereotype.
She is a little eccentric, he informed her.  You still dont really believe me, do you?
Do you realize the picture youre drawing for me?
Ive lived it all my life, he told her as if to imply that, of course, he knew exactly what picture he was drawing for her.  What are you doing for dinner tomorrow night?
Huh?
That was articulate, he teased.  She did not smile.  Do you have dinner plans for tomorrow?
No.
Congratulations, he announced, consider yourself formally invited to partake of a McCullough family dinner.
You want me to have dinner with your family, she made the statement seem more like a question.
Just Abby and Rusty and Keely.  And me.  I guess I should specify that instead of assuming that its a given.  You can get a nice solid dose of our particular brand of eccentricity.  Then, maybe youll have a better picture of why this is so personal for all of us.
Okay, she tried as if unsure how to respond to his summing up of the situation.
That sounded slightly less certain than a resounding yes.
Yes, she told him carefully (but she was smiling in spite of her careful tone), I would be happy to join your family for dinner.
Good.
Youre sure its not too late of notice to make this happen?  She asked.
Again, he told her waving off the concern, youve never met Abby.

~~~~~

Youve already conceded the Abby point, Claudie, he was telling her three days after the dinner invitation.  What else is it that you want to know?
You all take this very personally, and I get that it is personal for you.  But, Ive met the whole trio now, and I still think that there is something else behind the attention to detail that youre insisting we let you have.
Fair enough, he bowed his head as if conceding that she was correct.  Youve survived a full blown family dinner occasion with Abby, and I think that qualifies you for full disclosure.  Its the McCullough Family Romance tradition.
The what?
Our Aunt Bren, Abbys mother, was the family story teller, he explained.  Mostly, she used to tell us our family stories -- the immigration stories, the who went out west and who stayed back east, the standard stuff that every family has that most people dont bother to listen to when their grandparents try to tell them.  Those were our bedtime stories and our long car ride stories and the we have to sit in the waiting room for longer than we expected stories of our childhood.  Her specialty was what she called the McCullough Family Romances -- even though a solid chunk of them were about the Sloanes.  When she was gone, Keely became the family story keeper.  He shifted around a bit on the sofa they were sharing as if he was not completely comfortable with what he was telling.
This wasnt just a throw away gift that she made for Abbys wedding.  It just so happens that Keely does her story creation best with her music, and Abbys was the first family romance to happen since Aunt Bren has been gone.  What Keely did with Abbys present was to continue the family tradition of archiving it in her own Keely way.  Its not just a story.  Its not just some music.  Its not even just a record of how Abby and her husband got together.  Its a way of keeping something that Abbys mother left all of us alive.  Its making sure that even though shes gone, the things that she tried to instill in us arent.  Does that make any sense at all?
Thats a lot to take in, but it actually makes the whole thing a lot clearer.  Why didnt you explain all of this at the beginning?
We dont go around telling family stories to just anyone.  Were kind of a closed off little group in a lot of ways.  Things that are personal we try to keep personal.
It didnt take you that much prompting to tell me, she observed.
Im not seeing any reason not to include you in the circle.
Flattery again?
Still just an acknowledgment that I know a safe bet when I see one.
So you might be willing to tell me a story?
You want to hear one of our family romances?  He sounded incredulous.
I like a good story, she informed him.  Its part of why I decided to take Briarwood on as a client.  How about you parents?  You dont talk about them nearly as much as you do about the rest of your family.
My parents arent nearly as entertaining to talk about as the rest of my family.
Is it too prying if I mention that you dont seem close to them the way you are to Keely or Abby?
Observations are never prying; theyre just observations.
Maybe, but sometimes I should keep them to myself.
Keely and Abby are easy to be close to as long as youre willing to let yourself just go with it.  I havent always been.  Neither one of them take particularly well to being micromanaged, and yeah, well, youve met me.  We had a rough patch not all that long ago, but weve worked it out.  The three of us have always been like that -- we have our ups and downs, but we stick together.  My parents arent really ups and downs kind of people.  They are more status quo, lets not get overly emotional, we all love each other but how about everyone does their own thing and well do lunch now and then to update everyone on each others status kind of people.
Im not sure I quite followed that.
Ive lived it my whole life and Im not always sure that I follow it very well either, he shrugged.  Its just how we are.  Youll understand better if you meet them.
Another invitation to meet your family?  She teased him.  Careful there, Ian, a woman could think youre making plans.
So, he ignored her comment, you wanted a story?
Nice topic change, she muttered.  He chose to ignore that as well.  
My parents story is kind of interconnected with Abbys parents story, so Im going to have to back up and start there.
Two stories -- thats even better, she declared settling more comfortably against the cushions.
Are you listening or commentating?  He asked her playfully sliding his leg over to nudge her foot with his own.
Im hushing up right now.
It was January, and it was one of those days where the weather was all iffy.  You know those days where you can just feel all of the moisture in the air and know that its going to start doing something any minute?  Uncle Peter had been home on leave for Christmas, and he was taking a flight out to visit a friend for a couple of days before he had to report back.  Aunt Bren had already started her first business venture.  It was just at that starting to really take off point where youre bending over backwards to try to make sure that the momentum keeps going, and she was doing a lot of traveling around for meetings in consequence.  She had a flight out that day as well.
Uncle Peter was in a taxi already when he spotted a woman trying to flag one down -- suitcase there by her feet -- just as it began to sleet.  He insisted that the driver pull over and pick her up, and the woman (after a touch of initial hesitation when she saw that the taxi was already occupied) agreed to share with him.  It was, of course, my Aunt Bren who was a little standoffish at first because most people just dont do things like insist that their already meter running taxi stop to take on an extra passenger that they dont even know.
It was a little out of the normal, Claudia commented while he took a breath.  I think a lot of women would be wondering what the motive was.
In this particular case, its just the kind of guy that my Uncle Peter was, Ian offered with a small frown.  Its sad that suspicion would have been the common reaction -- probably even more now than it was then -- but I concede that it probably wasnt out of bounds for Aunt Bren to be a little nervous.  Anyway . . . they quickly determined that they were both headed for the airport, so that made the whole ride sharing thing convenient.  I guess Uncle Peter kept up a steady stream of conversation during the whole of the ride that eventually got Aunt Bren over her initial response and willing enough to chitchat back and forth with him.  The ride took a while because the sleet just got worse.  By the time that they actually arrived, everything was delayed because of the weather.  They just sort of kept talking instead of drifting their separate ways, and the conversation changed little by little from the weather to where they were going to why they were going to about them.  They spent seventeen hours together in that airport before the weather cleared enough for the planes to start flying again.
That is a long time to spend talking to a complete stranger.
Maybe, he offered with a shrug.  I cant say that Ive ever tried it.  But Aunt Bren always said that there are some people you meet during your time on this planet that you could talk to forever and never get tired or run out of things to say.  It was like that for them.  She always told us that they were so caught up in the conversation they were having that they forgot to try to sleep.  So, when their flights actually left, they went their separate ways -- tired, Im guessing -- but they had decided that there were still more things that they would like to say to each other.  They traded contact information.  Aunt Bren went on her business trip and came home.  Uncle Peter visited his friend and went back overseas.  They started writing letters back and forth.  They talked about everything and nothing and every possible variation between that its possible to talk about.  They got married the day he flew home.
Stop that, he said suddenly breaking out of the tone he had been using to tell the story.
What?  She asked eyes darting over to find his.
Youre glazing over, he told her waving a hand in her general direction.
Im what?  She asked sounding like she was trying not to laugh at him.
That look in your eyes, he clarified.  Theyre getting all glazed.  I have a sister and a female cousin with whom I grew up.  I know that expression. Youre thinking all kinds of girly thoughts about how romantic the story is and your brain is busy trying to fill in all of the little details.  A few more seconds and you wouldnt have been hearing anything I was saying at all because you would have been too caught up in the pretty little picture of it that you were drawing out in your head.
Im focusing now, she told him raising her hands in a gesture of surrender even though she was visibly biting back a laugh.
They spent three months together being deliriously happy before he went back for another tour, Ian continued in a tone that spoke clearly that the story was about to take a turn.  He didnt make it home again.  He was gone before Abby was born.
Thats tragic, Claudia gasped out.  Ian shrugged his shoulders.
See, he told her sounding like he was struggling for the words.  I can completely understand why you would say that.  I can even understand how it looks like that, but the story was never tragic for us -- not in the way that you are thinking.  He shook his head.  I dont know how to try to explain it to you except to say that my Aunt Bren was the most untragic figure Ive ever encountered in my life.  She was vibrant, a force of nature, and she was so enthusiastic about everything that she did.  Shes really, really hard to put into words.  She built her business from scratch and turned it into multiple businesses.  She built charitable institutions and ran fundraising boards -- not for public relation reasons or because she felt like it was some sort of obligation that she had to keep.  She did it because she loved doing it, and there was always something personal about all of her projects.  She made it all look effortless even though we all knew that it wasnt.  She raised Abby, and she did a whole lot of the raising when it came to Keely and me as well.  She was confident and hard headed when she needed to be, but she, most of all, was content with her life as it was.  It kind of radiated out into everything that she did.  He shrugged again as if he had done his best to find the words but felt that he had somehow come up short.  Its hard to look back at my memories of her and think tragic past, he summarized offering Claudia a wry grin.
She sounds like she was a very special woman, she offered in the quiet voice that seemed to be called for by the moment.  Im guessing that shes very proud of you -- all three of you -- and the way that youve kept everything going.
A troubled look flickered across Ians face for a moment before he seemed to get a handle on whatever emotion he was feeling that caused it to occur.  Speaking for myself, he mumbled, I havent always been the most gracious about taking it on.  He seemed to shake off the sudden downward spiral of his mood.  This is story time.  He declared.  Lets get back to it.
Claudia nodded even though the expression on her face clearly stated that she was wondering what the story behind his mood change was.
Aunt Brens stories were a staple of our childhood, and a disproportionate amount of them were sourced from those letters that she and Uncle Peter wrote back and forth to each other.  I wasnt kidding about that whole everything, nothing, and all that was in between part.  Ive seen them.
Claudia just raised an eyebrow instead of offering a verbal prompt for him to continue.
When Aunt Bren was ill, after it got to the point that she was fairly certain that there wasnt going to be any getting better, she held these one-on-one almost passing the torch type visits with each of us.  We were all still so young that I think part of it was so there wouldnt be any shock when it came to the will.  It was also a sort of private goodbye although I really cant say how well any of us understood that at the time.  Part of Keelys was Aunt Bren giving her all of those letters -- all of the ones that Uncle Peter had sent to her and the ones that she had sent to him that got shipped back to her.  There are even notes that they wrote to each other during the time that he was home -- little things like notes about what to pick up at the grocery store or that said that they would miss each other during the day.  I think Aunt Bren really did keep everything.  He shook his head fondly at the memory.
I remember one of them that Keely showed me once was a note from Aunt Bren to Uncle Peter reminding him that he had an appointment to get his hair cut where she had written that he was getting shaggy-headed, and he had jotted back that she would miss his shaggy hair someday when he went bald.  They are these little pieces of their life together, and anyone would have thought that she would have given them to Abby, right?
Claudia, uncertain whether she was actually supposed to respond or not, settled for nodding her head in agreement.
She told Keely that it didnt matter that she was a musician rather than a writer; she still had the storyteller spark, and Aunt Bren was trusting her to be the family story keeper.  Or something close to that anyway, he stated really looking at her for the first time since he had begun to tell this section of the tale.  Ive never really gotten all of the details out of her -- she always gets teary and choked up if she tries to talk about it.  He blinked.  Im sorry; Im rambling.  I dont usually do that.  You should have cut me off instead of being such a good listener.
I did ask, she reminded him with a soft smile.  I dont think that was rambling at all.  You gave me the honest answer to my original question.  I dont know that theres really any shorter way to help an outsider understand how important this is to Keely and the rest of you.  Im actually kind of wondering why you agreed to work with us at all.
Well, he smiled back, we certainly laid out enough conditions that we were all kind of surprised that you all stuck with us as well.  He made a motion with his finger for her to lean closer and waited for her to do so before stage whispering.  I dont know if you can claim outsider status any longer.  Youre practically drowning in cherished family memories here.  Plus, youve done a whole evening with Abby when she wasnt using her company manners.  We may just have to induct you and be done with it.
Claudia stopped leaning forward so that they were no longer in each others personal space bubbles and rolled her eyes at his antics.  You still havent gotten to the part of your story where your parents come in, she prompted.
Nice change of topic, he commented.
Im just getting things back on track.
Remember the part where I said that Aunt Bren and Uncle Peter got married on the day that he flew home?  He asked her.
Yeah, she answered.  I caught that.
You would think that that meant that they had a simple ceremony at a Justice of the Peace or something like that, wouldnt you?  He continued on before she had the opportunity to reply.  They didnt.  They had a full blown, couple of hundred guests, floral arrangements, five bridesmaids, and a carriage ride from the church to the reception spectacle of a ceremony that makes me cringe just thinking about it, he made a show of shuddering.  Abby definitely came by her flair for the dramatic honestly.  Youre frowning, he said noticing the expression on Claudias face.  Why are you frowning?
Nothing really, she started to say before he raised a disbelieving eyebrow.  Okay, its going to sound silly because Im sure it was a beautiful wedding and all, but wasnt that a little bit chancy?  Planning it for the day he came home?  What if there was a flight delay or he got diverted or there was bad weather somewhere that got his flight canceled?
Thank you!  Ian said a little louder than strictly necessary.  Finally, someone who isnt me actually notices that little detail.  He made sure his voice was at a normal volume before he continued.  I cant answer that question for you because its certainly never made any sense to me.  I asked her that once when I was probably thirteen or so, and she just looked at me like she had no idea what I was talking about.
Claudia shrugged.  Whatever worked for them I guess.
Well, with Uncle Peter out of the country during all of the wedding planning, my dad was sort of his stand in while all of the arrangements were being made.  My mom was Aunt Brens maid of honor and was her shadow during all of the planning as well, so they spent quite a bit of time together.  It wasnt anything as dramatic as Bren and Peter being weathered in at the airport, but they did a lot of talking and got to know each other pretty well while they were doing whatever it is that one does while in the middle of planning a really big and kind of ostentatious wedding and reception.  He offered Claudia what could only be termed a smirk.  You have no idea how weird it is to say what it is that I am about to say about my parents because they are quite possibly the most ploddingly predictable, not impulsive people that you could ever dream of meeting.
Claudia held out her hands as if in a nonverbal equivalent of And? when he paused there.
As soon as they had their siblings out of the reception hall and headed for their honeymoon, they took off themselves and caught the next available flight to Las Vegas.  It turned out that one of the things they had discovered that they had in common was a decided dislike for wedding planning, so they eloped.
The same day?
The same day, he reiterated.  I would happily offer you more details, but I dont know any, he told her.  Neither one of them will talk about it.  If anyone asks, they just say that they went, they got married, and they came home.
Youre serious?  She asked narrowing her eyes at him as if she thought he might be making that part up.
Completely, he assured her.  They even say it in the same tone that they use when they say something like they had dinner with so and so the other day.  They are totally nonchalant about the whole thing.  Guess which part of the family Abby didnt inherit her flair for the dramatic from?

~~~~~

Coffee on Tuesday?  He was asking her as she packed up the last of the papers that had been scattered across the table in front of them.  They had long since given up on having their meetings at either of their offices.  Tonight, there had been just a few last minute details to do with advertising to be signed off on, and they had taken care of it in between bites of take out and smatterings of completely unrelated conversation as they sat on the floor of his living room and leaned back against the couch.
The pretense that they were doing work every time that they met was minimal at best (although there really was something or other to go over or pass between them on nearly every occasion), but they had gotten into the habit of talking to each other and hanging out in the evenings (and had done either dinner or coffee at least four nights a week for the previous month).
Im out of town, she admitted as she snapped her briefcase closed.
Out of town? He repeated as if the words were in a foreign tongue with which he was unfamiliar.
Briarwood isnt my only client, she reminded him.  Some of the others dont keep me as close to home, but this is more of a personal visit.  Im spending three days doing some actual work at a place thats only about five hours from my parents, so I figured I would take advantage of already being so close and take a vacation.
How long are you going to be gone?  He asked feeling as if the words might have come out a little petulant but not taking the time to think about it any further.
About a month, she replied biting her lip and looking a little unsure of herself as she said it.  Ive kind of had this planned for ages.  Theres the initial business trip, then two weeks or so with my folks, and it all gets followed up with a couple of other work commitments before I make my way back.
Oh, he said suddenly very unsure of his footing with the turn the conversation had taken.
Ill be back for opening night, she told him attempting a smile that did not come out looking quite right.  I wouldnt miss it, so I guess thats the next time that Ill see you?
Yeah, he said wondering when his ability to be articulate had vanished.  I guess Ill see you then.  He paused and tried for another complete sentence.  Sometime after youre back . . .
We should do our coffee thing again?   She cut him off.  When we find the time, she hurried to add as if she were afraid she had overstepped some sort of a boundary.  Because were both busy, but its really nice to decompress a bit.
And have someone who appreciates the importance of caffeine to do it with?  He finished for her (finally having regained his command of vocabulary).
Exactly, she agreed.  Well have to make time for that.
We will, he agreed in turn as he walked her to the door.  Keely will want you to sit with us, he told her feeling like he was stalling as she started out.  At the opening, he clarified, unless you have some sort of company commitment.
No, she hurried to say.  It would be great to sit with you.  You know -- especially if thats what Keely wants.
She definitely does.
He nearly banged his head against the door after he closed it behind him after walking her out to her car.  The thoughts running through his head directed inwardly were not very complimentary.  Could he have made that situation any more awkward?  His sister wanted her to sit with them?  How pathetic was that?  When did he turn into an adolescent with his first crush?  This was going to be one very, very long month.
Opening night came more quickly than he had thought it would that night when he was staring at his door and wondering if it was capable of knocking any semblance of sense into his head.  He had been busy.  He had actually been far busier than he had for quite some time.  There had been some issues with one thing and another that had had him running around for a couple of weeks like the proverbial chicken without a head, but things were calming down again and leaving him with some breathing room.
That would normally have been a good thing.  Since even in the midst of his most chaotic days, he had still managed to find time to miss Claudia and their coffee and conversation habit (he had most definitely not been moping as Abby had accused), the extra time now that things were leveling out was only going to give him more time to miss those evenings (miss them, not mope about them).
Tonight though, he was distracted from the fact that he should be seeing Claudia soon by the necessity of trying to keep an increasingly fidgety Keely from coming apart at the seams.  They were in a small office that they had been offered the use of until it was time to find their seats by a thoughtful worker who had noticed him trying to keep his sister from going into a full blown panic attack.
You need to breathe, he told her for what felt like the seventh time in ten minutes.  It did not do any more good than it had the last six times.  She was pacing back and forth despite the restrictions of both the lack of space in the office and the dress that she was wearing.  It was a deep blue with just a touch of shine in it that glinted at him whenever she spun around.  He thought she looked very nice, but she was too nerve wracked to take the compliment.
Why did I do this, Ian?  She asked the first words that she had addressed to him since they had entered the room.  Why did I think that I could do this?
Because you can, he told her putting out a hand to stop her pacing.  Look at me, Keel, its already done.  You wrote something beautiful for Abby and Rusty, and its going to be something beautiful for a lot of other people tonight.  He gave her a warning look.  You arent going to throw up on me tonight, are you?
She broke out of her nerves enough to frown at him at that.  I havent done that since I was four, she chided.
It was your first recital, he reminded her.  This is your first opening night for a musical.  I figure that they are comparable events.
Okay, she told him with an eye roll.  Ill stop freaking out, and I wont throw up on you.
Thats what I wanted to hear, he grinned at her.  Can we go find Abby now?
And Claudia, she told him with a smile that told him she was about to pay him back for the comment about her throwing up.  Shes sitting next to you, she declared.  Then, maybe youll actually enjoy the evening instead of fretting over me the whole time.
Im the big brother; fretting is part of my job.
But, she prompted, you will have a better time once you arent having Claudia withdraw anymore.
Im not having withdraw, he insisted before cowering a bit under the look she was giving him.  Okay, I have missed her being around, but that is hardly the same thing as suffering from withdraw.
His sister shook her head at him, but she was not panicking any longer.  That being the case, Ian was comfortable with the knowledge that he had accomplished his goal -- if he could be as confidant that his soon to occur meeting with Claudia would go as smoothly, he would have felt a lot better about the entire evening.
Abby and Rusty were waiting for them in the lobby.  It would have been nearly impossible to miss them in what was becoming a bit of a crowd for the simple reason that almost everyone who entered the room found their eyes drawn to his cousin without being able to help themselves.  She was wearing a dress that stood out as a bright spot of color in a sea of far more subdued hues.  Coral was the name she had given it when she had insisted on showing it to him on her way home from picking it up a few days before.  It still, he figured, technically counted as her signature pink even though there was a hefty amount of orange mixed in with it.  He did not care enough to try to figure out what exactly the color combination consisted of; he just knew that the overall effect was very, very bright.
Abby had seemed to read the thought off of his face that day in his office and without any prompting on his part had told him Keely will want to fade into the background -- I thought I would indulge her.
It made sense, in an Abby sort of way, he decided as he watched peoples eyes merely skim over his better but still nervous sister in her subdued dark blue.  He had to admit that Abby knew exactly what she was doing on far more occasions than those on which most people (himself included) gave her credit.
Standing talking quietly to Rusty (as Abby busied herself smiling and nodding in response to each curious eye that turned her way) was Claudia.  He felt his heart do a little jolt as it finally hit home that he was actually seeing her again.  It was completely disproportionate to both the amount of time she had been gone and how long he had actually known her, but (in his own head anyway) he had sort of given up on logic when it came to her.
He had told himself that he was behaving like an adolescent with a crush back on that night in his apartment after she had informed him that she was going out of town, and there had been very little in his behavior since to make him reevaluate his opinion on his thought processes and actions.  While he would deny any attempt by his female relations to tell him that he had been moping, he was perfectly ready to concede that he had not been his normal self either.
He did not like not having Claudia around.  That had become clearer to him with every added day of her absence.  The question was (and he had been both looking forward to and dreading finding out in the lead up to this evening) whether or not she felt the same way about the situation.
If outside indication was anything to go by, he was not going to have any luck.  She looked polished and serene standing there in a black dress with the slightest of silver accents (and what was wrong with him that he was taking note of the details of her clothes?) and as if she had never known a single agitated moment in her life.
He, on the other hand, was not feeling anything remotely resembling polished or serene.  If he had been any more agitated over the potential for the evening, he would have exploded (he and Keely were a lot alike in that respect).  He did not think much of that was showing to anyone who was making a casual observation as he guided his sister through the clumps of people visiting before they made their way to their seats.  He was hoping that Claudia would not look quite so much as if she had never given a second thought about not having him around when they got closer.
The honest truth was that he would never be able to tell anyone what sort of pleasantries they all exchanged when he and Keely had finally made their way to their destination.  He could not remember any of them.  He thought he might have said hello to Rusty.  He was pretty sure that he had told Abby (truthfully because somehow his cousin always made her outfits work) that she looked very nice.  He thought he might have managed to get out a lovely in reference to Claudia, but he really had no idea if the word had even come out or he had merely been thinking it.  Keely (he thought, things really were quite fuzzy) had sort of taken charge of the situation and handled the pleasantries and marshaling them all to their seats.
It was probably good for her -- it gave her something constructive to do instead of focusing on her nerves.
All he was really certain about was the look he had caught in Claudias eyes when she had spotted him.  He had had the strangest compulsion to pump his fist in the air and shout yes! (which would have, of course, been completely uncouth and completely not him) that he had had to push back.  The next thing of which he was certain was that he was sitting between his sister and his . . . he did not know what to call her (would not know until he got the chance to talk to her about what he was certain he had read in that expression in her eyes).  The musical was beginning, and he had to remember that he had other obligations besides his personal feelings.  He reached over and took his sisters hand where she was sitting tensely beside him and gave it a squeeze.  She shot him a grateful look and a small smile before turning her eyes to the stage and squeezing back.  It was a small, almost throw away gesture, but he could feel the tension draining off of her after it was completed.
It went well -- the audience responded appropriately, things went as smoothly as an opening night could reasonably be expected to go, and Keely was smiling a real Keely smile by the time the curtain closed.  The fact that Abby was openly sobbing in between exclamations of it was so beautiful was something that he left to Rusty to sort out.  Keely had waved him off in the direction of Claudia (who had excused herself after congratulating Keely to talk to Mr. Mulsen) with a mouthed youll be fine.
He loved his sister.
A little over four hours after Keely had sent him off to talk to Claudia, the latter was napping in the seat beside him on a plane.  Keely would likely have preferred to be included in his current venture, but he suspected that she would not be overly upset with the outcome.  He was understanding his dad in a way that he never had before, and it was an interesting feeling.
Someday, in a teasing moment, Claudia would probably make fun of the less than smooth way he had responded to her saying that she had missed their meetings over coffee by blurting out that they should get married.  He would take the teasing whenever it came.  It would be warranted.  This was not like him.  This was not like her.  None of that mattered.  The only thing that mattered was that she had said yes.

Part Three -- Keely

Keely McCullough was starting to have a serious dislike for the term well-meaning.  It was a new experience for her -- she had spent her life thus far with no feelings in particular about the term but with a generally positive connotation attached to it in her head.  Well-meaning was something that she had even used to describe others on occasion.  It was a term that was used for motivations -- good ones -- even when the execution of the means for acting on those motivations did not necessarily turn out the best.  It was for children who wanted to help clean up in the kitchen and ended up requiring the floor to be mopped in addition.  It was for charitable board members who had heard of such and such a place doing a such and such type fundraiser and thinking that they should do the same without having thought through all of the logistics thereof before asking for approval.
Now, however, Keely was embracing a much darker view of all those considering themselves well-meaning.  It had become the label of choice for her pesky relatives who used it as some sort of safety shield to hide behind as they tried to coerce her into giving them their way.  She had lost track of the number of times she had heard the words from (an equally lost track of number of) people over the last week.
Her brother meant well.  Her cousin meant well.  Why did not she (Keely) humor them?  They were only thinking of her.  They only wanted her to get better (and the highlight of Keelys frustrating conversations over the last few days -- honestly, what kind of person fights so hard against taking a vacation).  It was infuriating.
Ian and Abby had successfully maneuvered themselves into some sort of unassailable position from which they were allowed to make decrees about her plans and life in general under the guise of helpful suggestions all because they had convinced everyone even the most tangentially involved that they were just being well-meaning.  She was never going to casually throw that word around again.  It was going on some sort of a taboo list of things never again to cross her lips (unless, of course, she could find some sort of deliciously ironic way to turn it back around on her sibling and cousin at some point to give them a taste of their own medicine).
The fact that she found herself plotting out intricate scenarios where that would, in fact, be possible was something that Keely found to be a bit disturbing, but one had to make allowances for the level of provocation with which she was dealing.  The two of them were being downright impossible.  She could have dealt with that -- she had dealt with that.  There had been a multitude of occasions during the course of their lives on which one or the other of them was insisting on behaving in a downright impossible manner.  On this particular occasion, they were operating in tandem (a much rarer occurrence) and had somehow managed to drum up an overwhelming display of outside support (a previously unexperienced combination).
It was almost enough to make her nostalgic for the months (not so very long ago) during which the two of them were not really getting along . . . almost . . . playing the middle ground between the two of them had not been high on her list of experiences to repeat either.
Did they not have anything better to do than to meddle with her?  Ian was still a newlywed (and Abby had been married to Rusty for less than a year).  Werent they supposed to still be all caught up in that and safely diverted from adopting the patronizing attitude that the both of them seemed to have adopted toward her in her capacity as youngest in the family?
She was not certain that the word infuriating went far enough.  She was not a baby.  She had been more mature than the both of them combined in some areas for a very long time; she did not need looking after just because they both relished pushing themselves back into the roles of older, wiser relatives.  What she definitely did not need was somebody telling her that she needed to leave her job.  It was ridiculous.
They were overreacting.  She was completely willing to admit that she had made a mistake when she had not taken it as easy as she was supposed to after she got out of the hospital.  The fall on the stairs had been her fault and her fault alone.  If they had wanted to chide her for being foolish or stubborn or whatever they wanted to chide her about, she would have taken it with good grace.  If they had wanted to insist that she stay home for a few more days (maybe a week even) and work from there, she would have nodded and acquiesced and not even grumbled over it.
This, this way that they were reacting, was completely all out of proportion to the situation at hand.  Yes, she had been sick.  Yes, she had spent a couple of days in the hospital.  It was not as though she had contracted some sort of chronic illness that was going to cause her to become fragile -- it had just been a rather nasty bout with pneumonia.  She had been better enough to go home with instructions to rest, and she had made a poor judgment call going in to check on things at the childrens center instead.  Yes, she had suffered a dizzy spell on the stairs.  Yes, she had taken a rather nasty fall.  Yes, she had a broken ankle and a badly sprained wrist.  Yes, she likely deserved a good talking to over the whole thing
That was no reason for everyone to suddenly decide that she was in need of some sort of a leave of absence from . . . well, apparently everything.  One did not take leaves of absence from life.  That was a point that seemed to be escaping all of her well-meaning relations notice.  People took long weekends or two week vacations or developed escapist hobbies when they needed breaks.  They did not quit all of their responsibilities and disappear into the middle of nowhere.
She would also like to point out to them that for two people who insisted that they were deeply concerned about her resting, they had not let her get any during the week since she had fallen.  They seemed to be sending a steady stream of phone calls and visitors her way with what seemed to be no purpose other than trying to guilt/convince/finagle her into deciding to agree with them.  It was underhanded, and it lacked subtlety.  At least when she tried to push one of them into choosing a particular course of action, she opted to be straightforward about it (or she acted in such a manner that they could not tell what she was doing).
She half wondered if a rather significant chunk of how much their efforts bothered her was caused by the inept manner in which they were going about it.  The phone was ringing again.  She would have just let it ring if it were not for the fact that she knew it would likely end with someone showing up on her doorstep to make sure that something else had not happened to her.  She sighed and leaned over to scoop up the cordless phone that rested nearby.
Four days later, she was settled in the backseat of a car as Abbys driver navigated the unfamiliar series of country roads that they were traversing.  Jim, at least, did not seem inclined to treat her as if she was helpless -- he had entrusted her with possession of the maps.  Ian had tried to push a GPS on the other man for use during the trip, but Jim had given him a frown that had had her brother retracting the offer in short order.  It had been nice to see.  Her frowns certainly had not been having any effect on Ian lately.  It was good to know that he was not immune to what other people thought of his suggestions.  She just got that special distinction.  Yay her!  
She shook off that thought.  That was sarcastic and unnecessary.  It may have been under duress (a lot of duress), but she had agreed to this getaway or whatever it was that they wanted to call it (she rather preferred exile).  She should refrain from sulking about it -- particularly when she was still with Jim.  It was not his fault; he did not need to be subjected to her sulking.  If she found some sulking to be necessary, she could do it after she was in this cottage that she was headed toward (she would have plenty of time to indulge).
Right turn here?  Jim asked her even as she was leaning forward to check the number on the cross roads sign.
Yes, she replied.  It looks to be about two miles before the next one, and its the last before we start looking for the lane.
Youll be round about five miles from that little town with the market, Im thinking, Jim offered sounding a bit concerned.
I think thats by design, Keely offered with a grudging smile.  They want me staying put.  No hiking to town on my crutches.
Hmm, was Jims noncommittal reply.  It made her feel warm and fuzzy inside just the same.  She had had a very similar reaction to being told how out in the middle of nowhere she was going to be.  It could have been worse, she reminded herself -- Ian had been lobbying for a beach.  That would have been just lovely what with the cast and the bandages still around her wrist.  Claudia had nixed that train of thought with a well-timed comment that Ian was supposed to be planning a getaway for Keely and not the honeymoon that the two of them still had not taken.  That had had Ian both blushing (something Keely had not witnessed in far too long) and dropping the suggestion.  Keely liked her new sister-in-law (even if she had not helped her get out of this).
Supposedly, Keely decided to continue basking in the possibility of someone who was of the same mind about this whole little adventure that she was.  Everything has been arranged, and I shouldnt trouble myself worrying about the details.
And if you need something?  Jim asked meeting her eyes in the mirror.
I suppose thats one of the details that I shouldnt trouble myself about, she replied rolling her eyes and making Jim chuckle in response as his eyes shifted back to the road.
Its a left next, she told him.
Dont take it too hard, Jim told her.  Their interfering, he clarified.
Keely felt all of the warm fuzzies drain away from her as she braced herself for a return of the well-meaning explanation.
I reckon this is just Miss Abbys way of trying to even things up to you, and I figure your brother might be feeling something of the same.
Beg pardon?  Keely asked him startled a bit by the statement not matching up with her expectations.
Youve been looking after the lot of them since you were a little bitty thing, he explained as if it were obvious to any onlooker that that was the way that it was.  Them and all their business to boot.  Youre the take care of type.  Its what you do, and you went and scared them.
Scared them?  Keely asked mind half focused on listening for the answer to her question and half still focused and considering his previous words and trying to decide if what she did actually qualified as taking care of everyone else.
With you being so sick and then the accident and all, it brought it home to them a bit, I think, about just how much you take care of -- not just the work things that they already know, but how much the two of them depend on you for other things as well.  Jim told her.  Keely could not see the expression on his face (because of the angle), but she could hear the considering tone of his voice under the somewhat halting way he was trying to choose his words.  That sort of thing makes you think.  It makes people all reflective and what not, and Im thinking that the two of them are feeling a bit guilty like.
What do they have to feel guilty about?  Keely asked.
That they havent done much in the way of making you feel appreciated.  Jim concluded as if he had been giving the matter a great deal of thought and was satisfied with the conclusion which he had drawn.
This is supposed to make me feel appreciated?  Keely questioned looking out the window at the great expanses of open fields that should have been considered very pretty but were only registering in her mind as a visual reminder of being cut off from everything that she wanted to be doing.
I dont know that you can fault them much just for not being very good at it.  Jim reasoned sounding like he might be a bit amused by their clumsy attempt at being caregivers.
Ill keep that in mind.  Keely conceded knowing that she was not quite ready to cut them that level of slack.  There was not nearly as much room available for finding the whole thing as something to be viewed as a source of entertainment when you were the one who was the focus of their bumbling attempts.
Its why youre here, isn't it?  He asked (she was very sure that he had caught on to the lack of enthusiasm in her tone).
How so?  She inquired wondering where Jims strange mix of insight and conclusion drawing about motives was going to take them next.
Keely, girl, he told her letting a soft chuckle escape.  Youre as stubborn as they come.  The lot of you are as stubborn as they come, but I think if you were bound and determined that you would out stubborn the both of them.  His eyes flicked to hers in the mirror again while he shook his head a bit as if he were not sure whether that trait of hers was a good thing or not.  And Ive worked for Miss Abby for long enough to know what Im saying about that.  Like I said, taking care is what you do.  Im thinking that you knew that they needed this, and thats what swayed you -- not any of their arguments about what they thought that you needed.
Hmm, was Keelys only reply.  The truth was that she really did not have anything else to offer in response.  She was too busy thinking about what he had said and trying to digest the whole of it.
This our turn?  He interrupted her pondering as they approached a blacktop that jutted off to the left of the road they were currently driving down.
Yep.  She agreed after she had checked the sign against her memory of the road that the map on the seat beside her had indicated was next.
I should have demanded Hannah in exchange for my agreement, she told him as he made the turn.  She settled back against the seat cushions no longer leaning forward to try to catch his eye in the mirror or to make sure that she could see the cross roads as they came.  She could use a vacation.
Mr. Ian did suggest that.  Jim informed her in a tone of voice that Keely recognized as indicating that there was a story to be heard behind those words.  She was leaning forward again before she even realized it.
Did he?  She asked eyes already twinkling at the thought of what Jim might have to tell.  Hannah took being told what she was going to do (by anyone who was not Abby) about as well as Keely had initially responded to the suggestion that she needed to take a leave of absence.  What happened?
It was a rather heated display, Jim acknowledged as Keely bit back a laugh at what she was certain was a rather mild wording for a description of what had likely happened.  Ian was really no match for Hannah in an argument.  It might have been childhood habits carrying over, but her brother tended to obey Hannah like it was an automatic reflex whenever the older woman decided to pull out her voice of command.
Mrs. Leine proceeded to tell the lot of them that while Mr. Rusty is proving most helpful, he is entirely too accommodating of Miss Abbys whims.  That being the case, she wasnt about to let the young people run amuck without a level head in sight to keep them all in line.
Keely let her eyes drift closed as she contemplated the facial expressions of everyone involved.
That would have been priceless to see in person.
It was rather amusing at that.  Jim agreed.
Is Amy still working out well?  She asked realizing that it had been some time since she had checked on the staffing issues that seemed to be a chronic plague on her cousins home.
Yes, maam, he told her without even needing to take the time to think about his answer.  That was a rare occurrence in Keelys experience.  The other help at McCullough Place (meaning Jim and Hannah) often hemmed and hawed a bit before making some noncommittal statement like people being adequate for the moment when asked about one of the new employees (none of them ever remained long enough to be anything other than one of the new employees).  Shes going on four months now.  Mrs. Leine is quite pleased.
Keely nodded her head even though the driver was unlikely to see the motion.  Pleased was probably a massive understatement.  She could not recall anyone making it to the four month mark since somewhere around Abbys twenty-first birthday.  Added to the fact that she had noticed that Hannah was letting the new girl answer the phone, it was a good sign that the revolving door of hired help might be slowing to a stop.
Im just happy that Hannahs gotten to cut back on her hours, she commented.  How much of that was due to Amy working out and how much of that was due to Rusty stepping up and taking care of a lot of the mail and message handling that the woman had been responsible for was something that Keely did not know.  She supposed that it did not really matter so long as the combination was working.
I think that must be it, she said in reference to the gravel drive that they were approaching.  Jim took another right turn.  They followed the fairly straight lane down a small dip and back up again where their destination (or, at least, what Keely assumed must be her destination) became visible.  Jim pulled the car to a halt and cut the engine as they both looked at the little single level cottage with its front door framing flower beds and level to the ground entrance.  (Keely reminded herself that it was thoughtful that they had picked something that did not require her to finagle her crutches up and down any stairs.  Reminding herself of things like that made it easier to not demand that Jim turn them around and drive her directly back to the city.)
Well, the place looks well kept up enough, was her companions choice of comment after they had taken probably two to three minutes sitting in silence just taking in the scene.
I never argued that they dont have good taste, Jim, she reminded.  Just that they shouldnt be doing this kind of deciding for me.
But youre going to make the best of it?  He prodded (and she found herself fighting back a sudden urge to stick out her tongue at him).
Im going to make the best of it, Jim.  She stated instead holding her fingers up in a scouts honor sign.  Ill only spend a couple of days pouting over it all before I put my evil plan of thwarting all of their best laid plans without them noticing that Ive done so into place.
See now, he offered in an encouraging tone, thats the proper attitude to take.  They met each others eyes in the mirror again before the two of them broke into laughter.
I am sorry you had to take so much time to deliver me, Keely apologized after the laughter had died down.
Nonsense, he waved it off.  I havent gotten to take a lengthy drive like this in years.  Besides, when was the last time the two of us have gotten to have a nice, long uninterrupted chat?
I think your granddaughter was still in diapers.  She admitted sounding ashamed to realize it.
Shes finishing off kindergarten presently.  He offered sounding a little surprised that the time had gone by that quickly.
We were overdue, werent we?  She acknowledged.  Im sorry about that.
People are always stepping in to claim your attention, he observed.  It might be nice for you to have a bit of a break from that.
Oh, dont you start, she chided.
Im just saying.
I guess theres no point in stalling, she said with a small sigh as she reached to open her door.
Just so, he agreed.  Lets get you unloaded.
This is actually quite nice, Jim commented as he rolled a suitcase down the small hall and into the bedroom.
It is, Keely agreed as she balanced in the living room and noted the details.  Its bright and cute and well taken care of, and I feel like Im the maiden aunt who just isnt quite right in the head that has been shipped off to the lovely little house in the country out of sight of society in some period novel.
She could not be entirely sure, but she thought she heard a muffled snort from Jim at that.
Look, he announced as he looked over the kitchen on his way back from the bedroom. Theyve got packages for you on the table.
Yay!  She responded.  We feel vaguely guilty but were not going to admit that we feel guilty presents.  What?  She said with an innocent look in response to the frown he was giving her.  I said yay presents.
She made her way to the table and glanced over the offerings in a considering manner.
You open that one, she told Jim as she nudged one of the boxes in his direction.  Ill get this one.
Its a three dimensional puzzle, he announced after a few moments devoted to each of them opening their respective packages.  Mr. Ians contribution if I am guessing.
I would think so, she stated smiling as she showed him the variety pack of teas that the label insisted contained various calming and rest inducing flavors.  This is obviously from Hannah.
She nudged the next package (heavier than the others) toward him and nodded for him to go ahead and open it.  He pulled a shiny, new toaster with a large pink bow wrapped around it from the box and held it up for Keelys inspection.
Abby, they both said at the same time in similarly amused tones.
There are some things in the cabinets, a few cleaning items under the sink, and the refrigerator is stocked with the basic items you might expect, Jim reported after using his time to look over the place when Keely excused herself to use the bathroom.
The note said that all arrangements have been taken care of and that I shouldnt worry about the details, she reminded him holding up the piece of paper that had been next to the packages on the table.  You would think that if they were going to keep expressing the same sentiment over and over that they could at least change up the wording a bit to keep it moderately interesting.
Youre going to sit here all night stewing over what the arrangements might be and when and how theyre going to be carried out and do something extremely control orientated like make a chart detailing how you could make the supplies spread out over the duration of your time here if said arrangements never materialize, arent you?  He inquired.
Yes, I am, she told him with a grin.  You know me well.
A trip to town before I go?  He suggested.
Please.
 So, what are Abbys expectations for this little sojourn in the country?  Keely asked him (deciding to glean any further information possible from her source before he departed) as they finished unloading groceries in the kitchen a couple of hours later.
He gave her an admonishing look that did not slow her down in the least.
Come on, Jim, she prompted.  You and I both know that nothing stays secret in that household -- not from you and Hannah anyway.  Whats she thinking or plotting or whatever it is that shes doing at the moment?
I believe it was something to the effect of your idyllic country pastimes allowing you leisure to inspect potential suitors, choose a consort, and bring him home to be duly installed into his place in the kingdom, he answered her after a moment of reflection.  Miss Abby understands that your decision will be final, but she is hoping for someone of an artistic temperament to take over that aspect of the after school program at the center.
See, Keely felt the frown forming on her face.  Now Im actually worried about whatever these arrangements that theyve made are.
I shouldnt spend too much time on that, Jim reassured her.  Mr. Ian didnt seem to share Miss Abbys sentiments.
I imagine not, Keely said with a small laugh, but Abby can work her way around Ian when she wants to -- oh, well.  Youve got a long drive ahead of you, and Ive got things to organize.  That should keep me busy for at least a half hour.  If you get tired, you stop.  She ordered.  No silliness about needing to drive straight through after how long youve been on the road today.
Ill keep that in mind, he told her in a tone that made it clear that taking such a break was extremely unlikely.  Is everything settled enough for me to be going?  I dont much care for the strandedness of it all.
I dont much care for the strandedness of it all either, but Ill make do, she told him.  Be careful going home.
I always am, Miss Keely.
She propped herself against the doorframe as she waved him off to the dip in the road.  That was that.  She realized that she was not really stranded.  She was not really cut off from anything, but it felt like she was.  Watching Jim disappear as the car moved out of sight felt strangely like watching a train or wagon or dogsled leaving her behind at some remote outpost.  She shook her head and turned herself around to face the small room that the cottages front door opened into with its cheery yellow curtains and comfortable looking love seat.  She was being maudlin, and there was no reason for it.  Ian and Abby might have thrown their weight around and backed her into a corner about going away for a while, but they had also finagled themselves into a position where they could not oversee what she was actually doing.  She had projects to tackle -- quite a few of them actually.  There were no interfering relatives in sight to tell her that she should not be doing this or that, and she intended to take full advantage.
First, however, she had things to put away and a cottage to organize to her satisfaction.  Projects could wait for the morning.  Despite what Abby and Ian thought, she was perfectly capable of prioritizing (and perfectly capable of understanding when she was tired and needed to take a break).  She would finish putting the groceries away, unpack her toiletries in the bathroom, and then she would take herself to bed.  Riding in a car for the majority of the day was something that she found strangely tiring.  Besides, if she had managed her timing correctly, she should be getting a package the next day (or the day after) that was going to render all of the gang up on Keely duos plans and precautions for her appropriate, approved by them resting activities completely moot.
When the knock came the next morning it proved to be not her package being delivered, but a strange man (not that she was expecting to recognize anyone that she knew) waiting on her doorstep.
Could I help you?  She asked cautiously (years of habit causing her to keep the door in a ready to slam shut position of only just far enough to peek out despite the awkwardness of trying to do so while leaning on a crutch).
Im Bryce Sinclair, he offered pausing as if to see if she registered any signs of recognition at the name.  You must be Miss McCullough, he continued when she did not.  Your brother rented the place from my grandma, he offered in explanation.  Im supposed to check in on you every couple of days or so to see if you need anything.
Oh, Keely stated as she hopped backwards to let the door come the rest of the way open.  Please come in.  I wasnt quite sure what form Abbys and Ians arrangements were supposed to take.  She felt her eyes roll before she thought to stop the gesture.  He would not know that it was directed at them and not him.  To her surprise, he laughed.
Yeah, he commented.  I kind of got the impression that this whole thing wasnt really your idea.
Not so much, she admitted (before adding on because she was afraid that might have been potentially offensive).  Its really pretty here, and the cottage is as cute and comfortable as it can be.  Its just not . . .
Where you would have picked to spend the next three months?  He guessed.
Actually, she conceded, I might very well have if I had ever decided that I needed three months to get away from it all.  I just dont do the whole get away from it all thing.
Not a vacation taker?  He inquired looking amused by her admission.
Not at all, she agreed.
So, he asked, how did they get you out here?
Undue amounts of peer pressure, chronic harassment, judicious use of kicked puppy expressions, she listed off, basically an unholy alliance designed to make me feel like a failure of a human being for refusing to accede to their whims.
Ouch, he cringed.  That sounds decidedly painful.
It was, she agreed.  I think I came out on top of the time frame argument though, so they havent completely crushed my spirit just yet.
Arent you here for three months?  He sounded confused.
Oh, I am, she agreed.  Its just that Abby opened the bidding at a year and a day.  Upon noticing the look on his face, she remembered that she was talking to a stranger who was unfamiliar with her familys peculiarities.  Sorry, she offered.  That would actually make sense if you knew my cousin.  Its a thing she says -- quests should take a year and a day.  It doesnt matter, she dismissed and changed the subject.  So, youre here to check to see if I need anything, right?
Yeah, he replied still looking like he was trying to make sense of what she had shared about Abby.  That and introduce myself, he looked as if he had suddenly remembered something.  And to bring you the box.  Just a second.
He went out the door and quickly returned with a box full of books that he placed on the end table next to the love seat.  There was a message that went with those, he added.  Let me think.  Oh yeah, your cousin said to tell you that maybe you should start taking notes when you read those.
Keely looked down at the box that was clearly filled to the brim with romance novels and fought the urge to laugh out loud.  It was such a completely Abby thing to do.
Umm, Bryce muttered sounding as if he very much wanted to ask something but did not think it would be such a good idea.
Go on, Keely prompted him still pushing back the urge to laugh at Abbys present.  What is it that you want to ask?
No, thats okay, he brushed off the invitation.  Dont take this the wrong way, but I think you might be the most interesting renter to ever end up out here.  Your family had a lot of instructions; it was almost like they were dropping off a pet that couldnt speak up for itself.  He frowned.  That came out really wrong.
I didnt take it wrong, she told him.  I know what theyre like.
Your cousin conducted an interrogation on the phone, he mentioned (obviously trying to get the conversation back on a more humorous track).  Since youre here, Im guessing I passed her inspection.
You wouldnt happen to be an artist, would you?  Keely asked him suddenly narrowing her eyes in suspicion.
An artist?  He asked back.  Me?  He gave a self-deprecating chuckle.  Not unless you count the very occasional attempts at amateur photography that Ive been known to dabble in -- and those generally dont end up coming out very well.  He paused for a breath and looked at her with curiosity.  I teach mostly physics at a small college half the state north of here, he explained.  Why?
I was just making sure that my cousin is staying firmly entrenched in the annoyingly manipulative category and not moving into the power hungry dictator section.
Was I supposed to understand any of that?  He questioned after a beat.
Not a bit, she conceded with a wry grin.
Mission accomplished then, he told her.
Thank you for bringing the books by, she told him switching conversational gears, and please tell your grandmother that this place is lovely.
That sounds strangely like a dismissal, he commented.
I should be good for a week at the very least, she assured him.  Probably longer, but I know that Ian and Abby will probably be checking up on you to make sure that youre checking up on me.  Im sure youve got better things to be doing than spending your morning standing around here.
You might be surprised, he told her with a wry grin of his own.  I always spend my summers here to supposedly help out with looking after the rental places and keep my grandmother company.  She spends her summers inventing tasks to get me out from under her feet.  She nearly went giddy at the thought of a renter that she had a legitimate excuse to always be sending me out to check on.  But, the way I hear it, youre supposed to be resting rather than standing on a bad ankle entertaining strangers, so Ill get out of your way.
I wish they would stop painting me as some sort of an invalid, Keely commented with a sigh.
Family worries.  Its a part of the definition, he told her shrugging his shoulders as if he were reminding her of something that ought to be obvious.  You have to be willing to cut them a little bit of slack even when they take it to arguably extreme levels.
Sending me away and hiring me the equivalent of a personal errand runner for the duration because I have a broken ankle counts as only arguably extreme?
Well, there is your arm to take into account as well, he reminded.
Oh, well, she told him in a voice steeped in sarcasm.  That sprained wrist makes all the difference.  They just seem totally reasonable now.
See, he told her echoing her sarcastic tone.  Its all about perspective.  After all, it could have been a year and a day.
Keely laughed and started to reply when she was cut off by the sound of a delivery truck roaring down the drive.  It skidded to a halt (narrowly missing colliding with the bumper of what must be Bryces car if Keelys view through the window was not playing tricks on her eyes due to the angle).  The driver hopped out and quickly stacked two large boxes by the side of the still open door before rapping his knuckles once against the doorframe and unceremoniously holding out the electronic device in his hand and the pen that accompanied it.
Keely (who had moved to the doorway as he was unloading her boxes from the back of the truck) took it, signed for her packages, and handed him back the pen.  He gave her the barest of acknowledging nods and scampered back to his truck -- throwing it into reverse and turning around before tearing off down the gravel with what any observer could tell was more speed than was either necessary or very safe.
Youre getting stuff shipped to you here already?  Bryce asked her sounding surprised by the fact.  Have you even been here for eighteen hours yet?
I may have taken the liberty of sending myself a few things that I wanted to have during my stay, she offered as an explanation.
Would those things happen to be ones that didnt make an appearance on your relatives items that were approved for packing list?  He questioned sounding amused that she had apparently gone to the trouble of finding a way to get around the limits that her brother and cousin had attempted to place on her without picking a direct battle.
However did you guess?  She shot over her shoulder as she made her way to the kitchen and began rifling through the contents of the various drawers.
Im a people reader, he deadpanned before following after her.  Is there something in particular that you are trying to find in there?
I was hoping for a pair of scissors, she replied continuing her search.  Otherwise, Im going to have to go digging through my suitcase to try to figure out what my multi tool has managed to slide between.
You carry a multi tool?
I work at a childrens center, she replied looking up at him from the last of the kitchen drawers.  Its just easier to have a portable set of basic tools on me at all times than to run around trying to find one whenever the occasion arises -- which, in case I didnt put enough emphasis on it the first time, is often because I work at a childrens center.
Bryce held up his hands in mock surrender.  Im not judging, he insisted.  Im impressed.  There arent nearly enough people in the world who understand the importance of having a good quality pocket tool set at your disposal.  Although, yours is apparently not currently at your disposal.  He nodded at the drawer that she was pushing back into place.  In case you havent figured it out yet, you arent likely to find a pair of scissors in there.  Its not one of the kitchen utensils that she usually keeps stocked.
Abby insisted on helping with my packing, Keely told him turning and resting with her back against the cabinet.  Shes less about packing carefully and more about tossing things into bags to be finished.  Im pretty sure that I know which bag its in, but the exactly where part of the equation is anybodys guess.  She shrugged her shoulders.  Its not like I dont need to finish unpacking anyway.
Is anything in there going to melt if it is in the sun for too long?  He inquired turning to look at the boxes still stacked outside of the door.
Keely brushed by him as she made her way in that direction.  If I confess that its contraband, are you going to rat me out?
Im the errand boy, he replied.  Im not the jailer.  Plus, Im intrigued.  What was it that you didnt think you could live without?
Oh, I could live without it, she tossed back.  Im just choosing not to.  She maneuvered out the door and stood over the boxes studying the tape on the top one as if she were weighing the odds of her being able to pull it off with just her fingers.
Do you want some help moving that?  He inquired coming out the door himself.
Thats probably a better idea than unpacking it piece by piece in the yard, she replied smiling up at him.  Thank you.
Im just a full service errand boy, he answered tugging at the first box and getting it up and settled in his arms.  Will the kitchen table work for you?  He asked already heading in that direction.
Thats fine, she replied sounding a little unsure.  Youve kind of gotten stuck on that errand boy thing.  I didnt intend to offend you.
You didnt, he told her setting the first box down and heading back out to grab the second.  Im actually amused.
Im sensing theres a story there, she prompted making sure to stay out of his way.
Youre sensing correctly, he told her placing the second box down next to the first and causing the table to sway just a bit.  They were not light boxes.  Its not the sturdiest of tables, but I think itll be okay as long as we dont add anything else to the pile, he told her after watching it for a moment.  You should probably unpack them sooner over later though -- just in case Im wrong.
Do I get to hear this story?  She inquired instead of responding to his concerns about the potential weight bearing limit of the table.
You might, he equivocated.  Maybe someday.  Right now, you have more pressing matters to attend to, and it just so happens that I know for a fact that my pocket knife is actually located in my pocket -- not in some undisclosed location lost between the folds of a t-shirt or snagged in the cuff of a sock.  Im even willing to share.
I think Im going to like you, Keely told him looking at him with a hard to decipher expression as he held out the pocket knife for her to take.

~~~~~

A keyboard?  He questioned giving a look at her wrist that asked more questions than he had voiced.
I can still play with this hand, she insisted holding up the one that was not bandaged.   And this, she waved the other one, will heal long before Im scheduled to leave.
Their unpacking session had ended with her extending an offer for tea (which they were both sipping at the kitchen table that looked sincerely happy to be no longer suffering under the weight of the electronics that it had been holding).
Dedicated musician?  He asked.
Its who I am, she admitted.  They probably even expected that I would get something to play here sooner or later.  There is no possible way that either one of them believed that I was going to go three months without practicing.
And all of that?  He nodded his head at the computer that now occupied the desk in the living area with a stack of accessories piled beside it.
Some of that is for composing, she explained, but most of it is for the childrens center.  We revamp things every four or five years, and well be due this fall.  Somebody has to do the designs and research our options.
And this is your definition of resting?
There was nothing in either of those boxes that I cannot do while still in my pajamas, so I see no reason for it to not qualify as resting.
Bryce ended up having to mop up the tea that he had spit out when he laughed at her response.  She waved off his apologies.  Yeah, that was completely my fault, she told him.  I think that qualified as oversharing.
So, youre going to spend the next three months sitting in this cottage in your pajamas composing music and doing everything from the research to a proposal draft for a remodeling project?
Thats the plan, she agreed before adding.  At least until this heals up, she gestured at the cast on her ankle.  Then, there will probably be some walking added on to that schedule.  Are there any scenic paths to take around here?
There are actually quite a lot of things to do around here if you know what you are looking for, he answered.
And here I thought Ian and Abby did their level best to make sure that I was completely devoid of options.
I said if you know what you are looking for, he reminded.  Most people who come out here do it specifically for the quiet.  They dont go looking.
Are you offering me inside information?  She inquired.
Are you completely opposed to not following your schedule?  He countered.
I could probably make some time, she conceded.
It was that simple.  Keely found herself with a new friend (and ally against spending her summer lolling on a sofa) that quickly.
Within two weeks, she and Bryce were going on ice cream runs in the closest town every couple of days.  She had a twice weekly standing invitation to eat lunch at his grandmothers (which she enjoyed immensely as Charlotte Sinclair had an extensive collection of antiques with all of the stories to match).  She was holding tools as Bryce made simple repairs around the rental cottages (of which Charlotte had four) and helping to paint trim.
These were my grandparents version of having a hobby farm, he told her in response to her query on the matter one day as she handed him nails while he tacked down a loose front step (her help was completely unnecessary, of course, but she enjoyed the conversations while he did not seem to mind her company) on one of the cottages that had a front porch.  They were supposed to be something for them to mess about with, but they ended up making the right impression on the right people at the right time, and theres been a pretty steady stream of people coming out ever since.  Its never so many that its chaotic, but it keeps her in antique shopping money, he had finished with a grin.
Who does the handyman stuff when you arent around?  She had followed up.
Theres a woman in town that does the turnaround cleaning, and her husband comes up and tackles anything pressing when its needed.  He had replied, and the topic had dropped as they headed out to drive to town to do some errands.
She had found herself sketching out a place to add a science lab in her remodeling plans in the middle of week three after listening to Bryce talk about the classes that he taught.  She had asked for his input and working on designs for A Safe Place was added to the list of things that they did together (along with working on the 3D puzzles that Ian kept sending her and Bryce listening to her play).
She was busier than she was sure that Ian and Abby had ever intended for her to be, but she was sincerely enjoying her summer far more than she had thought she would.  She missed her kids (and she even missed her meddling family), but she was not adrift in a sea of time to be filled as she had feared.
She joined Charlotte for her weekly book club meetings -- something that had caused Bryce to whine about how he never got an invitation until his grandmother had threatened to send him to his room without dessert.  The look of utter shock on the grown mans face had left both women laughing at his expense, but he had dropped his complaints.
As her ankle improved, they added walks to their routine (short ones because Bryce was nearly as overprotective of her injuring herself again as Ian and Abby could have asked for).  They spent every other day doing something or other together, then two out of three days doing something together, and soon were seeing each other for some reason every day -- sometimes because they had made plans and sometimes because they just seemed to drift into each others orbit even when they did not.
Mostly, they talked.  When he was fixing something, they talked.  When they were eating ice cream, they talked.  When they were putting together puzzle pieces, they talked.  When they were drawing layouts for science stations, they talked.  They talked about their families, their jobs, and their lives in general.  They covered a multitude of topics with all of that time spent talking, but they never seemed to run out of subjects.
Keely could not remember a time when she had spent so much time with someone who was not connected to her job.  She did not spend that much time with Ian.  She did not think she actually spent that much time with Abby, and she certainly never talked to Abby about the variety of things about which she talked with Bryce.
She kept telling herself that it was odd.  She told herself that she was latching on to the nearest person because she was not used to being without other people around.  She told herself that she was monopolizing his time.  She told herself that she was taking advantage of the fact that he had promised to look out for her for her family.  None of those things stopped her from heading out the door every time she heard his vehicle coming up the drive.  None of them stopped her from climbing into the car and heading out for ice cream or baking cookies so she would have them on hand to offer with tea when they stayed around her cottage.
Bryce was an integrated part of her life before she even realized it in much the same way that the people at the ice cream shop and grocery store were greeting her by name before she even realized that they recognized her (she even had a spot that was hers in a pew at the church she had opted to attend during her stay by her second visit).
Her cast came off her ankle toward the end of June, and they started taking longer and longer walks.  When he asked her what her plans were for the Fourth, she just looked at him with a raised eyebrow.
Plans?  He repeated.  For the Fourth?
She shrugged her shoulders and made an encompassing gesture with her hands to indicate that she would be doing the same things that she did most days.
Some of your family isnt coming?  He asked.
Im in exile, she reminded with a smirk.
Its a holiday, he informed her as if she might be unaware of that fact.
No one is coming, she assured him.  We grew up in the city, Bryce, she continued.  The Fourth was probably not as much of a hands on celebration for us as it was for you out here.
You have plans now, he declared.
Do I?  She challenged.
You do, he did not back down.  Well go on a picnic and watch the fireworks that the town does.  If youre particularly well-behaved, Ill bring you sparklers.  He joked, but she responded with excitement at the prospect.
Like on fire but you still get to hold it in your hand?  That type of sparkler?  She asked.
Please tell me that youre kidding, he said watching her carefully.
Not at all, she replied.  Is it that depressing?
Youve really never used sparklers?
She shook her head.  We always get some of those throw on the ground things that pop for the kids at the center to play with, but thats as much as Ive ever been able to get approval for.
What about when you were a kid?  He asked.  Didnt you ever do fireworks?
Just the popper things at the center, she said.  We watched our fireworks on television or at the citys display.  Its like I said -- it wasnt a hands on thing for us.  It was always stressed that running around with objects designed to catch on fire in an apartment building was a bad idea.
I guess I can see that, he conceded.  Its just weird to me.  Its hard to imagine my childhood without fireworks.
There were fireworks, she defended.  We just werent the ones setting them off, and they were at a distance.
I think we can rectify that.
I think Ill like that.
He picked her up in the middle of the afternoon on July 4th and double checked that her ankle (which had been sore upon occasion as she adjusted to being castless) was in good shape (as if she would have told him if it had been sore given how excited she was about what she kept calling their fieldtrip).  They had driven down a series of roads that she was sure that she did not recognize before he pulled over and told her that it was time for the hiking portion of their adventure to begin.  Twenty minutes later he was spreading out a blanket from a basket (that he had insisted on carrying himself along with a mysterious backpack that he refused to hand over) in an open grassy area that he informed her was his viewing spot for the towns yearly activities.
Why didnt Charlotte come?  She asked wondering if she had gotten in the way of a family tradition.
He snorted.  Yeah, he told her.  I said it was my spot, and I meant that.  Grandma doesnt hike.  She also doesnt get any closer to the fireworks than her front porch -- meaning that she doesnt watch them at all.  Shes always said that the noise bothers her.  She tolerated a certain level when I was a kid, but it was always appreciated if I took my lights and noise out of range.
Noise?  She asked sounding hopeful.
Youre worse than a kid, he admonished without sounding as if he were too put out by it.
He slipped the backpack off of his shoulders and started pulling items out of it -- starting with firecrackers.
There was plenty of noise, and Keely enjoyed every minute of it.  They ate the things Bryce had packed for their picnic while they waited for it to get dark enough after they had exhausted his supply of daytime items (including a pack of parachutes that they had chased across the field).
She kept asking about the sparklers until he finally caved at just past dusk (even though he tried to tell her that it would be better if it were darker).  They were better than she had imagined.  They twinkled and sparked and were altogether delightful.  Bryce laughed at her, but she did not care.  He was using them right along with her despite his laughter.
They settled onto the blanket after they had cleaned up their mess.  Bryce squinted at his watch and shook his head at her.  I told you that you were using the sparklers too early, he admonished.  Weve got about ten minutes to wait before they start shooting off the bigger things in town that well be able to see from here.
She shrugged.
Did you have fun?  He asked sounding uncharacteristically unsure of himself.
She looked at him like she was doubting his mental competency at the moment.  Were you not present for the last couple of hours?  She inquired.
I was just checking, he told her before his tone turned less serious.  I dont think you understand how much pressure is involved in being responsible for someones first hands on Fourth of July experience.
No worries, she told him.  Today has been great.  Thank you.
It was his turn to shrug.  Everyone should have sparkler memories, he insisted.  Even if they act like they are nearly twenty years younger than they actually are when they are making them.
She rolled her eyes at him but doubted whether he actually saw it given the dimming light.  He leaned closer to her.
Did you just roll your eyes at me?  He asked trying to sound affronted.
Maybe?  She replied leaning closer to him in turn.  Do you have a problem with that?
He did not answer.  Something had shifted between them in the midst of the moment, and they both went silent.  They did not speak.  They did not move.  Keely did not think either of them was even blinking.  She did not even realize that she had started the process of leaning closer until she noticed that he was doing the same.  A thousand different thoughts scrolled through her head so quickly that she could not manage to latch on to any of them for more than a fleeting moment.  What were they doing?  What was he thinking?  What was she thinking?  Was he going to kiss her?  He was going to kiss her.  He was going to kiss her (that thought managed to repeat).  Was she going to let him kiss her?  Should she let him kiss her?  Should he be trying to kiss her?
Her thoughts were cut off at that juncture (not by Bryce kissing her) by a loud crackling noise that made them both jump away from each other in surprise.  The larger fireworks had started, and the sky was being painted with a variety of bright, sparkling colors in arcs and lines.  Her heart was racing, but it was not because she had been startled.  She looked over at Bryce, but he was watching the fireworks as if his life depended on his focus.  She started to say something, but she changed her mind.  What could she say that would not make things more awkward than they apparently already were?  She settled in to watch the fireworks, but she found that she had very little recollection of what they had been like when she tried to recall it for a phone conversation with Abby the next day.  Other thoughts had superseded paying attention (and she thought there had been more silence between herself and Bryce during the trip back to his car and subsequent drive home than the totality of quiet between them on all of their previous meetings put together).
She fended off Abbys questions about her evening with general comments about the fireworks being louder up close (and kept herself from saying anything that might clue her cousin in to the fact that she and Bryce had been off by themselves rather than in the middle of a town celebration) and that they had had a wide variety of things on display.  She was sure that Abby heard in her voice that she was fretting about something, but the other woman graciously did not push for answers -- it was part of their agreement for Keelys time away.  She went to do her resting, and Ian and Abby were not allowed to pester her about anything for the duration.
She and Bryce never spoke about the picnic.  They did not talk about what had almost happened.  They never even mentioned the fireworks or that they had had a good time on the day in question.  It was as if by some collective, unspoken agreement, they had marked their shared memories of the day as off limits for discussion or even mention.  They were, Keely noticed the next week when they had gone for a longer hike and stopped to eat the lunch that she had packed for them, even avoiding the use of the word.  They were stopping to eat.  They were not picnicking.  She contemplated the whys of their behavior and could not come up with any solid explanation for it.  Then, she told herself to let it go.  If he did not want to talk about it, they would not talk about it.  They were having such a nice summer.  There was no reason to make everything awkward just because she thought she wanted things spelled out for her instead of being able to take a hint.
Things moved back to their normal.  The longer they went without a mention of the incident, the more it seemed like the normal thing to do to not mention it.  They walked and visited Charlotte.  They went back to their puzzles and putting the final touches on her remodeling proposal.  They were quieter for the first few days, but they began to talk again.  Their routine went back to what it had been before, and Keely had herself half convinced that she had imagined the whole thing in the first place.
Talking about the picnic would make things complicated.  Thinking about the picnic would make things complicated.  Things did not need to be complicated.  Things could remain simple for the rest of the summer where she had a friend with whom she could converse on any topic imaginable (save one).  She was not going to meddle with that.  It would be a lie to say that she forgot about it (because it was not something which even the most determined of individuals could manage to forget), but she did manage to put it to the side (so that it was not lurking in the back of every thought she had while she was in his presence) so that she no longer felt like she was overanalyzing everything that passed between them (which she had been doing the first few days with no result except for a lot of disappointment and confusion on her part).
They were okay again despite her fears that the unnatural silence between them from the ride home that night would continue, and she learned to be okay again as they went about their day to day dealings with each other.  The summer went on, and the days of her time at the Sinclair Cottage counted down in a manner that seemed to speed up on her with each and every passing day.
July ended the way it had begun (with the two of them spending nearly every day seeing each other in one capacity or another), but August brought talk of returning to work to the forefront of their conversational topics.  Somehow, they managed to converse on the matter without ever alluding to the fact that they would be saying goodbye to each other before the things that they spoke about came to be.  The days slipped away, and it was the last day before he returned to his teaching job for the semester before either of them had made the time (or effort) to get around to talking about the fact that their days spent with each other were drawing to a close.

~~~~~

Are you sure you dont need me to haul any of that for you before I go?
Nothing broken, she reminded him holding out her ankle.  Nothing sprained, she held up her wrist.  Ive been perfectly functional for weeks now.  I can manage to pack.  Dont you have some packing of your own to be doing?
Not really, he informed her still letting his eyes dart around the room as if he had his suspicions on the advisability of the solo nature of the project she would be tackling.  Everything major is finished and waiting to be loaded into the car.
Well, I have a whole week to pack up this lot, she stated.  I dont think its going to be a problem.  Thank you for the offer though.
Youre welcome to come to dinner tonight, he blurted out after things had settled into a somewhat awkward silence between the two of them.
I appreciate the invitation, she smiled, but I think Ive crashed enough together time between the two of you these last few months.  Enjoy having your end of summer dinner with just the two of you.  Tell Charlotte Ill see her for lunch the day after tomorrow.
No dinner, he said in a tone that seemed to carry more finality than the words warranted.  He brightened after a few seconds.  Well, if you arent coming to dinner and insist that you dont need help packing all the stuff youve managed to accumulate here, then how about one last run for ice cream?
Id like that, she replied.  The tension of the pending goodbye evaporated instantly as they slipped back into familiar territory.  They had been going for ice cream runs since days after they first met.  It was not going to change anything.  Keely knew that.  The goodbye was not going anywhere.  It was still looming, but a couple of hours more of just hanging out together talking would not hurt anything.
Three hours later, she was standing in the doorway watching his car disappear down the drive for what she knew would be the last time with a business card he had thrust in her hand as he made his way out (almost as if it had been an afterthought) held between her fingers and feeling oddly numb.  It was almost as if something had been drained out of her -- all of the things unspoken between the two of them that she had tried to ignore or had glossed over had missed their moment.  She had let them miss their moment, but she reminded herself that he obviously did not feel the same way.  (Did that aspect of the situation even allow for it to still be considered missing the moment?)
It left her tired, and she let herself make her way to the bedroom where she dropped down on the bed and just stayed still.  In about thirteen hours, Bryce would be on his way back to his regular life.  In another week, she would be on her way back to hers.  That their regular lives did not include each other was a thought that did not make Keely any more inclined to bother getting up from the bed, so she continued where she was.  She stayed there the rest of the evening drifting between sleeping and waking and trying not to do much in the way of thinking.
I dont generally mix much with the renters, Charlotte told her over slices of angel food cake with strawberries as their lunch was winding down.  Bryce had told Keely the same when she had asked earlier in the summer when she had still been trying to determine just how much extra her brother and cousin had asked the Sinclairs to do for her.  Dont look like that, dear, the older woman admonished her as if she knew what it was that Keely was thinking.  (A suspicion on her part which was confirmed as Charlotte continued.)  I always extend an invitation for one dinner, she told her.  Nine out of ten dont accept it.  Most of the ones that do are itching to get out the door before the dishes are cleared.  Ive never paid it much mind.  People come out here for their own reasons that dont often involve keeping company with old ladies.  She paused to offer Keely a wink.  There are exceptions, of course, she went on, There are a couple of pairs near my age who come back every fall that I always catch up with and three or four of the children whose parents bring them out for Christmas break who like to come by and peer at my pretties.  She indicated the antiques scattered around the room with a turn of her hand.  If were making a run to the city, we always let the longer stayers know so we can pick things up for them if they need it.  But, as the rule, the renters do their thing, and we do ours.  The arrangements for you included some checking on and running some errands if you needed it.  We kept having you around because I like you, she assured and teased her simultaneously.  Even if I hadnt, she gave Keely another wink, I would have put up with you since my grandson was so taken.
When Keely did not respond to that, Charlotte clucked her tongue at her.  Willfully ignorant, she chided in an undertone.  The both of you are willfully ignorant.  Just mind you dont stay that way for too long.
Ill be driving you in when its time for you to leave, she announced changing the topic abruptly.
Thats very kind of you, Keely told her still trying to pull her head out of the muddle that the allusions to Bryce had put it in, but I couldnt ask you to do that.
You arent doing any asking, Charlotte reminded her.  Im telling you thats what Im going to do.
Keely swallowed the last bite of her cake and started to gather the dishes together smiling at the other woman so she would know that she was not going to argue about accepting the ride.
See now, the lady said as she handed her a fork to add to the pile.  Thats just another reason that it was a good idea to keep you around.
Keely did not know if that was intended as a reference to her clearing of the dishes or the fact that she had ceded to Charlottes decree, and she decided not to ask for clarification.
She was leaving the cottage in the same state in which she had found it, but it felt all wrong for some reason on which she could not quite manage to put her finger.  The last of the boxes (which, of course, contained the keyboard because she had kept it unpacked for as long as possible) had been taped up the morning before and sent off with the others the previous afternoon.  She had left out only the overnight essentials and a few things for the trip home which left her with enough space in her messenger bag for any odds and ends that she might discover on her last check before leaving.  She was antsy, and she had checked over the place three times when she finally figured out why the sense of wrongness she felt looking over the rooms seemed so familiar.
She had felt the same the final time she had packed up her dorm room in college.  The furniture had still been there, but the room had been stripped of anything that was her.  It had been disconcerting to be standing there waiting for the CA to sign off on her housing contract and take back her key knowing that a chapter of her life was closing (and that there would be no going back).  It was bizarre that she would be feeling the same way over the end of what was essentially (forced or not) a vacation.  Her attempts to tell herself that she was being silly or that the cottage would still be there if she ever decided that she wanted to make the trip again were not working, so she distracted herself (or tried to do so) by checking everything over one more time.
Everything was still where it should be, so she sat herself in one of the kitchen chairs and tried to shake off the nagging feeling that she was forgetting something.  There was no reason for her to be feeling that way.  She knew good and well that there was nothing that she was forgetting -- she was just ignoring something, and she was going to continue to ignore it no matter how many nagging feelings plagued her.  She knew exactly why she felt she was closing the door on a chapter of her life, but she was not going to dwell on it or wonder about it or ponder over what ifs and maybes.  She was not.
The problem with that plan being that sitting in the relatively empty cottage staring at the kitchen table where they had originally bonded over the importance of carrying tools was not turning out to be conducive to the line of thought (pretty much any line of thought) that would lead her away from that.
When the sound of Charlottes car coming up the drive reached her from the open door and shook her out of her unwanted reflectiveness, she was up out of the chair with the messenger bag slung over her shoulder and the door pulled closed behind her before the other woman had come to a stop.

~~~~~

She took the train home.  Abby had wanted to send Jim to fetch her, but it was a disagreement in which Keely carried her point with her cousin.  She was no longer injured, and she was shipping almost all of her things back home.  Besides, she had not been on a train since she was a little girl, and she saw no reason why she should not indulge the whim.
It was Claudia who met her at the station (ostensibly she had planned to take a taxi, but she had figured that Abbys forbearance in giving in would end with the completion of her ride and had fully expected to see Jim on the platform waiting for her).
You got a tan, was her sister-in-laws first comment after the women had hugged each other.
If my brother would take you on your beach trip, you might get one of your own, was Keelys teasing response.
Claudia wrinkled up her nose.  I dont tan, she told her.  I go straight from pale to lobster with very few gradations of red in between.  Ill have to use an entire suitcase for sunscreen in November.
November?  Keely questioned looking at her hopefully.
Weve both cleared our schedules for a ten day stretch, Claudia confirmed.
Thats great!
No distracting me, she admonished.  I have specific instructions to find out whether you had a nice enough time that youve forgiven Ian.
Keely rolled her eyes.  He can be so ridiculous.  If hes waiting for me to say that I dont resent how high handed he and Abby were about the whole thing, it isnt going to happen.  She looked at Claudia with a confused expression.  Did they send you to be the sacrificial lamb and face my wrath?
Claudia laughed.  Hardly.  I had a couple free hours, and I volunteered.  I think we all know you better than to expect wrath, Keely.  Besides, if you hated it, you could have come home ages ago.  You werent being held prisoner.  Keely shrugged.
I did agree on a time frame.
The three of you . . ., Claudia trailed off rolling her eyes.  You had a good time, she observed.  I can tell.
Keely nodded.  I had a better time than I expected.
Did this better time lead to you sneaking in less work than you planned on getting finished?
Keely smiled at her.  You learned our family dynamic really quickly.  Has anyone mentioned that to you?
Claudia smiled back and raised an eyebrow to remind her that she had not answered the question.
No, Keely answered, it didnt.  I actually had some help getting some of that work cleared away, so it all evened out.
Story?
Maybe after Ive reacclimated.
Lets get you home.
Actually, I was hoping to stop by work -- just to peek in.  I wont stay long.  Ive got to get home sorted before I get back to full days tomorrow.
She kept her word about just peeking in at the center.  She spoke to the volunteer who was working the front desk for a few minutes, checked to see what was waiting for her on her desk, and stopped to exchange a quick greeting with Rusty (who told her that he was glad to have her back and mentioned that Abby was at a luncheon for a club that was making their yearly donation to A Safe Place that day).  School had started up that week, so it was easy to not get caught by any children in the halls.  (The only ones present were the preschoolers who were not given the same license to wander at will as the older visitors were.) 
She and Claudia were in and out in just under twenty minutes, and her sister-in-law delivered her to her apartment after reminding her that they had family dinner plans that evening.  Keely reassured her that she was not too tired from traveling and waved her on her way.  Her mailed packages were not supposed to start arriving until the next day, so she took care of unpacking the small bag she had with her while noticing that someone (probably Hannah) had arranged to have someone come over and air out the place on top of doing some dusting.  Without anything to do but wait until it was time to go to dinner, she found herself at a bit of a loss.  Her CD collection, her books on their shelves, and even her piano (in short all her usual downtime activities) failed to maintain her attention.  She decided that she must be more tired than she had thought -- even the best of keyboards could not compete with her piano.  She had expected that she would be hard pressed to tear herself away from it when she got back to it, but she found that she did not feel like doing much beyond running a hand over the keys.  She tried to take a nap, but she was not a napper by nature.  The sound of cars going by seemed overly loud and did not help the restlessness she was feeling.
She did not make it all the way in to the penthouse before she found herself enveloped in a cloud of pink that nearly lifted her off of her feet after letting out a squeal of excitement.  She found herself thinking (fondly rather than in irritation) that anyone viewing the excitement would think that she had taken off to parts unknown before finally returning to her bereaved of her presence cousin.  They would never suspect that Abby had been one of the main instigators of her prolonged absence.  She did not comment.  She merely hugged Abby back until the other woman loosened her grip and surveyed her at arms length.
You look splendid and rested and well, Abby announced before frowning at her.  You were working, she accused.
You surmised that from me looking rested?  She questioned with a small laugh.
If you hadnt completed any tasks during your quest, she declared, you would look frantic to get back to it.  Keely could not argue with that.
Are we going inside?  She asked.
Of course we are.  Abby rolled her eyes.  I wanted two minutes together of you all to myself.  Her face turned serious.  I missed you, Keely, she told her hugging her again.
I missed you as well, Keely conceded and allowed herself to be pulled through the door.
Abby was in full whirlwind mode the entirety of the evening -- with the single exception of the few minutes that Keely managed to sneak away to speak to Hannah, her cousin completely monopolized her time.  She was barely allowed a quick hug with Ian (one during which no words were exchanged) before Abby was pulling her to the dining room chattering away so that no one else could get a word in edgewise.
When she did draw breath, it was only to give Keely an opportunity to answer a question that Abby had posed to her.  She had to wait until Abby dismissed them all for the night before she actually got to speak to Ian.  Claudia asked if she would drop her brother at home as she needed to go pick some things up from her office and did not think he needed to tag along.  It was a clumsy way to arrange for the siblings to have privacy, but it worked.  She and Ian were alone and trapped in the confines of her car, but they were both strangely silent.
Are we agreeing to disagree on this one?  He finally asked as she made the final turn of his section of their drive.  Keely considered for a moment.  Was there really anything constructive for her to say?
Yes, she agreed pulling the car over at their destination (or as close to it as she could currently get).
I am glad to have you back, he offered.  Its been kind of crazy without you.
She raised an eyebrow as if to ask whose fault he thought that was.  Yeah, yeah, he mumbled, I know.  He reached over and ruffled her hair the way he had made a habit of when they were children.  Have fun tomorrow, he told her opening the door and climbing out.
Oh, I will, she assured him as he closed it.  She was looking forward to it.  She was going to be back with her children.
She had a fairly quiet morning.  She had not slept well, so the quiet was appreciated to an extent.  Simultaneously, it meant that her center was mostly empty.  It struck her forcefully that she had missed the entire summer season with the children.  She could not seem to get settled in her office.  She ended up spending most of the day hanging around the preschoolers and getting caught up on a maintenance rundown with Rusty.
She was in the music room when the after school flood arrived.  Apparently, Mary at the front desk had given up her location because the sound in the hall resembled what she imagined a herd of gazelles stampeding in her direction might have sounded like.  There was some sort of group halt at the doorway before a cry of Miss Keely! uttered in the same tone usually used to holler Princess Sequoyah! was let out.  Immediately after, she found herself engulfed in a swarm of little arms and excited voices.  She was crying before the last child cleared the door.
She was home.

~~~~~

She made it two weeks before she admitted that it just was not working.  She was back in her routine, and she was not necessarily unhappy.  What she was was restless and missing something (or rather someone).  She had wonderful days with her children, she was back to composing on her piano, and she was doing the rounds of her responsibilities with as much efficiency and enjoyment as she always had.
None of that changed the fact that she kept finding herself thinking of things to say to Bryce or of things she wanted to show to Bryce or of places she wanted to go to with Bryce.  It was as if her brain had shorted our somehow and all connections led back to her summer companion.
Now, she just had to figure out what to do about it.  She vacillated for another week, picked up the phone at least twenty times, put it down as she reminded herself that he had not called her, and restarted her mental debate.
It culminated in her pulling her stationery set (that she used so seldom that it was the same set that her Aunt Bren had last purchased for her) from her desk.  She used more of it in start and discard sequences than she had in the previous two years together, but she finally kept at one until it resembled something like an expression of her thoughts (though she was unwilling to vouch for its coherency).

Dear Bryce,
Ive settled in nicely back to my lifes version of normal.  Ian and Abby fussed over me and looked me over as if they expected crutches and cast to still be firmly in place.  Claudia welcomed me back a little more quietly, and Rusty (more quietly still) told me that it was good to have me home.  They all look and seem well, and Im starting to think that newly married glow isnt going to fade.  Its just going to evolve into a happily married, contented aura and stick with them forever.
Nothing fell to pieces during the course of my absence (which leaves me relieved and humbled all at the same time).  I was, I confess, half afraid that the children would all have forgotten me while I was away, but that does not seem to be the case.  They trooped in after school my first day back, and we had a grand time crying (me), laughing (them), hugging (all of us), and talking so quickly that Im not certain if we really even caught one word in three as we rushed to catch each other up on all of the goings on of our respective summers.  It was wonderful and chaotic and just so very the childrens center that I couldnt keep myself from tearing up.
I had a lovely (and in so many ways) picture perfect summer away, but I missed my children.  Its good to have them back.  There are some new faces in the group (I am sure they were convinced that we had all gone crazy during the initial Miss Keely is back frenzy), but Im getting to know them as well -- one of the younger ones worked up the nerve the other day to ask if everyone had to cry all the time because they went on be-kay-tion.
Its so odd, Bryce, how easily even familiar things can become strange with just a little bit of distance.  The fact that I have been away for so long hits me at the most random moments.  Ive never really thought about the way the traffic sounds outside of my apartment before.  The sound of the traffic has always just been there.  Its been a part of the soundtrack playing in the background of my life all of my days.  Ive never found a reason to really notice that it was there; Ive never paid attention to it at all.  I spent hours my first night back awake in the dark listening to the sound of cars going by down below and wondering why it had never seemed so easy to hear before.  The answer to that, of course, is because I was used to it, and I didnt have any frame of reference for background noise sounding any other way.  After three months at the cottage, I was used to different night noises -- crickets and frogs and the breeze stirring the wind chimes your grandmother has hanging in that tree in the backyard.
I had some time on my first official day back at work (before the inundation of welcome back greetings began) that was supposed to be spent getting my office back the way I like it.  That didnt happen.  I spent, instead, nearly an entire hour shifting back and forth in my desk chair wondering what was wrong with me that I couldnt settle down and get to work before I realized that it was because the back of the chair is straight up and down instead of inclined like the one at the desk in the cottage.
This whole letter probably seems like an exercise in rambling on my part in addition to being awfully rude.  All I have managed is to talk about me.  I havent asked about how your fall semester is going or if you always feel like its a major transition when you go back and forth between your grandmothers place and the college.  I havent inquired about your grandmothers health or if you have any students this year with a particular aptitude for your subjects.  (All of those things, by the way, are, in fact, things that I would like to know.)
Im doing this very badly, but there is something that I am trying to say with all of this.  Just in that odd way that familiar things can become strange -- previously strange, unknown things can become familiar.  They creep up on you leaving you to forget what it was like to be without them.  Then, you find yourself without them once again and you have to make a choice.  You can relearn what it was like before.  You can give them up and make yourself be satisfied with the memory of what it was like to have had them for that very little while.  Or, you can decide that you dont want to give them up at all (at least not without an attempt at trying to keep them).  Ive decided on the latter.
Im making a horrible muddle of this.  Its never been more obvious in my life that without musical accompaniment I am hopeless as a writer.  Im tempted to tear this up and start again, but Im already on attempt number four (maybe I should have gone for a song instead).  They arent getting any better.  In fact, I think theyre getting more confused the longer I keep at it.  So, Im just going to come right out and bluntly make my point (knowing full well that I may have lost you several hundred words ago).
I miss you, Bryce.
At least a dozen times a day, I find myself thinking I need to tell Bryce or what would Bryce or something similar.  Being around you, talking to you, and you in general are woven into my life now, and I dont want to undo that inclusion.  And, I find, I dont know what to say after confessing that, so Im going to end this letter instead of putting us both through me struggling for some appropriate words with which to finish.
Keely

Keely second guessed herself throughout the entire process of getting her letter from her desk into the actual mail.  She almost tore it in half while she was folding it -- only the fact that she had already tried (and, in her opinion, failed) to write the same letter so many times before stopped her.  (This one, at least, had made it all the way to completion.)  Her hand shook as she was addressing the envelope.  This was a letter -- what had she been thinking?  Who wrote letters?  What decade was she living in here?  Normal people used phones and email.  They did not send snail mail.  They did not ambush people with unexpected confessions of affection on paper.  They talked to each other face to face or something, anything other than what she was doing.  She put the stamp on it anyway.  She took a long walk to the nearest post office and turned around twice on her way there (making an already long walk even longer).  She put it in the out of town drop box and had to pull back her hand that had started to creep toward the opening in a futile attempt to get it back.
She tried not to think about the letter after it was in the mail, but she lacked success in that endeavor.  It was a good thing for her mental state that it was only five days before she received a reply which (to her surprise) also came in letter form.

Dear Keely,
You will be pleased to hear, I think, that my grandmother is as feisty as ever.  She would enjoy hearing from you if you can find the time.  She enjoys what she calls the hold-on-to-ness of letters.
This, on the other hand, is a first for me, Keely.  I dont think I have written an actual put pen to paper and send it through the mail letter in the entire course of my adult life.  Im not so far into it, but I think Im appreciating the format.  Theres something soothing about this whole sitting down in front of a blank piece of paper and letting your thoughts resolve themselves into communicable strands with which to fill it.
The semester is off to its usual start with swarms of students who were all convinced that they just had to get into course x, y, or z a few short months ago now desperately fleeing and attempting to redesign their schedules to get themselves out of said courses.  Hanging around the area outside the registrars office the first week of any new semester is a lot like watching the denizens of an anthill after someone has kicked at it.  The panicked look on some of their faces as they scurry through the door is pretty priceless.
As for new students of particular interest, the semester is young yet, so I may end up taken by surprise.  Im just seeing the usual crop of kids for whom science courses are a means to an end with a sprinkling of those who genuinely enjoy the subject.  No one has drawn attention to themselves as a sparkling example of brilliance in the area.
I do have a freshmen (one who is not taking any of my courses I might add) who has taken to cornering me in various places around campus with a variety of questions about various topics pertaining to theoretical physics.  I certainly dont mind answering questions (or trying to explain complex ideas), but I always have the strangest feeling after I have spoken with him (particularly when I give him an answer that I can tell is not the one that he wanted to hear) that he is plotting out some attempt at creating some sort of time travel apparatus.  We may have a potential fire hazard in a dorm room situation on our hands; Ill have to keep an eye out.
Its funny that you should ask about how I transition back and forth between my work and off work life because Ive been thinking about that quite a bit lately.  Normally, school is school and vacations at Grandmas are vacations at Grandmas.  Theyve always been separate.  The gaggle of young adults even on a small college campus creates a lot of bustling.  Things out at the cottage rentals are laid back.  The noise level, the interaction with other people, all of it was just part of where it belonged.  It wasnt ever a big switch.  It just was what it was; I never really paid much attention to the ways that they are different.
I cant say the same for this year.  I dont think Ive ever felt the difference in the move more strongly than I have on this occasion.  I was restless and unfocused and I had a horrible time trying to settle down and get everything in order for the start of my classes.  It was maddening.  I think, however, that Ive figured out what it is that has made the transition so out of my norm this time.  For the first time ever, I left my vacation retreat knowing that I was leaving behind something that would not be there waiting for me when I got back.
You arent the only one, Keely, who got used to having new habits this summer.  For the first time ever, I wasnt just spending time with family and doing small repair work and frittering away days until it was time to go back to work (or school before that because I really have been doing this all my life).  Instead, I had someone (who wasnt an older woman hassling me to go find something to do so her book club could meet in peace) to talk to and laugh with and take walks with and even come hang out with my grandmother with me.  It was hard on me to give that up even before I realized what it was.  All the little things and places and people that have always been a part of my life there will still be there when I go back, but you wont be.  And that bothers me.
I find myself walking across campus thinking Ill have to tell Keely about something that happened at a faculty meeting or the latest question from the obsessive time machine guy.  I find myself jotting down ideas for your science lab that I intend to share with you when I see you.  Then, I remember that Im not going to see you.
I miss you, Keely.
That choice that you mentioned -- the one about learning to let go of the something new that youve become partial to or working at keeping it?  I find myself in the same position you are, and Im making the same choice.  Im willing to work as hard as I need to to keep it.  Its worth it.  Youre worth it; were worth it -- what we already have in each others friendship and what else we might have if we choose to follow this path.
Ive been thinking about the picnic, Keely, and the interrupting fireworks.  Ive been thinking about how I shouldnt have just let the moment go.  Im wondering if you have been thinking about it as well.
Bryce
P.S.  You probably arent aware of the fact that my college takes a mid-semester break of an extra-long weekend in the middle of October.  I usually just stay here and catch up on anything thats gotten away from me.  I was thinking that its time for me to do something different.  Im interested in taking a trip down your way this year.  Maybe you would be able to show me around?
