War Kids

HJLawson

~~~
Smashwords Edition



Copyright  2014 by HJLawson. All rights reserved.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

First Printing, 2014

www.hjlawson.com

Table of Contents


Chapter 1 Wake Up. Run.
Chapter 2 Their Corridor of Death is my Corridor of Freedom.
Chapter 3 I am Alive. I am Alive. Protect Me.
Chapter 4 Evil Cowards.
Chapter 5 Follow my Beating Heart Back Home.
Chapter 6 Blue Sky Above.
Chapter 7 Fear Cannot Dominate My Life.
Chapter 8 Bridge to Hell.
Chapter 9 Goodbye Father.
Chapter 10 The Devil is Calling.
Chapter 11 Black as Liquorice.
Chapter 12 Hes Back.
Chapter 13 Goodbye Jada.
Chapter 14 Trust Me.
Chapter 15 Wander.
Chapter 16 Goodbye.
Chapter 17 Beware: You Do Not Know What You Have Woken.
Chapter 18 Ghost From the Past.
Chapter 19 Sunrise Over a New Era.
Chapter 20 Picture of Hope.
Chapter 21 God Bless my Beautiful Daughter.
Chapter 22 New Friends.
Chapter 23 You are Not Alone.
Chapter 24 Mia.
Chapter 25 Born in Hell.
Chapter 26 Reunited.
Chapter 27 God Bless.
Chapter 28 The Journey Begins.
Chapter 29 The Mission.
Chapter 30 Zaatari Refugee Camp  Tent Town.
Chapter 31 They Know Where They Are.
Chapter 32 Empty Shell.
Chapter 33 Our Sanctuary.
Chapter 34 Extra Pair of Hands.
Chapter 35 First Taste of Happiness.
Chapter 36 Hell on Earth.
Chapter 37 Training Day.
Chapter 38 New Life.
Chapter 39 Many Happy Returns.
Chapter 40 Tent Town.
Chapter 41 Reunited with Our Fathers.
Chapter 42 They Have Returned.
Chapter 43 Refugee Camp.
Chapter 44 Lambs to the Slaughter.
Chapter 45 Reunited With Their Fathers.
Chapter 46 Black Shadow.
Chapter 47 Reborn.
Chapter 48 One Month Later.
Epilogue
Authors Note
Acknowledgements

Chapter 1
Wake Up. Run.

JADA


Wake up. Run.
Jada wake up! I scream in my head.
Bracing myself, I take a deep breath and millions of tiny molecules fly up my nostrils and down my throat. What is this familiar taste? It reminds me of when I was young and played with chalk.
Where am I?
A cold shiver runs over my body as questions flood my mind. What happened? Why do I feel like Im covered in dust? Father never trained me for this are they going to kidnap me, the same way they did him?
Im terrified to see what awaits me. But I force myself to open my eyes. In a flash, like a lightning bolt, I see the unthinkable horror in front of me.
Chaos.
A blurred image of a young boy stands trembling at the end of my hospital bed, his bewildered face covered in dust and tears. I can see his dazzling white teeth as he screams... Why cant I hear him? Oh my God, what has happened to the poor child? Where is his mother?
Where is mine? Why cant I hear anything is this real, or a crazy nightmare?
I frantically look around for my mother, but I dont see her anywhere.
Mother, where are you?
The sheet of gray dust over my face reminds me of the times my mother and I would play dress up and she would add blush to my cheeks. I wish I could go back to those happier times, before the war, to when I could just be a child.
But those times have gone.
The gray walls of the hospital are like a snowy day in the city, and they are crumbling in front of my eyes. A blaring light fights against the protective cover of the few blind slats on the window that survived the attack. Where is the light coming from? Its the middle of the night! Is my mind playing tricks on me?
The smell of death is all around me. As I shift uneasily on the bed, the plastic material squeaks against my sticky, sweaty skin. No! I have to stay quiet and not draw attention to myself.
I look at the bed next to me. The overhead light has fallen down, and sparks are flying from the ceiling. I see the same dusty gray layer, but it is turning blood-red. An elderly man is slumped over.
As the light continues to flash, I see him more clearly.
He has large, overgrown eyebrows on his small, wrinkled face, and there is blood seeping through his clothes. He is dying right in front of me.
We stare at each other, frozen in shock. Not daring to speak, his dark eyes hold my gaze. His thin, straight lips start to slowly part. Fear floods through me. I shake my head and plead to him with my eyes.
Please dont make a sound!
The old mans eyebrows rise up, and he silently mouths, Run. The hairs on the back of my neck prickle to the rhythm of my terrified heart, but I remain still, too afraid to move.
Someone help me, anyone! I cannot do this!
I have to move to get out of here before they get me. I slowly shift myself to the edge of the bed. My legs are numb, and my toes are tingling. My body is weak, but I have to stay strong.
As I look down on the floor beside me, where my feet are about to land, I see a dust-covered body. It is the caring lady doctor, the one who was looking after me. Faith. I can see glimpses of her golden strands of hair through the soot.
Not Faith!
I remember her soft voice as I faded in and out of consciousness, and the blurred image of her peering over me like a beautiful angel, telling me everything would be okay and that she would protect me. Tears pour down my face as I gaze at her now lifeless body.
Suddenly the silence is broken by the sounds of screaming. I cover my ears to block the unbearable noise. Screaming everywhere, all around me.
This is not a dream; this is a true-life nightmare.
Light beams hit my face, and a door opens. As my eyes adjust, I begin to see shadows in the doorway.
I can't stay. I have no choice.
Soldiers are standing in the doorway, a sea of blue helmets with sage and brown camouflage, with black jackets projecting their heartless bodies, their faces covered by gas masks. Their belts bulge with water bottles. I'm so thirsty for just one tiny drop to get the taste of chalk out of my mouth.
Big black boots stand amongst the debris, sturdy, confident. Each soldier holds one hand over the long barrel of a gun, the other over the trigger. Poised, ready. My heart skips another beat.
There are too many of them. Even if I had my gun, I wouldnt be able to kill them all. But maybe enough to make a run for it
My father taught me how to use a gun before he was kidnapped over a year ago, when I was thirteen. All I wanted to do was stay in bed and cry, but Mother dragged me out and forced me to continue. I lashed out at her and begged her to leave me to grieve for my father, but she insisted.
Im a perfect shot now.
Run, child, run! the dying man screams to me.
I leap off the bed and land on Faith.
Ouch! she grunts.
Oh my God Shes alive!
As I crouch down beside her, the sounds of footsteps get closer.
Faith, I'm so sorry are you okay? What's happening? I gasp.
Run! she yells. RUN!
I jump up and grab the bewildered young boy in front of me. The soldiers are coming; they are bloody coming!
Come on, we have to get out of her, I say to him.
A soldier reaches out and grabs the childs arm.
Ouch! he cries.
Get off him! It feels like a golf ball is in my mouth. I stutter as I squeal, and the boys eyes look like theyre going to explode.
Leave him alone; you are hurting him!
But the solider is too strong and continues to pull. With one fast swoop, the boy is out of my hand and the solider picks him up in his arms.
The child screams and thrashes his arms and legs in a violent rage.
Leave him alone! I shout again.
Kid, were here to help! I mean you no harm, the solider informs me as he marches away.
Here to help?! Does he think Im crazy?
The room begins to spin; my mind cannot handle this. Oh God, theyre moving forward; the soldiers are coming for me now!
I turn away from them and start to run without looking back. I have no choice. There is nothing else I can do.
I have to keep moving its the only way to get out of here alive. Bodies are strewn everywhere, some small and wrapped in blankets. All are covered with the gray dust.
What the hell is going on?!
Chapter 2
Their Corridor of Death is my Corridor of Freedom.

JADA


Running from the hospital room, I enter a dark corridor.
I hesitantly stretch my arm out to the wall and scrape my fingers down its rough sides. My hands are my eyes as the walls guide me through the black hole. My heart is racing, and I can barely catch my breath.
Heavy footsteps echo close behind me, and my body trembles with cold beads of sweat. I have to find the energy to continue, but my legs feel like jelly.
Keep going, Jada. Move faster! I tell myself.
THUD, THUD, THUD.
They are close they will get to me soon.
All I see is darkness everywhere. It's as if I am blind  there is simply nothing I can see.
The hairs on my skin stand up as my fear increases. I dont have much time, and I have to choose. I have to go left or right, because there is nowhere to hide.
My sense of direction is lousy in daylight, never mind in bloody darkness.
Looking left, all I see is an abyss of darkness. Down the right corridor, I see it: the sliver of hope. Light is shining through a gap; its a door! All my senses tell me to run I have to run to the door of freedom!
The odor of death fills my nostrils until my body feels numb with the stench. Flies are swarming everywhere. I start to run, but I fall to the ground with my very first step.
Jada, you need to be more graceful, my mothers voice rings through my head.
I try to stand, but why is the ground so soft? Its sticky and moving beneath me, and I hear grunts of pain.
Oh, Dear Lord, no
Ive fallen on a person. I jump to my feet in horror.
Turning back will mean my own death. What choice do I have? Go down the path of death, or surrender?
Holding the rough-textured wall, I hesitantly step onto the body in front of me, with my bare feet wrapping around what feels like a leg. Theres still some warmth. With my entire weight on the person beneath me, I wait for a scream or a grunt, but all I get is silence.
My gut twists up as I realize the person is dead.
Overwhelmed with the smell of death, I begin to feel dizzy so dizzy.
I lean against the wall to steady myself as flies swarm everywhere.
Come back! a voice echoes down the corridor. They are here. How stupid of me to stand around and cry.
I wish I had my gun! I'd shoot every last one of these bastards!
I begin to move forward, carefully and quickly stepping from body to ground. It is tricky to navigate; I dont want to fall again. My stomach begins to contract, and I try not to retch at the thought of what Im standing on.
My attention is drawn away from my feet as I hear a low buzzing, like hundreds of flies gathering together, singing in unison.
With a loud crack, my sanctuary of darkness is gone, as the lights come on.
Adjusting my eyes to the brightness, I look down the corridor to freedom. There are rows after rows of bodies lined up with their injuries plain to see.
Skin is peeling from their bones; white foam flows out of their mouths and noses. Hundreds of flies are hovering around them, disrespectful to their prey.
Jumping back in shock, I look down at the true horror beneath my feet. Im standing on a small boy maybe five years old, with white foam pouring out of his mouth, painful red blisters on his young face, and brown eyes bulging wide with constricted pupils.
The thought of someone killing these innocent children makes my stomach contract uncontrollably. Warm bile begins to rise bitterly in my throat.
I vomit until there is nothing left.
My face is covered with tears and sticky sweat, as if Ive been outside on a muggy spring day and have been caught in a shower.
Mother, I need you! Help me!
Tears pour down my face, and I become very dizzy; Im so weak that my legs begin to tremble under the weight of my body.
I collapse to the ground. Lord above, I'm kneeling down before you, begging you to stop the murders of the innocent. I silently plead for hope, for an answer, but no one can hear me. No one can answer my prayers  they are all dead.
After what feels like a lifetime down the corridor of death, silently sobbing to myself, I hear the thud of soldiers boots. They mustve been the ones who turned the lights on, and now theyre looking for me.
Without thinking, I spring into action, as if the sickness and sobbing were the last parts of the innocent Jada inside me. My childhood was stolen, and they took it.
They took everyones innocence  the children here didnt even get a chance to start their lives, and its over now. They broke me; they broke all the children. I will not let them take my life the way they did the others'.
You can do it, Jada! my fathers voice rings through my head. I dont think I can, but I have no choice.
I leap up and begin to sprint. Stop! shouts a soldier. Were here to help. Come back!
Leave me alone, you animals! I scream.
Stop! Don't run! yells another. They are right behind me now.
How could you do this to children? May you and your families rot in hell! I feel like a demon has taken over my voice; I cannot keep my anger hidden. I want to explode and kill them all. Every last one of them!
Dashing toward the door, I leap over one body and the next, pretending that Im playing hopscotch with my friends in the schoolyard. Im so close to the door that I can almost smell freedom.
No, something is grabbing me. The last body at the doorway is alive, and its squeezing my ankle tightly. Looking down, I see an elderly woman, smaller than I am, with an oversized, crooked nose, bushy eyebrows, and dark, bulging eyes. Shes tiny but strong.
Oh, my God, someone is alive down here!
Her blood-stained, long, yellow nails cut into my ankle. I let out a scream of shock and try to jump back. Her wrinkled, thin lips slowly part, and white foam begins to pour from her mouth.
Help me, she grunts.
She tightens her grip around my ankle as I wriggle to get free. I have no choice but to kick her off me, and she lets out a scream. Help me!
Pushing down on the door handle, I am free in the sanctuary of darkness.
Chapter 3
I am Alive. I am Alive. Protect Me.

GERARD

A few days earlier


Faith, this is Laura from the BBC World News.
Laura is younger than Faith, and her black, shiny hair is swept back into a ponytail. Her hazel eyes have a natural warmth to them, and after seeing all these injured people in the hospital, Laura is a breath of fresh air.
Oh, fuck! Faith glares at me as she catches me admiring the beautiful newswoman. Fuck, shes going to be pissed later!
Laura reaches her hand out to shake Faiths. I catch sight of Lauras manicured fingernails, and as Faith glances at me and rolls her eyes, I know what shes thinking: where did she come from? Some five star hotel? Faith can be a little bitchy at times, but I like her fire.
Faith holds her hands up to show her bloody surgical gloves, and I stifle a laugh.
Faith reminds me of Mia. Its weird because they look completely different Faith has that golden blonde hair and those blue eyes that sparkle when she smiles.
Mia, on the other hand, had mahogany hair and breathtaking eyes that I could stare into for hours. But their facial expressions are similar, especially the way they both roll their eyes and scowl when theyre pissed off at me. But when Faith looks into my eyes, I know its different. No one can replace the love I had for Mia, the love that was stolen the day she was killed.
Faith smiles at Laura, wipes her gloves down the side of her bloodstained doctors jacket, and shakes the reporter's hand.
How may I help you, Laura? I dont have much free time since they started bombing the hospitals; this is the last one in the city.
I understand your time is precious  you are truly doing Gods work here. Id like to interview you for tonights news. All I need is a few moments of your time. My cameraman is here now so itll only be one minute, I promise. You could save thousands of lives.
Faith glances at me. Grard, what can I say?
I walk over and place my arm around her neck. Say what is in your heart, I whisper in her ear.
Faith looks down at her blood-covered shoes and pauses. Then her attention is drawn to her current patient, a petite young teenager.
The girl sits up on the bed and opens her eyes  beautiful, blue eyes, bulging with fear.
A shiver races down my spine. Staring at Faith, she says, Im alive. Im alive. Protect me.
The poor girl is in total shock as the words come from her mouth. Because of her, I know Faith will do the right thing  shell go through with the interview.
Okay, lets do it. But be quick so I can get back to the patients, Faith tells Laura.
Laura looks over to the cameraman and nods.
The camera light comes on. Faith begins to speak.
Suffering has gone beyond all boundaries. There is no safe place left. Syria has become a battlefield. Every aspect of human rights, freedom, and citizenship are lost from view, and no one cares. Entire villages have been cleared off the map. Innocent children are being massacred, and a whole generation is being erased. For what? I pray every single moment that the government and all political parties around the world will engage with the rebels. The rebels are capable of engaging in dialogue, because if they do not, the blood of the innocent is on their hands. All of their hands.
Chapter 4
Evil Cowards.

ZAK


A thunderous boom echoes down the hallway. Bone-chilling screams follow the sound of terror.
I have a lump in my throat. Oh, shit, theyre here; why would they come here? The unthinkable is happening - theyre attacking my school. The thunderous barrage of shots continues as they move down the halls.
Bursts of explosions make the walls tremble, and cracks appear in front of my eyes like someone is drawing them with a pen. Dust from the ceiling falls onto the cream tiles. Theyre getting closer. I have nowhere to run. Im trapped like a rat here, in the boys' bathroom on the second floor of the school my great idea to hide away from a stupid test! There are windows, but they have metal bars over the front of them to stop thieves from getting in. Now theyre trapping me in and blocking my freedom.
How the hell am I going to get out of here? I push open a stall and jump back in surprise. There is a boy sitting on the toilet; I dont understand how he can be quiet! I recognize him from my science class. Jacob, I believe. Were the same age, although hes much smaller.
His body is trembling. He has his head down between his knees and is slowly rocking back and forth with his hands over his ears, whimpering.
We need to get out! I whisper loudly. Jacob places his hand back over his ears and continues to rock, his eyes glazed over with tears. He knows whats going on, and hes terrified.
Gut-wrenching screams filled with dread and horror echo in all directions; I can hear what sounds like a teacher pleading between firing, Stop, stop! Theyre only children.
Bang. Thud!
Oh fuck, theyre outside the bathroom! I have to get out of here or theyre going to kill me next. Cold sweat rolls down my neck as I race to the end cubicle to get as far away from the door as I can. I jump onto the toilet seat and place my hand over my mouth, trying to silence my heavy breathing.
Come out, come out, wherever you are, a deep, masculine voice fills the bathroom. Then the man lets out a heavy breath. Itll be easier if you come out. I mean you no harm, and I just have a question for you.
Adrenaline rushes through my body. Trembling, I crouch low on the toilet seat, waiting to hear a sound. Is he at the first cubicle? Has he found Jacob? Jesus, whats he going to do?
Hello, little boy. I just want to ask you a question. Oh no, he found Jacob. Just one question: how old are you?
Sixteen, replies Jacob.
Perfect, my favorite age, replies the intruder. A wave of relief floods over me. Im the same age. If hes fine, so am I.
A sudden explosion comes from the cubicle, and then the sound of Jacobs body falling to the floor.
He killed him! He killed him!
SLAM goes the next door. SLAM, SLAM, SLAM! Hes right outside my cubicle hes going to kill me.
I take one last, deep breath. Now its my time to die.
Theres another SLAM as a door swings open. But its not mine; its the main door into the bathroom. A split second later, my door flies open, and in front of me I see a black army boot lowering and the soldier wearing it.
The man is around my fathers age, but unlike my dad, hes quite heavyset. He has dyed-black hair with gray roots, a thick mustache, and a cigarette in his mouth. But his eyes are averted as he stares back at the bathroom entrance.
Jesus
My door quickly swings closed. He didnt see me.
Captain, says the soldier in front of me.
At ease, soldier. I hear the captain walk over to the first cubicle where Jacob is.
Whats your name, soldier?
With his attention distracted, I seize the opportunity to make my move. I quickly and quietly jump down from the seat and scramble beneath the partition beside me to the stall the soldier just checked.
Heen Dara.
Good work, Heen. Carry on. With that, the captain exits, leaving Heen and me in the room alone. Heen kicks open the cubicle where I just was and sighs at the realization that no one is there.
With my hand placed firmly over my mouth, I pray for myself to not make a sound and for him to walk out of the bathroom. Time seems to freeze. What is he waiting for?
The main bathroom door opens again. Heen, all other rooms are clear. Were moving them into the gym. With that, Heen stomps out of the bathroom.
My body has become so rigid it doesnt want to move an inch. But I have no choice  I have to get out of here. What is happening in the gym? Where is my brother, Ali? I hope he is safe.
Slowly, I lower my achy legs to the ground. I stand and prepare myself for how Im going to get out of here. Edging my head around the cubicle, I see there is no one in here but myself and Jacobs corpse.
Ive never seen a dead body before.
One more step, and I will be next to one. I take in a deep breath and slowly exhale as I move forward. I dont want to look, but I cant help myself.
Jacob is folded over with his head toward his knees, wedged between the toilet bowl and the wall. There is shiny crimson blood dripping from his neck down to his white sneakers.
My stomach contracts. Shaking my head, I try to bring myself out of the state of shock. Even after squeezing my eyes together tightly, I can still see his limp body.
There are over a hundred kids in this school. How many have been murdered the way Jacob was? Is Ali alive? I have to find him.
I need my brother.
I hesitantly place my ear on the bathroom door to hear whats happening outside. It is silent too silent.
Slowly lowering my trembling hand to the cold door handle, I gently open it wide enough to peek through the crack. I dont want to look. To my right there is a body slumped against a wall. It mustve been the teacher I heard pleading before.
His head is folded down to his knees very much like Jacobs, with his back against the wall, as he sits in a pool of his own blood. It was my math teacher, Mr. Kalif. He was the one trying to protect us.
Looking up the hallway, it becomes apparent that no one is alive here. All that remains are the bodies of children, my classmates, my friends and teachers. The walls are covered with hundreds of bullet holes. The plaster is crumbling, and a chalky dust floats down in slow motion. As the light from the windows hits the dust, it reminds me of how Id always tell Tilly that dust particles were really fairies watching over us.
Shit, Tilly! Are they going to all the schools and killing all the kids?
Carefully, I open the door just wide enough for me to squeeze through. Walking past Mr. Kalif, I think of how brave he was in the face of danger. He died trying to protect us. He was only a few years older than I; this was his first job as a teacher, and we used to tease him about that. How wrong we were.
There are so many bodies in the hallways, all covered in blood. No one is moving, no one except me. Is this really real? I quickly and quietly get to my classroom, hoping my teacher will be there and will know what to do.
The door is open. Maybe they got out in time. Stepping closer, I realize something is wrong. As I looking into the room, my eyes fill with horror.
Mr. Tabah, my teacher, is being propped up with the bodies of the students he was trying to protect.
Theyre like a human mountain, with his corpse resting on them as if he is still trying to shield them, even in death.
Red oozes from my teachers mouth in slow motion. The drops float to the ground, landing in a river of crimson. The floor is a swamp of blood.
Hello, is anyone alive? Its Zak. Im hoping for some kind of answer. But the silence is killing me. I stare at the bodies, praying for one to move to speak. But no one does.
I have to get the hell out of here and find my family.
I need to get to Ali. I have to go to the gym and see what is happening and if he is there. I wish I could go back to this morning I wouldve never let us leave home.
I exit the classroom and walk through the hall like a zombie. I carefully step around the bodies while looking at each face to see if its my brother. The soldiers killed a lot of kids with a single shot to the middle of the forehead.
I finally make my way to the top of the stairway. Placing my hand over my mouth, I try to block out the blood-curdling smell in the air.
None of the bodies is Alis, but a lot are friends friends from my village, and children from my classes.
At the bottom of the stairs, there are two hallways. One is the entrance to the school, and the second leads to the gym.
I can see through the window that there are soldiers leaning against the door smoking. I clench my fists. Theyre just standing there enjoying a fucking smoke after killing all the children like nothing has happened?! Those fucking bastards!
Peeking through a window, I see female students and teachers all huddled together in the far corner of the gym. There are about thirty of them sobbing and hiding behind each other with their heads facing toward the floor.
Across the gym, row upon row of boys are lined up, kneeling down with their hands behind their bowed heads.
Soldiers are pacing back and forth. It wont be long before they spot me if Im not careful. I need to move and get a better look to see if I can find Ali. But what am I going to do if I see him? I stand no chance against all these soldiers.
At the side of the gym is the coaches office. Ive been in it a few times when the new soccer season started. I start to make my way over. This is a risky move because there is no way of telling whether there is anyone in there. But I have to find Ali.
The office was only added on to the gym a few years ago, and still has the old gym fire door that not many people know is there. Its my only choice.
Slowly, I open the door.
My heart thumps so loudly, I feel like its going to give me away. Theres no one in here, thank God.
The office is small. Theres a shelf filled with medals and sports equipment. Theres the fire door with old paint buckets in front of it. I slowly move them under the shelf and out of the way in case I need to get out.
I step silently behind the coachs desk and creep over to the window. I dont want to look, but I have to. I keep my head low so I can just see out, but they cant see me. I quickly scan the room for the soldiers so I know where they are at all times.
There are around twenty soldiers in the gym. I wonder how many more are outside. There are about the same number of boys kneeling on the ground in front of the soldiers.
I scan the faces of the terrified boys, but I cant find Ali. Where the hell is he? Then suddenly someone moves his head a fraction, and I see him Ali! My brother is alive, and hes in there with them! I have always wanted to be like my big brother -- he is brave and kind, and he is friends with everyone. Now there he is, kneeling in front of the soldiers. How dare they make him kneel?!
The top section of the window is open, and I can just make out the voices from the gym. So, men, which of you wants to join us?
I know that voice  its the captain who was speaking to Heen in the bathroom. You are no longer boys. You do not need your parents permission to join our brotherhood! The captains forceful words echo through the gym and bounce off the walls. What is he talking about, join our brotherhood?
The boys continue to kneel on the ground, and no one answers. Who is with me? The captain is getting angry.
Answer the captain when he speaks to you! shouts a soldier as he kicks one of the boys in the back with his oversized boot. The boy crumples down to the ground, still with his hands behind his head as he lets out a whimper of pain.
The captain walks over to him. Stand up!
The boy jumps to his feet. He is the same height as the captain, and they stare at each other. Look away, look away, I silently chant. But his eyes are locked in and crippled with fear.
Heen, kill him. We have no use for children!
Suddenly, an ear-splitting BANG echoes through the gym, and I jump back in shock. The girls high-pitched screams pierce the air.
STOP this screaming. Are you all children? Do you all want to die?
I do not care if you are male or female, the next person to scream or cry will die! the captain yells. The gym falls instantly silent. Everything feels unreal, like a weird daydream.
I will ask one more time, who wants to join me? screeches the captain.
I look out the window, hoping to see Ali. The captain is furiously marching back and forth as the room stays silent, all waiting for more horror to unfold.
Ali slowly raises his head when the captain walks past him; he looks at me... he knows I am here. His hazel, caring eyes are staring at me like the whole world has gone, and it is just the two of us.
Ali blinks his eyes in the direction of the door at the back off the office, signaling me to move. I shake my head as if to say, not without you. Ali takes one last look at me, lowers his eyes, and closes them tightly, preparing for the next horror.
Please, God get him out of there.
If none of you are with me, then you shall all die just as your parents did, the captain continues.
He raises his arms up, and then swings them down as a signal to the soldiers behind him. I gasp.
Sound of whizzing and loud pops fill the gym as they open fire.
The boys fall to the floor, blood spurting from their innocent bodies and spraying the screaming girls in the corner.
One after another, the soldiers fire their weapons, showing no emotion as they kill the children.
Ali dives forward the second the captain lowers his hands. The attack takes the captain by surprise, and Ali is on top of him. He has the captain pinned down on the ground and is punching him in the face repeatedly.
No! I scream, swinging the door open. But Im too late. The soldier stands behind him, and Ali looks in my direction.
BANG.
My brothers face twists in shocked pain. He collapses on top of the captain.
Get him! shouts the captain, pointing in my direction.
Fuck!
The whole army turns to me, and I spin around and run to the back of the room, to the fire exit door. I hate the thought of leaving Ali, but I have no choice my life depends on it.
Damn, there are more men outside still smoking!
They see the pack of soldiers running after me and join the hunt, laughing as if this is a game of tag, or hide-and-seek. But this is my playground, and they will never find me.
Stop! yells the captain. I turn back and face him. He stands in the doorway wiping his bloody nose. Boy, where are you running to? he asks. Did you not hear in the gym? We killed everyone. All your parents are dead. All your families. You have nothing to run to! The captain begins to laugh, and the rest of the soldiers join in as well. Theyre all dead, little boy.
What is your name? I yell. Everyone stops laughing. The tension is back, but now I control it. Answer me. What is your name?
My name, boy?
Yes, your name.
Captain Reef Ash. Why?
Because when I come to avenge my brother, I want to make sure I kill the right man. Thats why!
Captain Reef begins to laugh, as do the rest of the soldiers. Revenge oh, Im scared. Scared of the little wimpy boy in front of me.
Heen Dara, when you see shadows it will be me. When you are alone, I will be there.
When you hear someone call your name, it will be me. I will haunt you until my dying day, as you have done to me.
Heen looks shocked that I know his name.
Lets kill the little shit, he yells.
No, let him find his chargrilled family. He can spread the word of what we great soldiers did today. Let him be our voice.
With that, the captain walks back through the door into the gym where my brother lies dead.
Heen spits on the floor and follows Reef back inside. The other soldiers follow, laughing.
Chapter 5
Follow my Beating Heart Back Home.

JADA


There is nothing but darkness and the glimmering hope from the stars in the sky. The air has changed from the stuffy atmosphere of the corridor, to a bone-chilling cold. I shiver.
Is it from the chill in the air, or is it from the fear of not knowing whats happening?
My chest quickly becomes strained, as if the solid blackness of the sky is suffocating me. My body and mind are overwhelmed with disbelief. What a crazy past two years this has been. Everything has changed! Ive gone from being a normal teenager, to a trained killer, and now this  stranded in darkness.
Squeezing my eyes closed, I concentrate on steadying my breaths. I have to control myself, and remember what Mother taught me. I have to make it out and not let the fear consume me.
Finally, I open my eyes. Moving along the wall to the side of the doorway, I know that in a few moments the door will fly open as the soldiers charge through it.
Its unthinkable what theyll do if they find me. Ive heard stories of them selling girls to the highest bidders, and if theyre too old for marriage, the girls are tortured until they joined the army. I really dont know whats worse - suffering the pain of an unwanted marriage, or being forced to kill the innocent.
Trying to distract myself away from those thoughts, I stare down at my feet. I brush away the fallen pieces of wall and dust from the attack on the hospital. Looking along the ground to the left, I see what appears to be the shape of a car thats covered in a gray snowfall. Im in the hospital parking lot. Ive been here before with my mother and Lucas when he broke his arm.
Thank God
As I take in a full breath of ice cold air, my lungs expand and excitement briefly fills my body. I know where I am, and Im still alive. I can make it back to the village, that is, if I dont die of hypothermia first.
The lot is empty and eerily silent as if the whole world is unaware of the horrific murder scenes inside the hospital.
It's time to get out of here. I've always enjoyed running at school, but this is different. Now its like a pack of wolves is chasing me and theyll rip the skin off my back if I stop.
But I wont stop; I dont stop. I run faster and faster as fast as I can.
My lungs feel weaker than I remember them ever being before. There is a strange burning sensation, as if Ive eaten hot coal. Maybe theres something wrong with me? Maybe its the reason I was in the hospital?
I make it to the foot of the slope - time to climb. I wish I had my sneakers on; my feet are already shredded from walking on the rubble in the hospital and the woman clawing at my ankle. I feel badly for kicking her, and I wonder whats happened to her now.
I grip on the tree vines as I climb, and my path is lit by the stars above me. Rising up the incline, I can almost feel them.
Reaching over to a small bendy tree, I take hold of a branch and the leaves suddenly rip away. I stumble, but manage to regain my footing at the last second. I scramble to the top of the hill.
Finally I make it, but its no time for celebration. I slump to the ground and look down at the hospital, knowing that everyone is dead except me and them.
I'm so alone.
Ive never been out this late, except once, when I was with my family, and we were celebrating New Years Eve.
My father brought us sparklers  wed seen fireworks on the TV, and they looked so beautiful. But fireworks are banned here everything fun is banned here. My mother was very cross at my father but, like him, she wanted us to enjoy ourselves.
They woke Lucas and me up in the middle of the night.
Jada. Jada, wake up.
Five more minutes, I said.
My mother rocked me. Wake up, Jada. We have something to show you.
I stretched my arms, letting out a big yawn. My mother had the brightest smile on her beautiful face. The light from the hallway shone on her as she brushed the hair from my eyes, tucking it behind my ear. I hated it when she did that. But now I wish she could do it again.
Her eyes were shiny with joy, and I begin to laugh. Why are you so excited? I asked her.
My father stood in the doorway with Lucas. I laugh to myself as I recall how Lucas looked like a zombie in his pajamas. I missed days like that just a regular morning with my family.
Why did the soldiers have to steal it from me?
What's going on? I asked as I climbed out of my soft, warm bed and into my fluffy slippers. I got a new pair every Christmas, always a different theme. This years theme was unicorns. When I walked, stomped, or jumped, the mouths opened. Lucas also got a pair. His were dragons, and they roared every time he moved around.
Still half-asleep, I headed over to my father. He stretched out his arms and wrapped them around me. My head rested on his chest, and I could hear the rhythm of his heart beating, like drums at a festival. My father was a strong man, very friendly to everyone, and had a very sneaky, funny side; we would laugh so much we would cry. I always felt safe with him.
Father led Lucas and me to the hallway to get our jackets. It got very cold at night, and the wind also had a nasty bite to it. Without protest we silently pulled them on, my white puffy jacket reminding me of my bed. I wrapped the hood over my head and leaned to the side, as if I was still in bed or sleepwalking. The fur from my collar tickled my nose.
We got to the front door. Whats going on? I asked my mother and father again.
They both stood there in silence with big smiles across their faces.
A tingle runs up my spine as I remember that moment now. How silly to think we were so excited over one little packet.
The shiny, colorful packet was filled with sparklers: hand-held fireworks.
I hesitantly looked at my mother. She was the boss of the house, and it was funny because she was so much tinier than my father. She nodded at me with approval, and her face lit up with a giant smile. I ran over and hugged her. She was taller than I, but we always said Id be bigger than her when I got older. Lucas ran to our father and hugged him, laughing.
The memory warms my insides like hot chocolate on a cold winter night. The worry-free look on my parents faces. Our happy laughter. I would do anything for just one more day with my family. The thought of their loving faces brings tears to my eyes.
My father scooped me up in his arms and threw me over his shoulder as I let out a high-pitched screech. My mother picked up Lucas, and we headed out the front door. Mother followed Father as he led the way around our house to the side of the garden. I knew where he was heading.
At the end of our garden, there was a silver chicken net fence. Father placed me down on the ground, and then went to the fence and began to roll it back to create a path for us.
Mother walked through with Lucas and me, as Father carefully wrapped it back in place.
We made our way together to the side of the hill, holding hands. We could see the whole town from there. I thought we were the kings of the castle. Looking over the valley below, everything looked so peaceful, quiet and beautiful... like a dream.
Mother took Lucas sparklers and opened the packet. I did the same with mine. There were two long metal sticks, one for each of us, about 20 inches long and with black painted ends. Mother and I each held one stick out, and Father lit them with a red lighter. The sparklers slowly started burning and emitting colorful flames. Mother quickly moved her hand, creating a luminescent circle. She wrote Lucas name, much to his excitement.
My turn, he cried out. Mother passed the sparkler to him, and a huge smile lit up his face.
Now, as I pick up a twig from the ground and raise my arm to the sky, I pretend Im back on the hill with my family. I spell my name in the midnight sky with the colorless stick: J-A-D-A.
Uncontrollable tears flood down my face, my wide eyes still looking upwards. Suddenly, a flash of bright white lights streak across the dark sky.
What the hell?
Then the sounds of terrifying, heart-stopping explosions  one after another  fill the sky, shaking the ground I sit on.
In the distance, I hear planes swooping through the sky, then more explosions as they fire at their targets with devastating precision. Flames roar as a nearby apartment building is bombed.
Im in the middle of hell.
The planes in the sky above me have found their target: the hospital. This was the last one in the area. My blood boils as I hear another explosion and watch another tall building go up in flames.
God, Lord, please stop them; stop them from killing the innocent are you going to be a spectator to slaughter, Lord? Please help!
The sky fills with a whistle, then another explosion. The pressure forces me to the ground, and a shower of debris and dust covers me as the earth quakes. I brush the dirt from my eyes and look up, holding my breath.
They missed the hospital they missed!
But theyd hit the parking lot Id just been in not ten minutes ago. I wouldve been dead if Id stayed there.
Maybe He was listening Maybe there is still hope for us.
Chapter 6
Blue Sky Above.

KYRA


I know my mom. Victoria is jealous of her sister, my Aunt Faith, for her natural beauty. But I've always thought my mom is just as beautiful until she puts her makeup on. Her skin is orange from spray tans, and her lips are too-bright red. I cannot remember the last time I saw her without her war paint. My dad, Charles, tells her all the time how stunning she is, but she just brushes him away.
What I love about Faith is that she is so free. She travels around the world with Grard. They are both volunteer doctors and are the most caring people Ive ever met. Im glad shes my aunt. Grard is one of those hot, mysterious types every time he speaks with that sexy French accent, I lose the ability to think straight! Mom knows I have a crush on him, but who wouldnt? I bet she even likes him.
I want to be like Faith. Itd be exciting to visit all those different countries. Mom wants me to be a lawyer boring! She has it set in her head that once I finish at the university, Ill go on to law school.
God, I am not looking forward to that conversation! Shell have a heart attack! Im going to have to get Dad on my side first.
I dont know why I even hire her, she does appalling work! Mom yells out, breaking my daydream.
Dont fire her like you did the rest. Your expectations are just too high. I roll my eyes as I listen to her complain.
How did your day go? she asks.
Good. I quickly try to end the subject. Cant she see Im trying to get my homework done? All my books are spread out on the table; youd think she would see Im busy.
Kyra, how is your blood sugar level today? Mom asks. Did you have tennis today? Concern fills her voice.
Here we go. Here comes the daily  and sometimes hourly  routine line of questions since I was diagnosed. I just wish she could let me be a normal teenager.
Starring down at my homework, I mumble, It was at 70, so I had a bag of jelly beans. Im fine.
70 you know thats too low.
I know, I know. I took the test again 15 minutes later and it was at 104. Perfect. I have this under control, so try not to worry.
Glancing up from my homework, I look over at Mom to make sure shes okay, when I hear a familiar voice coming from the TV.
Mom, Mom, turn up the TV. Faith is on, I yell.
Mom grabs the control from the granite worktop and turns up the volume.
Entire villages have been cleared off the map, Faith is saying, looking directly into the camera. Innocent children are being massacred, and a whole generation is being erased. For what? I pray every moment that the government and political parties around the world engage with the rebels. The rebels are capable of engaging in dialogue because if they do not, the blood of the innocent is on their hands. On all of their hands.
Faith speaks directly to the camera, and it feels like she is talking to me and my mom. The sadness in my aunts eyes haunts me
What has she seen? Mom is going to be so cross. She always goes on and on about Faith Why does she always have to try to help? This is not our problem, why is she there?! Why cant she work in America? Why put herself in danger?
Faith stands in what looks to be a rundown hospital. Theres a small girl in a bed next to her who appears to be about my age. Faith looks as if she hasnt washed her hair in days. Mom frowns.
Dad, Dad, Faith is on the TV, I yell.
Mom hushes me.
The news broadcast goes back to the studio. A lady and gentleman are seated behind a table with CNN on the front in red letters. Next to the man is a large monitor.
We have a live feed from Laura Leeming from the BBC news. She interviewed Doctor Faith Mills this night in Syria.
Jesus, are they in the middle of a war?
My dad enters the kitchen and walks over to Mom.
Victoria, your sister will be okay. Faith is strong. My dad tries to comfort my mom, placing his arm around her. Mom and Dad hardly ever show any emotion to each other unless Moms had a few glasses of wine.
Thank you, Chris, the newswoman said. Im live in Syria. I have just visited the last hospital in the worst-hit area of the war, and all other hospitals have been destroyed. I saw firsthand the suffering of children and adults who had been attacked with chemical poison. Early reports and doctors say that it was a nerve gas attack. The government denies it, but the evidence shows otherwise. These are real victims of this civil war. The death toll is currently at 1,429  half of which are children.
Please be warned, these images are of the dead and injured, says the anchorman in the studio.
On the screen, there is a shot of twenty small bodies lined up on the ground. The children look about five years old, and wear shorts and t-shirts. You can tell from the way the children are positioned that they are all dead.
Jesus, this is sickening how could anyone do this? It just doesnt make sense!
Then a photo comes up of a young teenager, lying in bed covered with a white sheet, her hair matted and wild. She looks as if she is sleeping.
After we left the hospital, we found out the hospital was bombed. We cannot report whether there are any survivors. Weve been informed by the UN that there were armed UN teams at the hospital within moments of the attack. Our prayers are with them.
I gasp.
Laura Leeming, reporting live from Syria. Chris, back to you in the CNN studio.
The kitchen falls silent for a moment. No! Mom cries out. Its not even our war. Why is she there? Then she bursts into tears.
Dad, Dad, call Grard. Shell have survived. Hed protect her, so call him. I know she will be okay. He will protect her.
Chapter 7
Fear Cannot Dominate My Life.

JADA


The war is unfolding in front of me, and it will not stop. Jada, keep running, I chant to myself.
Darkness is fading, and nighttime is meeting morning. Its probably around 6 am. The freshness of a new day fills my nostrils. Birds begin to sing their morning songs, so chipper, blissfully unaware of last nights massacres.
Im tired and hungry, but I have to continue. I am close to home. But what waits for me there?
Before the war, when I was younger, whenever we heard a jet or helicopter above us, wed all run out on the terrace in excitement to wave at them. Then they started bombing in nearby towns, and everything changed. When the jets flew above our school, the alarm would ring. Our teachers would round us up and take us all to the ground floor to the security room.
At first it was all fun  a bit like a fire drill. Everyone would line up, hold hands with their partners, and then two-by-two wed walk downstairs, chatting with our friends. As time passed, we became bored of the interruptions.
Wed be playing in the yard, and the alarm would go off, ringing in our ears, leaving a buzzing sound. The roar of the jets became a normal part of life. We heard them all the time, but mainly at night. The sound upset Lucas, and hed sleep in Mothers bed. I didnt blame him, and at times Id jump in as well.
The teachers tried to make it normal for us by singing songs or putting music on when we got to the safe room. Once I got older, I knew what the sound was  they were bombing towns like ours.
One day, on the playground, my friend told me that her cousin went to another school where three kids had been killed in the schoolyard. It had become normal to talk about killings, but when my friend told me about this one, I got scared. They were killing children  it all became very real.
At night, Id dream about the jets firing down on the school and about snipers ready to kill us. Id wake up soaking with sweat, sometimes screaming. Mother would come in to look after me. The dreams felt so real I can still remember them vividly. They still feel real, even to this day.
Once my mother heard about the murders at the school, she stopped me from going. At first I was pleased  what child wants to go to school? I was thinking about sleeping in and catching up on my favorite TV shows.
But after a week I was bored out of my mind, and all I wanted was to go back to my normal life  back to school to see my friends.
I begged Mother to let me go back, but she refused. Eventually, Father began teaching me at home, and it helped take my mind off things.
Now as I walk up to the charred wreckage of the two-story building, I am grateful Mother kept me away. They bombed my school. There is still the fresh smell of explosives lingering in the air. There were one hundred children here; the attack mustve happened at night, because there arent any bodies. A lot of my friends stopped coming here when I did. Their parents were also scared, and they were obviously right to be their nightmares have come true.
Shattered glass covers the rubble on the ground. None of the windows are left  theyre all blown out from the blast. The force of the explosion created heaps of rubble. There is nothing but debris left.
I wonder if Ill ever go to school again. Before the war started, my plan was to go to the university near the city. I wasnt sure what to study, but I always wanted to do something that would enable me to travel. I've just never felt at home in Syria. Ive never belonged here.
I make my way through the rubble.
I can see the silver legs of a classroom desk sticking out of some trash. The blast mustve been so strong that it blew the furniture out. No one wouldve survived if theyd been in there. Thank God it happened at night. Was He watching over us? Mother said, Hes watching over us, but I think its all a lie. How could God stand by and watch this happen while doing nothing?
I get to the back of the school; there is no roof left. This is where the bomb mustve landed. Right here, in the middle of the building.
There is a half-burnt book among the smashed glass. I pick it up and decide to keep it as a memory of this place and what happened here. This may be the last textbook I have.
Why would they bomb a school? What does a child have to do with this war?
Chapter 8
Bridge to Hell.

ZAK


It becomes clear that the captain wasnt lying; thick black smoke bellows up and into the sky above the trees. First they kill my brother, and then they burn my village! Taking a deep breath in, my lungs filling with smoke, I sprint toward the blaze, praying my mother and father are at work.
Like a scene straight out of hell, my house has completely burned down. The smell of blood has been replaced with putrid stench of melted paint and scorched wood.
I step onto my chargrilled front door, which is now a bridge over rubble and burning destruction. Thump, thump, thump my heart beats uncontrollably.
My once happy home has been reduced to a pile of smoking cinders. How could they burn it down, erasing everything in my life? Where are we going to live now? Fragments of glass lie on top of the smoldering debris, reflecting the sun to create a light show. As fast as it was created, it is gone. The black smoke in the sky blocks out the rays of hope. The darkness becomes a blur, as my brain tries to understand what I am seeing.
Cautiously, I step along the door to what was once my living room. Theres a black pile of smoking charcoal where the sofa was, with melted plastic mixed in. White fragments dust the top of the sea of black beneath my feet. A soft summer breeze flies in through the glass-less window, lifting the white fragments, making them dance off the ground and up into the sky. I think of my mother and how devastated shell be when she sees the destruction.
The thick smoke is turning gray as the blue sky tries to push through the horror. The roof of my house is gone. It must have collapsed from its own weight, and the walls crumbled. All that is standing in the front room is the fireplace.
Even the stairs have nowhere to go. My bedroom is gone. I glance down and see an object sticking up where the kitchen once was.
Hesitantly, I step towards the shape. Its the sole of a shoe my mothers shoe. One of her favorites. It mustve come down from her bedroom in the explosion. I reach down to pick it up, but its stuck. I give it a tug. Nothing.
Finally, I give one last yank and it comes free, only to reveal a foot.
I gasp in horror. No Mother isnt here.
Shes at work. This is not her. This cannot be my mother.
The whiteness of her skin gleams out from the blackness around me, with her candy pink toenails, which Tilly did for her just last night. A knot fills my stomach. I grab my chest and let out an anguished cry.
Mother, please do not die on me. Mother, please wake up!
I frantically start digging around her. I lift a brick, the last thing covering her face. Falling to my knees in a daze, I rest my mothers head on my lap and brush the black soot from her eyes, leaving a smudge trail. Mother, Mother, wake up! I scream as I shake her. But I know she is dead.
No! Why did you have to kill her? You fucking bastards, you killed her!
Grief and shock have not hit me yet. Im frozen in panic, and my body has shut down. Where is my father? Is Tilly okay? What about Hamal? Father is at work, right? Shit, did he go to work? Frantically, I look around for a sight of my fathers body. But after an exhaustive search I find nothing.
Phew, thank God his body is not here! But I cant find my dog Hamal either. I call out for him but dont hear anything. I sit with my mothers head in my lap, brushing the dirt and soot from my hair.
Please God, no not the rest of the family. I cannot be alone.
Moving my mothers head off my knees, I carefully set her down. I lick my fingers to wipe the charcoal off her face, leaving her looking beautiful. Goodbye, Mother. I will find the men that did this to you. I love you. Then I slowly rise to my feet.
Hamal, good boy, come here, I yell again, as I head toward the back of the house. The back garden area is completely covered. It looks like the sky has, quite literally, fallen
I run over to Hamals tree; he is just lying there, not moving. I lower my head to get a closer look, and I recoil in shock.
They shot him!
No! How could they? Why?!
Hugging Hamal close, I weep uncontrollably, unable to understand what is happening.
I cannot handle this anymore. I need my father. I have to get him and Tilly. Poor Tilly.
Chapter 9
Goodbye Father.

JADA


Walking through the woods to get to my village, Im reminded of the times Father and I would come here for training practices. It was always fun, like a real life adventure. I knew it wasnt a game, and that the training was important, but I couldnt help but enjoy it. I loved hunting rabbits; they were so fast! Mother made the best rabbit stew.
But today the woods just remind me that Im alone, and of the day my father was kidnapped.
That day began like any other. Mother was making breakfast. I was reading in my room, and after breakfast Father and I were going to train. Reading and hunting were the only things I had to fill my day.
Bang, bang, bang!
Extremely loud gun shots filled the road outside my home, causing me to jump in surprise. I headed toward the hallway to a window that overlooked the main road. Terrified, I snuck a peek, hoping no one could see me.
The soldiers were in my village! They stood in front of the garden gate with black scarves covering their faces. I could only see their eyes.
Lifting their AK-47s in the air, they fired another round in the sky. Bang, bang, bang! Time stood still as I watched them. They turned to each other and laughed.
There were more soldiers with the AK-47s slung casually over their shoulders, and a black flag in their hands waving in the summer breeze. The horizon changed, and it filled with rows of soldiers carrying their guns and flags. There was a sea of darkness heading to my home.
Jada, Jada, Father yelled frantically as he ran up the stairs. But he wasnt scared of anything!
Whats happening? Who are they? I cried out. Mother and Lucas followed Father up the stairs.
Jada, its the army they are going to take me. Father pulled me into my parents bedroom by my arm. He lowered his head in shame. I thought wed be safe here. Ive failed all of you, and for that I am sorry.
It is not your fault. You saved me, and I will always love you, Mother said, and she hugged him.
What did she mean, you saved me?
Father, we can fight. You dont have to go with them! I protested.
Jada, I know you and your mother are both strong, but we are outnumbered.
He was right. Tears rolled down my face; I couldnt protect him, and if we ran theyd kill us.
Bang, bang, bang!
Lucas and I both jumped, hugging each other and crying. They were at our door. They were going to take him. Each bang on the door ripped my heart into pieces.
Men, it is time to leave your families and join our fight. Come in peace and no one will be hurt. This is your only warning! yelled the soldier.
Father placed his arms around us and hugged us. Then he kissed the tops of our heads.
I must go now. These men are not joking, Jada. Stay away from them protect your little Lucas. Father turned to my mother. Protect them all for me. I will return. We will be reunited again. He gave her a kiss as he left.
Tears streamed unchecked down my mothers face, and before I even turned around, I heard the front door close.
He was gone.
Running back over to the window, I saw Father being handcuffed and blindfolded as the soldiers pushed him into the back of a truck.
Remember every detail, Jada, remember everything I told myself that day.
Helplessly, I watched as the truck disappeared, taking my father with it. My eyes filled with tears.
I will find you.
Chapter 10
The Devil is Calling.

GERARD


Faith will be okay, Charles. Tell Victoria not to worry, I say.
Grard, Victoria wants to speak with you. Good luck. Keep Faith safe, or youll have Victoria to deal with, Charles jokingly informs me.
Great. All I want is to be in the middle of a war, and now Victoria also wants one. I dont know how Charles puts up with her. Shes a selfish woman, always going on about how we should be home, that this is not our problem. Every time Faith speaks to her, Victoria makes her feel awful. So bad, in fact, shes stopped taking these calls.
Victoria is telling Charles off in her phony, high-class voice. Faith sounds nothing like her even though Im sitting in a moving truck, I still hear Victoria barking orders in the background. Charles needs to divorce the evil bitch! I know hes only with her because of Kyra, but really, I cant think of anything worse than coming home to that every night. Faith and Victoria are complete opposites, thank God.
Give me the phone! she yells at Charles.
Poor guy really needs to grow some balls and get out of there.
Hi, Victoria. How are you? I ask her as politely as possible. This is going to be a fun call.
Dont give me that bullshit! Victoria yells. How is Faith? Was she hurt in the bombing at the hospital? Was she there? I need to speak to her now!
Shes okay. She cannot speak, since shes sleeping right now. Were in a truck on the way to another hospital. Yes, we were at the hospital that was bombed, I explain to her. I notice she doesnt ask if Im okay bitch.
Wake her up! Victoria demands.
Mom, calm down. Let Faith sleep, I hear Kyra say softly in the background. Kyra is a sweet girl; she looks like a mini version of Faith, always able to calm her crazy mom down. Kyra is very much like Faith, and I know Victoria hates that. Almost as much as she hates me, but I don't really care what she thinks.
Hi, Kyra, I yell. I know Victoria will hate that, but I cant resist.
Shut up, Grard! Its your fault Faith is there! She would never have gone there if she hadnt met you. Get her home! I dont understand why you people are there anyway Its not your war!
Id never intentionally put Faith in danger after losing Mia. She was the first person I cared for. After Mia died, I couldnt let anyone else in. But Faith somehow found a way into my heart. I thought it was impossible to love again until I met her.
Faith was the one who told me about this hospital; she forced me to come. I would never let her go on her own, and we had many arguments about coming here. But in the end, she won. I knew if I was here with her, I could keep her alive. I had to.
Victoria, youre breaking up on me I think we have a bad line. I pretend the phone is no longer working and hang up on the meddling witch.
Chapter 11
Black as Liquorice.

JADA


My beating heart gets stronger and stronger with each step I take. I can hear it pounding in my ears, ringing out the song of a thumping drum. My heart longs for them to be okay. What horrors am I going to face when I reach my village? I pray to see my mother standing in the kitchen asking me if Im hungry, and to see Lucas playing in the garden. What if Mother and Lucas were in the hospital and I left them?
As I step into the village boundaries, the sun begins to peek out from behind the hilltops. I see the first rays of the sun grace the village before my eyes to announce the new day a day that Ill remember for the rest of my life. A day that will be more horrific than my father could ever prepare me for.
I will never be the same again.
My heart grows cold, and the icy chill flows down to my bones. My eyes widen at the sight in front of me, of the town I once loved.
I am alone.
Shapes of bodies lie on the path in front of me, leading me to my home.
I feel myself tighten up and my feet cement to the ground, unwilling to move forward. I stand there trembling with rage I want to kill them all! Every last one of those animals!
Compose yourself, Jada!
I look away from the horrific sight, trying to contain my anger. Instead, I focus to the side of me  its a village store, perfectly intact, the windows still in place and unbroken. No rubble on the floor. It looks perfectjust as I remember. Theres even a table outside filled with fresh shining fruit and vegetables.
My body stops trembling and my muscles relax as I take a step forward, no longer frozen to the ground. I Approach the fruit stand and the fresh, sweet smell of citrus fills the air for a split second, then the air changes to nauseatingly rancid, almost putrid. The smell is so thick and rich, I can almost taste it.
Without thinking, I take one step forward. Oh, God no!
Mohammad, the store keeper, was a very old man whod been out of town when the other men were kidnapped. Poor Mohammed was saved from the kidnapping attack, but now hes dead!
He lies in the doorway of the store with one side of his face burnt beyond recognition.
His flesh is seared to the bone with angry blisters around the edge of the wound.
Parts of his skin are gone, leaving nothing but charred and blackened chunks. He looks like he died in excruciating pain, the poor man. His mouth is gaping open, and I can see a flash of something green inside. An apple.
My mouth fills with saliva, and I begin to feel woozy and get a stomach ache. No, I cannot be sick, not again. Looking back at Mohammad, the nausea is gone. Closing my eyes, the wooziness slips away, and my mouth feels back to normal. Am I getting used to the horror around me? Is that it?
Im not sure what makes me feel sicker, the body at my feet or that Ive become so numb to seeing the carnage. I stand there in a daze. Is this all a dream a really horrible nightmare? Am I going to wake up?
I can do this. I can get to my home, I say to myself. What sights will I see when I get there? The image of my mother and Lucas fills my mind of their burnt bodies. I cannot put it off any longer. I have to see my mother and Lucas. Please Lord, let them be okay!
I have to see them now, so I focus on running home. Clenching my fists together, my body feels like a ticking time bomb of anger ready to explode. I see bodies lying on the ground, one after another, from the corner of my eye.
The whole village is dead. They killed everyone. Hot rage burns in my veins; I want nothing more than to torture them all the same way they have tortured the innocent around me.
Then I see something else, and I immediately halt. Is someone alive? I spin around in the direction of the moving object. Its a black Labrador dog. He halts in shock when he sees me. Looking straight at me with his head slightly cocked, he just stares with his large, innocent eyes.
He opens his mouth and flashes his pink tongue, like hes trying to smile. I smile back. I love animals, sometimes more than people, because they dont judge. All they want is love.
His ears point upwards, and he begins to wag his tail. He watches me with hopeful eyes. I kneel down to the ground and pat my knees. Come here. Good boy, come here.
He slowly approaches, taking cautious steps. As I pat my knees, he happily snorts and bounces towards me. My anger fades somewhat just by making a little room for joy over my new friend.
He rubs his nose on the side of my cheek, leaving a wet trail. I place my arm around the dogs neck, and he nuzzles his head into my side.
The hairs on his nose tickle, and the warmth of his body fills me within a second.
It has been a long time, too long, since I have felt a warm body. His whole body shakes as he wags his tail.
His mouth is open and saliva drips down as he pants with joy. He continues to rub me under the head. Pushing me to the ground, he licks my face, covering me in wet kisses. I begin to laugh. My laughter takes us both by surprise, and he jumps back in shock. How long has it been since hes heard a voice? I stand up and pat my knees again. Within a split second, he is there, standing at my side.
Dont scare him off, I tell myself.
I smile down at him. Whats your name?
He just looks up at me with his big black eyes, tail wagging.
Mmm, I think I will call you Liquorice. He flops his tail, mouth open, flashing his teeth. Yes, Liquorice it is. Will you come with me?
He looks up and takes one step in front. Its like he knows I need him. Maybe we need each other.
I begin to run, hoping that hell follow me, and he does. Liquorice jogs by my side as both of us focus on the finish line. I know there are bodies all around us the whole village must be here. As I get closer to my home, I think about the last time I saw my mother and Lucas.
Where were they?
I remember they were in the garden playing with chalks on the path that leads to the front door. Lucas was drawing pictures of people, his favorite subject. Why was I not in the garden with them? Where was I? I need to remember!
Thats it I was in my room reading, lost in one of my silly novels, to take me out of the life I was living in. I mustve fallen asleep before the attack took place. Maybe thats why Im still alive -- because I wasnt near the blast. Mother and Lucas could still be alive, just like me.
I begin to sprint closer to my house. I am here. My mother and Lucas are laid out on the front path. I quickly swing open the metal gate, just like when I was waiting for my father to return from work.
I run over to my mother my beautiful mother. She looks like she is sleeping, lying there on the ground with her arm reaching out for my brother. Lucas is beside her, their fingertips touching. Collapsing to my knees, my body buckles over my mothers corpse. Uncontrollable sobbing and howling words pour from my mouth, but nothing is making sense. They cannot be dead. They cannot be.
Mother, wake up. Wake up. I shake my mothers lifeless body. She doesn't move, and she never will. My world is tumbling down in front of me. They have disappeared forever.
Im all alone now.
They took my father and killed everyone I love. My body has an overwhelming feeling of emptiness complete despair. I wish Id died with them.
My heart is broken and it feels like someone just stabbed me in my chest. Guilt rushes through me, a deep regret for all those things I left unsaid, and for all the times I couldve said I love you to someone. I lay my hands over my mothers heart and sob.
Dark spots from my tears appear on my mothers blue dress. I stare at them, remembering when my father brought home this dress as a surprise for her.
She was so excited. We would walk past the store every day when mother picked us up from school. Shed stop and stare at it. Happiness filled her face, and she looked so young, too young to have me as her daughter.
When Father gave it to her, she leaped for joy like a happy schoolgirl. Fashion show! Fashion show! we all chanted. Mother laughed and went into her room. Five minutes later, she walked out of her bedroom and glided up and down the hallway like she was on a catwalk.
Then she twirled, the blue dress shimmering in the living room, and her smile grew wider. Father jumped up and spun her around, laughing. They kissed, and warmth filled my heart as I looked at them. They were in love true love.
Stop kissing, youre going to make me puke,
Lucas said, laughing. Father kissed Mother again, and Lucas pretended to gag.
Five more minutes, I cry out. Just five more minutes, Mother.
Yuck, whats that on my face?
Opening my eyes, I see a big pink tongue licking me across my cheek. Its Liquorice. Im saddened to be woken from my dream all I want to do is to go back to happier times when my father was here and my mother and brother were still alive.
Slowly, I lift my head up from my mothers cold body. Liquorice nudges under my chin, helping me up. He moves closer to me and laps up the tears from my face. Im totally numb as I stand looking over my mothers and brothers lifeless bodies.
My brother was only five he hadn't even lived yet! How dare they steal his innocent life? How dare they! They are all going to hell, and Im going to send them there! Anger towards them is raging through my body. Im going to use every piece of my fathers training to kill whoever did this in the most painful way. I will show them no mercy!
Saliva is dripping from my brothers mouth. I use the bottom of my shirt to wipe it clean. I spit on my hand and brush his hair just the way mother used to do. Then I ruffle it a little, just enough that they would both like it.
Bending down, I kiss my tiny little brother on his forehead. Im sorry I didnt protect you. I set one arm under his neck and another under his legs, slowly raising him from the ground, hugging him for the last time. A piece of chalk rolls from his hand and onto the concrete. He just wanted to draw.
Then I slowly lay Lucas on my mothers chest, carefully placing his head so it looks up at her. I take her straightened arm and wrap it carefully around her young son. A strand of shiny brown hair peeks through her scarf. I tuck the piece back in and kiss her on her cheek.
Its like Im in a trance I feel so numb, like Im living in the darkest nightmare and am unable to wake up from it.
I wander over to Mothers favorite garden. Sitting on the grass, I select the most beautiful jasmine flower  the one with six perfect petals. The sweet scent drifts up my nose as I brush the other blooms. Then I choose a fiery red rose with fresh leaves and no brown around the edges. I carefully pick it, avoiding the thorns on the stem. I delicately arrange the flowers into bunches, then I pull out a long piece of grass and wrap it around the bouquet.
Looking down on my arrangement, I know my mother would be proud.
I walk over to my loved ones, carefully opening my mothers hand and placing the bouquet in it. I wrap her fingers around them and then place her other arm on top.
She looks beautiful. Like an angel.
Lucas is missing his little pastel blue blanket. Hes had it since he was a toddler, and he would rub it between his fingers at night before falling asleep. I used to tease him about it, calling him a baby. If only I could take that back, now. Im sorry Lucas! He is a big boy now, so the blanket stays indoors in his room.
The front of the house is open are the soldiers in there? How did I get out of the house? Who rescued me? I wished theyd left me to die with my family!
Nervously, I step into the hallway and stand there silently, motionless, listening for any sounds. I hold my breath for several long moments. There is no one here only the dead are left. I leap up the stairs two at a time to Lucas room, and suddenly Mothers voice rings through my head, walk like a lady.
Lucas room is a mess, with his toys all over the floor. I reach his bed, but the blanket isnt there. Where is it? I lift the duvet up nope, not there. Under his pillow? Nope.
I lie down on the floor and look under the bed. Oh boy there is so much rubbish under here. I see a corner of the blanket peeking out from beneath some paper. I pull out the blanket, and the paper follows.
Its one of Lucas newest drawings. Hed drawn all of us. Mother, Father, Lucas and me all standing together, smiling, grass under our feet and the sun shining brightly in the sky. A single tear rolls down my face, onto the top of my lips. I have no more tears left, but the shooting pain in my heart reminds me that Im still alive.
The picture will never be real. Lucas used to cry when he was drawing pictures of Father, because he kept forgetting what his smile looked like. Mother and I would show him photos of Father smiling to help him. There will never be any more happy drawings. Im broken inside.
I carefully place the drawing into my pocket, and I hope that it will remind me of a happier time. I cuddle up to Lucas blanket with a lump in my throat. I can still smell him. Anger replaces my sadness as my body fills with rage.
I rush down the stairs to give the blanket to my brother. I dont want my anger anywhere near his blanket. I lift up Lucas arm and place it underneath. He will feel better for having it, I tell myself. Brushing his hair to the side again, I kiss him softly and lean over to my mother and kiss her one last time. I close my eyes.
Dear Lord please take my mother and brother to a refreshing land of freedom, peace and joy. Let them pass to you unharmed through the gates of Heaven to dwell with the blessed in light. Let them rise with all the saints to inherit your eternal kingdom. I ask you, Lord, to protect my family. Amen.
I love you, I say. Then I turn and walk away.
Chapter 12
Hes Back.

ZAK


Army tracks surround the factory where my father works.
Fucking hell, theyve been here.
Hundreds of boots have left tread marks in the drying, sandy ground. Between the tracks there are mixtures of different footprints, and then weird lines, like people have been unwillingly dragged somewhere.
Jesus, I hope Father wasnt one of them.
There is a lone white sneaker in the middle of the path with splatters of blood on it. Its not my fathers shoe, thank God.
This building is not on fire and not even smoldering. In fact, it looks out of place. All the other structures are charcoal black, and this is white with windows. It feels wrong.
Before, this was the ugliest one in the village; now its the only one standing. The whole place is silent. From the markings on the ground, it looks like the army has been here and left.
I slowly look through the open door, expecting to see bodies on the floor. But there is no one. Phew. I let out a sigh of relief. The factory corridor is empty.
My heart is beating so loudly, I feel as if it is screaming to the soldiers. I take in a deep breath. I walk into the corridor; flashes of the horror in the school hallways keep appearing in front of my eyes. But there is no blood here, and the silence is deafening.
My father used to bring me here when I was little. Then, as I got older, Id pop by on the way home for money and candy. I wish I was just coming to ask for some money now.
All the machines are off. Ive never heard the factory this quiet before.
I head over to the area where my father works. His station is empty. He isnt there. No one is. I check the dining area empty. I check the main offices nothing.
Scared to my soul, I have to check the bathroom. I swing open the door, preparing for the worst. I have one foot in and the other in the corridor ready to run away, but my preparation is wasted. It too is completely empty. This whole place is vacant. Where is everyone?
I walk out of the factory, confused. Where is everyone, where is my father? I kick the dust on the ground. Whose shoe was on the floor? There is a track beside it.
I follow the path, and it soon becomes clear that the tracks have been made by someone who is injured. There are specks of blood. The trail goes around the side of the building and then disappears into the woods.
I stare at the bushes up ahead, looking for any kind of movement. But the shrubs just dance in the wind. The injured person must be in there; maybe theyll have a clue as to where my father is.
Then I hear a whimpering, a very low moaning, like an injured animal.
The bushes are moving in a different direction from the others blowing in the wind. I can see that this particular shrub is darker, like someone is hiding in the shadows.
I cautiously step forward, not wanting to scare whoever is hiding there. Hello, I mean you no harm. I am Zechariah Shahzad, the son of Reuben Shahzad. Are you okay?
Nothing happens for a few seconds, and then the bushes begin to move again. I step closer and lean over to see a thin man lying on the ground with a gunshot wound in his leg.
The top of his pants are covered in blood, and drip marks show on the lower part of his leg. He gives me a hopeful look.
His face is worn and covered in wrinkles. I can see he was once a happy man.
He has smile wrinkles in the corners of his eyes, like hundreds of tiny spider webs. Mud, dirt, and dried blood sticks in the canyons now. The man is around my height, but he looks like a bag of bones, frail and hungry.
Hello, sir. I am Zechariah. Everyone calls me Zak. Are you okay?
The man reaches out his hand to me. I take a firm hold and help him off the muddy ground.
Sir, do you know where my father is?
The man struggles to steady himself, leaning to one side, unable to put pressure on his left leg.
They took him. They took them all, he finally mumbles.
Where did they take him?
The man shrugs his shoulders. I don't know, dear boy. I don't know.
Who took him? I quickly ask.
The soldiers. They took them all except me.
Why didnt they take you?
The man lowers his bald head in shame.
Because because I'm old and useless, he stutters, embarrassed by the words coming out of his mouth.
What do you mean, 'because you are useless'? I have to know everything if Im going to find my father.
The man begins to tell me everything that happened:

It was a normal day in the factory. Wed just begun work, and over the speaker system there was an announcement. Gentlemen, today you have a choice... to protect your family or murder your family. Everyone immediately stopped what we were doing and turned off the machines.
We wondered if we'd heard correctly. We all looked up to the office windows above us where the speaker system was, and the window was filled with soldiers dressed in their combat uniforms with their sleeves rolled up, holding rifles in their hands for everyone to see.
In the middle, the Captain was holding the microphone, wearing a red beret with a gold badge. The doors opened to the factory floor, and soldiers marched in, one after another. It was like the whole countrys army was there with rifles in their hands.
Gentlemen, hard working men, you have a choice. Come with me quietly, or you and your families will all be killed.
Everyone froze in their tracks with their feet cemented to the ground, turning their heads from side to side staring at their co-workers, not knowing what to do.
I looked back up to the window where the captain was, but he was gone. Like a phantom, he had disappeared, but then he reappeared on the factory floor.
Time to go! the Captain ordered. No one moved. He shot me in the leg, and I fell to the ground. Everyone was frozen except your father. He was at the station next to me, and he dove over and placed his arm around me. Go now, or youll be shot like the old man! the Captain yelled. They all hurried to the door, terrified. Your father... he stayed kneeling down at my side. The Captain walked over to him and asked, Do you have a family?
Yes, replied your father.
Then you have a choice,' the captain said Stay with this old, worthless man and die with him, or come with us now. I told your father to go. He had no choice.
He looked down at me with a tear in his eye and said, Im sorry. I have to do this for my family. And then he left with the Captain.
Chapter 13
Goodbye Jada.

JADA


Turning on my heels, I walk inside the family home. The door bangs shut, and its like the world outside is gone, like nothing is real anymore. The old Jada died when I kissed my family and sent them off to heaven. My life has changed forever. I can hear the demons in my mind, wanting revenge. Im too tired to argue with them, so they become distant background noise.
My stomach begins to rumble, taking me away from the monsters in my head. When was the last time I ate? Like a zombie, I walk into the kitchen and open the fridge door, taking out sliced ham, cheese, and butter. I get a plate and two slices of bread, but when I open the butter, its melted. I make a sandwich with potato chips on the side. Im thirsty, so I pour myself a glass of orange soda.
I take everything into the front room and set it on the table. Its sandwich and television time. I try to turn it on, but nothing happens. The power is off. Great. I sit on the sofa and finish my sandwich. Its weird I feel like Im not here, its as if my body has taken over because my mind has shut down. I have to snap out of it and find my father. I need a plan.
Father taught me to be prepared for anything. I need to get ready for the journey ahead of me.
Heading to the cupboard, I take Fathers big, black backpack down and empty everything from it. The smell of rotten food wafts out, like it hasnt been cleaned in ages. The bag is full of pockets  this will be perfect. It feels like Im acting, as if someone has taken over my brain, blocking it from the trauma of the death outside. Its scary to feel out of control, but its better than reality.
I take a mini leather case from the top shelf and set it by the bottom of the stairs Ill sort that out later. Next, I take down a small tin Mother showed me when Father was kidnapped. Jada, if anything happens, take everything from here. Do you understand?
Inside are Mother's, Fathers, Lucas and my passports, as well as two hundred dollars. Ive never had this amount of money before. The most I've had was ten dollars that I got for my birthday. There is also a sliver key with a ring on it which reads "62276" on one side, and on the opposite side is an address. I place it back in the tin and put it inside one of the backpack pockets to keep it safe.
Like a robot following my fathers orders, I move on to the next thing -- food. I open the fridge. This food will not last long in my backpack.
I make a pile of sandwiches and wrap them up in foil. I take an apple and then head over to the cupboard and take some crackers, potato chips, and cereal bars. I need light foods that will last. I pour some Cheerios into a bag.
There are some crackers with cheese spread in them  Lucas favorite snacks. I grab them all. There hasn't been much food since all the prices went up and we cut back on eating, saving this kind of food as a luxury.
I take some candles from the next cupboard, a box of matches, and the travel first aid kit. Perfect. I open it to check that everything is in there. Water I have to pack water. I take a bottle from the side, making sure nothing spills out. My fathers survival instructions ring through my head as I prepare everything. Its almost as if hes here with me. I know hes not really but it helps.
Carefully I place everything in the backpack, filling every space at the bottom. Ill need room for clothes on the top. I add the water bottle to the side mesh pocket, closing the drawstring.
That was tiring work. I place the bag by the front door and make a quick stop at the restroom.
Shifting my attention toward getting clean, I turn the taps on for a bath and run to my room to grab some fresh clothes. Mother always said layers are the key to staying warm, so I take some of everything.
I shove the clothes, along with the toilet paper, into the bag at the bottom of the stairs. I throw a thin jacket over the top of it. I take the little leather suitcase in the hall and set it in my bedroom. I will sort that out after my bath. Following my parents' routines helps me to disconnect from the world.
Its bath time. I strip down, and it becomes clear how much I need to bathe. Looking in the bathrooms full length mirror, I appear almost like Im still wearing clothes. My fingernails are covered in mud, and my hands are black with dirt and dried blood.
I notice something I hadnt spotted before a square white bandage, about 2 inches by 2 inches, on my arm. I peel it back to see my white skin under it, along with angry bruises and a needle hole.
They mustve put something in me when I was in the hospital. I rip the bandage off, throwing it in the trash. I check the rest of my body. No more surprises, just dirt, bruises, and lots of small cuts. This hot bath is going to sting like crazy when I get in. I fill it with the last of the bubble bath so hopefully I can clean the smell of death out of my nostrils.
After the bath, I decide to rest in my bedroom for the last time.
Chapter 14
Trust Me.

GERARD


Grard, where are you? Faith suddenly wakes from her unconscious state. God, its nice to hear her voice.
Im here, Faith. Calm down, it's okay, I try to reassure her. I kneel down, brushing her hair from her face.
Faith tries to sit up, holding her bandaged arm, but falls back down onto the bed, wincing in agony. I hate to see her in pain. She pretends to be tough, but I know my Faith is really a softy.
Grard, where are they taking us? What about the children? Did they get out?
Faith, you need to rest. You are safe. The UN came, and they are taking us to the hospital, I tell her.
What do you mean the UN came? Panic fills her voice. I dont understand why she is upset.
You took a bad hit to the head, I tell her. You have a concussion, and you need to rest. Shes going to have a nasty scar, but her hair will hide most of it. I dont tell her this part.
No, you dont understand! I told Jada to run. I told her to run! Faith screams at me.
Why did you tell her to run? I ask, confused.
When the soldiers came in, I told her to run. I thought it was the rebels. Tears roll down her face. I couldnt see them, but I could hear them. I heard their heavy boots stomping on the ground, so I told her to run. I thought they would take her and force her to be a soldier or sell her as a child bride. Faith is unable to control her emotions anymore and explodes into tears. She is crumbling in front of my eyes at the thought of what is happening to Jada.
Jada asked me to protect her. I sent her out into the wild, and they will get her! she sobs.
Shes right. Jada will not be able to survive out there on her own. Shes just a child.
She will be okay, I say reassuringly.
You know she wont be okay! Dont lie to me! Shell starve to death, or theyll find her! Faith yells.
Shes right. Jada will die out there, or worse. Faith made Jada a promise, so it basically means I made a promise as well. If anyone can find her I can, but time is running out. I just hope Jadas got some sense about her and hides.
Ill find her, I promise. Faith will never be able to live with herself if I dont. I have to find her. Jesus, I have found terrorists all around the world, surely I can find one girl.
What do you mean you will find her? Faith looks confused with my reply.
Fuck Fuck Fuck! Hold it together!
You know, I was a soldier. I still have contacts, and they owe me a few favors. She doesnt need to know any more than this, not now, not ever, or shell run at the first chance she gets. I cannot lose her the way I lost Mia.
Really? Do you think we can find her?
Ill do everything I can, I promise you that. Leaning over, I kiss Faith on the head. I cannot promise that I will find Jada. Shes been gone for hours. She could have already been taken by the rebels. She could already be dead.
Faith presses her lips together and nods as her eyes fill up.
Sir, sir? Excuse me, sir. The silence is broken. I turn around, following the sound. Behind me, sitting on the truck floor, is a young boy around Jadas age with a bloodied bandage over his eye. He has his arm wrapped around a young girl who is nervously biting her nails.
Sir, the boy repeats.
Yes, what is it son?
Sir, did you say the girls name was Jada, the one who ran?
Silence falls once again in the truck. The boy becomes aware that everyone is watching him.
Yes, her name is Jada.
If its the same Jada that I went to school with, I know where she lives, the boy informs us.
Faith is alert at this point. You know her? she asks calmly.
I think so, maam. We were at school together, but once the war started, she stopped going. We all did The poor kid looks so nervous. Was Jada about my age?
Faith and I look at the boy.
How old are you? She does look around your age, maybe a little younger? I smile to help make him feel at ease talking to me.
Im fourteen. Jada and I were lucky; we look young, I guess. I think thats how were still alive.
Where do you think she has gone? I ask him. Jesus, I hope he has an idea, because hes my only lead at this point.
Where we all want to go: we want to go home. She would go home, he replies without hesitation. Hes right. Where would a scared child go? They would go to the security of their family.
Do you know where she lives? Faith asks quickly.
Yes, in the village next to mine. I once went to a birthday party at her house, he says. I cannot believe what Im going to have to ask him.
The poor boy and the girl next to him look like theyve already been to hell and back.
Can you show me? I feel guilty for asking as soon as the question leaves my mouth, but hes the only hope Jada has.
The boy looks down to his feet.
Please, I beg you. Shell die out there on her own, Faith pleads.
The small girl stops biting her fingernails, or what is left of them, and looks up at us. He will show you.
The boy looks over and shakes his head.
Youre her only hope, the girl says. You must. What if it was me who was missing?
The boy lets out a deep sigh. Okay. I will show you.
Chapter 15
Wander.

JADA


Akar walks into the town, looking for food, alcohol and a new bride. He pauses at the sight in front of him and selfishly laughs at the dead bodies. This is going to be an easy village to take over, he thinks to himself. They already killed everyone for me.
He strolls over to the local shop and, without blinking, steps over the corpse in the store with no pity or remorse in his beady eyes. Hello hello? There is a customer here. I would like some help. Akar knows no one will come out. This is a game he likes to play each time he enters the store. Okay, so I will help myself, he laughs. He plunges his oversized sweaty hands into the jar on the counter.
Pulling out a handful candy, he shovels it into his mouth. Then he walks behind the counter. Wheres the alcohol? What kind of store is this?! he shouts with candy and saliva dripping from his mouth.
He angrily stomps up the street, sweat rolling down his face.
Too tired to continue walking, he decides to go into a home and find a drink.
He swings open the rusty metal gate. The front door is open, and another body is in the doorway. Akar pokes his head in. Hello, is there anyone there? He wheezes for breath. Thank God, no one is here. He steps over the corpse and shuts the door behind him, but it wont close. Akar kicks the body out of the way and onto the front path, and then slams the door behind him.
He walks into the kitchen to find the alcohol. Finally, he yells, taking a bottle of whiskey from the cupboard. He lifts the bottle and takes a big gulp as he walks into the living room.
Thats better, Akar says to himself. He goes to turn on the TV, but nothing happens. No bloody power! Now what am I going to do? He paces up and down in the living room, and something catches his eye. He looks out of the window carefully so as not to be spotted. What is it? Its a girl and a black dog.
The girl looks like Farah, but it cannot be; shes dead. Died in childbirth. This is another girl and she looks older than Farah. She can be his new wife. He licks his lips with greed and downs another gulp of whiskey.
I will not make the same mistakes with this one.
He pulls a chair closer to the window and flops his obese body down. What is the girl doing? he asks himself.
Shes on the ground, bent over the body. I guess its her mother. Shes come home to find her mother dead. I guess her father was taken or killed just as the other men. Akars face fills with an evil smile.
She will be all mine, just as Farah was.
Chapter 16
Goodbye.

ZAK


Zak, wheres Mother? my sister Tilly asks me as we walk up a slope away from her school. After I found out my father was taken, I ran to get Tilly; shes all I have left. God, what can I say?
Shes with the angels, in clouds. A lump fills my throat as I try to explain to my little sister that our mother is gone forever.
What do you mean?
Dear Lord, help me, help me explain why these monsters burnt our home down.
Sahar, Haythams mother, places her arm around Tilly. God, Im glad Sahar and her family followed me out of the school.
Tilly, your mother has gone to live with the angels, but shell always be watching over you, Sahar says.
Is my mother dead? My little sisters face turns white, as the words pour from her tiny mouth.
Yes, dear child, your mother is dead, Sahar replies. Tilly wiggles out from under Sahar arms and into mine.
Tell me its not true, Zak. Tell me! Tilly demands.
I wish I could lie and tell her Mother is not dead, that we are all going back home to be with our family, and that everything is just like a normal day. But its not, and I cannot lie.
Tilly, it is true. Mother is not alive anymore. Before I finishing speaking, tears roll down her face, followed by a high-pitched scream.
Noooo!!
She buries her head in my shoulder and sobs. A striking pain fills my heart as it breaks in half.
Well give you a moment together, Sahar says, as she and the others continue up the slope.
As we lower our bodies to the ground, I cradle Tilly like a baby in my arms, slowly rocking back and forth like my mother did when Tilly was little.
Silently I sit there, watching the smoke from our villages bellow into the sky, and listening to the sound of a child realizing shell never see her mother again. How am I going to tell her about Ali or Father? I dont think she can take it.
Did it hurt, was she in pain? Tillys question breaks the silence. Im going to lie; there is no way Im telling her the truth she should never know the truth.
She wasnt in pain. There was a fire.
Was she burned? Panic fills Tillys voice.
Even a child can understand the pain of being burned.
No, no. She was sleeping in her bed, and the smoke filled her lungs.
So she went to live with the angels in her sleep?
I can feel my eyes fill up, but I must keep it together for my sisters sake. I nod.
Shes with Grandma now. You know how much she missed Grandma, and Zak, Im going to miss her, Tilly says.
I know that youll miss her. I will as well. I miss her already; I just wish my last memory of her wasnt her charred body. At least Tilly will never see that image in her mind.
What about Father and Ali, where are they? Are they dead as well?
I cannot tell Tilly about the school and what the soldiers did to Ali. He was like a superhero to her; they were always playing around together, and hed carry her on his shoulders. She was too heavy for me to do that. I have to admit I was always a bit jealous of their relationship.
Ali was at home with Mother. He was asleep on the sofa. Lie after lie after lie
What?! Ali is dead as well? This doesnt make sense! Tilly yells. Why was he at home? He was meant to be at school!
Shit, she knows Im lying  think Zak, think!
I guess he forgot his gym stuff. You know he always forgets his bag. Please buy it, Tilly. I cannot tell you the truth, I just can't.
He does forget a lot of stuff, she admits. But why were you home?
I pause and think quickly. I had a bad stomach.
What about Father? Her tone indicates shes braced herself for bad news. Thank God at least I can tell her the truth about him give her something to fight for.
Father is alive 
Tilly jumps to her feet, with a smile across her face.
  But the soldiers took him, I finish.
Sadness washes back over her as she slumps her shoulders.
Where did they take him? she asks.
Jesus, how do I know? I wish I had the answers; I really do. Im as lost as well.
I dont know where they took him, but I am going to find him!
Tilly looks down at me proudly, reaching out her hand to help me. Rising up from the ground, I can see the unthinkable sight unfolding in front of me  the soldiers are entering Tillys school. I got her out just in time.
But the other children wont be as lucky.
Chapter 17
Beware: You Do Not Know What You Have Woken.

JADA


I have become conscious of the fact that someone is in my room. There is a dark shadow at the foot of my bed looking down on me.
I lie still and pretend Im still asleep, or better, dead. My body is ice cold he has removed my blanket, and hes looking at me. I feel so vulnerable right now. How he dare make me feel this way in my own room!
His breath reeks of alcohol, and his body stinks of repulsive sweat as if he hasnt washed for days. I have to force myself not to vomit. Who is he? What does he want? My mother warned me about men like these once the war broke out, and my father taught me what to do with them. I am not weak. I will defend myself to the death if I have to.

At the start of the war, my parents tried to pretend everything would be fine, and that it was the grownups problems, not childrens.
But after a few months, things changed.
Planes flew over our house at night. Lucas and I would watch from the window. It was fun at first to see them, and then it just became normal.
As the months went by, we had less and less food. When I asked my father why, he told me the food prices had increased by four times the amount they were paying before the war, and instead of helping others, people were getting greedy. My parents really cut back on their food; Mother was already slim, but she was shrinking right before my eyes. It disgusted me that people were making a profit from this war, but Father told me not to worry. Were a smart family, and well be fine.
I didnt know what he meant by that. It became clear the next morning when he was in the back garden with a large bundle of wire.
Whats that for? I asked.
A big smile crossed his face. He was so handsome when he smiled, and it was nice to see him happy for a change.
You and I are going to get chickens today, he said excitedly.
What? Chickens!
Father laughed. Yes, chickens.
Okay, you have finally lost it. Does Mother know?
Yes, and she thinks its a good idea, my father said proudly. He was as excited as a schoolboy, and I shook my head. But maybe it was a good idea If the prices of food were going up, then we had to control them. But whats next, a cow? The thought made me giggle.
What you laughing at? Father asked.
Nothing, I replied, forcing myself to keep a straight face.
Then a thought struck You know, there are lots of rabbits and birds in the fields out back. We, umm, I hesitated a moment. We could get a gun, and you know, find them
Father gave me a surprised glance. We dont need to get a gun. Ill need to check with your mother, but I think its time for me to teach you how to shoot. And who knows, maybe we could get some lunch out of it as well, he said with a smile. He patted me on my head and walked into the house.
As I sat down on the grass and smelled the flowers in the garden, I could not believe how he had responded; he hadn't seemed shocked at all, but was excited about my idea. I pulled at the grass nervously while I waited for him to return.
I bet Mother will say no. There is no way shell let me fire a gun. I began to weave long green pieces of grass through the chicken fence as I waited.
I lay back and closed my eyes, feeling the sun beaming down on my face. I put my hand under my head. Nice tan time.
A few minutes later a shadow crossed me, and I opened my eyes. Father was standing there with a huge grin, holding what appeared to be a mini leather briefcase.
She said yes?
Father nodded and looked over to the side on the house. Mother was standing there wearing her blue dress, looking beautiful as always, but she had a concerned look on her face. She smiled at me and nodded her approval.
Thanks, Mother! I shouted. She smiled and walked back into the house. Father reached out his hand for me, helping me up.
Why did Mother look sad?
Because youre growing up, Father replied. She would like a chat with you later about safety stuff.
Of course she would. I nodded and smiled. Nothing could dampen my excitement! This was the best thing to happen to me in months. The war really had changed everything. I hadnt been to school for weeks and weeks after they started to bomb places. Friends moved away, many saying they were never coming back. Some people stayed because they didnt have the money to leave, which was our problem too, although my parents would never admit it.
Father and I were out in the garden, and the birds were singing all around us. It was a beautiful summer day, and I loved days like that when it was just the two of us. I chuckled to myself at the irony of appreciating how beautiful nature was while I was heading off to the woods to catch something for lunch. But it seemed right. We were hungry, and God put food on the earth for us.
Checking that no one was around, Father placed the handgun into the palm of my hand. It was heavier than I thought it would be, but I could carry it just fine. It fit my hand like a well-tailored glove. Carefully, I wrapped my fingers around it. Dont worry, its not loaded yet, Father told me.
But I wasnt worried, not one little bit. I felt alive.
I gripped the textured handle in my right hand, pointing the barrel down to the dancing green grass. My thumb rested on one side, with my pinky finger on the handle. My hand began to tremble because I was holding it too tightly. I relaxed my shoulders a little, and the shaking stopped. It was a bit weird, but I felt like Id held a gun before, like I knew what to do with it.
My father watched me closely. Youre a natural. I guess you take after me. Lets see if your target skills are natural as well. He looked proud of me, but also uncomfortable.
I wondered why I knew he was in the army for a long time, but he never talked about it.
Watch me this is how you should stand, he said.
I watched him intensely as he stood with his feet about shoulder-width apart, his arms extended.
I copied my father as he went through the motions and got into the same stance as him. Father reached out his hand. Pass me the gun, time to add the bullets and practice.
Whoa, bullets! Best day ever.
Father loaded the ammunition in the chamber by pulling back the slide. I watched him and tried to memorize each step.
He passed me the gun, pointing it down to the ground. Be careful, its loaded.
I took the gun from him; it felt a little bit heavier now. As instructed, I kept it pointed it down toward the ground.
Father said, Raise the gun into position.
I pointed it at eye level, with the tree as my target.
Now get a good focus. Take a deep breath, half exhale, and slowly squeeze the trigger.
I did as he said. The bullet flew out with lighting speed.
A loud bang followed, and all the birds in the tree flew away. The force of the shot made me step back. Lowering my hand to the side, I looked over to my father. He was smiling proudly, and I passed the gun back to him.
Lets see where it landed. We walked over to the tree, looking straight at the point where I was aiming.
I did it! I did it! I jumped for joy.
Jada, youre a natural! Lets practice every day. This can be your new schooling, Father laughed.
Sounds perfect to me!

Before falling asleep, I carefully place a gun under my pillow. My parents had taught me to be prepared for everything.

The day my father first taught me to use a gun, my mother followed through on that conversation with me. When I came back to the house after training, Mother was sitting in the front room. I went and sat next to her. Father nodded and placed the leather briefcase with the gun on the top shelf of the cupboard under the stairs.
Father quickly called Lucas to help him with the chicken wire fence, and they disappeared outside.
I hoped this was not going to be one of those awkward mother-daughter chats; that would put a damper on my day. We sat on the brown sofa in the front room; our house was one of the smallest in the village, but suddenly it felt even smaller. I sensed that this was going to be an important conversation, maybe not to me, but to her.
She patted the space beside her, indicating I should move closer. I shuffled over. She brushed my bangs to the side and tucked the lone piece of hair behind my ear. She smiled at me for a second, making me feel a little uncomfortable. I could tell something was wrong.
Then with her soft, loving voice she began to speak. Jada, my darling, you are getting older. Youre such a strong and beautiful girl. Im very proud to be your mother. Always remember that I love you. She paused for a moment and then continued. I wish you were older, able to live your childhood as innocently as I did. All the other children around the world are, but unfortunately that is not the case here. And as your parents, we have to prepare you.
Prepare me for what?
Tears slowly filled her eyes, and then she took a deep breath to compose herself.
We are in the middle of a war. The most horrific war a person could imagine. A war in which soldiers and rebels are killing everyone, including children. I know you heard your father and me speaking about the bombings at the schools and churches
I looked up at her and nodded silently.
No one is safe, and you cant trust anyone. If you are scared, run and hide. If you cannot run, protect yourself any way that you possibly can. Even if it means their life for yours. Father will teach you everything he knows to prepare you for the worst. God will always be on your side. Remember that.
My gaze dropped to the ground. I knew what Mother was saying: always protect yourself, no matter what. Could I do that? Could I kill someone? Thats basically what my mother was telling me to do, and my father was teaching me to do it.
Mother placed her hand under my chin, lifting it up and looking into my eyes. Hers were filled with love and pain. Jada, I know Im asking a lot of you. But I know you are stronger than you think, and with Fathers teaching, you will always be safe, which is all I want  for you to live the life you deserve and not one of fear.
She placed her arms around me, hugging me close to her body. I rested my head on her shoulder, feeling old and young at the same time. So many emotions ran through me. Jada, train with your father every day. He will give you the tools to protect yourself.

Id placed my fathers backpack by the front door in case I needed to make a quick exit, with my jacket on top of it. I can smell the rancid, intoxicated breath getting closer. I have to move now. Theres no time left.
I leap down to the side of my bed, stuffing my hand under the pillow and grabbing the gun. Knocking the pillow off the gun, I raise it straight to the man in front of me. Its like something out of the movies everything is happening in slow motion.
The repulsive, vile man stumbles back in surprise. Hes wearing brown worn shoes, black office pants around his oversized stomach, and a buttoned-up, white, sleeved shirt.
His neck is too fat for a collar size to fit him. He has a very round, tiny head, out of place with the rest of his body. Its as if his head stopped growing, and the rest of his body could not stop.
His face is covered in greed, from the smug grin on his face, to the sweat dripping down his face. His greasy hair is swept across his head, trying to hide the baldness beneath it.
His evil pointed nose and the devil in his soulless eyes repulse me. He dares to stand there laughing at me, thinking I will not use a gun.
Hes right. Im not going to use a gun, not here in my bedroom. I am going to make the fat bastard run to his death! Time to put my training into practice. Time to see if I can do what I need to do  kill a man if necessary. But do I even have a choice?
Running to the door, I swing it open. Shit! He tries to grab me, but I make it through to the hall. He is right behind me. I didnt expect someone of his size to be able to move so fast, but he really wants me. Get back here, little girl. I just want to be friends, he says, and laughs.
Friends? God, who wants friends like him? A devil of a man!
I make it to the stairs, leaping down two at a time; I can smell his revolting breath like hes right behind me. Landing at the doorway, I reach out to take my backpack and jacket. Ouch! Hes grabbing hold of my hair and, with one yank, is crashing me backwards onto the ground. My head slams on the hallway floor.
Get off me! I yell out.
But he continues to laugh. I just want to be friends, little girl, he says again.
I lie on the floor. This is it  the moment Ive been preparing for. I am not scared, I am ready!
He stands with his legs at each side of my head, arching his body over his enormous stomach and eyeing his prey. He laughs, pleased with himself. He thinks hes caught me.
He wont be happy for much longer. With lightning-fast reflexes, I point the gun toward his face; one last bead of his sweat drops onto my hand. The laughter has stopped, and his eyes look to the gun, then to me.
Who is the prey now, you bastard?
My finger is on the trigger, and adrenaline is running through my body. Breathe slowly, Jada my fathers voice rings in my head. A calmness washes over me, like hes here, teaching me my last lesson.
I aim for the best place I know -- the between-the-eyes kill shot. I squeeze the trigger and exhale. A loud bang, his look of fear, and then his sweat-dripping body falls on top of me.
I hadnt planned for him to land on me; the weight of his body feels like Ive been hit by a car. Hes crushing my lungs; its becoming harder to breathe.
I reach my arms up, forcing them into the dead mans stomach and moving my body out from beneath his weight at the same time. From my waist upwards I am free. With the last of the adrenaline in me, I kick his head and shoulders off me.
I did it I killed a man.
As I Spring up from the floor, my hand and gun are ready for him to get up, like in the horror movies.
But as I look down at the repulsive body, I understand he is not going to miraculously come back to life.
Theres a single bullet wound between his eyebrows, right in the middle of his head.
Good shot!
There is a hole of crimson flesh slowly oozing out blood. His eyes are still open, with the look of fear in them. His tiny childlike mouth is open, with spit seeping out.
Drops of sweat roll off his face onto the floor and his repulsive odor fills my nostrils. The thought of what couldve happened crosses my mind. He only wanted one thing from me. A shiver runs through my body. How can humans treat each other this way when there is a war going on? All he was thinking about was himself.
I kick him in the head. Shame on you! I have killed you in this world; now it is time for your maker to judge you, I shout at his lifeless body.
Lord above, what I have I become? I cannot feel any guilt for what I have done, because I had no choice. But why do I feel ashamed?
Mother and Father told me to protect myself at all costs. This was my only choice, my only salvation. They told me to do it.
This is not the first thing Ive killed, but its the first person. It feels different; wrong and right at the same time. Lord above, was I right to kill this man?
My body begins to tremble uncontrollably, like Im going into shock.
I try to stay calm and reassure myself that I did the only thing I couldve possibly done. It was his life or mine. No question.
Dont let his sins weigh on your soul, Jada my mothers voice rings in my head.
Trembling, I stagger into the living room where there are some old white and red candy canes in the TV stand. I take one out, place it in my pocket, and then take one more. I sit on the sofa in the same place where Mother had warned me about men like that. Unfortunately, shed been right.
I refuse to feel bad or guilty for what Ive done here. He deserves to go to hell.
I know I have to leave. I have to go now. Lord, I plead with you dont send any more in, let me escape from this nightmare.
I unwrap the candy cane and place it into my mouth. The fresh minty taste tickles my taste buds, reminding me of the happy time of Christmas. But this is not the time to daydream.
Wiggling my toes into the carpet, I realize I have no socks or shoes on. I mustve kicked them off last night. Id packed my running shoes in my bag in case I had to make a quick exit.
Standing up from the sofa for one last time, I grab a handful of candy canes.
I have a feeling Ill need a lot more of these.
Walking out of the living room, I look back to the wall with our family photographs from happy times when we were all together, and I savor the memories. I will keep them with me, alive in my mind.
But I need to get out of here now, in case someone else comes. Placing my blue cap on, I decide its safer to look like a boy. Plus it will keep my head warm in the night.
Leaving my sins in my once happy home, I take off on my unknown path.
Chapter 18
Ghost From the Past.

GERARD


Jadas house is there, Anis, the young boy from the truck, informs me. The young girl, whom he told us is actually his sister, stays with Faith at the hospital. He points to a small house with a metal gate.
Anis, stay in the truck. Theyll keep you safe. Anis slumps his shoulders. He looks tiny against the UN soldiers. I called in a favor to get them here, and I have a feeling this mission wont be the last time I ask for help.
Taking my gun, I step out of the truck and open the gate. There is a lady lying on the ground wearing a blue dress with her arm around a small boy.
What?! No! No it cant be I dont understand! Mia is lying dead in front of me, cradling a small boy and flowers. I drop to my knees. Am I seeing a ghost? Is my mind playing tricks on me? What the fuck is going on? Mia died fifteen years ago with Len.
She looks beautiful, just like the last time I saw her. But today, her olive skin is pasty white and cold to touch. Her radiant smile is taken from me once again.
So many questions fill my mind, I can barely think.
Grard, are you okay? Do you know this lady? One of the soldiers gets out of the truck and questions me.
No, soldier. Just checking that theyre not still alive, I lie.
The soldier looks at me and then at the bodies. Its clear theyre dead they are colorless and motionless.
Im fine! Get back in the truck. I will check inside! I order. I am the highest ranking soldier here, and Im in command.
Yes, sir, the soldier yells in response. I cannot let them see me crumble at the sight of my love, my Mia, the woman Ive loved all my life. After fifteen years I find her again, and shes dead.
I tell myself to keep moving, and I open the front door.
The stench is overwhelming, and I have to place my hand over my mouth. Flies come swarming from the house, and I step back. With the door wedged open, I can see where the odor is coming from: a decaying male corpse in the hallway.
Many years of war experience have given me a strong stomach, but rotting flesh is one of those gut-wrenching smells that stays with you for the rest of your life, no matter how tough you are.
My hand firmly over my mouth, I walk into the house, eying the foul mess on the floor. This man was shot and killed with one gunshot wound to the forehead. One perfect shot.
Had Jada done this? She had been here? I suspect so, judging by the way Mia and the boy were laid to rest so carefully and lovingly.
Stepping into the living room, I see a wall filled with pictures from happier times. I instantly see Len. What the fucking hell is he doing here?! The wall is filled with photos of Mia and Len with Jada and the young boy. They didnt die all those years ago!
No! I yell. I swipe my arm across the wall, knocking the picture frames. They fly across the room. How could the mother fuckers do this to me! Len knew how much I loved Mia! What the hell is going on here?
Slumping down onto their sofa, Im in shock, unwilling to accept what Ive just discovered. My love had been alive. My best friend had been alive, and theyd been together. For all these years, they made me believe they were dead.
Picking up one of the pictures, I brush the glass out of the frame. In the photo, Mia and Len are standing happily next to each other. Mias glowing smile stands out. Next to her, Jada is beaming, just like Mia.
Len has his arm around a small boy  the dead boy who is now lying outside. He is a miniature version of Len, with his brown hair and brown eyes. They all look so happy. Jada looks a little different than the rest of her family, with her bright blue eyes, while Mia and Len have brown.
I have blue eyes. Could?
No. I shake my head it cannot be.
I need to find Jada. She was so close to me, a piece of Mia, and I let her go. Mia is dead, but Len could still be alive if he was kidnapped with the other men from the village. He can tell me what the fuck happened!
I will find them.
Chapter 19
Sunrise Over a New Era.

ZAK


The sun rises slowly, casting sunbeams in every direction and illuminating the destroyed city. Its a beautiful sight, but I know today will be another horrible day, just like every day this week.
The other older kids are tired, and Haytham's mother grows weaker each day. They have to get to the hospital soon. Haytham's mother is pregnant, and the baby is due at any time. I pray she doesnt go into labor before she gets to the hospital. Just the thought of it scares me.
What would we do? Ive seen things about childbirth on TV, but Im no doctor; and since I'm the oldest here, theyd all look to me. I need to think of a way to get her somewhere safe before this happens, for both of our sakes. I cringe at the thought of what would happen otherwise. This is no world to bring new life into.
The day my brother Ali was murdered was the day I met Haytham. Id gone to get Tilly from school, and he was there too. It was his last year. His family decided to join me on our journey to tent town. Safety in numbers. It was weird that I became the leader.
Now I sit on the edge of an apartment floor, looking out at the once-bustling city which has turned to ruins. The entire front wall of the building Im in has been demolished. It's as though the skin has been ripped away from its body, revealing nothing but a skeleton.
When I came to the city with my parents, wed walk past the high-end luxury apartments, admiring its glory. It was one of the oldest buildings in the town and had just recently been converted into homes for the rich people in the city.
But today it is my home; people fled before the bombing began. At least thats what we assume, because there are only a few bodies. If they had not fled, there wouldve been thousands.
I try to shield Tillys eyes from the sight of the corpses. She is too young to see this horror. I let her choose our room for tonight. Like an open chocolate box, all the apartments are uncovered and exposed, and you can see the grand details inside. My only conditions are that it has to be on the second floor so I can have a good look-out view, and that it has two exits. One is clear, with the front of the building ripped off; the second exit is inside the building, so we are not trapped if anyone comes. And finally, it needs to have a clear line of vision toward our second group.
When Tilly goes to choose a room, its like shes her old self, before the trauma.
A twinkle appears in her eyes, and a smile grows across her sweet face. I choose the street off the main area, but with a clear line in and out of the town. Its easier than I think to get a clear view, due to the demolished city. It looks like the soldiers came in with their tanks, because there is a path through the city with tracks, overturned cars pushed out of the way, and a few shells on the ground.
Tilly walks up and down the street on our side, and one of the little children in the other group does the same. Early on, the older children decided wed let the little children choose where we all slept as long as they followed our rules. Really, we limited the options to the safest choices, but theyre too young to understand what we're doing. But with everything else being taken away, we wanted to give them something, something as trivial as this, and it is helping.
I guess which apartment shell choose - the one with the crystal chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. The morning sunshine will hit it, creating a beautiful show before they go to sleep. There is a large bed that looks like it can fit four children.
It looks comfortable, with its white lining, and so inviting, like well have happy dreams even after the horrors weve seen. There is space on the floor for extra beds so we can all be together. It looks like a room out of a Hollywood story very different than what Im used to back home.
But I would sell my soul to go back there. We all would.
Tillys eyes glitter with excitement when she spots the apartment. This one, this one! she squeals, jumping up with girly joy. It looks perfect for us, and we can all fit. I wonder what goodies are in there for us.
The first day we left our village, she didnt want to go into any other peoples houses. She said we were stealing, even though everyone was gone. But when she started to get hungry we had no choice we had to go into someones home and take some food.
The village was empty and we waited, watching the house to see if anyone came in or out. But no one did. The front door was open. I knocked, but no one answered. We entered. We looked around the house, but it was clear. No one was there. We had some sandwiches  they tasted so good. Food always tastes best when you are starving.
After a bit, we realized no one was coming back, so we decided to stay there. Tilly did not want to sleep in anyone else's bed, so we made beds on the floor in the front room. Things got easier as the nights went by. As we traveled from village to village, Tilly began to understand that no one was coming back, and needed to eat the food in the abandoned homes to survive.
After a few days, we finally started sleeping in the beds. We were always so tired from the day of walking that we would collapse right away.
Once we felt comfortable in each house, we would start to look around for supplies.
When we left our village, we had nothing but the clothes on our backs. Tilly began telling me to get some clean clothes every time we arrived at a different home.
The first time she finally loosened up, she ordered me around like she was my mother. Go change your pants and T-shirt, and dont forget your socks and underwear, she said.
Yes, boss, I playfully yelled to her, raising my right arm to my head, saluting her. She laughed.
Now go and get changed!
I did as instructed.
Since that day, Tilly would always look for a girls bedroom in each "new" home and see what new clothes she could get.
We didnt have much when we were growing up, but we were happy. It was interesting to see what things other kids had. Tilly looked for nail polish and jewelry, and she loved girls' clothing and colorful tutus.
Give me a hand, Tilly says. Shes excited to get into her new room for the day. Stepping up on the rubble beneath my feet, I carefully make a path for the young kids. Tilly has her hand stretched out, ready to go first. She likes to be the leader.
Cement crumbles from the building as I carefully lift her safely into the room, trying to prevent her from scratching herself on the metal poles that stick out of the rubble.
Yikes, Tilly squeals with excitement. Zak, Zak.
One second. I hoist the last of the children into the room. When I climb inside, Tilly is spinning around like a princess who has just put on a gown for the ball, like in those silly movies she loves to watch.
The room is truly beautiful, with a huge chandelier hanging there just waiting for the sunshine to hit. God, Ali would punch me if I said that out loud!
Tilly takes the hands of the younger kids and spins them around, laughing. I take Tilly's hand and twirl her around. We all giggle uncontrollably, just like kids again.
Good choice, Tilly, I say, and everyone agrees.
I leave the kids to enjoy the apartment, as I wander to a window and look up and down the road for strangers. I nod at Haytham.
Watching the sun rise, I angle my mirror to find the sun and turn it to the direction of Haytham, reflecting the sunbeam onto him so the bolt of light hits his face. This is our signal to warn each other of danger, and also to keep us awake on our shift. We all know how important it is to stay awake. Everyones lives depend on it.
Yes, I got him first!
Haytham shines the light back at me, smiling. Carefully placing the mirror on the ground where he sits, Haytham picks up his camera and spies me through the lens.
Haytham has dreamed of being a photographer since the day his mother gave him his first digital camera. When the war began, she told him that this was his time to document the events through a childs eyes. He hopes one day his photos will make him famous so he can get his family out of this hell.
The horizon creates waves on the ground, and my eyes burn and become blurry from staring so hard. I hold them closed for several moments, and when I reopen them the horizon has changed. There is a silhouette in it.
I blink a few times and shake my head. Then I look again its still there. Silently and quickly, I pick up the mirror, find a ray of sunshine, and beam it over to Haytham.
Haytham is a good lookout who protects his mother, younger sister and the other children. Hes already alert and has also spotted the silhouette.
I cant tell what the mysterious shape is, but it seems to be moving closer. Then it splits in half in front of my eyes. I squint for a better look, placing my hand over my eyebrows to create a shield from the sun.
It is a person and a dog. Shining the mirror to Haytham, I hold up one finger to indicate that it is one person. Haytham shines it back to confirm the same.
Haytham and I planned for events like this and what wed do. We hoped it wouldnt happen; it was like fire drills at school, where we learn to be ready just in case. I watch Haytham as he gently nudges his pregnant mother. Rest is important to her, but shes the only adult, so in times like this it is important that we wake her.
She stands up and moves next to her son, watching the dark silhouette on the horizon.
Chapter 20
Picture of Hope.

GERARD


I knock on the hospital door. Can we come in? I need to see Faith. I thought Id lost her in the hospital bomb attack, the same way I lost Mia just the thought sends a shiver through my spine.
Yet, after all this time, I find out that until just recently, Mias been alive and with Len. How could they fucking do this to me? My best friend and girlfriend together all this time, making me think they were dead!
I cannot tell Faith. Shell ask too many questions about me and my past. Ill lose her once I tell her everything, so she must never know.
Anis pushes me out of the way. I take a step back as he runs through the door straight to his sister. Anis was silent in the truck before. He kept his head down and his eyes to the ground. He was the smart one of the group, looking away from the nightmare images all around us.
I stared out of the window on the way back to the hospital, still in complete shock at seeing Mia. There were bodies piled up on the roadside.
The villages were like ghost towns. From the corner of my eye, I could see movement, but just as fast as Id seen it, it was gone. It was people hiding in the shadows, terrified of being seen.
Anis hugs his sister, and she smiles at him as they whisper to each other. Bye, Faith, the little girl says, and then they are both gone. I guess they want to leave us alone together. Had Anis seen me break down at Jadas house?
Did you find Jada? Faith asks. Was she there?
No, sorry, she wasnt. I frown. But Im not giving up. I have photos of her, and I called -- Before I finish my sentence, as if on cue, she walks in.
Hi, Faith, Laura says as she enters with her cameraman. Grard called me and told me about Jada. Im here to help.
Faith looks a bit puzzled. Hi, Laura. How exactly are you going to help?
I stand next to Faith and hold her hand. She is still recovering from the attack, and this is a lot to take in.
Im going to the refugee camp in the next town. Everyone is leaving their homes and heading there. Grard, do you have the photograph of Jada?
I hand Laura some pictures, but I keep the one of the family hidden in my pocket.
When we get there, well see if we can find her. They have everyone register when they arrive. I just hope she hasnt already left. The camp is full, so theyre moving people to other places.
Thank you, Laura. It means the world to me. I just cannot live with myself, knowing that I sent her out there Faith stares out of the hospital window. I can see smoke in the sky from villages on fire, but we are safe here for the moment.
Ill do everything I can, I promise you, Laura adds with a caring tone. She can see the guilt eating away at Faith. Maybe Victoria was right. Faith is not strong enough for war.
Faith, I have a favor to ask of you, Laura says.
Anything.
I would like another interview, Laura says. The public needs to know what is happening. You did a wonderful job last time. Everyone is talking about it. You made a difference all around the world.
Ill do it! Faith replies without hesitation. What do you want me to speak about?
Can you talk about the hospital attack? And were going to do it now, if thats okay, because we have to head on to the refugee camp.
Faith sits up straight and brushes her hair flat with her hand.
Okay, lets go. The quicker you do it, the quicker you leave. I mean that in a good way, Faith adds, smiling.
The cameraman comes over, and the light goes on. With his fingers, he signals three, two, and one.

Laura Leeming, reporting from a hospital in Syria. Today I am here with Dr. Faith Miller. She was injured in the latest hospital bombing attack. Faith, do you have anything you would like to say to President Obama? Laura turns to Faith and holds out her microphone.
Faith looks directly into the camera. Hospitals and medical personnel are being deliberately targeted. People are being denied medical care. This is one of the most alarming weapons of war that I have witnessed in the Syrian conflict. The Syrian government and anti-government groups are taking over hospitals, turning them into military bases. President Obama and all other leaders around the world, I plead for you to send in troops, peacefully, and help the innocent people trapped in this bloody war. They need your help. Do not stand by and watch, or you are as bad as they. Faith looks angry as she speaks.
Thank you, Faith. That was perfect. Laura smiles. The cameraman puts down his camera and leaves.
Did you get everything you need? I ask.
Yes, thank you. People want to know what is happening. Im going to go now. Ill call you if I find her. Laura reaches over to Faith and hugs her goodbye.
I just hope Faith can find Jada.
Chapter 21
God Bless my Beautiful Daughter.

JADA


I can feel eyes on me. Great. I'm walking down the wrong road. Out of all the streets in the city, I selected the quietest one. How stupid of me. Now Im an easier target for them. Their eyes are burning into me like a hungry hawk waiting to eat its prey.
How am I going to get out of this? I mutter to myself. Im in the middle of their sights; I have no choice but to keep walking. Ive come this far. I cannot give up; I refuse to let them kill me! My gun is tucked into the back of my jeans, and I am ready for them.
Slowly, I continue on through the once-glorious city that is now all but destroyed. Entire facades of buildings have been ripped away -- they look naked. I used to like cities -- I felt like I could get lost in them as if I were invisible, hidden amongst the sea of people. But today there is no one to hide me. I am all alone.
I try to keep my eyes low, focusing on my feet and the rubble beneath them, and clearing out any noises other than that of a human. As my father taught me, its all about focus and blocking everything else out.
A glimmer of rainbows fills the floor in front of my eyes. I look up to the source of the light show  its a beautiful crystal chandelier hanging in the middle of an apartment. Overwhelmed at the unexpected treat, I just stare at it dreamily. My eyes trail down to the rest of the room. I havent slept in so long, and the bed looks amazing. I can practically see myself curling up in it right now and falling fast asleep.
My gaze travels farther down and locks in with another pair of eyes. I gasp in shock. I hadnt expected to see someone there.
She looks a little older than Lucas, and seems just as surprised to see me as I am to see her. She has lovely brown hair flowing down her face. She is sitting up in the bed beneath the chandelier. Was she like me, tired from walking and hiding in the only pretty place left in the city? She cannot be on her own she looks too young.
Maybe its a trap.
Panic washes over me, and I frantically glance around to see if anyone else is here.
I do not need to look far. Standing at the end of the bed is a tall, slim boy around my age, with big brown eyes boring into me.
Hes protecting her the same way I wouldve protected Lucas. They must be brother and sister.
If only my brother was alive. The boy and I are having a staring competition. Who will win? I cant help noticing that he is kinda cute.
He blinks. Yay, I win. He looks away to another room of the apartment, across from the one he's in. There are more people here than I was expecting. I see another boy in the corner and a woman who seems to be his heavily pregnant mother.
They are all staring down at me. Jesus, I feel really uncomfortable. What should I do? What if they have weapons? They look like a group of scared kids, but I know I shouldnt underestimate them.
Lowering my backpack to the ground, Im very conscious of everyones gaze on me. Slowly, I take off my cap; they may be less concerned if they see Im a girl. Im cautious not to make any sudden movements, as I dont want to give them any reason to attack me.
My brown hair falls free, and I reach over and give Liquorice a quick pat. Gradually, I raise my hands up to the sky as a sign that I am surrendering. The same way Father did when he was taken.
The air is silent; tension is mounting.
What will they do?
Child, what is your name? the mother addresses me with her soft, caring voice.
My name is Jada. My dogs name is Liquorice.
Hello, Jada. My name is Sahar. This is Haytham, my son. She looks over to the boy and smiles back at me.
I know Im no longer in danger. They want to help me. Thank God, I finally get a break from this nightmare. Its about bloody time!
Over there is Zak, and his sister Tilly is in the bed. I look over to the boy, Zak, and he smiles and gives me a wave. He is really cute. Tilly looks over at me and her face lights up with a big smile and twinkling eyes. This pretty little girl looks happy; I feel safe.
Sahar holds out her hand and signals me to come forward. I pick up my backpack, place it over my shoulder, and walk over to her.
Child, have you eaten? Do you need to rest? We have room here for you. Sahar has the loving and reassuring voice only a mother could have. I can already feel the stress moving from my shoulders as she speaks.
I am hungry and tired, I say. I would like to rest here, if that is okay with you.
I look up toward Haytham, and he nods with approval.
I climb up to the second floor room, and Liquorice follows me. Haytham is standing there. He looks younger than me, a bit shorter and a little overweight. But he looks strong.
He has short hair, kept very neat, and you can tell his mother makes sure he looks nice, even with everything going on. He has a happy smile, but I can see in his eyes that hes witnessed a lot of horror, just like me.
Theres a large bed in the room, and next to it are blankets covering sleeping children. They all look younger than me I guess they are on the path to find freedom. A band of brave kids, tied together with fear and hope.
Jada, we have a bathroom there. Sahar points to the door next to the bedroom. And theres some food in the kitchen. We have no power, so the fridge isnt working, but they have food in the cupboard. We have plenty of water, so fill up your bottle. She looks down at my bottle and notices that it is empty -- I just ran out.
Thank you, Sahar. That is very kind of you, I say, and I smile over at Haytham. I would like to use the bathroom, and get some food and rest. Thank you for your kindness.
Our home is your home. Please feel free to take whatever you need. This apartment has plenty of food for all of us, and we found extra bed linens in the cupboard over there. Please make yourself a bed, Sahar says, pointing next to the children sleeping on the floor.
Nodding, I head over to the bathroom. Sahar goes back to sleep, and Haytham sits down on the floor.
Once I get into the bathroom, I close the door and let out a big sigh of relief. Placing the backpack on the ground, I remove the gun from my pants, check to make sure the safety cap is still on, and then I set it down next to my backpack, out of sight of anyone coming in. Thank God they didnt pull any weapons out on me, or things couldve gotten really ugly, really fast.
Time to select some clean clothes to change into. Ive been wearing these smelly clothes for the last two days. I carefully place the gun under two layers of clothing, but in a spot I can easily reach if there is a need.
Refreshed from changing, I start to feel a bit safer with these people. I take some cereal from the cupboard and grab some dog food for Liquorice. Quietly, I sit in the bedroom area with the other children, trying not to wake them.
This is the first time in weeks that I feel safe enough to take a moment to myself. I take my family photos out of my backpack and the tin. As I browse through my mothers passport, I see stamps of places she visited. This mustve been from before I was born, because Ive never been abroad. Ive always wanted to travel, to see what was beyond our village. But now, all I want to do is go back there.
Flicking to the last page, I notice a photo of my mother from when she was younger.
A piece of paper drops out onto my bed. I unfold the note and begin to read it.

Dearest Jada,

If you are reading this, it means I have gone to live with saints in heaven. I am sorry. I wish I could be there for you.
Remember everything that your father taught you and what I told you. Always protect yourself, no matter what. You have to protect yourself. Get out of this country. It's too dangerous for you, for a child. Yes, you are a child, but you have to be strong when you are in this country. Once you get out, you will be a child again. I believe your father is still alive. God will bring you both back together. Trust your heart. I will always watch over you and love you.

Goodbye, Jada. God bless my beautiful daughter xxx

My mother I feel so alone right now. I miss her so much, and the words in the letter bounce around as my eyes fill up with tears and roll down my face. I will never see her again. But there is a little bit of hope she thinks Father is alive. I have to find him. Hes the only family I have left.
Haytham and Liquorice are both watching me. Great. Ive only just met him, and I look like a bubbling mess! Liquorice walks over to me and licks my tears away. It makes me feel a little bit better. Haytham kneels down next to me and picks up the photograph of my family.
You look just like your mother, he says quietly.
I sob more.
Sorry, I didnt mean to upset you.
Unable to speak, I just pass him the letter. It explains everything without my having to say anything. Haytham reads it quickly and looks over toward me.
Im sorry. Zaks and my fathers were taken too. They killed Zaks mother and set his village on fire, and killed his brother in front of him. Tilly is all he has left, until he finds his father. All the childrens parents have been killed or kidnapped. You are not alone in your grief, and you are not alone with us. We are your family now. Haytham places his arm around me. Hes so caring for a young boy.
I guess he and his mother have probably said these words a lot over the past few days or weeks. Its comforting to have someone hug me, even a stranger.
Thank you, Haytham. How long have you been traveling?
At least two weeks.
Haytham continues telling me his story of how he ended up here.
Chapter 22
New Friends.

GERARD

19 Years Earlier


Sergeant Grard Mynatt reporting for an interview with Captain Marshall, I inform the receptionist.
A faint smile appears on her face, then she looks down to a large book. Slowly she moves her hand over the page, then looks up at me.
Sergeant Grard, please take one step away from the desk! she orders.
I quickly do as she says, and she returns her attention back to the book, apparently still looking for my name. Jesus, how many interviews do they have in one day? Did I think that Mossad was a selective group?
Sergeant Grard Mynatt, please take a seat. Captain Marshall will be with you shortly. The receptionist raises her hand and points to the brown leather couch behind me.
Thank you. I nod like an excited school girl. I take a deep breath, trying to keep myself calm. I dont want to blow my chances by acting like a nervous idiot.
The main door opens, and a man around my age walks over and heads straight to the reception area.
Sergeant Len Coupe reporting for an interview with Captain Marshall, he informs the receptionist. Looks like he got an invite as well. Len takes one step back from the desk Damn! Thats what I should have done!
The receptionist gives me a pointed look and smirks. Then she signals for him to take a seat beside me, and he saunters over.
Hi, Im Len, he says, holding out his hand for me to shake. What was that all about? He nudges his head towards the receptionist.
I shrug. Oh, nothing really I'm just not too good at following the rules. Im Grard. Couldnt help but overhear that you have a meeting with Captain Marshall. I have one as well.
Len smiles and nods. Hes a bit smaller than I. I wonder what his special skills are? He looks like a smart guy maybe languages; or he could be one of those that like torturing people -- who knows?
Sergeant Grard Mynatt and Sergeant Len Coupe, Captain Marshall is ready to see you now, the receptionist says. Private Para will show you the way. She motions to the man in the corner.
Len and I follow the private to the elevator. I try to hide my disappointment and confusion I thought the interview would be one-on-one. As I glance over to Len, its clear he thought the same.
The elevator stops at the top floor. Please take a seat here. The private signals toward two black chairs. But before we even take two steps, the office door opens.
Sergeant Grard Mynatt and Sergeant Len Coupe, Im Captain Marshall. Please come this way.
The captain walks into his corner office with a grand view of the city. The sky is gray with smoke from the local factories. He takes a seat at his large mahogany desk.
Please sit, he says. Apologies for the test, paperwork and interviews, etcetera. You must understand, we are very selective about our team.
I nod, but silently agree that their requirements are a joke. Paperwork up the wazoo!
Gentlemen, you passed all the tests, he continues. You both excelled in several areas, which is why youll be working together and combining your strengths.
Fuck, a partner? I struggle to keep a straight face, despite my annoyance. He said I passed one of the few. Thats all that matters. Focus on that. Jesus the Institute for Intelligence and Special Operations accepted me!
Youve both been selected to attend a two-year training program at Henzelia. There you will be taught how to use the weapons appropriate for each target. Youll learn how to plan, execute and hide any trace of your missions. I expect to see both of you at 0500 hours at the training school tomorrow. You are dismissed.
Chapter 23
You are Not Alone.

HAYTHAM


Like any normal, boring week day, I was sitting at my desk in my classroom. Mother thought it was important for me to continue my education, even with the war going on. We could hear the bombing, but it was far away from our school and our village. I wouldve preferred to stay at home, but Mother, unfortunately, would not allow it. So I was forced to be here, suffering from boredom all day.
Suddenly, we all heard a noise in the hallway. Our teacher told us to stay in our chairs, and he went to find out what the sound was. But we all disobeyed him and followed him outside to see what was going on.
Peeking around the door, we saw our teacher in the hallway with another teacher, and they were heading toward the commotion. It was a few mothers, nearly hysterical with panic. Something bad had happened. Why were they here?
My mother was there with my younger sister in her arms, sheer terror covering her face. My God, whats happening?
She spotted me through the crowd, and I ran over to her. As I dodged around my teacher, my mother carefully placed my sister on the ground and opened her arms to me, tears rolling down her cheeks.
I hugged her tightly. Normally I wouldnt let my mother hug me in front of my friends, but I could tell from the look on her face that something had happened and she needed me.
Mother looked at me like she thought shed never see me again. She hugged me so hard it hurt. I wriggled out of the hold and stared up at her. What happened? Whats wrong?
Mother started to explain. Shed been walking back with my sister from the doctors after a checkup for the baby, and shed decided to go see my father at work.
All the men in the village work at the factory. When she got there, the whole place was empty, and everyone was gone. There were tire tracks on the ground from trucks, and hundreds of footprints. It was clear theyd all been taken.
Theyd taken my father.
When she looked over to the village, she could see flames roaring in the sky, with smoke bellowing up to the clouds. Whoever had taken the men had then gone to our village and burnt everything down. She was terrified that theyd come here and taken or killed me.
Other children came out of their classrooms to see what was happening. A couple kids saw their mothers and came running to where we stood.
Then I realized that many mothers of the other students werent here. If soldiers had burnt down the village, many mothers were probably killed. And with their fathers kidnapped, these children now had no one.
I looked at Mother and hugged her again.
More teachers came out to see what all the commotion was. Soon, they told everyone to go to the school gym.
The teachers tried to protect us from what was going on. They played a movie, and the younger kids didnt know what was happening. I noticed a few of the teachers had disappeared. I guessed they were going to the village to see what had happened, to see if the mothers were telling the truth.
This was when I met Zak. He came running into the gym, screaming for Tilly like a crazy man. Also out of breath, he continued screaming. Everyone in the gym fell silent. Tilly stepped forward from the crowd. He ran to her and hugged her, just as my mother had embraced me.
Zak ran to the door carrying Tilly in his arms. A teacher blocked the exit and shouted at him that he couldnt take her out of the school.
She told him to wait until his parents came.
The other teachers had gone to the village to get the parents. Zak shouted at the teacher that no one was coming back  and that it was not safe here and that he was taking her. Everyone in the hall was silent, waiting for what he would say next.
Zak placed Tilly on the ground, walked over to the teacher blocking the door, and sucker punched him squarely in the nose! It was a great shot. We all hated that teacher anyway.
Tilly ran to her brother, and they left the gym. We were all shocked, but my mother agreed with Zak that we were not safe, and she grabbed hold of my hand. We followed him out of the school.
Where are you going? my mother asked Zak. He shrugged his shoulders. He didnt know where to go. Mother told him about the tent town. So we all decided to go there together.
Zak was right. We had just gotten out of sight of the school when the shooting started. The soldiers were there. We got away just in the nick of time. Some of the other kids we brought with us were also from that school. We have met several other children, who have joined us as we've traveled on.

I finish my story, and I know Jada will have some questions.
She was very quiet when I was talking. I hope it makes her feel better to realize shes not on her own.
Whats tent town? she asks me.
Mother calls it the refugee camp. Its where everyone is going. We call it tent town. Its supposedly a place where they have thousands of tents for you to sleep safely. It has the only hospital in the area, so I want to get my mother there before she has the baby. The thought of her going into labor out here is scary. Zak keeps the group moving quickly hes the oldest one here, so hes kind of our leader.
How old is he? Jada asks, and I bristle. I hope she doesnt have a crush on him!
Hes sixteen. Tilly is nine. I am eleven.
Im fourteen. Its my birthday next week, I think in a couple days. Ive lost track of time. Jada takes a key from the tin. Do you know this address? She shows me a key ring with some writing on it.
No, but my mother will. We can ask her when she gets up. Try to get some sleep. Zak will have us walking a long way tomorrow.
What about you? Do you not need sleep? she asks.
Dont worry about me, I have the first shift. Then he has the second. I point over to the boy lying on the floor.
We take turns. With that, I head back to where I was sitting before and pick up the mirror. I reflect the sun over to Zak three times to let him know everything is okay.
I watch as Jada places her belongings carefully in her backpack, and Liquorice curls up next to her. She settles down... and I bet this is the first time shes had a chance to sleep in days. Shes pretty; the kind of girl that doesnt know shes pretty. She wouldnt be interested in me. Im too young!

*****

Jada, Jada. Its time to wake up. There are people here to meet you, my mother whispers. Jada jumps up in surprise and ready to attack.
Its okay Jada; its just us, and we mean you no harm, my mother says softly. Jada shakes her head as if she is trying to compose herself.
She rubs her eyes and lets out a little yawn. Good morning, she says, with a wary smile, to my mother.
Good morning, Mother says. Then she wakes the rest of the children. She woke us at the perfect time just as the sun is setting over the abandoned city. I quickly snap a few photos.
Jada, this is my daughter Waliyah. Shes four years old. Mother found a white dress with ruffles for Waliyah, and she loves it. Girls love that sort of stuff. Tilly gives me a smile as my sister twirls around.
Hello, everyone. Pleased to meet you, Jada says. Theyre all excited, especially the older boys.
Jada, youre welcome to get yourself ready  pack some food for the day and extra for tomorrow, just in case. And dont forget water. Zak keeps us walking till the sun rises.
Thank you, Sahar, she says. Then she pauses. May I ask you something?
I pretend that Im not listening, but of course I am.
Yes, of course, child, Mother says.
Do you know this address? Jada asks.
I turn around for a quick look; Jada is showing her the key ring.
Its the address for the airport. Its on our way to the refugee camp. Is it something important? Mother asks.
I think so, Jada replies. My mother left it for me.
Mother passes back the key back to Jada.
Keep it safe.
Chapter 24
Mia.

GERARD

15 years ago


Sergeant Grard Mynatt and Sergeant Len Coupe, welcome back, Captain Marshall says to us. Len and I haven't been back to the Mossad headquarters since we graduated two years ago.
We were put on a plane the day after graduation to begin our first mission. Since that time, weve taken down loads of terrorists. Too many to count.
Len and I are good together. Captain Marshall was right; we both have different skill sets, each with our own strengths and weaknesses. We balance each other perfectly and together we're unstoppable. Len can speak any language and fits in like a local. Hes a genius its like his brain never stops, and he can work out what the terrorist is going to do before the terrorist himself even knows. And I, with my perfect shooting skills, complete this great team.
Sergeant Grard Mynatt, Sergeant Len Coupe, congratulations on your last assignment.
Thank you, Captain Marshall, Len and I say in unison.
Youve had a very successful two years as members of Mossad. Your next assignment will be your most difficult to date. Youll be working with another agent, Mia Andra.
What the fuck did he say? Were working with Mia Andra? I haven't seen my girlfriend for over three months, since she left for her last mission.
Mia and I met at the first day of training at Mossad. Mia is a petite lady; youd never guess that she was a spy -- a definite advantage in her favor! Just like in the movies, it was love at first sight. At least for me. But Id never tell anyone that.
Len was pissed off as soon as he realized what was going on between Mia and me. He thought it was a bad idea from the start. As a member of Mossad, its recommended that I have no personal ties or commitments. No one is married. Its much safer that way.
I know Len wont be happy about this, Mia joining our team. To be honest, Im not sure Im happy about it either.
Mia Andra has been working undercover in Nairobi, Kenya, and has infiltrated a terrorist group and begun a relationship with Kagan Abulafia.
Fuck, what kind of relationship? With Abulafia of all people! Abulafia is the founder and supreme leader of one of the largest terrorist groups known to us. He currently stands accused of crimes involving the harming or killing of some 30,000 people.
Abulafia was expelled from Syria. He fled to Moscow, Russia, and then a few other European countries, but was not granted asylum. Youll be working with Mia and Turkish Special Security to capture Abulafia alive. Do not kill this man we need him to stand trial. Do you understand?
I understand I will kill him if he has harmed Mia!
Chapter 25
Born in Hell.

JADA


Jada, are you nearly finished? I need to go to the bathroom. Sahar knocks on the door.
Jesus, give me a minute!
Sorry, the baby is crushing my bladder, she adds.
I hurry and step out of the bathroom. When I do, I notice that Sahar looks different.
Oh no, the baby is coming!
Sahar, may I speak with you in private? I ask her.
Sahar shamefully nods, and we walk into the bathroom.
Once inside, I turn and close the door. Are you having contractions? Is the baby coming?
She nods again. She looks so vulnerable, not like the lady who woke me up thirty minutes ago. How quickly our roles have changed. I have become the mother caring for the woman about to give birth. Please, Lord, do not let her have a baby now. Im not a doctor I didnt even finish high school!
How far apart are the contractions? I ask, as if I know what the hell Im talking about. Yeah, right.
About ten minutes.
Is that good? Is that bad? Does it mean the baby is going to be here in ten minutes?
What does that mean? I ask. How long do we have before the baby comes?
Sahar looks up at me. I guess about two hours, if this baby is the same as the others. But it may be sooner.
Two bloody hours  we are in the middle of nothing but war!
Sahar begins to panic. I need to get to the hospital. You children cannot deliver the baby. Well both die out here. She begins to moan.
Im not delivering the baby!
Another contraction is here; Sahar pants frantically. I join in, breathing in and out.
Stay calm, stress is not good for you or the baby, I tell her. Ill get Haytham to stay with you. Zak and I will find some transport.
Jada, its too dangerous.
No offence, but the idea of delivering a baby is scarier than getting some transport.
Good point  be careful.
I smile at her. I dont want to add stress to a pregnant woman even I know thats a bad idea!
Sprinting into action, I run over to Haytham and inform him about his mother and about my plan. The boy thats on lookout duty hears me and nods with approval. The smaller children understand something is going on, so they sit quietly in their beds and let the older children do what they need to. I leap over to my backpack and grab the cap, sweeping my hair up into it. So much for the quiet day I was hoping for.
I take the gun out of my backpack. The whole room gasps, shocked that I have the weapon. A few of the smaller kids near me scoot away in fear. Dont worry; Im on your side, I say, smiling at them.
They give me nervous smiles back, and one of them begins to cry silently. Her friend places a comforting arm around her shoulder. These children have seen so much; I wonder which of have seen their families killed. There is nothing I can do to wipe away their memories the horrific images of Mother and Lucas are frozen in my own mind.
I stick the gun into the back of my pants, placing my jacket over the top to hide it.
Waliyah, can you watch over my dog for me? I ask.
Yes, I can take care of him, she says, excited. She runs over to Liquorice and rubs his back. Whos a good boy? she says. Liquorice happily wags his tail.
As we climb down from the apartment, we know we dont have much time before sunlight fades. Darkness will be here soon.
Zak stands at the side of the building. Come down, come down. Its the first time Im speaking to him, and Im yelling! Luckily he understands that something is wrong.
Watch Tilly. Dont let her out of your sight, do you understand? Zak says sternly to a boy standing next to him.
I understand, Zak, says the boy. Its clear that Zak is the leader of the group. The other kids come to the edge of the room to see what is happening.
Zak jumps down the mountain of rubble so fast, I think he will fall. He stops running as he comes near, and then he takes one slow step towards me.
Getting a little closer, he lifts up my hat so he can see my face.
Cheeky sod! Checking me out for a better look.
He puts his hand out for me to shake. I take his hand he has a firm grip. Hes stronger than he looks; I like that.
They will underestimate our strength. Zak turns my hand over; Id forgotten that it was full of scratches. My hands look so old and beaten up.
He looks down and says, Sorry.
I know he is saying more than that. He is saying sorry for all that I have been through. I take my hand out of his. I can feel the heat of embarrassment rising up to my cheeks.
It is okay, long story, I say with a reassuring smile. I guess its the same as everyone else here.
He nods; it seems like these boys nod a lot. Theyre not big talkers. I smile again.
Im Zak, and my sister is Tilly. Welcome to the 3F. Everyone here is an equal. We all have different skills which will help us get the hell out of here alive, but Ill go into all that later. Whats wrong?
I explain to him that Sahar is going into labor.
The strong boy standing in front of me turns white. His shoulders drop, and he looks like he is shrinking right before my eyes. He is just as worried as I am, and for some odd reason, I feel a little reassured by that.
She cannot have the baby here. We have to get her to the hospital, and Haytham said there was one at tent town. We have to get a ride there somehow! I say quickly.
Zak nods.
How are we going to get her there? he asks, concerned.
I take a deep breath. We only have one choice, and you know what it is.
Zak looks to the ground at his dusty shoe. He kicks the rubble, trying to pretend that he isnt here.
We have to go to the main road and flag a truck or car down, I tell him. We dont have much time. The daylight is fading fast. If we wait any longer, darkness will be here, and no one will see us. One of us will need to go back and get Sahar and her family. The idea makes sense in my head, but Im concerned about how it will unfold in reality.
Okay, Zak agrees. I dont like the plan, but youre right  this is the only thing we can do. She cannot have the baby here. It will die.
Thank God, hes coming with me!
Tilly, I have to go get help for Sahar, Zak yells. The baby is coming. Shes fine, but we need to get her out of here. Have everything ready to go and remember where your hiding place is. Ill be back as quickly as I can, dont worry. He turns to Dani. Dani, can you watch over Tilly and the other children for us?
Of course, Zak. Do you want me to come with you so Jada can stay here? Dani asks.
No thank you, Dani. We will be fine, Zak replies.
Great, because Im going!
Zak, I love you, Tilly calls back. Be careful and hurry back, or well be late for the next check point.
I love you too, Tilly, Zak says. I look at his face, and his cheeks turn pink. He shakes his head when he sees me. I smile at him.
He starts running to the main road. Wait for me! I yell.
I thought we had to rush! Catch me if you can!
He continues to sprint ahead. How can he be so playful at a time like this? Im fast, but not as fast as he is. But hes a boy, after all. Girls are usually a bit slower.
He looks back every few minutes. Im not sure if its to see whether Im catching up to him, or if he's just making sure I am okay  or maybe a bit of both. As he gets to the side street before the main road, he stops and places his hands on his hips to catch his breath. It only takes me a couple minutes to stand next to him. I also stop and gasp for air.
Not bad for a girl, Zak says to me. I jab him hard in the ribs. Ouch!
I thought we were all equals!
He laughs.
Youre right, I deserved that. Next time warn me. Remember, were on the same side.
Dont do it again, and I wont have to warn you, I say with a silly grin on my face. Its kind of funny. Its like were in a school race, and I came in second.
What does 3F stand for? I ask him a moment later.
It stands for Fearless Freedom Fighters... 3F for short, he says with a smug grin on his face.
Makes sense, really. I like 3F, I say happily. It is nice to feel Im a part of something, part of a group.
So, Jada, how are we going to get someone to stop for us? Zak asks. To be honest, Im not sure. All this time, Ive been avoiding people. Not actively seeking them out.
I think we need to hide off to the side, behind one of the burnt-out cars. The streets are lined with them, so that will be easy enough. Then, when we see a car or truck that looks safe, we flag it down. Im nervous as I say it, but I have no other ideas. And seeing the look on Zaks face, I realize he doesn't have any bright ideas either.
Okay, sounds like a plan to me, he says, very positively. I know its because hes trying to make me feel better.
We walk closely together down the main road. The street is blown to pieces, with big tank trails running through it. This car will do, Zak says, pointing to a black and red metal shell.
It still has the doors on it, so we are covered. We both kneel down by the car, just at the right time. The first truck starts to come up the road, sending dust flying up from the ground. Its hard to tell if its an army truck. We both stare, not moving from the ground, not wanting to be seen.
The vehicle moves closer to us, and it becomes clear that it belongs to the army. We can see the soldiers hanging off the side with guns in their hands. Their bodies change the silhouette of the truck; this will be a key detail which I will now look out for.
We both crouch down, squeezing our bodies together to make us as inconspicuous as possible. Zak places his arms around me like he is protecting me. I have been alone for so long, it feels kind of nice.
The truck moves closer, bouncing up the dirt road, making the air thick with dust as it continues past us at top speed.
Zak still has a pretty good grip on me. He really is strong. For a moment I just stay there, happy that I'm no longer on my own, and happy that we haven't been found by the soldiers.
Focus, Jada. Focus, I remind myself. I have a mission. Lives are at stake!
Reluctantly, I pull myself away from Zaks warm arms. I loosen his grip, and he lifts his head.
Our eyes lock. His are large and brown so deep you can see his soul in there. He is caring and brave.
After a few seconds, we both realize what were doing and let out a nervous laugh. We quickly look away, embarrassed.
Luckily the awkward moment doesnt last for long.
This new type of silence is broken by another truck on the horizon.
Can you see any soldiers? I ask Zak.
No. It doesnt look like an army truck, and its a different color. Maybe its a supply truck.
I look down the road and squint. Hes right  I can see a red sign on it.
This is the one. You ready? he asks.
Yes, I say, although my voice betrays my nervousness.
Without thinking, I run into the middle of the road waving my arms, right in the path of the truck. Im not going to stop it any other way, and we are the Fearless gang, so it is only right.
What are you doing?! Zak yells.
Im getting the truck to stop, stupid! I wave my arms frantically and jump up and down as the truck gets closer. Its headlights are on, almost blinding me, so I have to look away.
The truck is so close, I can see inside Thankfully, they arent soldiers! The people in the front seats are screaming at each other are they trying to decide whether to stop or run me over? One more second, and Ill have to move out of the way or get flattened.
Just as I prepare to jump, a loud screech echoes through the empty town as the driver slams on the breaks. I dive to the side of the road just in time, landing right next to Zak.
My body falls hard to the ground, cracking my elbow and knee. Great! More scars and bruises. My cheek bone slams down, taking my full body weight.
SCREECH.
The truck stops, covering us in a large dust cloud.
I jump to my feet, and adrenaline courses through my body like flashes of lightning. When it fades, I am going to be in so much pain, and Im sure Zak will never let me hear the end of it!
What are you doing, you stupid kid? yells someone in the truck.
How dare he call me a stupid kid?!
I brush myself off and hurry to the passenger side of the truck to stand on its step. I speak loudly, so Zak knows Im okay.
Sorry, but we need help! I shout. Its an emergency. Theres a lady going into labor, and we have to get her to the refugee camp right away. Shes having contractions now!
Sorry, kid, theres no room. Look, the man says, pointing to the main section of the truck. It is full, but I feel like they could squeeze more in.
From the corner of my eye, I can see Zak. Hes on the drivers side and about to take the man's keys. I knew this idea would work! I smile to myself.
You could fit more back there, I say, trying to keep them distracted. Some of these kids can sit on their parents' knees.
What are you doing? The driver spots Zak just as he gets the keys. Give those back! he yells. He begins to get out of the truck. He is a large man and looks strong.
I run to the front of the truck at the same time, taking my gun from my pants and pointing it directly at the driver.
SIR, GET BACK IN THE TRUCK! I yell as loudly as I can. Everyone stops what they are doing. The driver is frozen on the step with his door open. The passengers are staring at me with open mouths, unable to process what is unfolding. Even Zak looks at me, stunned, and then he smiles.
I like the power the gun gives me  I feel alive.
Sir, please get back in your truck, Zak says to the driver.
The man moves slowly and does as hes told. By this time, Im standing next to Zak. Sir, as the lady said, we need to get a pregnant woman on your truck, Zak continues. I have managed to get her this far, but I need your help. I dont want anyone to get hurt. We cannot fight each other.
The man is staring at Zak and me, trying to comprehend that he is being held up by two kids. He looks into the back of the truck, checking to see if there is any room.
Okay, go get her!
Oh, thank God!!
But hurry! Well all be dead if the soldiers get us! he adds, fear in his eyes.
Hes right; we dont have much time. The next truck will be by in a few minutes.
Zak, you run and get them. Ill be fine, I say, waving my gun in the air. Zak nods and takes off running down the street. I hear movement in the truck as people shuffle around to make more room. Everyone falls silent, and time slows down while I wait for him to get back.
The driver begins to walk toward me.
Get back in the truck! I yell.
Girl, give me the gun, he says. A childs hand is no place for a gun. Dont worry, your friends are fine. We have room for them. I just dont want you to hurt yourself.
Sir, you are incorrect to worry about me. You should be worried about yourself, I sternly announce. I point the gun directly at him, but he continues to move. Stupid man! I raise my arm and point the gun to the side, aiming for the side mirror.
I continue to eyeball the driver, and then I pull the trigger. BOOM, CRACK!
The bullet hits the side mirror and falls to the ground. The passengers leap away with fear and shock on their faces. The driver doesnt move its as if the gunshot turned him into a statue. He lowers his body into the seat, surrendering to me. This is better!
Now, sir, that was a warning shot. You will not get another. Do you understand? I ask him. Do you understand? I repeat, louder.
I understand! he yells. They had better hurry up or you will need to gun down the soldiers!
Chapter 26
Reunited.

GERARD

15 years ago


Grard, oh my God, Im so happy you are here. Mia throws her arms around me, and I cradle her tiny body close to mine.
Ill give you two a moment together, Len says, as he leaves the hotel living room and goes into the bedroom.
Oh Mia, what have you done, what did you volunteer for? I ask her.
She pulls away from me and stares into my eyes. Oh, fuck, Ive pissed her off already!
Shit, sorry, you know I worry about you, I quickly add.
Thankfully, Mias face softens up. Grard, you know I had the same training as you, and that there is no better spy than me. You dont need to worry, Mia tries to reassure me. Also I didnt volunteer for this; it was my idea and my mission. I requested you and Len.
I think of her with Abulafia and a rage consumes me. Mia sees the angry look in my eyes and winces.
Grard, dont be cross with me. We all have special skills, and this is mine.
Fuck, shes making it worse. Is her special skill getting men into bed? How many others have there been?
That came out wrong, she says and glances away. But you know what I mean. I would never ask you how many people you have killed.
She has a point, but it doesnt make it any easier. Jesus, even Ive stopped counting how many people Ive killed.
Whats the plan then? I ask. How quickly can we get you out? This is the only way I can rescue her from her stupid mission!
Len, can you please join us? Mia calls. Len is out here within a few seconds; its clear hes been listening at the door.
I shake my head at him as he walks in. What? he asks.
You know what! Anyway, Mia has a plan to get the hell out of here.
Hi, Len, Mia says. They have an odd relationship; Len is always very shy and quiet around her. I think he fancies her and is pissed that I got in first.
Hi, Mia, Len replies quietly.
Less of this chit chat. Whats the plan? I ask impatiently.
Mia scowls at me. Abulafia will be leaving for the airport tomorrow. Kenyan officials have informed him that he has to leave the country by 7 pm tomorrow, because after that point they will not protect him. There will be three cars: Abulafia in the first, the Kenyan Ambassador in the second, and then more members of his group in the third. Each car will have an undercover Turkish special agent. You two will drive the first two cars to the airport and hand Abulafia over to the Turkish special agent team.
Len and I nod. The plan sounds straight forward enough so far.
Kenyan special security has already been placed in these cars. I asked that you two be assigned to the mission, because I trust you. The Kenyan special security will give you uniforms and brief you on the assignment. If you have any questions, please speak with them. I have to go; Abulafia cannot know I am here.
With that, Mia leans in and kisses me.
Mia, please be careful, I whisper as my chest tightens.
She gives me a coy smile. Always.
Chapter 27
God Bless.

ZAK


We stop running, frozen in our tracks. That was a gunshot.
No, Jada! I have to get to her!
Haytham, get your mother and sister to the truck, I say, then I sprint back to Jada. I shouldnt have left her. What was I thinking?
I get to the corner of the road, terrified of what awaits me there. I cannot bear to see anyone else I know dead. I just cant bear it!
The truck is still there. The doors are closed, just as I left them. There are no soldiers no signs of trouble. Everything is as it was. So why was there gunfire?
I see Jada standing by the door aiming her gun at the driver.
Jada, what was that? You okay? I ask frantically.
She motions to the side view mirror. Im fine. Had to fire a warning shot. He tried to get out of the truck, Jada says, still pointing the gun toward the driver. Shes using the gun like shes pointing her finger. It looks so natural in her hand, like shes been trained to use it. Just who is this girl?
Why are you looking at me like that? Jada asks me. I hadnt realized I was staring at her.
Kids, we have to go, the driver says impatiently. Wheres the pregnant lady? Were running out of time!
He is right.
In the distance, I can see them coming, thank God. Haytham is carrying Waliyah and trying to support his mother, plus carrying the bags. I run over to help him.
Give Waliyah to me, I say when I reach them. Haytham passes Waliyah to me, and I take the bag from him as well. Haytham is strong, but he is carrying too much. I will get her to the truck and come back for you, I yell, as I run on ahead.
Whats this? I thought you said a pregnant woman. This is a kid.
She has a daughter and a son. They will be coming with us.
He frowns. I can tell hes unhappy, but theres nothing he can do about it. Okay, okay. Hurry up, they will be here soon.
I place Waliyah in the back of the truck with her bags. Haytham and his mother are just behind me. Haytham is dripping with sweat and breathing heavily. Sahar is panting, obviously in great pain.
Jada. Jada, my dear, Sahar gasps.
Jada moves to the side of the truck, her gun still on the driver, with a serious look on her face. She glances toward Sahar.
Jada, my dear, thank you so much, Sahar continues. We just met, and you saved our lives. If I have a girl, I will call her Jada. If I have a boy, he will be called Zak. God bless you; have a safe trip to the camp. With that, Sahar blows a kiss to me and steps onto the truck. Haytham waves at me, smiling as he joins her.
Kids, you are really brave and stupid! the driver says. I will get them to the camp safely. God bless you, and good luck.
Jada nods to me, and I hand the keys over to the driver. Sahar is safe. I wish we were going with them. At least we got them out of here, and her baby will not be born in hell.
As the truck drives away, Haytham leans out and takes one last photograph of us. Will I see him again? I place my arm around Jadas shoulders, as I used to do with Haytham.
So who taught you to fire a gun? I ask Jada. I still dont know if I should be impressed or worried.
My father, she answers. I am happy with that reply. She is one of us.
Do you have any other tricks? I ask her.
You will see, she says, smiling.
I like her. A lot.
Chapter 28
The Journey Begins.

JADA


Zak is a really good leader. I see it firsthand after we wave goodbye to Haytham and his family.
Once we get back onto our street, we see that all the children are standing at the edge of the rooms with their shoes, jackets, and backpacks on.
They all knew he was coming back. They stand proud, like soldiers waiting for their leader to return for the next mission. They know hes taking them in the right direction, and they all trust him. I trust him as well.
Huge smiles appear on their faces when they see us. Zak waves them all down from their rooms, and one after another, each child helps the others through the remains of the building.
Tilly dives over and gives her big brother a hug. He holds her tightly, as he is just as happy to see her. Then she runs over to me and hugs me, taking me by surprise. I stumble backwards, overcome by her weight. Zak looks at me and laughs.
Shes a hugger, and you'd better get used to it, he says.
For a moment it feels like Lucas hugging me. I hold on to her, grateful for the embrace.
All the children line up in front of Zak. He didnt ask them to do it, so I guess its part of their routine. They all have their backpacks open, ready for inspection. What is he looking for? Whats happening?
Zak walks up to the first child. Did you get some sleep? he asks him.
Yes, Zak. Thank you, the boy answers. He looks to be around seven years old.
What do you have for lunch? And whats your extra meal? Zak asks.
Oh, he is checking that all the children have food, how thoughtful.
Zak turns to me. Jada, you will replace Haytham now that hes gone, if thats okay with you.
Yes, I reply. What did I just agree to? I shouldve asked first.
Zak smiles like he is reading my mind. Dont worry, its not that hard. If Haytham could do it, youll be fine.
Okay, what would you like me to do? I ask quickly.
Will you please check that they have slept, are feeling okay, whether there are any wounds, and if they are clean and bandaged? Supplies are in that bag there. Make sure each child has enough food for two meals and enough water for tonight. Once were all done, we will leave.
Okay, Zak, will do, I reply, walking over to the first child. When weve finished with the children, he comes back over to me.
Did you sleep? he asks.
Yes.
How are you feeling?
Okay, I say.
Let me see your hands. I hold them out and turn them over. Theyve gotten better, and the scratches are fading.
Did you get a chance to pack some food? he asks.
Yes. I show him inside my bag, moving my gun out of the way. He looks up and winks at me.
Water?
Check, I laugh.
Did anyone find anything useful in the rooms last night? Zak asks everyone. Tilly speaks up.
We found a first aid kit. Ive added it to the bag. And a map  I placed that in your backpack. And the best thing we found was a bag of jelly beans! she adds with a giggle.
She takes the candy bag from her pack and opens it up, letting everyone take a handful.
I place one in my mouth and slowly suck it, and place the rest in my pocket for later. Zak does the same. The younger children shovel the delicious, sugary treats in all at once.
Okay, everyone, we are ready to go, Zak says.
One minute, I protest. Everyone stops chomping their jelly beans and stares at me.
Did you sleep? I ask Zak, smiling. All the children resume enjoying their candy and snicker.
A little a new member joined our gang last night, and she snores! he says, laughing.
What? I dont snore. I jab him in the ribs.
Ouch! I asked you to warn me when you're about to do that! He laughs again and leans to his side.
Do you have food?
Yes, maam, he says, showing me his stash.
Water?
Yes. He holds up his bottle and winks. Its like the calm before the storm. Everyone is happily laughing, waiting
Okay, we are ready, Zak says, and off we go.
Traveling with a group at night is a lot harder than I thought it would be. The rule is, if you can walk, you walk. You have to carry all your personal belongings with you.
After a few hours, I empty out some clothes and my extra shoes to make my bag lighter.
With all the abandoned buildings, its like having open shops everywhere; we can take what we need.
The problem with the little ones walking is that they are slow and grow tired very quickly. After an hour or so, theyre moving at a snails pace. The older kids have to carry them part of the way, or we just wont get anywhere.
We try to keep it fun for them by giving them piggy-back rides and placing our backpacks on our fronts. Were able to move more quickly for about an hour with the children on our backs. We are getting tired and need to sleep, but were still in the city.
Zak starts looking for a safe place for us to stop, shining the flashlight up and down the road. Our eyes adjust to the darkness after a few moments.
Its risky using the light, since we could be spotted more easily. Zak holds the light and focuses it on one location.
We hit gold, he says happily. We all look over, and we realize hes right. Its a restaurant that is, miraculously, still standing, untouched by the bombs. My mouth begins to water as I wonder what types of food it might have. This is one of those high-end restaurants that Ive never been in the kind of place that parents would go to celebrate their wedding anniversary.
Okay, Jada and I will go in and check whether its safe. Everyone stays together and out of sight, Zak tells the group. He looks over to me. You ready?
Born ready!
Yes, lets do it.
Zak walks to the restaurant window and cups his hand to try to see through the dirty pane. He stands there for a moment, waiting to see if there is a change in the shadows.
I do the same on the other side. Its hard to see inside, but it looks empty. I look at Zak and nod. We move to stand next to each other, ready to go to the front door. Zak pushes down on the handle and pulls it open. Something rings.
Oh no, they have a bell on the door!
We freeze and Zak quickly grabs the bell, muffling the sound. We glance around and, fortunately, cannot see anyone. I squeeze under Zaks arm and slide into the small gap between the door and frame. Zak repositions his arm and slides in through the door, slowly closing it behind us.
That was close, he says, sweeping his hand across his face. He shines his light around the restaurant. Its empty, thank God.
We need to check the kitchens, the bathroom and any other areas, I tell him, and he agrees. I head to the ladys bathroom, and Zak goes to the mens. We both move quickly. Zak looks a little pained when he reappears.
Are you okay? Was there someone in there? I ask. He looks down at the ground; its odd how quickly he can go from looking like a brave man, to a seemingly scared kid, in the blink of an eye.
I walk over to him, place my hand under his chin, and lift it up so his eyes are looking into mine. He does have nice eyes. Whats wrong? I ask.
Nothing. Theres no one in there, just bad memories...you know.
Oh, it must be something to do with what Haytham told me; weve all seen so many horrors. I dont think any of us are ready to talk about it.
I place my arms around him and hug him like a mother would. He holds me tightly, and it feels nice. With the war breaking out and having to leave school, Ive not had a lot of experience with boys, and Im not exactly sure what to do here. But this feels right.
Its okay, we all have bad memories. Im here for you. I kiss him on the forehead. Jesus, do you want to be his mother or girlfriend? He continues to hug me a little more tightly.
Ive never kissed anyone before, only my family.
We stand there for a moment with our arms around each others waist, looking into each others eyes, not knowing what to do next.
Zaks eyes twinkle, and creases in their corners begin to form. I look down, then back up at him, and he has an adorable smile on his face. I turn into a silly little school girl, and butterflies dance in my stomach. Leaning forward, he kisses me back on my forehead and takes my hand.
Damn! Thats it?
Come on, lets check out the kitchen. The children will be wondering whats happening, Zak says, laughing. Im so glad it is dark. I know my cheeks are red.
The moment is gone no kiss for me.
Chapter 29
The Mission.

GERARD


Abulafia, Mia, the Kenyan Ambassador, and the members of his group all emerge from the embassy. Jesus, just the sight of her with Abulafia makes my blood boil! Len gave me a talking to last night, and told me not to let my anger take over and blow the mission. But its fucking hard!
Im standing with the undercover Turkish special agents; theyve been working with the Kenyan security team for months, and today all their hard work will come to an end. Bet theyre glad of that working undercover for months at a time is a nightmare.
Len walks over to the car. Hell be driving the car behind mine, and Mia and one of Abulafia's men will be his passengers. Abulafia, his son, and the Ambassador will be in my car.
Imran, please can you travel with Mohammed Abulafia instructs the man that was about to get into the car with Mia.
Fuck, hes changed the plan. At least shell be in the car with Len. I know we have to stick with the mission, but I dont feel good about this. I have a bad feeling in the pit of my gut.
Abulafia heads to the car behind me with Len and Mia. Imran, Abulafia's son Mohammed, and the Ambassador get into mine.
Once everyone is seated, I set off toward the airport; I have an undercover member in the passenger seat, and Len follows behind us.
Nairobi traffic is a nightmare, and within moments our cars are split up. I cannot drive any slower, or I will stop! Jesus, Len, fucking catch up! I keep slowing down, and the Turkish special agent keeps looking over at me. I just glare silently back at him.
I pull up to the airport, to the location about which I was informed at the briefing. Instantly, I spot the rest of the special agents. Only another agent would know they are there - they are very well hidden.
Stepping out of the car, I open the door for my passengers.
Grard, I hope you said goodbye to your girlfriend, Mia. Imran says.
I look at him, stunned. What the fuck he knows about Mia and me?
Before I have time to react, the sound of an explosion fills the air. Looking around to see where the sound came from, I see a black car, the one Len was driving, flying up in the air.
Boom, Imran says, with an evil grin on his face.
Daddy Mohammad screams out from inside the car.
Rage flows through me, and with one swing, Imran's body is laid on the ground. The special agents come flying toward us.
Grard, no! We have to bring him in alive, one agent shouts, as he grabs hold of me.
Fuck him! I kick Imran in the head as he lies on the ground.
There is a chance they are alive I begin to run to the car. Please God, let them be alive! The car is upside down and engulfed in flames. I try to get closer, but I cant  the heat from the flames is unbearable.
NO!!
Chapter 30
Zaatari Refugee Camp  Tent Town.

HAYTHAM


Im overwhelmed from the moment I enter tent town. Its not a town; its like a city. A lady on the truck informed us that there are more than 120,000 people who call this area home. She said that a year ago it was a desert-like terrain, and practically vacant.
This is the first time Ive left Syria, and the first time Im going to Jordan. My new home.
It feel surreal as we drive through the encampment. Looking out of the truck window, I can see makeshift corrugated tin shops. One man is selling candy, another cooking kebab...theres even a wedding shop. Waliyahs face lights up when she sees the beautiful dresses.
I feel like an alien seeing humans for the first time. For so long, weve been hiding from people, and now there are thousands of them walking up and down the streets, just like a normal sunny day. But it isnt normal, that much is clear.
Okay, everyone were here, time to get out, yells the driver. Please help the young and old out of the truck. Good luck!
Waliyah, it is time to go, I say. Mother, how are you doing?
I know the baby is coming, but shes been quiet this whole ride. Too quiet. To keep Waliyah from getting scared, I suspect, she hid her pain behind a strong face. I love my mother for that.
Haytham, I'm okay, Mother tells me. The baby will be here soon. Please help your sister out of the truck.
I take our bags and help Waliyah down. I notice everyone is waiting on us. We were the last to get in, so were the first to get out. Several of the other passengers are angry and impatient some of them have been in the truck for days.
But instead of the fresh air of freedom, all we smell is a rotten stench, like an overflowing toilet.
What is that, Haytham? Phew, it's horrible! Waliyah whines as she holds her nose.
Everyone in the truck begins sniffing, no longer in a hurry to get out. I hesitate, but I have no choice. The baby is coming, and this rotten place is my mothers only hope.
Great!
Behind Waliyah, there are hundreds of people standing in line. Theyre all staring at us.
I scan through the crowd; there are refugees young and old, carrying one bag, just like us. Everyone left their homes with just a few necessities and the clothes on their backs.
All of them have blank expressions on their faces. With hundreds of people in a group, I would think the sound of voices would be unbearable, but its eerily silent. People stand in small clusters maybe they are family members? Theres only a hummingbird-like sound of whispers.
It appears that the camp entrance lies at the front of this line.
Mother, give me your hand. I reach out to her.
Thank you, Haytham. Youre such a good boy. Your father would be very proud of you.
Mother, not now! Don't make me cry!
I grin at her, widen my eyes, and shake my head to indicate I want no more of that talk.
Sorry, but he would be. She smiles at me as she takes my hand. Slowly, she steps down from the truck, taking deep breaths.
Come on, Mother, we have to get in line. But as I look at her, we both know the baby will be here before we make it to the front. I give her a reassuring smile as she hobbles forward.
Itll be okay, Mother. We got this far. Well make it in before the baby comes.
In front of us, it looks like there is a small girl about my age, and a boy who I'm guessing is her brother.
I tap the boy on his shoulder. He turns around, and his shoulders instantly tighten up beneath my hand. His face is gray and sunken in, with bulging eyes. He looks like hes starving. I wonder how long hes been traveling. The girl turns around at the same time, but a lot more slowly. She has a head scarf hiding most of her face.
AHH! Waliyah screeches and jumps back.
I stare at the girl, startled. What's wrong with her?
Then I realize it's not a girl; it's a very old lady. Her face is covered with wrinkles on her paper-thin skin. She has a black hole where one of her eyes should be. She quickly lowers the headscarf to conceal herself again.
Sorry, my daughter is young, Mother apologizes for Waliyah. I'm still staring at the old lady. She looks like shes dead. Mother nudges me, shaking me out of my trance.
What's the line for? Mother asks. I guess that's the first question that came to her mind.
Were waiting to get in, the boy replies. We have to register at the front gate. Once weve done that, we go into the main section.
How long have you been here? Mother asks.
We haven't been here long, the boy says as he shrugs. But earlier we asked the people in front of us, and they were told it takes about twelve hours to get to the front.
Oh no, my mother doesn't have twelve hours! She's been having contractions for hours. I don't even think we have twelve minutes.
I'm not having my baby here! my mother begins to yell, shattering the eerie silence. Everyone turns to look at her. This baby is coming! Please, Lord, help me! Help us all!
Stay calm, Mother. You can make it. You are strong. We will find a way! I try to soothe her by gently stroking her hand.
Sir, does your mother need a hot cup of tea? a boy interrupts us. I'm grateful because Im not sure what else to say to my mother. How am I going to get her out of this line?
Sir, would she like some? Its three coins, the boy adds. I smile. This is the first time I have been called sir.
Mother, would you like some tea?
She doesnt respond.
Waliyah and I spot the biscuits in his hand.
Can I have one? Can I? Can I? Waliyah squeaks, and Mother smiles.
Haytham, will you pay? Mother passes me her handbag, sweat dripping down her face.
Time passes a little more quickly; the tea helps take our minds off the line.
Just as we finish the tea, we notice soldiers walking around handing out biscuits and juice. Waliyah is excited when she spots them.
Yay, more biscuits! The sugar is already taking effect on my sister; it is fun to watch her be happy.
Haytham, I cannot stand in the line anymore, my mother tells me quietly, trying not to scare Waliyah. We have to get to the front. We have to go now.
The soldiers are getting closer.
Sir, sir, my mother is going into labor. I step out of the line and call to the soldier, but he doesn't appear to hear me.
We need help! I yell louder. Everyone in line turns to me, and I finally get the mans attention.
He moves closer to me. My body trembles with every step he takes. Jesus, Haytham, get a grip!
But my fear is understandable. Ive been hiding from them for so long, and now I need them for help.
What is wrong? The soldier stands over me. He's double my size. I cant get the words out of my mouth, and my throat feels like its swelling up.
My mother is going into labor. We need help, Waliyah answers, as she grabs a biscuit from his tray and takes a bite.
If she can do it, so can I.
Shes been having contractions for hours. We need to get her inside and into the hospital. Please help us.
The soldier looks over to my mother who is now puffing and panting, doubled over in pain.
Follow me, he says.
I let out a huge sigh of relief.
Thank God.
Chapter 31
They Know Where They Are.

JADA


Zak and I enter the kitchen together, both a little bit giggly. Butterflies are flying around in my stomach. Ive never felt this way before, but its kind of nice. I smile as I realize hes holding my hand.
Zak swings the flashlight around as he tries to get a better look. Luckily the kitchen is empty. He shines the light in my eyes. What are you smiling about? he asks me with a chuckle.
I go to jab him in the ribs, but he grabs my hand and spins me around, laughing. Damn, he knows my moves, I need some new ones! I begin to giggle. He keeps spinning me around and around.
Stop, stop, Im dizzy. Laughing, I stumble into the restaurant.
The kitchen doors close, taking with it the glow from Zaks flashlight. But now Im blinded by light shining directly into my eyes.
I recoil and cover my face.
Sorry, didnt mean to scare you. We thought we were alone, says a strange voice.
Its deeper than Zaks, but its not an adults voice its younger.
Zak comes bouncing out of the kitchen, laughing.
Are you still dizzy? he asks.
Zak, were not alone, I whisper. Zak holds his flashlight up and waves it across the boys' faces.
Your girlfriend is right, youre not alone, says the deep voice. He thinks Zak is my boyfriend! And Zak isn't disagreeing
We mean you no harm. Were just getting some food, then moving on; there must be enough for all of us, says one of the boys.
Are you alone? Zak asks.
Yes, its just the three of us. Were heading over to the church. Weve been told kids are meeting up there, and they know where our fathers are.
What?! A lump appears in my throat. They know where our fathers are? I shriek, shocking them all and shattering the silence of the darkness. You know where they are?
I dont know, he says. But there are people at the church who do. Do you two want to come with us?
I turn and smile at Zak. He doesnt smile back, just nods.
Please, will you turn around so we can check that youre not carrying any weapons? Zak asks the boys, shining the light toward them. We just like to be safe, and well do it next.
The boys glance at each other, and then start to turn around with their hands in the air. I quickly pat them down. Theyre clean.
Then we turn around with our hands in the air. Im glad I didnt bring my gun with me. We stand staring at each other, and then smile, as if to welcome each other. Zak holds his hand out to the boy standing in the middle. He looks like the leader.
Hi, Im Zak. Nice move, Zak.
Hi, Im Mansur. Hes kind of pleasant on the eyes. Jada, you tart!
Hello, Im Jada. One after another we introduce ourselves.
Its not just the two of us; there is a gang of us, and well have to check with them first before we make a decision, Zak informs the boys. I like how he is taking the lead. Oh, how did you get in here without us hearing?
We came in through the back door. The boy smiles, and I cannot believe we didnt see the back door. How stupid of us!
Zak and I head outside to the rest of the group. Theyre all waiting quietly, hiding in the shadows.
Tilly stands at the front of the gang, eagerly waiting.
Zak, Zak, is it safe? I need the bathroom, she says.
Yes, its safe. But before you go in, there are three boys in there. They look like teenagers. We checked them for weapons, and they dont have any. Is everyone okay with going in? Or we can move on to the next restaurant. Zak has a concerned look on his face.
Im okay to go in if you are, Tilly says. Zak hesitates.
I think theyre okay. They told us they know where our fathers are being held, I explain.
All the kids stand back in surprise, mouths open.
They know where my father is? one of the small boys gasps.
I nod. Yes they said theyre heading to the church where other children are gathering, and someone there knows where theyre holding the men.
The small boy steps forward. He looks so little, about seven years old. But he has an oddly wise expression on his face.
I want to go with them if they know where my father is, he says. I have no one left. They killed everyone I love.
My heart breaks as the boy speaks.
Me too! another boy shouts.
And me, echoes another. One after another, the children agree to go into the restaurant and find out what the boys have to say.
Okay, decision made. Tilly, go with Jada, she knows where the bathroom is, Zak informs the group.
I need to go to the bathroom as well, says a little girl.
Girls, follow Jada to the bathroom. Ill go with the men. We end up making two lines and march back into the restaurant.
The three boys are standing there waiting for us. This is the 3F gang, Zak introduces us.
The leader of the boys speaks up. We are The Three Musketeers.
We all start laughing. Its a great ice breaker. One after another, the children go to the bathroom. I start to close the curtains and Zak helps me, then we light a few candles that were set out on the dining tables ready for the guests. Tonights guests are the 3F gang and the Three Musketeers. It makes me smile as I arrange some plates.
The boys are in the kitchen searching for food. I hope there are some good treats. They come out with smiles on their faces and their arms full of treats.
The restaurant visit turns into a party. Everyone is excited about the tasty snacks the boys found. All the younger children sit together, smiling and shoveling food in their mouths, laughing and joking with each other. Every few minutes I hush them like a mother trying to keep her wild kids quiet.
Zak and I sit at a table together, watching the candles flames as they wave in the breeze of happiness in the room. I look over at him, and he is watching me. He looks deep in thought. He sees me looking at him and smiles his sweet smile, but he has a worried look in his eyes.
I move closer to him. Are you okay? I whisper.
He places his hand on top of mine. Butterflies start fluttering in my stomach again. He opens his mouth to speak, but Mansur interrupts. May we join you?
Zak closes his mouth and looks down at my hand.
Yes, of course, he says, waving toward the free chairs, but keeping his hand firmly on top of mine.
Eat up, you two we got loads of good food for us, one of the boys says. Hes right; theres a spread fit for a king.
One minute. I jump to my feet, stride over to Tilly's table, and whisper into her ear. She stands up, smiling, and we both run into the kitchen. Everyone is silent, watching for us, wondering what were up to. We search the kitchen and find what we are looking for and then return to the main dining area, each carrying a tray of fizzy pop. Everyone cheers. For a lot of us, this was a rare treat even when life was normal. I walk over to Zak, holding out my tray.
Sir, would you like cola or orange? I ask.
Zak smiles at me.
I would like orange, please, waitress, he replies in a funny, deep voice.
Wonderful choice, sir, I say haughtily. Tilly copies me, and the whole restaurant fills with laughter.
It is a good day.
Chapter 32
Empty Shell.

HAYTHAM


My name is Suranga. Im an area coordinator. Basically, I know how everything works here, so I will help you get settled into your new home.
Do you live here as well? Waliyah asks as she yawns, still half asleep.
Suranga bends down to Waliyahs eye level. No, dear child. I live in a town far away. I have to get up very early and drive through the desert to get here.
What time is early? Waliyah is awake and is full of questions now. Great no peace for me now. Once my sister starts talking, she doesnt stop!
Suranga smiles at Waliyahs interest in her. I work from six a.m. to six p.m., six days a week. Theres a lot of work to be done here. Normally, the day starts getting busy at eight a.m. I have a meeting with Acted  the leader of water, sanitation, and hygiene. As you can tell by the smell, we have a few problems with the sewage. Its hard to fix the problem with over 120,000 people here. Its important to wash your hands. Always wash your hands, so you dont get sick.
Suranga looks up at me, and I nod that I understand; it does bloody stink!
Waliyah, will you please wash your hands after going to the bathroom and before you eat? Keep your hands clean, Suranga demands.
I understand, Waliyah says.
Haytham, is your father with you, or are you the man of the house?
My father was kidnapped from our village. I am the man of the house now. Why? I ask nervously. I hate it each time I have to say my father was kidnapped. That admission makes it more real.
Youll need to make some money to support your family. Well give you food stamps, but you cannot live off that alone. Once your mother has the baby and leaves the hospital, shell need diapers  those are very expensive. Youll have to help your mother out, so youll need to get a job.
I have to work is she crazy? I havent even finished school!
Haytham, I understand its a lot to ask from you. There are over 200 babies born here every month. We dont have the money for these luxuries.
Luxuries? These are normal things a baby requires!
Your mother and the baby will get what they need in the hospital, Suranga continues.
They will be well looked-after, but when they leave they will be your responsibility, she says, almost as an afterthought.
Suranga, dont worry. I got us this far, and I can continue to look after us, I assure her. We are strong, just like our father. One day we will be reunited. I believe these words I am speaking, and I know I can do it! I just wish Zak and Jada were here with me. I hope they are okay.
Waliyah and I rise to our feet. Its time for us to be strong and proud.
Suranga, where are we going to be living? I ask. She points over to rows upon rows of tents. In the distance, it looks like there are square buildings they almost look like trailers.
Youll be living in a tent. Sorry, but it is far away from the hospital. All the closer ones are already taken.
Were really going to be living in a tent! I want to be back at home in my bedroom with my TV and hot water. Not living like a nomad.
Suranga, if we are living in that, where is our bathroom? Waliyah asks.
Youll share a bathroom with the other families.
Waliyah turns her nose up at that. I dont blame her! No wonder this place smells.
Where do we get water from? I ask nervously. I really dont like the idea of this. I like the indoors.
We never even went camping before the war  wed always stay in nice hotels with pools.
Theres no running water in the tent. You will need to get water from the pump or water tank and take it back with you. There is usually a line for the water. Ill show you.
With that, Suranga begins walking us to our new home. Jesus, I have to use the pump to get water. This is just crazy!
The ground is covered in dust not dirt. Odd. There is nothing green, nothing growing or alive. I can already feel the dust under my toes and entering my lungs. Waliyah lets out a little cough. It must be bothering her as well.
You get used to the dust and the smell, Suranga says. I hate to admit that shes right Im already noticing the stench fading; I dont like that. I dont want to get used to this place. I want to get out of here and go back home.
We walk past rows of white, dusty tents. Children around Waliyah's age are playing outside, with watchful mothers standing nearby.
Waliyah and I stop. One of the tents is open. A man is sitting in a chair with a towel around his neck. Another man is standing next to him, cutting his hair. Puzzled, Waliyah and I look at each other.
People are resourceful. There are butchers who sell slabs of meat, and there are vegetable shops, clothes stores, and even a pet shop.
We saw a wedding dress store on the way in, Waliyah says proudly. We continue walking.
Haytham, is there anything you like to do?
Haytham likes taking photos, Waliyah announces.
Looking around the camp, I realize Im dying to get a few good shots.
You take pictures? Do you have any I can see? Suranga asks.
I pull out my camera. These are some from our journey here.
Suranga looks at the photos. Haytham, you are very talented. You need to be careful with that camera. Keep it hidden and safe. She passes it back to me, and I tuck it inside my jacket. Why do I have to hide it? I dont like the sound of that.
I have an idea for you on how to make money. There are around ten weddings each week. You could take a photo of the couple. And there are so many new babies... you could take baby pictures.
I do like that idea.
Ill check and see if we can print them in the office, Suranga says.
I'm not promising anything, but I think it could work.
I give her a smile. Thank you.
Here, this will be your home. She points to a tent in front of her.
I unzip the front. This is where we live now. Waliyah and I open the tent and find only dust on the floor.
Our new home is an empty shell of lost hope.
Chapter 33
Our Sanctuary.

JADA


Weve been at the church for one night now. Im surprised with how well-organized everything is, considering it's being run by children.
Theyve moved the wooden pews around to create rooms and bedroom areas that are lined with sleeping bags and blankets. Theres a meeting area next to one of the bedrooms, then a sitting/ dining area where the pews face each other, creating a table in the middle.
Everyone has jobs. It doesnt matter how old you are; you have to do something.
When we got to the church, Zak and I just wanted to ask loads of questions, but we were told wed have a meeting with the Keeper. It seemed like he was the leader of the watchers.
Zak was quiet on the walk to the church. I wanted to question him about what he was going to say in the restaurant, but someone was always with us. Tilly was happy, skipping along, and joyful at the thought of seeing her father again.
I wondered what was wrong with Zak, and why he was being so quiet. Was it because he was no longer the leader? Id think hed just be happy at the chance to see our fathers again. Stupid boys.
When we got to the church, we were separated. But I guess it may have had something to do with religion. Mother had taught us about different religions when we were younger, then once the war broke out, she tried to explain more about it. But I didnt understand then, and I still dont now.
Why would this happen? I dont think anyones God would want us to fight over our beliefs.
This war is a very confusing one. The government is fighting against the rebels, the rebels are fighting the government, and then another group of rebels is having a holy war. I asked my mother one day which side we were on. Her reply was, None, and do not trust any side. Just trust your heart.
I still do not know who took my father. After the men were kidnapped from the village, people were saying it was the rebels taking the strongest men and forcing them to join in the war against the government.
I do not know who killed my mother and brother. I think it was the government, because a plane had to have been used to drop the chemical bombs. I dont think thats something the rebels would have done, but I just dont know.
Like Mother said I cannot trust any side.
Zaks job is to be a lookout man, along with the other older boys in 3F. They are called watchers. His station is going to be in the building next to the church, on the top floor so he has a good vantage point.
The girls and I go to work in the kitchen in the back of the church. Its kind of like its own world; it doesnt have any bomb marks like the main area of the building, and it remains untouched by the war.
Once weve been given our jobs, Zak quickly pulls me aside.
Jada, I want you to look after Tilly, he barks at me.
Of course Ill watch over her. Whats your problem why are you in a mood? I snap back at him.
Sorry, its not you, its them I dont trust them.
I look at him, confused. I thought they were here to help us. Why is he suspicious?
Time to meet the Keeper, one of the boys informs us. Im glad our conversation is interrupted. I dont want to argue with Zak right now.
We follow the boys. Theres something a bit different about all the guys here theyre all around the same age, about eighteen or so, and all look very similar  tall and muscular with short brown hair. Their haircuts even look the same.
Its weird to see this many teens, but on the walk to see the Keeper, they tell us how their school was attacked, and they escaped together. Their villages were burned down, so they all wanted to find their kidnapped fathers.
They have the same story as Zak; hed been able to get away, so if he could do it, others could as well. It makes sense.
We follow the boys to the back of the room. The young kids can stay here, a boy tells us. You can fill them in once were done. The rooms too small for everyone. Dont worry, they can meet the other children, and therell always be someone watching over them.
I turn around to the group of kids behind us. They do look tired, like they just need to sit down. The church is full of other little children around their age. Some sit at the eating area, others are just lounging around, relaxing. I look over at Zak and shrug.
Okay, they can stay here. But Tilly comes with us, Zak says.
Just the little one, the boy agrees, pointing to Tilly.
Tilly walks over to Zak and holds his hand. We walk into the room, and there is an older boy  the Keeper. He looks about seventeen, and is sitting at a large table with maps covered with pins. There is a black chalkboard behind him, similar to what we used to have at Sunday school. It has drawings on it like a battle plan from a war movie.
The Keeper raises his head up. What is she doing here? he asks, pointing to Tilly.
I get the first glimpse of his eyes; they look evil, and the blackness under them makes his eyes look like they are rotting away. God, what has he seen?
I notice the other boys have glazed looks, as if theyre numb to everything. The shock, the horror after seeing so many bodies, you become used to it.
She is with me. If you have a problem, we can leave right now! Zak yells.
The Keeper widens his eyes in surprise, but quickly recovers. Apologies. What is your name?
Zak.
Zak This is no place for a child. Let me rephrase that, a young child.
Maybe hes right. Hasnt Tilly been through enough?
What is your name? Zak asks the Keeper.
Junayd, he replies sternly.
Junayd, thank you for speaking with us. My sister is the only member of my family I have left until I locate my father. She has seen many murdered people on her journey here. Until the war is over, Tilly is no longer a child she is an equal, as are all the people in our group, Zak says firmly.
Fine, says the Keeper. He has an expression on his face that shows he is already bored of our presence in the room and is not interested in what Zak is saying.
Weve located where our fathers are being held, says the Keeper. Theyre in the next town over. The soldiers are keeping them in an old prison, which is also being used as a military base. We have look-outs watching and waiting, but currently there are too many soldiers. One of the look-outs overheard the soldiers talking, and a lot of them will be leaving soon to head up north.
The Keeper pauses and looks down at his maps.
We are waiting for them to leave, and then were going in, he continues. Weve been collecting information on the prison for the last few days, and gathering weapons from the villages. Are you in?
I look at Zak, waiting for his reply.
When Zak remains silent, I yell out, Im in!
Very good. And the rest of you? he asks, looking at Zak.
I am also in, he replies with a low voice. I dont understand whats wrong with him. The Keeper wants to help us rescue our fathers Zak should be excited!
That is all. Please do the jobs that were assigned to you.
I can tell this is his way of asking us to leave. Watchers, can you stay behind? the Keeper adds.
We exit, and just as Zak closes the door, we hear shouting coming from the room. Before I can say anything, Mansur puts his arms around my shoulders. Your father would be very proud of you, Jada, he says.
I smile up at him, excited that Ill get to see my father again.
Zak looks furious and marches off, dragging Tilly with him.
Chapter 34
Extra Pair of Hands.

JADA


The kitchen door flies open, and all the girls jump. Before the war, I wouldve jumped as well - Id get startled when bread popped up from the toaster. But now, Im always ready to run or attack. I make sure I know where the exit is at all times  its like second nature these days.
Hello, ladies, Mansur says confidently as he stands in the doorway. What is he doing here? This is where the girls hang out. But I have to admit its nice to see a friendly face. Zak has been ignoring me since we got here.
Whatever Zaks loss is Mansurs gain! And Mansur is easy on the eyes. I hadnt noticed before, maybe because my head was so wrapped around Zak. But Im tired of waiting for him to make a move.
Mansur is taller than Zak, and he looks strong. I can see the muscle definition under his t-shirt a definite upgrade from Zak.
I quickly look away as Mansur catches me checking him out. I feel my cheeks flush, and I cant think of anything to say. Crap!
Mansur winks at me.
Sorry, ladies, didnt mean to scare you.
All the girls giggle and look at me with my red face.
What are you doing in here?! I snap at him. Im not used to all these emotions. It seems like the only natural one to me is anger. Bet Im going to scare him off, the same way I did with Zak.
He gives me an adorable smile. Hi, Jada. I couldnt sleep so I thought Id give you a hand, if thats okay with you?
Of course, its okay with me!
The more, the merrier, I say casually. What would you like to do?
What are you doing? he asks as he walks over to me. I can feel a girly grin appearing on my face, and I struggle to stay cool.
Peeling potatoes Are you really sure you want to help? I think sleeping may be better than peeling potatoes.
Mansur places his hand on the lower section of my back, and my body tingles with his touch. I can feel the redness rushing back into my cheeks, but for a different reason this time. He does like me!
Im happy to hang around here with you, he says with a little twinkle in his eye.
Im happy as well, I blurt out. A few of the other girls in the kitchen start to giggle. Damn, did Tilly hear that?
I look over at her, and shes so busy cleaning the dishes, she apparently hasnt even noticed that hes here. Good.
Mansur rubs his hand up and down my back. I like how it feels warm and safe.
So, potatoes? he says.
I reach over to grab the bucket of potatoes and place them in front of him. I take a step back, hoping he puts his hand on my back again.
I can barely contain my smile when, a moment later, he does.
But then his hand brushes down to the top of my buttocks.
What the?
I jump back in shock, swiftly turning to Mansur and giving him the evil eye as I press my lips together.
You cannot blame a man for trying! He laughs.
Peel these potatoes, you naughty boy!
This is going to be fun.
Chapter 35
First Taste of Happiness.

JADA


Jada, wake up. Zak is kneeling next to me. Its so early, we havent spoken for days, and now hes shaking me awake!
Wake up. He repeats. He gives me a shove and pulls my blanket off me. The cold air washes over my body.
Bloody fool, whats he playing at!
Im awake, Im awake. Give me my blanket back, its freezing, I protest in my newly-woken state. I slowly open my eyes to see Zak at my side. Whats wrong, why are you not on look-out?
Ive finished, but we dont have much time. Get your gun.
Now I am awake and not questioning him anymore. I take the gun from my backpack and quickly place it in my pants before anyone else can see.
This is the most hes spoken to me since we got here. He has a concerned look on his face and looks tired so different from the boy I met just last week. We are the only ones awake in the church; everyone else is sleeping or on look-out.
Zak stands up, placing his finger over his mouth to indicate I should not speak. Whats going on? Why are we sneaking about?
He leads the way to the kitchen. Theres an exit in the back, so I guess were going outside. He turns to me and takes my hand. As we connect, electricity runs through my body.
We both look down to see where the power came from. He mustve felt the connection as well, as he has a loving and warm smile on his face. My cheeks are turning pink as he watches me, and I can see that he's trying not to laugh. He continues to hold my hand and leads me to the kitchen exit.
God, Ive missed him. He makes me feel safe, and there I was stupidly flirting with Mansur! What was I thinking?
Wait here  Ill check that its all clear. Zak lets go of my hand and goes through the back door. I stand there alone in the cold kitchen, wondering what is happening. But within moments he returns, placing his hand back in mine. It feels like its meant to be there. A perfect fit.
He grabs a bag from the counter. Oh, I wish Id seen that before and looked inside! Its still dark out, but not for long. The sun will be rising soon. There is a boy on the roof it's Dani, one of the boys from 3F.
Dani looks at me and waves. I wave back, still with the silly grin on my face from Zaks warm hand. Zak takes me by surprise and starts to run, dragging me along with him. Soon we are sprinting. I dont know where were going, but I guess Zak does. He doesnt speak to me, he just keeps on running. Every few strides, he turns and smiles at me. Every time he does I feel happy and free. I didnt realize until now just how much I have missed him.
We run over the hill, past the cemetery, and through some woods. We come to a beautiful clearing. All we can see are grassy hills, untouched by the war. It is like we are the only inhabitants of a whole new planet.
Zak leads me out to a section on the hill and, to my disappointment, lets go of my hand.
He opens the bag and takes out a blanket. He lays it smooth on the ground and then pats it, signaling me to sit down. I do as instructed, taking the gun out of my pants and placing it off to the side.
We sit so closely, our bodies are almost touching. The electricity between us feels strong, like my body is drawn to him. I just want him to hold me close and keep me safe. Ive never felt this way before.
As if reading my mind, Zak places his arm around my shoulder, pulling me in closer.
It feels right, so warm and safe. I can feel my body stiffening up a little with nervousness and excitement. As soon as my body changes, Zak glances at me with an awkward look on his face. He can feel my tension. I stare into his eyes, and I can feel myself becoming at ease again. Zaks eyes light up, and his smile is back where it belongs.
This would be the perfect time for my first kiss.
Zak leans over to me. Butterflies fill my stomach as he gets even closer. He reaches out with his free arm, slowly putting his hand on my chin, and he turns my face away from him, away from his lips, and toward the beautiful morning sunrise shining over the grassy hills. The clouds are glistening gold in the spectacular, red sky. This is one of natures most beautiful gifts.
I turn to look at Zak, mesmerized by Gods beautiful nature show. His eyes twinkle in the sunshine. He turns to face me and pulls me in closer to him so our lips are almost touching.
A smug smile crosses his face. As I lean to him, our lips meet. His are soft and warm. A strange feeling sweeps across my body. This is not like kissing a parent or a friend; this is a new feeling -- a feeling that fills me with joy and hope.
I dont want him to stop kissing me. I want to feel like this forever.
Zak starts to peel away from me, away from our kiss, awkward and embarrassed. Did I kiss him wrong? Was it not as good for him as it was for me? Im too nervous to open my eyes, but I can feel him looking at me, and Im still sitting here like a fool, frozen in the kissing position with my eyes closed.
Happy birthday, Jada. Zak says to me.
Wait, what?
How did you know it was my birthday? I ask him.
Haytham told me when we were walking to the truck.
I had forgotten that today is my birthday. I smile at the memory of Haytham. I hope his family is okay.
Thank you for the gift, I say, shyly looking down at the blanket. Zak lifts my chin and quickly kisses me again. My eyes are still open, and Im still in shock. Zaks eyes are also open, and looking at me joyfully.
Anytime, he replies, once he finishes kissing me.
I lean away, smiling. You sneaky man. I gently jab him in the ribs.
Catch me if you can, I playfully taunt him, as I suddenly jump up and run away.
Zak begins to laugh and races after me. It reminds me of the days playing chase with my family. I feel so free and happy. Zak is fast.
He catches me within a minute, tackling me down to the ground.
He is on top of me. The laughter stops, and he brushes my hair from my eyes. Taking him by surprise, I push him off me.
He lands next to me, and I leap on top of him. Two can play this game, I whisper. Then I lean down and kiss him. This time hes the one in shock with wide eyes, and I am smiling back at him. Leaning up from our kiss, he spreads out on the grass, a goofy grin across his face. Now hes the one blushing.
Did you bring any food in the bag? I ask.
Help me up, and Ill show you, he says.
I take his outstretched arm and pull him up just the right amount, then suddenly let go. He tumbles once again to the ground, laughing.
Race you there! I yell as I sprint away. Zak chases after me. I make it to the blanket and see the gun. Zak is just behind me and collapses next to me, smiling like a school boy. Looking over, I smile back at him and his expression changes.
Whats wrong, Jada? Did I do something wrong? Did you not want me to kiss you?
I lower my head.
No, I wanted you to kiss me. I slowly look up to see his reaction. His smile reappears.
So whats wrong?
Why did you ask me to bring a gun?
Because I would like you to teach me how to shoot it, if thats okay with you.
Of course I can, I reply. What about Tilly? Wont she be worried about you? And whos watching her?
Tilly knows were here, he says. Shell say 'Happy Birthday' to you later. She helped pack the bag, and Dani, on the roof, is our look-out. He is a member of 3F, so hes watching her for me. I dont trust anyone else. Zak looks away as he says that last line, as if hes trying to avoid the subject. I let it go. I dont want to spoil the moment.
Zak takes out the rest of the food, and finally a chocolate cake. Then he pulls out some candles.
I had to look everywhere for these, he says. Its as if, when the soldiers stole our lives, they also stole all the candles. He laughs. This is the first time Ive heard someone joke about the war. It is strangely comforting.
Zak places the candles in the cake and lights them. Time to make a wish.
I dont have to think for a second. I know what my wish is. It is the same wish every other child here would make.
To see our fathers again.
Chapter 36
Hell on Earth.

HAYTHAM


What happened to you? a boy in a hospital bed asks me.
You should see the other guy! I say, smiling. And Im right he should see the other guy, and the bloody mess I left behind!

*****

Our first night in our new home  Ha, new home! A tent with a blanket and dirt, thats no home!
I cannot believe it. Waliyah has just fallen asleep. Weve had a long day waiting for Mother to have her baby, and it still isnt here! And then someone has the nerve to come into our tent.
What the hell are you doing here? I growl, trying not to wake Waliyah.
Give me your camera! the boy yells. Hes a few years older than me, and taller, but I know Im stronger than he is.
Get the hell out of here!
Give it to me now! he orders.
Whats going on? Im trying to sleep! Waliyah sits up, shaking her head. She notices the stranger. Whos he?
Shut up, kid. Give me your camera! he repeats.
Thats rude! Get out of here! Im sleeping! Waliyah is funny at times. Shes only a little child, but she's strong. We get that from both of our parents; both Mother and Father are hotheads.
The boy is shocked at Waliyahs outburst. As I get to my feet, the boy takes a step forward. He isnt scared of me, but he should be.
Take one more step in my tent and itll be your last! I yell. Waliyah gets up and stands at my side.
The boy takes another step. His pupils begin to get larger. I can see hes getting angry.
Haytham, get him! Waliyah yells at me. I look down at my little sister and smirk at her. Such a brave little girl.
Ouch! I get a punch in the eye. Damn, he got me! I take a step back. Waliyah moves to the corner of the tent.
Like a raging bull, I run at him, aiming for his stomach and grabbing his waist to run him out of our tent. I slam him to the ground and leap on top of him, releasing all my pent-up anger, swinging my fists, each connecting with his face time and time again, blood flying with every punch.
Anger consumes me and takes control. Thats for taking my father! Another punch. Thats for making me go through this hell! Another punch.
Haytham. Haytham! Stop! Stop! In the midst of angry darkness, I hear my sisters terrified voice.
I look down at the mangled mess in front of me. I cant see the boys face anymore. I raise my hands  they are shaking and covered in blood. I hear the sound of children sobbing. Others are watching nearby. No! Theyve already seen far too much violence. They didnt need to see this too.
Refugees should not steal from another refugee! I yell. This is a warning, do not enter my tent! If we are going to live here, I will protect my family at all costs.
The boy is still awake. I reach down and help him up. He lowers his head and wobbles as he stands, then slowly walks off.
Waliyah smiles at me as she wipes her tears away. She looks at me differently now like shes proud and scared at the same time.

******

How long have you been here? I ask the boy.
They transferred me here a few days ago after they bombed the hospital. Im Ali.
Ali looks older than I am, and he's very good-looking. Seems really nice, too. He was probably one of the popular kids at school. I bet everyone liked him, and he had the pick of any girl. Lucky sod!
Hi, Im Haytham. Were you one of the freedom fighters? He looks the right age to be fighting for the rebels. But for some reason he doesnt look like a fighter, even with his wounds.
No, I was attacked at school. Bloody soldiers came in and killed everyone. One of them shot me in the back. They thought I was dead, and so did I. And then the UN rescued me.
Chapter 37
Training Day.

JADA


Zak is a natural with the gun. He just needs practice.
Past the fields, there is a forest and a small, stone building. We can tell its been abandoned for years, long before the war. Ivy is growing on the inside and outside of the building. There is a small well, which still works. It has crystal-clean drinking water. Im glad, because by the time were finished, we are very thirsty. Every morning, the air raids begin. Today we're using them as cover for firing our guns.
I try to remember everything my father taught me about holding the gun  how to stand, breathe, etcetera. Its nice to pass these skills on to Zak. I think my father will like him more than he would Mansur.
We have to go now, before they have the chance to realize weve gone, Zak informs me.
But we havent been gone long. I want to stay here with you. It is my birthday, after all; I should get to do whatever I want.
I want to stay as well. He places his arm around me. Were free to come here as we please.
But I dont understand why we have to leave now. Why we cannot stay longer, I argue.
Jada, believe me when I say I want to stay with you, but we have to go. I dont trust them.
What do you mean you dont trust them?
Have you not noticed how we can never be together and theyre purposely keeping us apart?
I frown. Why would they do that?
Because we are stronger together; we may try to stand against them, he says, shrugging his shoulders.
Why would we stand against them?
I dont know. I just have a feeling there is something not right about them. Do you not get the same feeling?
Well I did notice that their hair is all cut the same, I say. Thats all that I have. That, and the fact that they all have the same weird look on their faces, except the Keeper. But I keep this to myself. Zak will think Im crazy.
So all you noticed were the boys' haircuts? Zak snaps.
Why is he so cross? I give him a scowl.
He looks away from me. Sorry, Jada. I didnt mean that. I just feel like Im going crazy here.
Maybe you are going crazy, I jokingly say back to him. All I know is that theyre going to take us to our fathers, and thats all I want in the world. And I know thats all you want. Try to understand they are helping us, and we should be grateful.
Okay, lets not talk about this anymore today. I dont want to spoil your birthday, after all. Zak plasters a fake smile on his face. Well meet up again tomorrow morning, and you can teach me some more. I hope Im just going crazy like you said.
Sounds like a good idea. I walk over to him and place my hand in his. His face lights up.
We best run, he says. We quickly gather our things and begin sprinting back to the church.
Once we get to the top of the hill, Zak fills me in on the plan. You go back through the kitchen and pass Tilly the bag. She has a hiding spot. Keep your gun hidden. Ill go around the church, pretending to check things out. Then Ill go back inside for a nap.
Okay. Got it.
Same time tomorrow? Zak asks. I nod. He leans in for one more kiss, the last of the day, and runs off before I can speak.
I am practically bursting with joy. I begin to skip back to the kitchen.
Chapter 38
New Life.

HAYTHAM


Waliyah, slow down! Shout at me when you get there, so I know youre okay!
Waliyah sprints forward into the hospital; shes been dying to see Mother and the new baby.
Our tent is so far away from everything  its a bloody nightmare! We have to go so far to get water, to pee, its ridiculous. Plus, theres not much food. Im going to be skin and bones if I dont make money fast. Well, at least Ill lose my "puppy fat," as Mother calls it. I know she is only joking, but really, who wants to be called fat?
Waliyah ran all the way here. I tried to run too, but got out of breath quickly. Come on, Haytham, she kept shouting to me. As soon as Id get to her, shed run off again! She is really doing me in this morning; I get that shes excited, but really, where does she get all her energy?
Im here! Waliyah shouts. I can just hear her over the other noises in the hospital. Thank God, I can catch my breath now!
Okay, I yell back to her, mainly so Mother knows Im here and keeping a good eye on Waliyah.
Morning, Haytham. Is your sister winding you up again? Ali is sitting up in bed. He looks better today much better.
Shes a bloody nightmare! She was so excited to get here this morning, she had me up all night, wiggling and kicking me in her sleep. Im worn out.
Ali gives out a little laugh. Did your mother have the baby?
Yeah, last night. Another little girl. Thats all I need Im outnumbered! Im excited and happy, of course, but too embarrassed to show it. Ali is one of the cool teenagers, so I have to act that way too if were going to continue to be friends.
Looks like Im going to have to make money fast! Four mouths to feed, and the food here sucks! I say. That reminds me, I need to check with Suranga. She said she should have an answer today on whether I can use the printer.
Do you want to see a picture? I ask Ali.
Sure, he says, as he moves forward in the bed.
Youre looking better now. When are you getting out? I ask.
Thanks theyre kicking me out tomorrow. I get to live in a communal tent.
I'm not promising anything, but I could ask Mother if you can stay with us. That is, if you dont mind putting up with a newborn?
Ali looks pleased with the offer almost as if hes been hoping Id ask. Do you think shell mind?
I dont think so shes really nice. She is usually. I just hope she doesnt mind, with the new baby. But I think Ill be able to sell it to her -- Ill say he can help me with my business so we can get more money to feed the baby. Yes, thats it!
You want to help with my camera business? Cause I cannot feed Ali in addition to my whole family. But it surely would be nice to have another man in the house.
Yeah! Im good at talking to people; I can help get customers, Ali says. He does look like everyone would talk to him. He has a friendly face. Lets have a look at your photo of the new baby.
This is Jada, I say, as I show him an image on the camera. Mother named her after a girl that helped get her to the hospital. If it was a boy, he was going to be called Zak -- a boy who also helped. To be honest, Zak is the reason were still alive. But I helped, too I cant have Ali thinking Im soft, and its not a lie.
I miss Jada; I thought theyd be here by now. I wonder whats taking them so long.
I bet shes falling in love with Zak. There's no chance for me when hes around!
Zak? My brother is named Zak, Ali says.
My eyebrows drop down together as I take a deeper look at Ali he looks just like an older version of Zak!
What the hell?!
Chapter 39
Many Happy Returns.

JADA


Tilly is smiling, and giddy with excitement, as I enter the kitchen. Happy birthday! she yells, as she runs over to give me a hug.
Im still on a high from my morning date. Was that my first date, on my birthday? I lift Tilly up to hug her back. Did you like the food? Was it romantic? Did he kiss you? She laughs.
Im being interrogated by a child, what is going on? I can feel my cheeks turn pink, aware that everyone in the kitchen is watching me, waiting for an answer.
I just nod with a silly grin on my red face.
Thats disgusting. You kissed a boy! You kissed my brother! Tilly yells out. Shes having fun. My cheeks feel as if they are going to explode.
Tilly, stop teasing Jada. Its her birthday, after all! one of the older girls says.
Shes around my age, a quiet girl who doesnt speak much, but sometimes I can hear her talking to herself, as if shes having an argument.
She stops when she realizes people are watching her. I spotted her once and told her not to be embarrassed, we all talk to ourselves, but we both knew this was different. The poor girl is going crazy.
There are a few children here who are crazy... the war has affected them mentally. You can see how they walk around, as if theyre in a daydream, quietly whispering to themselves and avoiding contact with anyone else. I often wonder what theyve been through, what theyve witnessed, to turn them this way. I try not to think about it. The horrible thoughts that run through my head disgust me.
At night, its harder to tell which children are crazy, because we all seem to have nightmares. There are children who scream out at night for their mothers or fathers. Other children scream out in what sounds like a made-up language, while others just cry.
Tilly has horrible nightmares. I always hug her when they start, and she quickly calms down. I dont think she remembers her dreams in the morning, which is a good thing. Shes always happy. I find it hard to sleep; the nightmares are just too clear, too real.
Ive learned to stick tissues in my ears to block out some of the sounds. But I dont want to block everything out, in case the soldiers come.
Father taught me that, even in my sleep, I have to be ready for anything, at any time. I thank my father every night when I pray. If it wasnt for him, Id be dead by now. I also pray to God that he is safe, and that well be reunited soon.
Happy Birthday!
One after another, the children in the kitchen chant to me. Its nice to see everyone happy. It makes me feel special and reminds me of when I had birthday parties at home.
Thank you, I reply, a little embarrassed. Im not very good at being the center of attention.
The rest of the day passes quietly. Some people wish me a happy birthday as I pass by them. Zak is off sleeping somewhere. I cant stop thinking about our amazing date, and am counting the minutes until we can meet up again.
I already miss kissing him. He is the only thing that helps me forget, even for a moment, the nightmare were all living.

*****

The next morning, Zak gently shakes me awake. Come on, sleepyhead, rise and shine. He only needs to tell me once, and Im up and ready to go. I grab my gun. Zak is still kneeling next to me, smiling at how quickly and quietly I am moving.
He stands and reaches his hand out to mine. I instantly take it. Happy to be back together, we follow the same route from yesterday. We head to the kitchen and grab a bag of supplies, and I add in a few extra things.
Zak lets go of my hand to check for the look-out. When he returns he takes it again and leads me outside. Dani nods at Zak and waves at me. I nod back. Last night I realized I need to take all of this much more seriously. We are at war. I could lose my life if I go back to being innocent Jada.
Instead of watching the sun rise, we move straight down to the woods to practice. I wonder when hes going to kiss me next. I need to focus, but it keeps running through my mind. I wonder if he is thinking she same.
I guess he is, because as soon as I place the bag down and stand next to him to practice shooting, he takes my hand before I can reach for the gun. Pulling me in towards him, he kisses me firmly on the lips. This time its different, more intense, more passionate, as if hes been waiting a lifetime to kiss me again.
He moves his other arm around my waist, placing it on my hip so Im even closer to him. I feel like we are one. Time has frozen in a moment of joy I want to keep forever; I'm unwilling to let go.
Slowly, he peels his lips away, opening his eyes to gaze into mine. His hand reaches up and brushes my hair from my eyes. Ive been waiting all night for that kiss. I missed you.
I missed you, too, I reply, a little bit embarrassed. Ive never spoken to anyone like this before, but it just feels right. I try to re-focus, but when I look at him its hard! So, I guess we dont have much time to practice, I quickly add.
What, you think I need more practice? Is my kissing not up to your standards? Zak laughs, and I jab him in the ribs. Ouch, okay okay just joking. Lets practice.
I brought some tins for targets.
Cool, he replies.
The air raids havent started yet, so we decide to have breakfast. Outside the little house, Zak lays out a blanket, and we sit next to each other.
Zak, when we were in the restaurant, you were about to tell me something. Mansur interrupted you. What were you going to say? Ive been waiting for the right time to ask him this question. For some reason, it seems important.
Zak takes in a deep breath.
There is something about Mansur its as if I know him already. He looks like someone I know, someone I have met. Ive heard his voice before, before the day we met him but it was different. Does that make any sense to you?
I sit and think for a moment, taking a bite of my food.
Perhaps maybe it was someone from your school or your village?
But thats the thing; I dont think Ive ever met him before, yet I know him, Zak says, with a puzzled look on his face.
Mmm, maybe you went to school with his brother? Or you had mutual friends? I ask carefully, trying not to bring up any bad memories.
I thought the same thing. Since we met him, Ive been running it through my mind, and I cant think of anyone I went to school with, or in my village, who reminds me of him. And theres another thing Zak pauses.
What? Whats the other thing?
He takes a deep breath and looks directly at me. Did you not notice that Mansur and Junayd the Keeper look alike? Its almost like theyre brothers.
I wasnt expecting him to say that. Ive only seen the Keeper one time, and it was only for a few moments. I barely remember what he looks like. Although I do know what Mansur looks like almost too well!
Mmm, I didnt notice. Sorry, I cannot remember what he looks like.
Zak glances down, disappointed.
Im sorry, I repeat, feeling badly for not being more helpful. I was just so excited about finding my father.
Its okay. All we want is to be reunited with our fathers. Okay, I have another thing for you Have you noticed how the teenagers all look the same? They have the same haircut, remember you noticed that?
Yeah and they have the same expression on their faces, like glazed-over zombies. I thought it was a bit strange, but I figured it was because of all the horrible things theyve seen. You know, like the looks on some of the little kids faces, I reply.
Sometimes Zak gets the same expression I know I show when I have my flashbacks. But we usually shake ourselves out of it quickly, unlike the watchers and some of the younger children.
Exactly! Is that not odd to you? Why do they all look the same?
I dont know I agree its a bit odd, but theyre not harming anyone. Theyre just children, like us. Im sorry; I dont understand why you let this worry you. I hope he doesnt get cross with my reply.
Zak hesitates again, as if unsure whether to continue.
But its like theres something else going on, something we dont know about, he says, quieter. This worries me. And what are they hiding from us?
I choose my words carefully.
Maybe theyre just busy planning the attack. Once we get our fathers back, theyll know what to do.
Jada, what if our fathers arent there? They may have been taken somewhere else. And then what?
Hes right. How stupid of me. I never thought that they may not actually be there. My whole world is crumbling again around me.
Silently, we sit on the blanket. Zak is eating, but Im no longer hungry. I feel sick at the thought of Father not being there. I have to be strong. My father and mother taught me to be.
If he is not there, Im going to the airport, I say, breaking the silence.
Why do you want to go there? Why not tent town?
Because my mother left me a key, and it has the airports address on it.
What does the key open?
I dont know, but I guess No, I know its important. Would you come with me? Please, I add silently.
Zak takes my hand.
Jada, I would go to the ends of the earth with you, but I am not alone. I have Tilly. I have to look after her and get her to tent town, get her to safety. Its killing me, knowing that shes here and in danger every day. Im sorry, Jada, but could you wait?
What can we do?
We can take her to tent town first. I can leave her with Sahar. Shell look after her, and then we can get to the airport and find out what the key opens. He smiles and so do I.
Great idea. So we go with the Keeper and his group, and pray that our fathers are there. If theyre not, we leave before we turn into zombies, take Tilly to Sahar, and find out what the key opens.
Zak nods. Sounds like a plan to me. Why do you think theyre taking so long to rescue our fathers?
I shrug. I guess its because theyre waiting for the soldiers to leave. The plan wont work if there are too many
of them there. There are only a few of us. Do you know if the watchers and the new children can use a gun?
Yes, there are a few. And the zombies can. You can tell by the way they carry the guns. They said that the other boys and I will get weapons for the attack, but theyre still searching for them, which to me sounds weird. They havent even asked us if we can fire a gun. How can we be any good if weve never used one? Some of the other children are worried as well.
He is right -- that does sound a little bit strange. Why would they go attack a prison without knowing if we actually knew how to fight and defend ourselves? Maybe theyre just assuming everyone can since they made it this far. They must have some skills. That does make sense, in my head at least.
Suddenly the air attack begins, breaking our conversation. Come on, Zak, lets go train. We dont have much time.
As I teach Zak, I start to think maybe hes just being paranoid. All the boys want to do is rescue their fathers. Okay, so they act a bit strange, but I would too, if I knew soon Id be breaking into a guarded prison with a bunch of children.
We should just be grateful theyre going to try to get them out, and that all this time theyve been keeping us safe.
Every few hours, new children arrive at the church; they are welcomed just like we were, and given jobs and a safe place to sleep. For a lot of us, this is the first time weve slept safely since our parents were taken. Zak has it wrong; hes making me angry, all theyre trying to do is help us.
The air raids go quickly; this round is over faster than yesterday's. Zak and I look at each other. Do you think they are moving away? I ask. Theyve been attacking these areas for a long time. There cant be much left.
Zak nods. This means the rescue will take place any time now!
I think youre right that it will happen soon. Dont hate me, but I think you might be getting a bit paranoid about the older boys. Maybe they just assume that if we've made it this far, we know how to protect ourselves. And they may just be acting like zombies because theyve seen too much. I think theyre going to help us.
He hands me the gun and twists his face into an angry scowl. Im not paranoid! How dare you!
Theres no need to yell at me!
Are you one of them?
What the hell are you talking about?
Ive seen the way Mansur looks at you!
I shake my head and narrow my eyes. You made up all this rubbish because youre jealous?
No, Im not jealous. And its not rubbish, you stupid kid! Zak barks at me.
I stare at him with my jaw open. How dare he call me a stupid kid!
Im done with this! he yells and sprints off, leaving me alone in the woods.
You jerk! Go on, run off, you fucking baby! I shout at his retreating form. Ive never been this angry before. I want to explode!
Ill be fine on my own, I mutter to myself a few moments later, kicking at the dirt.
No, I wont.
Tears begin to roll down my face. How can I go from being so happy to feeling like this? I cant believe he said those things and left me like that.
I wipe the tears away from my cheeks. I cannot cry over a stupid boy!
Chapter 40
Tent Town.

HAYTHAM


When we got to the border, the younger children were terrified. For days, wed been running from soldiers, and today we were driving straight toward them, I tell Laura. But she doesnt need to know I was scared too!
What happened next, Haytham? she asks.
The soldiers directed our truck inside the camp. I could just see the wire fence with guards lined up against it, I inform her.
Then what happened?
We had to get out of the truck.
How did you feel?
Great, is she trying to make me cry?
I felt relieved and sad, I say with a deep breath. I got my family to safety, but I had to leave people behind, the people who helped save us.
I hold my camera firmly, staring down at it.
Haytham, do you have a photo of the people who helped you?
I nod. Yes. I have several. I turn my camera on and hold it so I can see the images, skipping through a few photos of the war to the good ones.
This is my new baby sister, Jada. My mother named her after the girl who saved us.
How old are they, the kids who helped save you?
Jada was fourteen. She turned fifteen this week. Zak is sixteen. They were the oldest children in the gang.
Do you have any more photos of Jada and Zak? Laura asks.
I scroll through the photos for another moment, then pause and feel a smile cross my face.
This is Jada the day she arrived. She was only with us for one night. Shed been through a lot, just like the rest of us. I pass the camera to Laura.
How do I zoom in closer? she asks me, and I lean over and show her.
Laura takes a picture from her pocket, and starts glancing back and forth between the camera and the photo.
Whats she staring at? I step forward for a better view and gasp.
Why do you have a photo of Jada? I ask.
People are looking for her, Laura replies with an astonished expression on her face. She hands me back the camera. Haytham, where were they heading?
Here.
How far away were they?
I thought about two days' walk, but its been longer. Maybe they went the wrong way, or My voice fades, as I cant say the fears that fill my mind.
Haytham, try not to worry. We will find them.
Chapter 41
Reunited with Our Fathers.

JADA


I walk into the church in a daze, still angry and upset and confused. Why are guys such jerks?
OUCH! a young boy runs into me and falls back onto his bottom. He looks at me in surprise, then jumps up and carries on as if nothing happened. I glance around the room and notice that everyone is hurrying around, excited. Theyre all heading in the same direction  to the far corner of the church.
Whats going on?
Hurrying over to the spot where my backpack is hidden, I quickly grab it and follow the direction of the crowd. I catch myself automatically scanning around for Zak, and then I scold myself. Im not talking to him, and I dont need him! I dont care where he is!
Instead, I start looking around, hoping to find Mansur or someone from 3F.
Jada, were over here, I hear Tilly calling. I see her off to the side holding hands with Zak, and she waves.
I have no choice but to go over there. Zak just looks at me and shrugs his shoulder.
Whatever
Hi, Tilly, whats going on? I focus on her and try to ignore Zak, but he nudges his head toward the front of the crowd.
I turn around for a better look and see the watchers standing at the front; it looks like they are getting everyone ready for the Keeper to come out.
I look back at Zak with wide eyes, and he smiles at me. We know what this means its time to rescue our fathers!
My shoulders relax, and as much as I hate to admit it, it makes me happy that Zak smiled at me. I really dont want to fight with him, and at least I wont be on my own now.
The Keepers office door opens, and the room falls silent. He walks out with the watchers on either side of him, almost like theyre his bodyguards. He shows no emotion on his face as he moves to the front of the crowd.
Today we will be reunited with our fathers! the Keeper announces with power and passion. Crazy cheers bellow around the church, echoing off the walls. Today is our day to stand together! Who is with me?
Cheers of I am, I am, fill the room. One after another, the children yell out. The energy is contagious, and soon I join in the chant.
Im in! I yell. Tilly looks up at me and smiles. Zak looks across at me. He is not chanting. His mouth is open in what appears to be shock from the scene around him. The Keeper waves his hands downwards to indicate silence.
The smaller children will stay here with the watchers looking over them to keep them safe. A war zone is no place for the young ones, he explains, and the watchers nod.
Zak will not like that. He hates leaving Tilly with them.
As for everyone else, the watchers at the prison have informed me that there are very few guards left. Everyone has gone north. These two here will pretend that they have captured me and get the guards to open the prison doors. Once in, well begin the attack from the inside, and then you will all follow. We have weapons for everyone. We have them hidden on the route to the prison.
The room is silent -- the Keeper is a powerful speaker. Gather what you need, he continues. We will be traveling to Mezzeh Prison at ten oclock.
With that, he turns and leaves the room. His final words elicit cheers of excitement from the younger children, happy they will be reunited with their fathers shortly. The enthusiasm is contagious, and I feel a smile appearing on my face.
I look over at Zak and Tilly. They are in the midst of a heated conversation.
Will you tell him? He wont listen to me. Ill be fine here with the watchers, Tilly says to me.
Whats wrong? I ask her.
He says hes not going. He doesnt want to leave me on my own! She scowls. Im not going to be on my own, she says, flinging her arms around to indicate the number of people around us.
Zak, shes right. Theyll watch over her. Shell be fine. Well be back before dark, and we need your help.
He just stubbornly shakes his head.
Zak, you have to go. Lets just say if theres a problem, which there will not be, Tilly can go hide out in the little stone house in the woods. No one will find her there. Only we know about that area. She can stay there until we get back... it will be a safe house for her.
I dont want to go on my own, and I want Zak to be with me.
Jada, that sounds like a good plan. I can hide in that house if there are any problems, which there wont be. Zak, dont worry about me. Please, can you just go and rescue my father for me?! Tilly demands. They are both as willful as the other.
You two are not going to stop, are you? Zak yells out, dropping his arms to his sides.
Okay, I give up. I will go, but on the condition that if there are any problems, and I mean any, youll make a run for the stone house. You dont come looking for me, and you dont leave the stone house for anyone, do you understand?
Tilly smiles.
I understand, Zak. Really, dont worry about me. Just get Father back. She reaches over to give her big brother a hug. He leans down and kisses her on her head. Tilly looks up and smiles; she then grabs me and pulls me into their embrace.
We stand together, hugging, as everyone else in the room runs around. Its crazy in here.
Zak passes Tilly his bag. Keep hold of this for me. Keep it safe. I love you, little sis. Stay out of trouble, and if there is trouble, run and hide!
Will do. I love you too. Now go get my father! Tilly orders. She is stronger than both her brother and me sometimes.
I arrange my hat, making sure all my hair is hidden away so I look like a boy. Ill bring my bag with me; its the only thing I have left. I empty out some clothes to make it lighter.
Liquorice will stay with Tilly. Theyve been hard to separate and are always playing together; except at night, when he curls up in a ball right next to me, and I wrap my arms around him. He will watch over her.
Jada, make sure Zak doesnt get into any trouble! Tilly demands. She is quite bossy at times.
Okay, Tilly. Ill make sure he stays out of trouble. We both will.
Zak and I head to the door with the older children. We both turn around to see Tilly standing next to Liquorice, waving us off as if were on our way to school. The crowd of children at the door pushes us through. They are excited; weve all been waiting for this attack. I cannot believe the day is finally here. I miss my father a lot.
Outside the church, the Keeper stands with the watchers next to him. The watchers all have guns already, and some of these boys Ive never seen. Maybe there were some who were away watching the prison that makes sense.
Today is the day you will become men! Follow me! the Keeper shouts.
And women! I hate it when were not classed as equals! My gun is firmly placed in the back waistband of my pants, and I am ready for anything.
The Keeper and his watchers begin marching in front. We head north, he yells out, not turning back to us. His deep voice echoes off the empty buildings. Excitement fills my body. Father trained me for this I am ready! Time to take my revenge!
I turn back for a second to look at the church. Tilly and Liquorice are standing at the door with the other children, and the watchers are ushering them back inside. Thats good  keep them out of sight.
Luckily Zak didnt see her, or he wouldve gone back to tell her off. Whatre you looking at? he asks me. I shake my head.
Nothing. So are you talking to me now? I say in a sarcastic voice. Hes lucky Im talking to him!
Not much choice. Zombies are no fun to talk to, Zak replies, shrugging his shoulders. Is that some type of back-handed compliment? Hes lucky that I dont want another argument with him.
How far do you think it is? Its weird walking during the day. I guess all the soldiers have moved on, I say, as I look around uneasily. I was much happier traveling in the night time, hiding in the shadows.
This whole thing is weird, but Im not getting into that now. Zak says.
Great, hes in a bad mood again. This is going to be fun.
Have you got your gun? he asks me a few minutes later.
Yes, in the back of my pants.
Good. I wonder when Ill get mine.
I am wondering that, as well.
They said they have them hidden, so I guess itll be soon.
Zak moves closer to me. I know he wants to hold my hand. I want to reach out for his, but its not the right time, since were on our way to battle. We have to stay focused, but its hard to concentrate when hes next to me. I look down at his hand.
Nice cap. You look like a cute boy! Zak laughs.
I jab him in the side, finally getting a bit of revenge for our argument.
Ouch, he yells out.
Everyone stops marching and turns to us. The Keeper shakes his head, looking at us almost in disgust; I shift my gaze down to the ground, embarrassed over my actions. Here we are off to war, and Im messing about.
I look over at Zak, and his cheeks are getting red. Oh no, hes angry at me. Ive done it again!
Sorry, I whisper to him. He looks at me, confused.
Why are you sorry? Im not cross with you. Its him... its them. I cannot stand them. The quicker we are out of here, the better!
Oh well, Im just glad hes not mad at me.
Zak and I stay toward the back of the group, and suddenly Mansur jogs over to us. Great.
Hey there. Long time since Ive seen you, Mansur says, placing his arm around my shoulders.
I guess Zak is going to get even more cross, now that Mansur has his arm around me. I look over at Zak; he just rolls his eyes and shrugs.
Hi, Mansur. How long will it be until we get there? Zak asks with a big smile.
Its less than an hour away. Well be there in no time, Mansur replies.
Great. Will we get the weapons before then? Zak asks. I know he feels vulnerable without a gun. I would if I didnt have mine.
Mansur, how did you get a gun? I ask, as I notice a handgun in a holster on his hip.
This old thing? The Keeper gave it to me earlier. I was one of the first waiting outside, and they had a few to give out. You two mustve missed his handing them out.
Zak shakes his head in silence. I guess this is going to be a quiet walk.
Chapter 42
They Have Returned.

TILLY


Watching my brave brother walk away to rescue our father, I am excited and scared for him; but I know hell be okay.  Jada will keep him safe; she promised.
I place Zaks pack on my shoulder and nearly fall backwards under its weight.
Tilly, are you okay? one of the children asks me as I tumble into him.
Sorry, Zaks bag is too heavy.
He laughs. Its bigger than you are. I bet you can fit inside it!
Hes right, I probably could. I adjust the shoulder straps and attach the center clip across my chest. Thats better. I look like Im hiking. I bet I look silly! I start petting Liquorice -- that always makes me feel better. He wags his tail as I stroke his back.
Theyll be okay, I tell Liquorice, trying to reassure him and myself.
Okay, kids, inside! yells the watcher.
Oh, no, sounds like we are in trouble. Maybe hes in a bad mood because he wanted to go to the prison as well. He has an angry look on his face and a gun in his hand. My heart starts racing, and I feel nervous.
I wish I hadnt told Zak and Jada to go. Something inside me is telling me to run. My stomach feels hollow, and my mouth becomes dry. I hurry inside the church with the other children. I think we all have the same feeling. Looking around from one face to the next, we realize were alone... away from the leaders of our little gang, the people who helped us get here, the people who kept us safe.
Once inside the church, I can see a line of watchers standing in the far corner where, just a few moments ago, the leader spoke. Each of them is holding a gun. Why are there so many watchers inside? They are looking at us like we are the enemy. I have a bad feeling about this
I hide in the crowd of children as we move around the room. I have to get out of here. I follow the crowd over to the kitchen. I need to go to my safe house. I wish I hadnt told my brother to go; I am alone now.
I make it to the kitchen with Liquorice. Everyone else is in the main section of the church. I put Zaks backpack on the ground, remembering that Id found a map when we were in the city.
I lay it on the ground and study it, trying to get my bearings and a sense of exactly where we are and where I need to go.
Heres the city. We walked up this way. This is the church, just past the outskirts of town, but before the next one. When they left, they headed north. So the Mezzeh Prison should be around here.
Looking over the map, I cannot find it. Theres only the train station there, then after that, nothing just wasteland. Am I reading it right? It looks like theyre going the wrong way.
I must be reading it wrong. The sounds of the church doors open, breaking my concentration. I hear deep voices adults.
No!
Blood-curdling screams echo around the room. Gun shots and booms bounce off the walls. I squeeze my hands over my ears this cannot be happening! Everyone who could protect us has gone. Slowly I will my fingers to move off my ears; the gun shots have been replaced with silence.
Im frozen to the cold kitchen floor. Liquorice stands on all fours, ready to leave. He nudges me in the shoulder, trying to wake me from my paralyzed state. Quickly snapping out of it, I move closer to the kitchen door to hear what is happening. I can just make out their voices.
Good work, watchers. I see the captains plan is underway, one of the adult voices says. I hear heavy footsteps moving around the room too heavy to be the children.
At ease, soldiers, the adults voice bellows out.
Oh no, they're soldiers. Theyre here, and theyre working with the watchers. But why?
What are we going to do with these? a younger voice speaks up.
Theyll come work for us. I hear Keeper has had them in training for us, ha, ha, ha. The soldier laughs. All this time they were training us so we could work for the soldiers!
And when theyre older, they will become watchers, too, or we will kill them.
I hear a deep breath of shock fill the church; the children must also be listening, silent in their fear. They came so close to freedom.
They are going to kill everyone. I have to find Zak and Jada and warn them. I know he said I need to go to the safe house, but I cannot let them walk into a trap.
Liquorice and I leave quietly through the kitchen, holding the back door to prevent it from slamming shut. I cannot risk going around the front; the men might see me.
I run through the cemetery. I have to move faster. I need to catch up to them before they get to the train station. That must be where the Keeper is leading them. What is waiting for them there? Oh no, they have sent more soldiers, but why? We are the last children here; why do they care about us? They have everyone else, so why not just leave us alone?
The group cannot be that far in front of me. There is a stone building, and I hide behind it. Perfect, I can see up and down the street. The church is set back a little they wont be able to see me when I run. There are soldiers standing everywhere. I was right not to go around to the front.
I squeeze my eyes together and look in the direction my brother headed. I can see them barely. Theyre on the horizon, almost out of sight. I have to be fast, or Ill lose them.
I set off running, with Liquorice next to me. I try to keep a steady pace, but my legs are short, so the distance seems great. I can go for a long time before I run out of breath, though. Tears roll down my face from fear and anger. I can make it to them -- I have to. I wish Zak was here with me now.
Chapter 43
Refugee Camp.

GERARD


Faith, you made it. Howre you feeling? Laura asks, as we enter the tent. Faiths arm is in a plaster cast from the bombing.
Hi, Laura, Faith says with a smile. A lot better, thanks to you. Grard told me you found Jada. Where is she? Is she here? Is she safe?
The last time Laura saw her, Faith was in tears, struggling with the guilt of telling Jada to run from the soldiers in the hospital, not realizing that it was UN soldiers who were there to help. Poor Jada has been on the run since that day, and Faith has felt terribly about it.
I just hope Laura has some useful information. I have to find Jada for my own reasons. I cannot help but think she is my daughter.
Shes not here, but a young boy named Haytham showed me photos of her. They were together. She helped rescue his family. Jadas a hero!
She sounds like my daughter! I can see Faith relax a little as Laura speaks.
I put my arm around Faiths shoulders, but I'm not sure whether its to reassure her or myself. Faith looks up affectionately. Glad it worked for someone.
Haytham told me they shouldve been here already, Laura says. Ive been able to round up some UN soldiers to help us look for her. They owe me a few favors. We have a truck waiting for us.
Jesus, shes good! I cannot believe this. I turn to Faith. I dont want you to come. You havent recovered; you should still be in a hospital now.
Ill see you outside, Laura says. We have to go in a minute. She smiles and heads out of the tent.
Grard, shes out there on her own because of me, Faith exclaims. I have to find her. What if shes injured? Its my fault. She asked me to protect her, and what did I do? I sent her out there to die!
I can go get her. You stay here. I dont want you out there in the war zone. I cannot bear the thought of losing you; Ive lost too many I care for. Jesus, that sounds soft!
Faith marches out of the tent, turning as she gets to the entrance.
Are you coming?
Of course Im coming. What a stupid fucking question!
Chapter 44
Lambs to the Slaughter.

JADA


Im not sure how long weve been walking. It seems like forever. Mansur has not stopped talking.
Looking back at the church to try to figure out how far we have come, I see something moving in the distance. Its coming closer. It looks like someone running in our direction, heading right for us.
I stop; Zak and Mansur continue walking, with Mansur still talking. They dont notice that Im no longer there. I squint my eyes, placing my hand on the brim of my cap to block out the sun. It cannot be. Is the heat getting to me? It looks like Tilly and Liquorice. Theyre running toward us.
Theyre getting closer and closer, and Tilly is waving frantically. Surprised, I wave back to her. She moves both her arms in the air wildly. I turn to Zak.
Zak, Zak, your sister has followed us! The whole group stops.
Stupid kid! Mansur says.
What did he say?! I look over at him. Did I hear right? The expression on his face has completely changed. He looks like a different person now.
Oh no. Zak was right he looks just like the Keeper. I see it now.
We were nearly there! Mansur snaps. I can see the anger filling his eyes. He looks like hes about to explode. Oh, my God, Ive never seen anyone look this scary.
I glance over at Zak, and his eyes are bulging, his pupils dilated. His shoulders are up and his chest is out, making him appear bigger. Hes looking around the group.
All the watchers surround us. They do look the same, except now the zombie expression is gone from their faces and has been replaced by one of hatred and disgust. The inner group is acting like scared cattle that have been rounded up for slaughter.
The Keeper stands at the front of the group with his gun across his body, both hands on it, ready to fire. He has the same look as Mansur. They are brothers I am sure of it!
Tilly is getting closer. What is she shouting?
Its a trap! Its a trap! she repeats, again and again. Its a trap! She runs towards us with Liquorice, waving her hands in the air, and then the expression on her face changes. She is not looking at Zak and me anymore.
She stops abruptly, her face filled with horror, as if shes looking at the devil himself.
I turn to the direction Tilly is facing, and I see Mansur standing there with his gun drawn, his eyes soulless.
The bottom corners of his mouth turn upward in an evil grin, and he places his finger on the trigger and squeezes it. Everything moves in slow motion except the bullet. Tilly collapses to the ground before the sound of the gun explodes around the streets, bouncing from one building to the next.
Zak is frozen with shock.
NO!
I know what is going to happen next, before Mansur even knows. Its as if Im reading his mind. Swiftly I remove my gun from my waist belt. Leaning over to Zak, I reach my arm outwards and push him back. Zak turns to look at me; the movement has broken his frozen state.
Mansur can see what is unfolding. I reacted faster than he did, and he wasnt expecting me to have a gun. I look him directly in the eyes. For a split second, I see fear in him, and I dont think twice. I pull the trigger.
He moves sideways, out of the direct line of fire, but I get him. I hit him in the shoulder. Blood sprays everywhere. Mansur drops his gun on the ground, yelling out in pain. Zak sweeps the gun up in one fast motion.
I grab the back of Zaks shirt and pull him toward me before he can raise the gun to kill Mansur.
His time will come, but now we have to run. Our very own World War III is unfolding. The Keeper and the watchers are stunned as well Everything is happening so fast, theyre still processing it.
Run! I yell to Zak, as I drag him away from the screaming Mansur. We both sprint for cover, preparing ourselves for the shower of the bullets about to be released upon us.
We get to a building and dive though the open doorway, just as a hail of bullets rains down upon us. We quickly slide up against a brick wall, and I hold my breath as I look up and down my body. There are no bullet wounds; Ive not been shot. Neither has Zak. Its a bloody miracle.
Tell me its not real tell me he didnt just kill her, Zak moans.
The firing continues outside. Based upon the sounds, I think they are still in the same position in which we left them. They havent moved yet. We need a plan.
Zak, they killed her because she was warning us. We have to kill them  kill them all. I need to get him angry, get him fired up. He is of no use to me in his current state of mind. I need him to snap out of it quickly!
Zak moves his position, points his gun out the window, and begins firing round after round, aiming for Mansur.
Mansur dives out of the way, into the building behind him. Zak is firing in anger, but hes not hitting anyone  he's wasting bullets.
Kneeling next to Zak, I begin firing, hitting one watcher after another. They fall to the ground and die. I do not want them to get back up. The remaining watchers realize that Im firing to kill. They dont know its me killing them. They cannot see which one of us is shooting.
They begin to retreat into the building where Mansur is hiding. The poor children are trapped in the middle, defenseless, and with bullets flying over their heads. They never got their weapons. Of course not. The Keeper bloody lied to us. Zak was right!
There is no one left to fire upon because theyre all hiding. Zak is out of bullets, and he throws his gun to the ground. Slumping down, he leans against the wall and fumes. I have extra ammo in my backpack. I begin to add the bullets into his gun.
Its pointless, I cannot use it. I cant even kill the man that killed my sister! Zak says, defeated.
In the silence of the battle, like the eye of the storm, I place my arm around him. Its my fault Tilly is dead. I told him he was being paranoid and that Tilly would be fine that the watchers would look after her.
Im so sorry, Zak, I whisper into his ear.
My heart breaks as I say those words; it makes it all too real.
Its not your fault. You didnt fire the gun, he says.
I know I didnt, but I may as well have.
Come here, Liquorice. Come here. Good boy, Mansur calls out.
No!
Mansur, leave us alone! Why are you doing this to us? I scream.
Because I can! You shot me, you little bitch. Now I will kill your dog and then you!
I slide out from the cover of the building. Liquorice, come here, come here! I yell desperately. Suddenly theres a loud POP, and it feels like a hot drill is stabbing a hole in my leg and twisting it. A terrible burning sensation follows and shoots up my thigh.
My leg collapses, and I am on the ground, unable to move from the shock of the bullet ripping through me. Im not in pain yet; its a weird delay.
But its coming. My body is preparing itself for the inevitable agony. A pool of crimson begins to form under my leg, pouring from the back of my thigh. Im unable to breathe, and my lungs feel like they are being crushed.
No! I let out a piercing cry as the excruciating pain hits me and fills my body. I cannot stop screaming.
The pain, the pain is unbearable. Help me, Zak, I gasp. Help me!
Zak stops firing and leaps to my side. I got him, he says, breathless. I shot Mansur. He quickly takes his belt off as he speaks. We need to stop the bleeding. Do you have any bandages in your backpack?
Ive been shot! I scream out.
We dont have much time. Theyll come for us; they know youre injured, Zak says calmly. He is becoming the leader again. Hes right theyll be coming for us. Soon. We dont have much time, so we need to move. I try to focus on his question, but my brain cannot think straight. The pain is scrambling my thoughts.
Yes, there are some in my backpack, I say, breathlessly.
Zak cinches the belt around my thigh and tightens it. Ouch! I let out a scream. He passes me a bandage.
Hold this down. You need to add pressure to stop the bleeding.
It hurts so badly, I dont want to touch it! But I have no choice if I want to live. I push it down on my leg, screaming. The pain is indescribable.
Jada, you are strong, you can do it. Im not losing you as well, Zak says. I look up at him.
Hes wiping my blood off his hands onto his pants.
Zak, I need you. Ive never needed someone as much as I do him right now.
He kneels down, placing his arms around me, and gives me a passionate kiss. Oh, how I have longed for his kiss. I had to get shot for him to kiss me again!
We both open our eyes at the same time. Something is happening outside. I hear the sound of a truck suddenly brake, and then the sounds of heavy feet marching.
Soldiers are here.
Chapter 45
Reunited With Their Fathers.

ZAK


Jada is propped up against the wall, holding her bandage down on the gunshot wound. I dont know how long she has left. She is bleeding a lot; shes going to die here. The hospital is miles away, and there is no way I can get her there.
I carefully peek around the corner and look toward Mansur. There is a man kneeling over him wearing a red beret, the same red beret as Captain Reef, the man who killed my brother and took my father.
No! Why is he here? Why is he kneeling over Mansur? He killed all the teenagers; he doesnt care about children!
Get him to the hospital hes still alive, Captain Reef says.
Damn, I didnt kill him! Soldiers run over to Mansur. Fuck, Heen is with them. Swiftly, they lift up Mansurs body and run with him to the truck. I look down at Jada. She needs to get to the hospital as well; blood is seeping out of her leg.
Theres no way they are going to help her, though. The truck speeds off with Mansur and Heen in it. I can see the Keeper standing next to the Captain.
The Keeper points over toward the building we are in. I duck down out of sight, but its pointless. They know where we are. How are we going to get out of this? Its clear the Keeper and the watchers are working with Captain Reef and the soldiers. I cannot believe we walked into a fucking trap; they fucking tricked us. What the hell do they want with a bunch of children anyway?
I slump down next to Jada. Shes shaking, so I take off my jacket and place it over her, holding her close to me to keep her warm. I think shes going into shock.
Zak, how are we going to get out of this alive? she asks me.
There is no way I can answer her. I just dont know.
Jada, well go down fighting. Well get out of this. Thats all I've got. My big plan. I have failed her... I have failed everyone I love.
Zak, can you hand me my backpack? She sounds so weak; I pass it to her quickly, and she takes it. Im sorry, I shouldve believed you. Its all my fault. Her eyes fill up with tears.
Jada, its not your fault. I love you. Oh, my God, I cannot believe I said that. I told Jada I love her.
She looks up at me. Jesus, I hope she feels the same. God, I feel like a girl! Ali would die!
I love you too, she tells me.
Thank God! My heart fills with joy and guilt; I couldnt protect her. I lean forward and kiss her. Shes so cold; I can feel my own eyes welling up, but I have to hold it together.
There is movement outside, but it doesnt sound like theyre getting closer to us. I pray they are moving away. I have to see what is happening. I have no choice.
Sneaking a peek through a window, I can see the horror unfolding. Oh God, no! The innocent children are lined up, kneeling on the ground toward us. They look terrified, and they are waiting to be executed. It is the same scene I saw at my school. He is going to kill them... all of them. My mouth begins to water. Fuck, Im going to throw up!
Whats happening? Jada whispers. She's using a lot of her strength to speak to me. She is nearly breathless.
Nothing, dont worry, I lie to her.
Zak, you have a choice. Come out freely, or we will come and get you. Its up to you, Captain Reef yells to me.
What fucking choice is that?! Surrender to him, or let him come here and murder us?
Im bleeding to death. I will do whatever you want, Jada says. Shes placing her trust in me; what shall I do?
Come out now, and I will get Jada to a hospital. If you make me wait, every minute you waste, one of your friends will die, and so will both of you! the captain yells.
What the hell? I look out the window. He is pointing a gun at one of the boys kneeling on the ground.
Oh my God, hes going to kill him because of me.
I have to decide now! I cannot let them die. If we surrender, there may be a chance that we survive. Jada is sitting in a pool of blood; the color has drained from her face. I have no choice.
Jada, if he asks you how old you are, say seventeen, and that you will join his army. Do you understand? I rush my words out.
I understand. Jada doesnt question my decision. She knows she will die here if we stay.
Please, Lord, I hope I am making the right decision.
I stand up, holding my hands in the air. We surrender, we surrender, I yell out to the captain. He smiles at me as I make eye contact with him. I wonder if he remembers me. I hope he doesnt.
Slowly throw your weapons out of the window and walk toward me, Captain Reef instructs us.
I bend down to take Jadas gun from her hand. Her grip is frozen onto the handle; I have to peel each of her fingers off one by one.
Following his instructions, I toss the guns out of the window.
Very good. Now slowly walk to me, Captain Reef shouts. Jada raises her arm so I can lift her up. Bending down, I hoist her to a standing position, giving her a moment to recover from the dizziness.
Im sorry, Jada.
Well be okay. It almost sounds like she really believes it.
We hobble slowly toward the door; there are two soldiers waiting for us. If we hadnt surrendered, wed already be dead. The soldiers quickly pat us down.
Be careful, shes been shot, I explain, trying not to yell.
The young soldier looks at me with a smug smile on his face.
We continue slowly walking forward, each with a soldier by our sides. The innocent children are still kneeling on the ground, looking down. None of them have weapons, but, as Jada said, They mustve been able to protect themselves, since they got this far. Maybe shes right, or am I just crazy to think that?
I stand in front of Captain Reef, waiting for him to recognize me, waiting for him to speak. I can tell by the weight of Jada that she wants to crumble to the ground, but I will not let her.
My son Junayd informs me that you shot my son Mansur, Captain Reef says to Jada.
Oh fuck, we shot his son, and Junayd and Mansur are brothers! I knew it! Junayd stands next to Captain Reef, smiling.
It was I who shot your son! I protest.
He slaps me across my face with an open hand.
I am speaking to Jada! My face instantly stings and I recoil. Captain Reef inspects me closer. I know you.
This is it hes going to kill me now.
Boy, where do I know you from?
Fuck, what do I say? My throat is frozen in fear; I cannot speak, even if I knew what to say. I just look up instead. As soon as I do, I can tell he remembers.
Ha, I know you! Did you find your parents nice and chargrilled? What happened to you taking revenge? You stupid kid! With that, he slaps me across the face again, knocking me to the ground. I will deal with you later!
Captain Reef moves his attention back to Jada. Girl, did you shoot my son?! Answer me!
Her head is facing away from away from us something has caught her attention. I can see what it is.
Its Liquorice's and Tillys lifeless bodies. Mansur has killed them both. Tillys body looks so tiny; I just stare at her, willing her to get up.
Jada turns to Captain Reef and spits a mixture of phlegm and blood in his face. What the fuck is she doing? Within an instant, he pulls his gun out and shoots Jada in the shoulder. Her body is thrown backwards.
Everything moves in slow motion as Jada falls toward the ground. She pulls her leg inwards and moves her hand down to her ankle.
I can see something black on her ankle as she falls. She fires the gun before her body hits the ground. Captain Reefs gun drops, and I scramble forward to grab it as he staggers backwards, grabbing his collar bone.
She did it; she shot him in the neck!
Junayd runs over to his father, trying to catch him before he falls.
Jadas body hits the ground, and the sound of the gun follows. I raise my arm with Captain Reefs gun and fire a shot at the soldier standing next to Jada. I get him directly through the heart, killing the soulless monster.
The other soldier standing next to Jadas lifeless body raises his gun to me. We place our fingers on the trigger at the same and fire.
The bullet rips through my bone and muscle and exits out of my back, shredding my shoulder blade. But Im still standing, unlike the soldier. He is down and not getting back up. Jada taught me well.
Unaware of the situation around me, I am focused on Jada... but, luckily, the other innocent children are aware. With adrenaline running through their bodies, they have a chance to save themselves.
They react faster than the soldiers do. The children run at the soldiers like a pack of crazy wolves ready for a taste of blood.
The watchers have run off, leaving the soldiers with the crazy children. They are beating the soldiers to death. Jada was right they made it this far, and they do have special skills  killing people with their bare hands.
Jada, Jada, stay with me. I franticly shake her. Shes ice cold and her lips are turning blue. Her eyes burst open as a surprised look comes over her face.
Am I alive? she blurts out. She looks like shes in shock.
Yes, Jada, you are alive. Please stay awake; I need to get us out of here. I force myself to hold back all my emotions. I want to scream, Dont die on me, dont you dare die! You are all I have left! 
There is no pain when I close my eyes, Jada whispers.
No, stay awake! I beg. But she is dying right in front of me.
I have to get us out of here. There is a truck. I can just see Junayd lifting his father into it, and within seconds there is a cloud of dust... the truck is gone.
The pack of crazy wolves is beginning to slow down. Bloody bodies lay strewn about like they are on a slaughterhouse floor. There are a few children, but its mainly the soldiers bodies. They were not prepared for the attack. The pain in these children was finally released on the enemy, on the ones who murdered or kidnapped their families and turned their world into a living hell.
Now there are no soldiers left.
Realizing that they are all gone, I sit down next to Jada and pick her head up and rest it on my lap. A faint smile appears on her face. I stroke her hair, moving it out of her eyes.
I told you we would be okay, she whispers.
Bang!
We both jump at the sound of the loud shot. What the hell was that!? I look over and see a small boy standing in the pile of bodies.
Hes dripping in blood and holding a gun in his hand, pointing it down at a soldier on the ground.
The small boy has no emotion on his face. An older boy stands up and takes the gun from him.
He fires at the next dead soldier on the ground. One after another, the boys and girls get up and shoot a bullet into each and every dead soldiers body, all with a blank look on their faces, similar to the look the watchers had. They take turns killing the soldiers as if to end their nightmares, to confirm these soldiers will never get up or hurt them, ever again.
Then, after several moments of loud shooting, the eerie silence is back. There is no one left to kill. No bullets left in the gun. No words left to speak.
Jada is quiet, but breathing heavily. I hold her closer. Maybe we will die together.
Blood is pouring from my arm, but I feel no pain from the wound, only in my heart. I rest my head onto hers, closing my eyes, hoping our suffering will come to an end quickly.
The silence doesnt last long. Soon we hear the sound of trucks approaching. I have no fight left in me. I close my eyes and submit to my fate.
Zak, Zak, get up, get up! Dani yells.
No, Im staying here. Im not leaving her on her own, I mumble to him.
Theyll kill you!
I roll over and hold Jada tighter. Im ready to die. Now run, run fast and get to tent town. Get away from here! I say to Dani and the other children. Why are they just standing there looking at me?
Run, I tell you! Run! Now! I shout.
With that, they begin to sprint away from the fast-approaching trucks.
I close my eyes and press Jada to my body. Her breathing is slow and shallow. If we stay still, will they think were dead?
Eventually, we will be.
Chapter 46
Black Shadow.

ZAK


Grard, I cannot look. I cannot bear to see Jadas body.
Did I hear correctly? That sounded like a woman concerned about Jada. She said her name, but Jadas mother is dead. Have I died? Are we in heaven? Is my mind is playing tricks on me?
Im too afraid to open my eyes. I lie on the ground, frozen with confusion.
The sound of heavy footsteps approaches me; this is not the sound of a female. I hold my breath. I cannot give us away. Im not letting them take us!
Zak, is that you? Haytham sent us to rescue you and Jada, the voice says quietly.
Did I hear right he knows Haytham? Is this another trap?
Zak, Ali is alive. He survived the school shooting, the voice continues.
My brother is alive?
I try to open my eyes, but my eyelids are terrified. They are pulling down, fighting the light.
Finally, I manage to open them, and I all I see is a black silhouette bent over us. The sun is bright and blocking him out.
There is only his black shadow.
Chapter 47
Reborn.

JADA


This morning I wake up reborn
Shes awake, shes awake! a young girl squeals.
I know that voice  its Waliyah.
My body is in a deep sleep, but I can hear her. Her excited voice has broken my slumber.
I can feel Zaks warmth in my hand, his fingers stroking my palm softly up and down.
Hes alive we both are
See, her eyes are moving, says Waliyah.
I hear feet moving toward me. I push open my eyelids from the darkness, but this time Im not terrified. I want to see that the people I love are really still here.
My eyes flutter open. Instantly, a smile appears on my face.
Jada, Jada! Ive missed you! Zak whispers. Then he leans over and kisses me affectionately.
Finally he releases me from his lips. Dont leave me again, he says, smiling as he steps back.
Let her get some air, Haytham laughs. My cheeks immediately turn red as I notice the room is full of people. Theyre all here. Sahar is holding a baby!
Sahar congratulations! I croak out.
She smiles. Jada, please meet my new daughter, Jada. I named her after you. Sahars face is radiant with joy. It is infectious, and everyone starts smiling.
You named her after me?
Yes. You and Zak will always be part of my family. Thank you for what you did for us.
I have to wipe a tear of happiness from my eye.
Jada, this is my brother, Ali, Zak bursts in excitedly. Haytham found him! Ali places his arm around Zaks neck and grins.
Whoa..! Alive this whole time...?
So this is your girlfriend, little bro? Its nice to finally meet the girl my brother will not stop talking about, Ali says with a wink.
Zak wiggles out from his brothers arm, embarrassed. 
Its nice to meet you, Ali, I say.
Ali smiles at me.
Okay, everyone Jada needs time to rest. Actually, you all do. Time to go. Faith steps forward proudly. Shes alive!
Everyone slowly leaves the room. Zak, that includes you, Ali says, throwing his arm around his brother.
Ill be fine, I tell him. He leans in and kisses me one more time, leaving me alone with Faith and a man I dont know.
I turn to her and wince. Faith, Im sorry for standing on you.
Jada, no need to apologize. Im just glad youre alive! We all are. Im not sure if you remember Grard.... she motions to the tall man beside her, He was one of the doctors at the hospital. He helped find you.
Thank you for rescuing us, I say to them.
Youre welcome. We will always protect you, Faith says. She turns to Grard. Can you watch over Jada for a minute? I need to go get someone; I'll be right back.
With that, she leaves Grard and me alone. He stares at me in a caring way.
Jada, may I show you a picture?
Yeah sure.
He takes a photo from his pocket and slowly passes it to me. It is of my family, from our living room. I feel my eyes well up. Why is he showing me this?
Dont cry, Jada. Is that you? Are they your parents?
Yes, that is me and my family. Why?
Jada, I knew your mother and father. We were friends. Grard pushes his lips together, forming a tight smile. I cant really talk about it now I can tell you more when were alone. Faith will be back soon, and she doesnt know.
Does he know my family? Why cant he speak in front of Faith?
The door opens again and I gasp. A dog is limping next to Faith.
Oh, my God, its Liquorice!
Chapter 48
One Month Later.

JADA


Hey, Jada, how was school? Grard asks me as he walks into the kitchen. Have you almost finished your homework?
Good, homework nearly done. Kyra is a good teacher! I say as I smile at Kyra. She really has been kind to me. Shes taken me under her wing at school. We became friends instantly when Faith introduced us at her welcome-home party put on by Faiths sister, Victoria.
Kyra is very much like her aunt Faith, showing me friendship, and they are both always there when I need them... unlike Victoria. From the day I met her, I've been able to tell she resents me. She looks down on me the same way she does her house staff.
I know she wishes Id stayed in Syria, but Faith and Grard had insisted that I return to the U.S. with them. I needed to fulfill my mothers dying wish.
Get out of this country, my mother had said. Shed told me to follow my heart, and my heart told me these were good people. Grard, Faith, and Zak stayed by my hospital bed in the camp as I recovered from the gun shots. Haytham told me that they refused to leave until I was awake. They took turns watching over me. One would sleep, and another would get food.
The TV in the kitchen distracts us. News of Syria.
Kyra, can you turn it up, please? Grard asks.
Sure Ill leave you two alone, she says as she adjusts the volume and leaves the kitchen. Grard takes a seat in the chair next to me.
Laura appears on the screen, standing inside a refugee camp.
More than 2.1 million Syrians, women and children, make up three-quarters of the refugee population; the vast majority of the refugees are dependent on aid, arriving with little more than the clothes on their backs. Iraq, Jordan, Egypt, Lebanon, and Turkey have opened their borders to help refugees; unfortunately there is an uncertain timetable for when they can return to their homes. It is estimated that, by the end of the year, half the population of Syria will be in need of help. This is Laura Leeming, live from Syria.
As quickly as Laura appears on the TV screen, she is gone again. Grard grabs the remote and turns off the TV.
Zak told me about your father training you. When we were at the hospital, he told me everything you went through. He pauses and looks down. He seems uncomfortable, but I dont know why.
Jada, you know how in the hospital I told you I went to school with your parents?
Yes, I remember, why?
I didnt tell you what kind of school it was would you like to know?
Yes, I quickly reply.
Are you sure? You may be surprised.
Yes, Im sure. Now I want to know even more!
We were taught to be spies, he says.
Spies? Really?
He nods.
Wait you said you went to school with my mother, too. Was she a spy as well? That doesnt make sense.
Yes, they both were.
What on earth?! My parents were spies?! Jesus, what else do I not know about my family?
Jada, I can continue teaching you like your father did. Faith doesnt know anything, and she must not know.
What is he saying? Hes going to continue to teach me how to be a killer?
He locks eyes with me and clenches his jaw.
I will help you get your father back.
Epilogue


Zak pulls me toward the locker at the airport. This is it this one here, he says.
I take the silver key from my pocket and then check to make sure its number is the same as the one on the locker. They are a match.
Father, I made it.
I insert the key in the lock and turn it. The door opens.
Inside the locker is a metal box. I slide it towards myself and pry the lid off.
Zak leans in for a closer look. There is an envelope with my name on it, written in my fathers handwriting.
I take out the envelope. There is another one with Grard Mynatts name on it, but this one is written in my mothers handwriting.
My father knows Grard, and it looks like my mother did as well, I mumble.
Zak nods without speaking. Then his eyes bulge as I move a paper aside, revealing a large stack of cash. Whoa, youre rich, he says.
Shush, I say, quickly glancing around to make sure no one is noticing us. No one is. Quick, help me get it into my backpack.
We quickly stuff the money into my bag.
At the bottom of the tin is my fathers old leather wallet, filled with bank cards. I place it in my pocket. I will inspect it later.
All that is left are the envelopes  one for me and one for Grard. I look at Grards for a moment, trying to decide whether to open it or not. I set it in my backpack. Zak lets out an impatient sigh.
Are you going to open the other one? he asks me.
Yes.
Nervously, I open the letter.

Dearest Jada,

My dear child, I know youve been through a lot to get here, and your journey has just begun. I have been informed that I will be taken soon. I need your help to find me. I will not ask that you do it alone; you will need to get in touch with the people on this list. The first person you need to find is Grard Mynatt. He will train you and help you find me. You can trust him. Please tell him I am sorry that we are both sorry.
For your safety, your mother and I had to change our names. Your mothers real name is Mia Andra, and my name is Len Coupe.
Jada, I ask that you be patient. Take your time to learn everything you can from the people on this list. Blend in and try to be a normal teenager. Have some fun in these hard times, and remember what your mother and I taught you.
I love you, Jada. Im thinking of the day when we will be reunited.

xxx

I hear my fathers voice in my mind as I read his words. Silently, I fold the letter and place it back in the envelope, and a lone tear drips down my cheek.
I will find you, Father. Even if I die trying.
Author's Note

I hope you found the story interesting.
If you have time to write a review, please know that I will read it and take the feedback seriously. 
Every review increases the chances that other readers will discover this novel and influences what I write in the future. 
www.goodreads.com
You can sign up for pre-release specials at www.hjlawson.com
Contact me directly at hjlawson1@gmail.com
Twitter @hjlawson1
Facebook www.facebook.com/hjlawson1




Other books by HJLawson.

Survive The Day: Book 2 in the War Kids series.
Jada and her friends have been living in America for over a year now. At school she blends in with the other children, but she knows that she is different. They didnt have to kill for their freedom.
The memories of her past haunt her each time Gerard takes her to visit someone from her fathers list as they try to find out where he is being held. But what they dont realize is they would have been safer in Syria A hidden enemy is attacking America from the inside, and no one is safe


Annabel dreams of a happier life. One with a normal family instead of one that chooses heroin and the Wild Boar Riders biker over her. The only person she can trust is Brandon, another person living on the streets. They bond over their hatred towards Troy, a pimp and drug dealer who takes great pleasure in ruining lives.
As the passion grows between Brandon and Annabel, so does the chaos in New York City as it is now under attack. They are forced to flee to an unknown hideout beneath the heart of the City.

Ethan is scarred by his fathers death. He has spent his entire life planning for revenge.
And the day has finally come...
 


Revolting Youth: Episode 1.

Luko thought life couldnt get much worse after his mother died, and his father turned to alcohol.
He was wrong.
A childhood hatred between Shihid and Luko takes a deadly twist when Shihid joins the army.
Lukos life is ripped apart when soldiers invade his hometown, recruiting men to join their army.
When Lukos father and his best friend are taken Luko does the only thing he can do - fight against an army of killers.

Revolting Youth is a short story - 6500 words long.

Revolting Youth: Episode 2.

Haytham and Ali wait for their friends to arrive at the refugee camp. Patience is not one of their strong points, luckily for them Haythams mother is due to be released from the hospital with her new baby soon. 
The boys get together to make their tent like a home for the new arrivals. Ali uses his charm to get a photography job for Haytham but are is unprepared for the life-threating consequences they will face. 




Acknowledgements

I would like to thank the following people who supported War Kids.
My supportive husband and loving daughter, Callie.
Wendy Schirmer, my wonderful editor.
And my encouraging family.

Special Thank you to my Kickstarter backers, without you this book would not be possible.

My Best friend Jodie Underwood, my muse Hsuante Tsai, My mother Louise Hicks, My mother in law Susan Lawson, Carol-anne Hamilton, Grandma, Donna Shorrock, Jon Davies, Hannah Gordon, Nick Byrne, Cindy Xiao, Robert Daddario, Scott D Contrera, Bruce Ekstein, Michael Siemank, John hicks, Eduard Gabrielyan, Cara Richmond, Nancy Ashthorpe, Laura King Pattie, Charmaine Buffong Shinault, Richard Krulik, Vilayte essa, David Va, Patricia Rafferty, Jade Clarke-Mackintosh, Chloe Brooks, Jessica Muoz-Vuillet, David Connor, Tiffany, Edwin Colon, Jordan Brooks, Helen Camm, Jenny Sung, Loana Vatavu, Emma Underwood, Bernadette Fritz, Paul Wright, Georgene Rada, Marie Lawson, Carol, Layo G, Gary Lee Vincent, Khaled Mahmoud Almesbah, Liz Rubio, Lisa Donoghue, Kerry bora, Brendan Hetherington, Laura Ballereau, Kelly Townley, Lorraine Johnson, Hazel Mhairi, David McCready, Stephanie wagner, Tracy Barlow, Beverly Brawer, Caroline woodruff, Juliska, George Hope, Paul Howarth, CJ Schindler, Julius J. Spedale, Julia Taylor, Victoria Defraeye, Carly keating, Amber Mauldin, David G Underwood, Kelly Morgan, Cristina Marques, Rachel Bell, Reis Armstrong, Jennifer Childs, David shorrock, Yvan Bergeron, Douglas Motschmann, Mike Brown, Martin Fung, Donald Gary Hanlon, Terrance Boykin, Kenai Reis, Susan.
	
