A Novel Idea

The Complete First Chapters of 12 Different Novels by
Award-Winning Author Melissa Bowersock



Melissa Bowersock
Copyright  2014 by Melissa Bowersock
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the publishers, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed in a newspaper, magazine or journal.

First Printing

All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.



Camp Verde, Arizona

Dedication
Table of Contents
Books by Melissa Bowersock
Dedication
This book is dedicated with great fondness, respect and gratitude to the founders of Indies Unlimited, Stephen Hise and K.S. (Kat) Brooks. Through their boundless determination and largely unappreciated hard work, they have crafted the premiere community for independent writers, editors, publishers and authors. Before I was invited to join IU, I led a mostly solitary writers life with only a handful of writer friends with which to commune, commiserate and share setbacks and celebrations. Most of the people who knew me had no inkling of the writers process, neither the creative journey nor the work involved in writing, editing, publishing and promoting books. As soon as I joined the ranks of IU, I realized I was home. These people understood me, and I them. They know the joy of having a story pour out of their hearts through their fingertips. They know the frustration when that river ceases to flow and words must be dragged out stubbornly, one by one, like digging precious stones from a dry riverbed. They know the work involved in marketing, the constant search for new ways to promote, the satisfaction in connecting with appreciative readers. They know and understand everything that I do, that I feel, that I am. And I know and understand them. There is just no way to put a value on this amazing sense of community and sharing. It is beyond priceless.
Specifically I would like to thank Kat for her unflagging support and generosity of spirit. It was she who gave me the idea for this book, and for that I am forever grateful.
A Novel Idea
Table of Contents
I am a multi-genre writer. I will write whatever kind of story captures my attention, whether fantasy or romance or action or paranormal, whether male or female protagonist, whether dramatic or comedic or somewhere in between. Because of my eclectic tastes, one story may be vastly different from another, but I feel certain there is something here for everyone. I have listed below my twelve novels by genre and supplied a short summary of each, and clicking on the name will take you to the first chapter (and in a few instances, the prologue). I sincerely hope you enjoy each and every one. --MJB

Action/Adventure

Queens Gold
Hal Thompson is a pretty ordinary guy. A widower who owns his own small business, he's doing his best to raise his two nearly adult children alone. When they convince him to undergo a hypnotic past-life regression, he is unimpressed that his "memories" reveal the hiding place of ancient Aztec gold. Other people, however, take it very seriously and when his family is threatened, he is forced to plunge into the jungles of Mexico, battling treacherous terrain, lethal wildlife and the haunting feeling of a love that spans centuries. Can he find the gold before it claims more lives? Or will he lose the love of his life ... again?

The Appaloosa Connection
When Ross Garvey's prized Appaloosa is stolen from his Colorado ranch, he fully intends to hunt down the thieves in their New Mexico hideout and regain his best broodmare. What he doesn't count on is bull-headed, fifteen year old Jaimie Callahan, whose horse was also stolen by the same thieves. And he certainly does not anticipate the beautiful Mexican girl who's dealing with the thieves, nor the fact that an entire company of Mexican troops is in on the deal!

Fantasy

The Blue Crystal
In the realm of Zor, the tyrant Mal-Zor is maniacal in his quest for the mythical Blue Crystal of power sends generations of innocents to their deaths in the crystal mines. Jared, a young farmer from a small isolated village, has paid scant attention to the distant troubles until his younger siblings are taken as slaves. Jared vows to free them and his quest soon becomes enmeshed in the most magical power struggle imaginable. Accompanied by a recalcitrant halfling, mounted on a huge black lion and supported by an aging wizard and his daughter, Jared prepares to challenge the king and claim his hidden destiny. 

Ghost Stories

Stones Ghost
Matthew Stone doesn't believe in ghosts  until he meets one. He owns a successful business in Lake Havasu, Arizona, home to the famed London Bridge that was brought over stone by stone and rebuilt over the Colorado River. He has a gorgeous girlfriend, a doting mother, and more money than he needs, but no time for stories about the ghosts who were transplanted from England with the famed bridge. When a chance encounter with a female ghost leads to unexpected friendship, Matt and the ghost are forced to rely on each other as they confront the pasts that haunt them.

Burning Through
When Jennifer and Robert Stinson buy a beautifully restored Victorian house, the last thing they expect is to share their home with a ghostespecially one with a penchant for setting fires. Unfortunately the ghostly arson only creates more tension in their already strained marriage. Jen launches her own investigation into the history of her house and discovers a surprising ally in a sympathetic fire captain. But can she unravel the mystery of the fires before they consume her home, her marriage  and her life?

Paranormal/Romance/Suspense

Fleischerhaus
Newly divorced Julia Martin is still reeling from her husbands infidelity and takes a much-needed vacation to visit old college friends in Germany. While touring a little-known concentration camp and museum, she spontaneously experiences a violent past life memory of being murdered in this very camp during the Holocaust. Efforts to understand her memories only lead to more questions, the largest being: is her killer still alive? Supported by her friends and comforted in the arms of a handsome doctor, Julia strives to uncover the mysteries of her past life and find justice for the person she used to be.

Romance - Historical

The Rare Breed
The daughter of a white woman and an Indian brave, Catherine Boudry had spent the first thirteen years of her life among the Cheyenne. Restored at last to her mothers wealthy parents, Cathy blossomed into womanhood surrounded by all the civilized comforts of the white mans world. But at the age of twenty, the lure of her Indian heritage drew her back to the western plains. It was a journey that would awaken her to the joy and agony of passion in the arms of two very different menJory, the virile young trapper, and Barred Owl, the Cheyenne brave to whom she had been pledged in marriage long ago.

Superstition Gold
Married and widowed within a 24-hour period, beautiful Leigh Banning watches as her storybook New Orleans life crumbles away piece by piece. In a heartbroken attempt to start over, she travels to the wilds of frontier Arizona in an effort to understand the father she never knew and is rewarded with gold from the legendary Lost Dutchman gold mine in the Superstition Mountains. The gold comes with a price tag, howeverthe murder of innocent people. Leighs quest for justice leads her to a remote Apache camp in the company of a proud Pima Indian and a handsome cavalry officer. Torn between the fiery kisses of the Major and the respectful love of the Pima, Leigh joins forces with the Apaches to battle gold-hungry killers and in the process discovers her true self and her one true love.

Romance - Contemporary

Lightning Strikes
Jessie Evans is a free-lance journalist, emphasis on the "free," with no plans to tie herself down. While researching a story in Flagstaff about Indian influences in Arizona, however, she encounters Lucas Shay, a smoldering paradox who is part Indian, part architect and all man. Whether igniting her temper with his arrogance or challenging her beliefs with his laser-like insight, Jessie can't deny that Lucas sets fire to her soul as well.

Remember Me
Elly Cole wakes up bruised and battered in a hospital-and has no idea who she is or how she got there. Her brooding giant of a husband informs her that she had been fleeing with her lover who was killed in the car accident that left her injured, that she is pregnant with that lover's child and that she has nowhere else to go but home-with him. Struggling against the threat of her husband's dangerous rage and jealousy, Elly strives to regain her memory and reconstruct the life she left behind, wondering how she could ever have loved this man who hates her.

Romance - Satire

The Pits of Passion by Amber Flame
Sealed to the man in an arranged marriage, Elizabeth Montgomery rides the surging tide of shock and denial, lust and love, as she is swept from the manicured gardens of England to the savage shores of Africa and the wilds of the New World, never quite sure which Captain Elliott is the man she loves. Warning! This satiric romp is NOT your mother's romance novel!

Spiritual

Goddess Rising
It is the future, and a global geologic holocaust has destroyed civilization, leaving only a tiny fraction of people to rebuild scattered colonies. Reduced to a primitive state, they live close to the earth and cultivate a Goddess worship, and chosen ones dream a prophecy that Greer, a female savior, will return them to greatness. An epic and magical story of one womans exceptional destiny during exceptional times, Goddess Rising follows Greers journey from simple obscurity to prophesied reign. Acknowledged as the face of the Goddess on earth, Greer discovers the rewards of powerand its priceas she struggles through her own labyrinth of fear and desire, sexuality and sacrifice, love and death.
Action/Adventure

Queens Gold
Chapter 1

THE single bell of the half hour barely penetrated his foggy, hung-over sleep. He opened bleary eyes and tried to focus on his watch. Only seven-thirty. Gratefully he remembered that today was Sunday and he didnt have watch until four. He could still sleep off the effects of last nights liberty, and he fell back face first into his pillow.
Now that he was awake, though, he could hear the rumblings of the ship. Quiet voices drifted to him from other bunks, the muted clang of shoes on metal stairs reverberated from overhead. He remembered how hard it was for him to sleep on board at first; the constant sounds of the ship were all new to him, and for his first two weeks aboard, he barely got more than catnaps, just the time between bells. Now, however, he could sleep through anything. 
Then why wasnt he sleeping? He certainly hadnt gotten eight hours yet. He was pretty sure it was after 1A.M. before they stumbled back aboard from their trip to Honolulu. Theyd made a hell of a night of it, thoughmet some girls, gotten thrown out of the Royal Hawaiian, avoided the MPs and had still gotten laid. No one back home would believe the duty he was pulling. Instead of being just Loser Reynolds, here he was in the Navy on a battleship stationed in Hawaii for Christs sake. It just didnt get any better.
He checked his watch again. Seven forty-five. He didnt think he was going to be able to get back to sleep. Might as well get up. He needed something to get the sour taste out of his mouth. It felt like an army had walked across his tongue with shit on their boots. 
Swinging his legs out of his bunk, he had to clutch at the edges while his brain spun around in lazy circles. Whoa, boy; take it easy. What was that last stuff theyd been drinking? Tequila shots, he thought. Hoping to clear his head, he shook it, but that just made the spinning worse. Finally he just clamped his jaws tight against the sickening motion and grabbed for his dungarees and his chambray shirt. If he were going to have to heave his cookies over the side, hed better be dressed before he went topside. 
Not more than five minutes laterhed barely shrugged into his shirt and pulled his pants uphe heard the drone of planes overhead. They sounded pretty low. Someone, he thought, was going to get his ass busted for buzzing the harbor. Just like those prima donna pilots to pull a stunt like that. But then he heard muted thunder somewhere forward of the ship. Some kind of ... explosion? There was another one. The ship rocked suddenly. Another explosion. What the hell ...? 
Suddenly the bosons pipe shrilled GQ from the bitch box. General quarters, general quarters, yelled the box. All hands man your battle stations. This is not a drill!
What the f? He grabbed his shoes and socks and slammed his white hat on his head. Below decks had erupted into ordered chaos, the other men who bunked in his section pulling on clothes, running for duty stations, barely missing each other in their practiced hurry. He jammed on his shoes and trotted quickly through the battleship, edging sideways through hatches as other men went in opposite directions past him. All Reynolds could think was, This is not a drill. What did that mean?
Retracing the familiar route through the ships narrow passageways, he reached the radio room and found Hamilton already at the panel. What the hell is going on? he asked as he pulled on his life vest. 
Grab your headset, Hamilton said excitedly. Listen to this. 
Reynolds found his headset, jammed it down on his head. The words leaped at him. 
... not a drill! Air raid, Pearl Harbor! This is not a drill! Air raid ...
Reynolds heard the words but they refused to come together in his brain. What does that mean? he shouted at Hamilton. He heard more explosions from outside the ship.
Hamilton grinned at his companion, his eyes bright with excitement. What do you mean, what does that mean? Hamilton whooped. Come on, Reynolds, have a little imagination. Maybe it means were going to get to fight Japs. Maybe it means were finally going to get into this friggin war!
Replacing his headset, Reynolds stared at the array of controls on the radio panel. Right now more than anything he wished he was on the bridge, somewhere where hed know for sure what was going on. He wished he could see something.
The radio crackled, whined, crackled again. Attention all personnel, all personnel, Pearl Harbor is under attack, repeat, under attack. Japanese Zeroes have bombed Pearl Harbor
Hamilton let out a whoop that drowned out the voice and Reynolds waved him down.
The Oklahoma has been hit, the Utah, the Helena the radio voice was cut off by the sudden jarring of the Arizona as shock waves from a nearby explosion rocked it. The thunder made the hair on Reynolds neck stand up. Cloistered down in the bowels of the ship as they were, any sound that reverberated down to them like that had to be terrifyingly loudand close.
Attention all hands, Captain Van Valkenburghs voice came over the intercom. Strangely calm, his voice commanded attention. Prepare to
The roar of a thousand freight trains crashed all around them and the ship rocked violently. Reynolds grabbed at the radio board. In a strange, surrealistic slow motion, he saw the edges of the board bulge away from the wall where it was bolted and felt the shuddering, burgeoning shock of explosion that seemed to catapult him across the room. Thrown against the bulkhead, he felt his shoulder snap and he slid down the wall to the floor. Still within the same instant of elongated time, he watched as the radio board strained away from its bolts and he sat paralyzed as the heavy desktop of the panel ripped loose and bore down on him. Stiletto pain lanced up his legs as the board dropped on them. The pain heaved his stomach over and stale liquor-tainted bile swam in his mouth. The entire ship was shaking, rattling, convulsing like a living thing in its death throes. The metal bolts squealed as they strained against whatever contortions were twisting them loose, and the sickening sound of metal scraping against metal was so loud it seemed to suck all the air out of the room.
Reynolds braced himself against the bulkhead at his back and pushed against the radio board with his good arm. He couldnt move it. His shoulder ached almost beyond endurance, his legs throbbed in a way that terrified him. He might be crippledcrippled for life. Or worse yet, what if his legs had to be amputated? He thrust the panicky thought back.
Hamilton, he called out above the roar that still rocked the ship. Hamilton, Im pinned. Get me out of here.
There was no reply from Hamilton. Straining to see around the jagged edge of the radio boardhis shoulder screamed in protest and he winced against the painhe could barely see Hamiltons own shoulder. It looked as if hed been thrown against the opposite wall.
Hamilton, help me. This board is on my legs. Im stuck.
The shoulder that was just barely in Reynolds range of vision didnt move. Half angry, exasperated, scared shitless, Reynolds grappled with the edge of the radio board and managed to pull himself up a quarter inch or so, just enough so that he could see better. 
Hamilton stared back at him with dead eyes. A piece of jagged metal pierced his throat. Blood dribbled down the front of his life vest and soaked into the military drab material.
Panic raced through Reynolds like shots of whiskey, hot in his blood, buzzing in his brain. Sweat ran down the sides of his face in streams. Around him the ship screamed and roared. He clawed at the radio board but none of his exertions had any effect on the heavy slab of metal. It absolutely would not budge.
The sound of water brought him up. He heard it first, heard it splashing, falling, swirling. It sent cold chills up his spine. Then it began to pour into the radio room. It came in alive, dancing, almost rejoicing. It bubbled and frothed and swirled around the corners of the room, splashing up against the side of Hamilton, running under the radio board, soaking Reynolds legs. The water slapped up against him, clear and greenish on one side, and swirled away from him, blood-streaked and brownish on the other. It was cold, a terrifying, numbing, otherworldly cold. And it was rising.
Help me! Reynolds yelled. Somebody, please, help me!
The sound of the water roared in his ears. It slapped against the wall behind him, surged over the radio board. It soaked the bottom edges of his life vest. He pushed against the radio panel, pounded on it with the heel of his hand, threw his good shoulder into it. The water swirled around his chest and splashed up on his chin. He clawed at the panel in a mindless, glazed panic. He no longer seemed to have a body. The water circled around his neck, splashed in his eyes. Breathing through his mouth in a frenzied, panting way, he gulped in some water.
It tasted like blood.
He screamed.

Its all right, a soothing, familiar voice told him. Youre all right. Youll find you can view this experience without pain and without emotion. You can tell us calmly whats happening. Now, have you passed over?
Brian Thompson realized with a slowed down start that he was still hypnotized, that the scene hed been describing was only what hed seen in his mind, the playing out of a past life. Relieved and thankful that he wasnt any longer the pinned, dying Reynolds, he took in a big, slow breath.
Yes, he reported back to his questioner. Ive left the body. Im floating up above it. I can see it, still pinned down under the radio panel, under the water.
All right. Cathleens voice was cool, low-pitched and relaxed. Im going to bring you back to the present, now. Back to Albuquerque, October sixth. You will awaken feeling refreshed and clear-headed, glad to be alive. Im going to count to five, and when I reach five, you will be back in Albuquerque, back in the present time and in this room. You will be able to remember everything youve just been experiencing. One. Youre letting go of what youve just been receiving. Two. Youre coming up now, coming out of the hypnosis. Three. Youre almost there now, almost back to the present. Youre feeling awake and relaxed, as if youve just had a long, refreshing nap. Four. Youre coming on up now. On the next count youll be able to open your eyes, and youll be completely awake and completely relaxed. Five. Open your eyes, now. Open your eyes.
Hal Thompson sat across the room, arms crossed over his chest, and watched as his seventeen year old son obediently opened his eyes and sat up. Blonde and freckled, the boy was the epitome of a fresh-scrubbed all-American kid. For just a moment, when hed realized he was pinned under that radio panel, his face had contorted with an expression Hal had never seen before, an expression of sheer panic and fear. He had to admit, it was a good stunt, however it was done. But he wasnt buying it.
How do you feel? Cathleen was asking the boy. At barely thirty, the shapely young hypnotist was almost annoyingly calm. Long, dark hair caught at the back of her neck, she exuded confidence and serenity. Hal found her curious. Most of the people her age seemed caught up in yuppyism, clamoring for success, frantic to be in the mainstream of the latest technical knowledge, technical break-throughs, technical toys. But this woman seemed far removed from that mainstream, and cared even less. She had the clear eyes of someone secure in some otherworldly knowledge. If she hadnt been so normal otherwise, Hal might have thought she was one of those brainwashed cult followers, but she actually seemed pretty decent outside of this little hypnosis scam. He was still waiting for the payoff.
Wow, Brian said in answer to her question. Sitting up now, he leaned his elbows on his knees and shook his head in delighted disbelief. What a trip. Dad, did you get all that? Do you realize I was on the Arizona? To Cathleen he said, Dad was in the Navy, too.
Mmm, Hal said noncommittally. He still had his arms crossed over his chest. With his outdated buzz haircut, his unyielding frown, his body language screamed skepticism. Hed only agreed to witness this silly experience to placate Brian and Wendy, his daughter, but he knew before they began that seeing it would not change his mind. It was garbage. Reincarnation, past lives, hypnotismall garbage.
Wow, Brian repeated, still grappling with the situation. I cant believe it. It was so real. I didnt just see it, I felt it. Dad, now I know why I cant stand to be held under water. Do you remember that summer you took us to the pool in the park, and that bully held me under water and I about went nuts? The panic I felt during this regression was the same kind. Man, that was awful. I hope I never feel that again.
Youre a very good subject, Cathleen noted, changing her position to a relaxed cross-legged sit on the floor that reminded Hal of yoga. Even with her back ramrod straight, she still looked completely relaxed. If youd care to do more regressions later on, Id be interested in hypnotizing you for them. I think we could get a lot of good material.
Hal narrowed his blue eyes at her. Was this the other shoe falling? What nowsign up for ten more sessions at only $49.95 a crack? He studied the woman, wondering if she were taking Brian for an easy mark of if she got her kicks out of seducing young kids. He wondered if hed be too obvious if he mentioned the fact that Brian was not yet eighteen.
That was really a great one, Wendy said from the other side of the living room. Finishing up the notes shed been taking throughout the session, she turned off a cassette recorder and flipped through the pages of her notebook. Ill bet we could verify a lot of the detail on this. There should be tons of information about the attack on Pearl Harbor and the Arizona. Glancing up at her father, clear-eyed and convinced, she smiled at him. Well, Dad, what do you think? Isnt it as amazing as I told you?
Hal hesitated. Wendy was twenty, more mature than Brian, but still taken in. He didnt want to start a row, but the kids had to realize this was a scam.
Amazing, Hal admitted slowly, but not enough to convince me.
What? Wendy and Brian chimed together in shock. 
But Dad, Brian argued, I saw it all. I was right there. I saw every bit of it. I felt it. It was real. 
How can you say that? Wendy asked in turn. You saw how agitated he was when he realized he was going to drown. You could see the tension in his body. And Ill bet we can verify a lot of this. A sudden thought came to her, and she snapped her fingers in response. Dad, do you remember when we all went on vacation to Hawaii? How old was Brianfour? I was seven. And remember when we went to the memorial for the Arizona? Brian wouldnt get on the boat that went out to the memorial. He cried and screamed and carried on so, Mom finally agreed to wait with him on the dock, and when you and I had seen it, you stayed with Brian and I went back with Mom and saw it again. Remember? And we couldnt understand why he was so upset? Dad, he was only four years old. He didnt even know what the Arizona was.
Brian shook himself. God, that gives me chills just thinking about it. But I remember that, now that you mention it. I was scared to death and I didnt know why. I was just terrified about being out there over that water. I dont know what I thought would happen to me, but I just know I really didnt want to find out. He turned from Wendy to Hal, confident now. This explains it all, Dad. How else can you explain it?
Hal shook his head. I admit its pretty convincing, he admitted, but there are lots of other explanations.
Like what? Brian pounced.
Hal shrugged. Who knows? You might have seen a movie on TV when you were four that showed people drowning, maybe even showed Pearl Harbor. Science still doesnt know to what extent our subconscious minds pick up stuff, what we take in and store without even realizing it. You may have seen something, just a picture, and stored it away, and when we got to Pearl you associated it with the water over the memorial and you panicked. For that matter, this whole regression could be the replaying of a forgotten movie in your mind. How many war movies have you seen? I doubt if you even know. But like Wendy said, theres lots of information availableyou might even have picked some of it up in school, heaven forbidand your subconscious mind could have made the whole thing up.
Brians look darkened. I didnt make it up, Dad.
Im not saying that you did, Hal corrected quickly, holding his hands up in a peacemaking gesture. At least not consciously. But subconsciouslywho knows? We dont even understand dreams yet, much less the other weirder things that go on. I just think theres some other explanation for it, thats all. Glancing down at Cathleen still cross-legged on the floor, Hal smiled in polite apology. I would imagine you run into skeptics like me fairly often.
Of course, Cathleen replied in that cool, low voice. She smiled in return, a confident, forgiving smile. It grated on Hals nerves. Its a very personal subject, and people can only believe what they feel. Like religion, you cant argue faith. Its either there or its not. She uncurled her long legs and stood up, all in one fluid motion. Well, I must be going. Thank you for letting me come to your home, Mr. Thompson.
They all stood. Wendy shot Brian a speaking glance, and he was quick to fumble his wallet out of his pants pocket. How much did you say?
Oh, Cathleen laughed, shrugging. Whatever you feel it was worth to you. I dont like to set a price. You may feel it was infinitely valuable, or you may think, like your father, that its worthless. Im just happy to be able to do it for those who really want to understand.
Uneasy with setting his own price, Brian fingered the few bills in his wallet. Finally he yanked out a ten and handed it to Cathleen, thought better of it, and pulled out a second one. Is that?
Thats fine, she assured him, her voice smiling. Im not in this to get rich. Thank you again, Mr. Thompson. Wendy, Ill see you later.
Yeah, Wendy agreed, waving a cassette tape and the notebook. Ill get this typed up to you tomorrow.
No hurry. Cathleen shrugged into her light jacket. Although itd be great if we can get it in the next newsletter. Dont forget, Brian, if you want to do another one, let me know.
Okay, Cathleen, he grinned. Maybe after I get over the heebie-jeebies of this one.
Cathleens low, sensual laugh followed her out the door.
Boy, Brian, what a ham, Wendy said as Hal locked the front door behind their guest. When I tried it, I couldnt get anything at all. Cathleen said sometimes its hard for people to let go enough to allow the images and memories to come in, but jeezyou didnt have to overdo it.
Brian grinned devilishly at his sister. Whatsa matter, Sis? Jealous?
Dont be a nerd, she ordered. Youre probably just young enough to have fewer control issues than people older and more responsible than you. The compliment was lost in the dry overtones about age.
Hah, Brian laughed back, stung a little at the reminder that he was the baby of the family. I guess you would know about control issues. I heard your last boyfriend hit the road. What happenedhe get tired of you ordering him around, too? 
Wendy threw her notebook at Brian, but he ducked and it landed tented up in the entry way.
Okay, you two, Hal said in a timeworn voice.
Wendy glared at Brian and breezed past him to pick up her notebook. Carefully, she smoothed out the crumpled pages.
But really, Dad, she said, returning to the original subject, youve got to admit theres something to it. Everything Brian was describing was so real. Hes never been a history buff, or even shown much interest in your time in the Navy. Do you really think he could have subconsciously pulled all that out of his memory of movies hes seen?
Hal made a project of picking up all the glasses and napkins scattered about the living room. It may have sounded real but I think youll find its not accurate, he said. 
Why not? Wendy asked.
You said it yourself, he said over his shoulder as he headed for the kitchen. Theres a wealth of information about the Arizona, and what youll find is that it was hit by a bomb that ignited the front magazine. It exploded in a huge, sudden fireball and sank in eight minutes flat. Not the slow swamping that Brian described at all. He rinsed the glasses and began to load the dishwasher. 
Hm, Wendy murmured, jotting notes to herself. Ill look it up. Theres bound to be tons of information on the internet. And Brian, what was the guysyourname? And his friends?
Reynolds, Brian said, shivering. And the other guy was Hamilton.
And you were both radio guys. What did you say the name of the captain was?
Brian blinked. Van something. Vandenburg? I thought you were taking notes.
I was, but I knew the cassette recorder would get everything so I didnt try to write it all down.
Ill be surprised if you can verify any of this, Hal snorted. 
Is reincarnation really such a strange idea? Wendy asked again. Millions of people all over the world believe in it. More people believe it than dont, as a matter of fact.
  Hal studied his daughter thoughtfully, wondering if he and Barbara should have taken the kids to church more often. Theyd never been strongly religious, and maybe theyd erred by not injecting more spiritual meaning into their lives. Maybe this was the kids effort to find that meaning, especially since their mother died. Dying of cancer at the age of forty-five was just not the way it was supposed to be. But reincarnation ...
Its a crutch, he stated finally. Its an excuse for screwing up now because you can atone for it later. And karma is just a rationalization for why someone has been dealt a rotten hand in this life. He shook his head. Its garbage.
Dad, your feet are so encased in cement, its amazing you can walk around at all, Brian observed loftily. If its not business, bird-watching or photography, its too weird to be true.
Hal ignored his sons criticism and addressed Wendy. How in the world did you get mixed up with this Cathleen, anyway? he asked. I never thought youd go for this woo-woo stuff.
I met Cathleen in that occult bookstore down town. It was really amazing. I was looking for that new book by Shirley MacLaine and Cathleen just walked right up to me and said hello. We talked for a bit about books, what I was looking forshe helped me find itand then she just began telling me about her work with regressions and asked if Id care to witness one. I know this doesnt sound like much, but the rapport we had was fabulous, right from the start. It was as if we were old, old friends, just instantly. Ive never met anyone and had them open up to me so immediately. We just seemed very she searched for the word she wanted familiar with each other. Comfortable. Wendy shook her head at her lack of an explanation. I dont know. But after I watched one regression, I was hooked. When she asked me if I would consider taking the transcripts of the sessions, I didnt have to think twice. She didnt even ask if I knew shorthand, and she wasnt surprised when I told her I did. Everything just fell into place.
Hal nodded silently, hands in his pockets, his brow creased with thought.
Dad, I know you dont think its serious, but I wish youd be a little more open-minded about it, Wendy pleaded. 
Hal was already shaking his head no. I dont think so. His words gave the impression of possible compromise; his tone didnt.
I always said he had a mind like a steel trap, Brian joked, closed up tight and rusty as hell.
Hal shot a reprimanding glance to his son about his language.
Sorry, Brian muttered.
You know, Dad, if youd try it once yourself, you might feel differently. I know you think its all baloney, but if you let Cathleen hypnotize you and really felt what it was like, it might really surprise you. Wendy obviously liked the sound of her idea, and she gathered steam as she went. Cathleens a great hypnotist, and its perfectly safe. All those old wives tales you hear about being made to do things against your will are not true. Its really even kind of fun.
 Anticipating her dads rejection, Wendy dug into the back of her notebook. Wait, she said, pulling out a small, four-page newsletter. Just look at this. This is a newsletter of other peoples regressions. Its a real grassroots operation but its worldwide, and its got some really interesting things in it. Just look at it, okay?
Hal didnt take the newsletter right away. He eyed it suspiciously, studied Wendys pleading look and finally acquiesced. Ill look at it, he agreed, but  dont expect me to change my mind.
Okay, but just look at itread it. I think youll see this is not some crackpot fad. Belief in reincarnation has been around forever.
Hm.
After Wendy left and Hal had locked up and said goodnight to Brian, he took the newsletter with him to his room but didnt read it. He set it on the dresser as if it were too hot to handle and needed some cooling-off time. Shrugging out of his shirt, he turned the nights events over in his mind and, almost reluctantly, he went to the dresser and took out the picture hed put away months before.
His wife smiled back at him. Frozen in time, she looked healthy and happy; not at all like she had at the end, withered away with cancer, thin, shrunken. He found it much easier to remember her this way so he kept the picture, but after a year and a half hed removed it from the dresser top and put it in a drawer. He took it out infrequently, usually only when he was feeling particularly lonely or stymiedlike tonight.
Well, Barbara, what do you think? he asked the picture in a soft voice. I guess its normal for kids to search around, try to find a belief system that they can put their faith into, but I never expected anything like this. Do you think theres anything to it? For a fleeting moment, he allowed himself an ironic smile. Guess its no stranger than my talking to you about it. He brushed a speck of lint from the glass. Aw, it wont amount to anything. Theyre good kids; theyve got good heads on their shoulders. Theyll mess with this for a while and then get bored and go on to something else. I know what youd tell melet them try their wings. If I push against it, theyll just hang on to it more tightly. I know. I just wish you ... He let the unspoken thought drift away. 
Dont worry, he continued in a stronger, more confident voice. Ill walk the tightrope; not too hard, not too soft.  Feeling better for having made his decision, he stared at the picture a moment longer, touched a finger to the smiling face, and put it away. 
Its just easier when Ive got someone spotting for me, he said as he closed the drawer.

###

Back to Table of Contents
The Appaloosa Connection
(Because the first chapter of this book is very short, Im including the first two chapters.)

March 27, 1855

ROSS Garvey woke early, feeling good. The first was not unusualhe prided himself on rising as early as any of the men he hired. The latter was a pleasant surprise. Hed had few good dreamless nights in the last six months. He stretched leisurely before he rolled out of bed.
The sun was barely breaking over the tips of the Rockies, its light splintering into the morning. Looking out his second-story window at it, Ross could see the sunspots swimming in front of his view of the ranch. Today he felt good about everything. His ranch was doing well and with Sundance ready to breed, he was anxious to see to her. It was too bad hed have to wait almost a year for the colt; although the mare always dropped a good spotted foal, each one was a new wonder. He pulled his eyes from the sunrise and yanked on his boots. Better get to it.
Crossing the yard to the barn, he nodded to Manny Polk, his foreman, headed for the east corral. Manny appeared surprised at Ross energetic smile, but then how often had any of the men seen their boss smile lately. Too often Ross caught the pitying, sidelong glances they cast each other as he went by. He could imagine what they thoughtboss mans wife left him so he throws himself into his work. The horses are all hes got, poor guy. Ross knew. But today it didnt bother him. Maybe things would be better from now on.
He strode into the sudden blackness of the barn and went straight to Sundances stall. Usually she met him, neck outstretched, lips questing for a treat. Not today. Wondering, he walked up to the half door and looked in.
The stall was empty.
Rosss mind went blank. He stared at the trampled straw, the empty manger, the bucket in the corner. There was no horse. There was no Sundance. But she had to be here. She had to.
His brain and body flipped into action at the same time. He ripped the stall door open and stepped inside. One of the men had her. They were walking her, or they put her in a corral getting ready to clean her stall. Even as he imagined the possibilities, he knew they didnt fit. The hair on the back of his neck rose dangerously, and his head began to pound. Anger and disbelief fought for control of his brain.
He exploded out of the barn like a steam engine, compact and ready to belch fire. His hands were clenched into white fists at his side.
Manny! he shouted. Manny! Wheres Sundance?
The foreman spun around crazily at the corral fence, his face a mask of confusion.
What?
Sundance is not in her stall. What the hells going on around here? 
Manny sprinted to his boss and they returned shoulder to shoulder to the stall door. They both stared incredulously at the empty box.
Manny swallowed hard. Hell, Ross, I dont know, he swore. She was here last night.
I know that, Ross steamed, but where in holy hell is she now? 
Mannys jaw worked nervously but no sound came from his mouth. 
Whats going on? voices called from outside. Two sauntering, chuckling cowboys came into the barn. Ross turned on them like a moon-struck demon.
Do either of you know where Sundance is? he demanded. His blue eyes flashed dangerously in the dim light.
The men fell back, confused. Sundance? Aint she here? 
No, we dont know.
She was here last night.
Enraged more than he thought possible, Ross brushed past his men and ran for the bunkhouse. Bellowing his questions, he attacked every man he saw but always got the same answer; no one knew. It was the same at the house and out back at the corrals. No one knew. Sundance was gone. Finally Ross began to shout instructionsbring out Ace, the bay gelding, saddle him with packs. Ross was going after Sundance.
Manny, one step ahead of his boss, was already scouring the dirt yard around the barn. The prints were hopelessly buried beneath the mornings confusion but after investigation, Manny found hoof tracks. One set. He called to Ross and the two men followed the prints, accompanied by one set of boot tracks, to another set of horse prints. Here the dirt was patterned with hoof marks, as if a man sat a restive horse that would not be still and held another. Finally, three sets of hoof prints struck out heading south. Ross scowled.
Manny, he said, his eyes on the southern horizon, I dont know how long Ill be gone, but youre in charge.
Sure, Ross, Manny said. He stuck his hands in his pockets helplessly. 
What kind of a lead do you think theyve got on me? 
Hours, maybe six or seven. At least four.
Thats about what I figure, too, Ross nodded. Shit!
You gonna take someone with you, Ross? Manny asked as they walked back to the house.
No. The only thing I want to be concerned with is Ace, and hes got the biggest heart of any horse here. And even hes going to get pushed to his limit. No, I dont want to have to worry about anyone else.
The bay stood saddled and packed, supplies for several days tied up behind the cantle. Ross put a hand on the saddle horn.
Manny knew better than to argue with his boss. Hed seen Ross bullish temper and stubborn streak before, but not like this since Mrs. Garvey leftthank God.
Well, Ross said, holding out a hand, take care of things, Manny. 
Sure thing, Ross, the foreman said. They pumped hands once. Ross swung into his saddle and reined the bay around.
Turning south, he remembered how hed felt this morning. Well, hed been half righttoday was the start of something new, but it didnt look like it was going to be anything good.


April 3

SONNY Wilke sat on his horse silently as it plodded lazily behind the first two horses. Ash never liked to talk while riding so Sonny had accustomed himself to the night silence, letting the hypnotic plop of the horses hooves lull him. He looked up only occasionally as if to reorient himself with the territory they were passing through. This New Mexican territory was a wasteland and deserved no more of his attention anyway. As soon as he got his share from this job, he was going back to Denver. Ash could rot in this god-forsaken desert, but Sonny was getting out.
For almost a month, ever since Ash Kennedy picked Sonny out of a poker game with a job offer, the pair had worked alone in the most isolated regions of the territory, spending long, numbing hours in the saddle and sleeping on hard, rocky ground. As much as this job appealed to him originally, Sonny wished it were done already. He was still a kid, being barely twenty, but he already had his sights set on high living and expensive women. This baking in the desert was not for him, and he could earn almost as good money closer to Denver.
Just then a horses sharp whistle cut through his thoughts and he looked up, swiping his sandy brown forelock off his forehead. He hadnt realized they were so close to a farmhouse but the outside fence of a corral was not a hundred yards away. The house was dark but a chunky spotted horse fidgeted at the fence, tossing his head and stomping his feet. The half moon reflected noticeably off his rump.
Lookit that, Ash, Sonny said. Hes damn near better lookin than this mare we got.
Huh, Ash grunted, but he was looking. His ugly, weather-beaten face gnarled in agitation as he considered the horse. That Mexican officerhe could never remember the mans rankwas paying plenty for the mare they towed. She was reported to be the best brood mare in the territory, and the generalor whatever he wasloved flashy color. She had a snowy white blanket on her rump that showed stark against her coppery brown body, and good, large spots. But the kid was rightthat one over there looked as good or better.
I dont member hearing about no Indian horses like that around here before, do you? Sonny was saying.
Huh uh, Ash said. With an almost imperceptible movement of his hand, he reined his own horse toward the corral.
We gonna take that one, too? Sonny asked excitedly. With two horses they could double their asking price and hed have enough for lots of drinks and even fancier women in Denver. Maybe this job would turn out worth his while after all. He sure is pretty.
Quiet, Ash commanded. They rode cautiously to the split rail fence and the Appy became even more agitated. Ash watched the mare lift her head curiously and she let out an answering whinny before he could jerk her lead rope and shut her up. The big Appy snorted and stomped.
Ill be damned, Ash said under his breath. If that dont beat all for luck. 
What? Sonny asked. What is it?
Ash grinned. This here fellers a stud, and our little lady here is giving him the come-on. Lookit her, already got her tail over sideways. He laughed soundlessly. I wonder how the general would like a package dealmama, papa and a baby on the way.
Sonnys face lit up. By damn! he said. Lets do it!
Pipe down. You want to wake the house? See if you can get that rail down and let ol Romeo out. We wont even need a lead on him.
Sonny jumped down and handed Ash his horses rein, then began to fiddle with the rough split rails. The damn fence was made so well the rails were wedged almost too tight to move, and all he gained by his efforts were splinters in his gloves. He pushed his shoulder against the rail, jarring it again and again until it loosened. Finally splinters began to fall out of the post hole.
The stallion was plunging at the fence, tossing his head and calling sharply to the mare. Once his hooves came dangerously close to Sonnys foot, and Sonny cussed quietly. Closer, the stud looked even better than he thought, a black animal with a striking white blanket halfway up his back. His body was short-coupled and meaty, but he pivoted that rear end around like it was nothing.
Hurry up, goddamn it! Ash whispered. Hes makin enough noise to wake the dead.
It was true. The horse snorted and whinnied, nickered and blew. Pretty soon Ash expected to see lights on in the house.
He looked through the moonlit darkness. No lights yet. But what was that? Something round shining out of a window. Too pale to be a lightmaybe a face?
Shit, Ash said. Get that rail down and do it fast. Someones comin.
The figure ran frantically from the house to the far fence, then flung itself through the rails. It was a small figure, a kid, but Ash saw the glint of metal that had to be a shotgun.
If you dont get that rail down in the next two seconds, were leaving without him, Ash said angrily.
Uh! Sonny grunted. The rail fell with a splitting sound, almost catching his foot beneath it. He glanced up at the figure closing in and grabbed his rein as Ash tossed it down.
Okay, big balls, come on, Ash said to the stud. He gouged his spurs into his own horses sides and led the mare off in a plunging canter. The stallion pricked his ears, snorted once and jumped the rail in pursuit.
Stop, you goddamn horse thieves! The kid was closing, the shotgun coming up. You low-down sons of bitches, stop!
Sonny heard the voice but was still trying to get into his saddle. His own mare was skittish and wide-eyed from all the ruckus and circled every time he tried to get a leg up. The damn thing turned nervously whenever he approached, her ears flicking forward and back.
Come on, Sonny! Ash yelled from the back of his galloping horse. Quit fooling around and get on the damn horse!
Sonny muttered vile threats as he chased his horse around in another tight circle, one boot in the stirrup so that he had to hop comically to keep up. With his back to the fence, he finally managed to grab one ear and yanked it down so the animal would stand still.
That was the shot the kid was waiting for. The shotgun hard against the shoulder muscle, the barrel exploded and sent a blazing hail of snake shot spraying toward Sonny. The kid was gratified to see the thief jump and twitch painfully, then fling himself up on his horse behind the saddle. The second barrel thundered and the snake shot caught Sonny almost full on the back and rear. Luckily for him, it caught his horses rear, too, and the mare bolted wildly after the other three horses. Hanging on to the horn and mane, Sonny tried to pull himself up into the saddle, but it was some time before he could do so. His mare passed Ashs horse like it was standing still. By the time two other figures joined the kid at the broken fence, the thieves were out of range.

The central northern landscape of Mexico fell away ahead in gentle basins divided by disjointed chains of low mountains. The Mexican patrol had ridden almost endlessly through the same kind of country for over two weeks and Degas was sick of it.
With every step of his horses hooves, he had cursed Colonel Sanchez. He railed silently against every pinion pine and stunted juniper they passed, and vehemently wished it were Sanchez in his gun sight instead of the rabbits and quail he had shot along the way. If it werent for the fact that he would be committing suicide, he would just as soon turn his horse about and head for home. Unfortunately, it was not his option.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead with a stained sleeve of his uniform and wished the sun would set faster. He could feel the perspiration plastering his black hair to his scalp, and his mustache itched. It was bad enough that he had to be sent on this inane mission, but the unseasonable early heat made it worse. In all his six years as a soldier, he had never wished so totally that he were something else. And all of this discomfort because the colonel wanted a damn horse!
Sometimes he even wished he could be back at that skirmish east of the city. It was small, quick, but he and his men put down the minor revolt well, and not many rebels got away. It was amazing to him why so many people took the path of revolution against Santa Ana. What good would it do them? The general had so many troops, and the rebels died so painfully. Even if they ever succeeded in throwing Santa Ana over, what would follow? Peace and wealth for all, granted by that Indian exile, Juarez? Even Degas knew an empty seat of power beckoned to all manner of dictators. If the people deposed one, another would be forthcoming soon. It all seemed so useless to him.
Like this mission. A bitter reward for his good work against the rebels. When Colonel Sanchez first sent for him, Degas was sure his superior had already heard a report of the putdown and was so eager to bestow his thanks that he could not even wait for Degas to change out of his filthy uniform. Coming stinking from the stables, Degas reported to Sanchezs apartments and tried to look as dignified as possible in his battle-dirtied condition. He remembered angrily how he stood, puffed up with pride and expectation, barely controlling a smug smile beneath his mustache.
Degas, the colonel began, pacing in front of the soldier. Do you remember some months ago when you and your men rode to the north border on patrol and I had you deliver a message to a man at a small cantina?
S, Colonel, Degas said confusedly. He kept his expression rigid, ignoring the trails of sweat down the side of his face. His thin, attractive frame towered over the shorter colonel, who paced fluidly in front of him.
It is time for you to go back. I am awaiting a shipment that is essential to the Presidente, and it should be there shortly. The balding Sanchez stopped pacing and stood directly in front of Degas, tilting his head up so he could stare meaningfully into the taller mans eyes. The shipment is to arrive on an Appaloosa mare. That is a pre-arranged signal and I cannot stress to you too much how important this is. If for any reason you do not ride back with that spotted mare, you and your men will be shot on sight by the first city patrol you meet. Sanchez waited, letting the words sink in. Degas could hear his blood hammering in his head.
Now, Sanchez continued, pacing again, I am sure you will have no problems. The man at the cantina is faithful and thorough and he should have everything in order. All you need to do is bring the horse back. Is that understood?
S, Colonel, Degas said woodenly.
And do I need to tell you that this is not to be discussed with anyone? Not even any of the Presidentes men?
No, Colonel.
If they ask about it, they obviously do not need to know or the Presidente would have told them. You are going on a routine patrol. Is that clear? 
S, Colonel.
Do you have any questions?
No, Colonel, Degas said miserably.
Good. Sanchez went to his desk and took a stained leather bag from his top drawer. It clinked heavily as he hefted it, and he held it plainly up for Degas to see. This is the payment agreed upon. Suarez at the cantina knows how much it should be, and if it is short you will not get the horse. And if you do not get the horse 
Degas began to sweat again.
But in the same way, do not give him the gold until you see the horse is ready. We must be careful, no?
S, Colonel.
You will also give a message that there is no further need at this time. It will be understood. The rest will be easy. Bring back the mare with whatever saddlebags will be on her, and you will have done a great service to the Presidente. He is appreciative of great favors, Degas. Perhaps he may even ask you if there is something you would like. Is there something?
Degas hesitated, wishing for all the world he could turn down this mission.
Well, speak man!
S, Colonel. There is something, he said cautiously. Degas almost smiled at his dream of becoming an officer so he might win the beautiful, rich Mathilda for his wife. Just the thought of her was enough to give him an erection. He took a breath to explain. Then he tensed, fearing the colonel would want him to elaborate, but Sanchez waved him off.
Good, think about it while you are riding. I want you and your patrol to leave in two hours.
But, Colonel, wethe men have only just gotten back from 
Degas! Sanchez roared. Do you think I dont know that? Do you think I would send you back out into the wilderness if it werent imperative to the Presidente? This is not a game we are playing with the revolutionaries! This is war! We all have to put our personal wishes aside and do what we can to aid our country. Any other thought or action would be treason, and treason is a firing squad offense, isnt it, Degas?
S, Colonel. Degas swallowed hard.
You have your orders then, Sanchez was saying curtly. Bring me that mare as quickly as you can. That is all you need to worry about.
S, Colonel, Degas said, straightening to salute. Sanchez didnt see it, having already turned away from Degas and dismissing him from his mind. The patrol leader turned smartly and walked out, closing the door softly behind him.
How many times since then had Degas wished he had slammed that door in Sanchezs face and walked away? Or better yet, not even reported to him, but left him pacing his apartment until midnight? Every day Degas played another variation of his fantasy in his mind, each one more humiliating to the colonel than before. Each day his anger hardened in the pit of his stomach until the weight of it drew on him like a loaded bullet. The only respite he got was when his chain of thoughts led him on to a happy reunion with Mathilda. When he could put his hatred aside for a short time, he imagined Mathilda consoling him, her large, plush breasts flattened against his chest and her fragrant black hair falling down around his face. It was times like these that he almost smiled for a bit, until his fantasies progressed so far that his erection clamored for relief. Even when he pushed the thoughts of Mathilda away, his neglected privates suffered painfully, jarred unmercifully against the saddle, and his mind turned full circle back to Colonel Sanchez and hated him all the more for the emasculating position Degas found himself in. He scanned the far horizon, hoping that miserable little cantina would appear to him soon.



###

Back to Table of Contents
Fantasy

The Blue Crystal
Prologue

THE westering sky had gone from turquoise to violet with soft trailings of vermilion clouds set like serpentine jewels in the dark purple velvet. The low hills, shrouded in trees, huddled beneath the cooling sky, becoming hushed. In the darkening gray directly overhead, the Blood Star glowed, its light pulsing brighter, brighter, as if an inhuman heart pumped blood to the cold fire of its form. Shimmering, it hung suspended over the forested hills, the cottages and the children who played out the last minutes of their day.
The children cared nothing for the Blood Star.
As the last streaks of sun color faded to darkness, the children ran playfully for the largest cottage, jostling at the door and moving quickly from play to excited anticipation. Soon would come the Remembering.
Inside the earthen cottage in the softening glow of firelight, several women cleared the last vestiges of a feast from a long, crude table. Murmuring softly among themselves, they covered wooden bowls with whitecloth and corked skins still half full with wine. Their men carried rough wooden stools to the hearth and set them around the perimeter of the fires glow, close to but not pressing upon the chair and its occupant already at hearthside. With eyes reverently hooded, they assembled the stools, motioned the children to take places on the warm stones beneath the hearth, and produced a few yellow crystals to cast light into the darker corners of the cottage. The children settled restlessly at the foot of the old one and the women took places on the stools. The men then closed the circle and stood behind their women.
All eyes waited, glittering.
The old one looked around her at the expectant, watchful faces and smiled. Her thin face was creased with age, her skin darkened by years of working in the sun, but her milky blue eyes were still quick and keen. Dressed in a simple, dark shift that wrapped her thin form, she pulled a favorite yellowed shawl about her shoulders and nodded. It was time to begin.
We have all been gathered together like this before for the Remembering, and we have all heard the story. Every home hears it on this date each year. This year, though, I want you all to pay particular attention. Although she smiled, her intense eyes flared meaningfully at each face. Wraiths of firelight danced across her face.
There are not many of us left who can Remember, and each year more of us are gone. It will not be long before I will go as well, and someone else will have to do the Telling. It will not be Remembering then; it will be legending, and legends are stories lost in their retelling. When that time comes, I want you all to remember that the story is true and that the lessons are worth learning, for if the stories are lost in myth the teachings are lost also. It would be a terrible sadness for me to think that my children or any who come after would have to learn again by the trials of the Blood Star. There has never been a more terrible time.
She paused, her thin voice echoing away in the silent cottage. No one moved. Impaled by this message of relentless death and crouching doom, they all waited for her to go on.
You have all heard the name of Heth Zor, the great king who ruled many, many years ago, before even I was born. He was a good ruler, strong and wise and humane. With the might of the Blue Crystal and Shalabourne, the saber of the One, he governed our land with compassion and humility, and our people were at peace. He ruled his kingship with the family of his one true son, Mal, and his second wife who had her own son, Bren. Separated by half a dozen years and different bloodlines, the boys were constant rivals for their fathers affections, and antago-nism grew between them. Heth Zor knew, as by his own kingship, that the magic and regency of the Zorthe Oneis carried not by the blood but in the heart. He also knew that while his true son had the first quality, his adopted son had the second. When it became clear that Heth Zor would pass his kingship to Bren the younger, Mal became inflamed with hatred and jealousy. It was not long afterward that Heth Zor became stricken with illness, and by the time healers were summoned he was too far down the dark road to bring back. At his death, the healers whispered that he had been poisoned.
Taking immediate possession of his fathers kingship, Mal proclaimed himself Mal Zor, the One, and ordered his step brother imprisoned for the crime of murder. The innocent Bren fled Healite and melted into the muted fabric of the common people, disappearing from the sight of the throne forever. Mal Zor assumed his stolen kingship without so much as a dagger raised in challenge and set about to become the richest and most powerful ruler ever known.
Then he discovered that the Blue Crystal was gone.
Enraged by the theft and with his power diminished, he first ordered legions to search everywhere, to ransack every house and inspect every corner, but no Blue Crystal was recovered. Finally Mal Zor had to concede that it was gone and he devised a new scheme. He enslaved the common people by scores and reopened the mines that had flourished before the Blood Star, searching for a new Blue Crystal, and sent thousands to their deaths in his quest for power. It was a terrible time, a time of fear and death and hopelessness.
Her voice trembled with remembered emotion.
It lasted far too long.
Regaining her composure, the old woman stared carefully at the faces around her, looking for and finding complete absorption. She nodded once with satisfaction.
Then one day, Mal Zors machine of greed progressed too far. His legions had enslaved all the useful people of Healite and the surrounding country so that they had to scour further and further for fresh slaves. Town by town, they attacked and fought and kidnapped, leaving despair and desolation behind them. Finally their campaign of destruction brought them to the tiny village of Cairgn.
In the firelight, the little childrens eyes grew wide. As they watched, the form before them seemed to shimmer and blur, the old womans face misting in the hearthglow, the skin seeming to smooth and soften. The firelight flickered across the womans features, reshaping them with gentle fingers into that of a woman much, much younger.
I lived there with my parents, she went on in a hollow voice, when the soldiers arrived. They began by shouting, demanding that everyone come to the center yard for inspection, and herding slow ones with jabs of their lances. Their horrible drogues, those armored war-beasts, frightened us with their snarling and stamping. We huddled terrified in the village clearing, awaiting our fate. I was never so afraid in my life.
Still the fire did its magic, and its sculpting of the woman smoothed the wrinkles from her forehead and firmed her sagging skin. Memories brought her color up high, and her nostrils flared.
Then they burned, she said in a hard voice. Burned our cottages to rout the sick and hiding. Anyone who attempted to resist was impaled on a red crystal sword or crushed beneath the heavy claws of a drogue. Women screamed and cried. We little ones whimpered. Cottages burned and fell in on themselves, the straw curling to cinders and the blocks crumbling away.
Her breathing quickened with purpose. The hands that clutched the arms of her chair were taut with emotion, yet looked rounded and smooth where before had been only bones clad in wrinkled skin.
I was there when it all started, she breathed. I saw  the beginning.
And in her eyes, the children thought they could see the magic image of a riotous burning cottage.


Chapter I
THE entire village keened, the mourning cries coming not from the blackened houses or the trampled yards but seemingly from the village itself. It rose like a low, mournful wail and mingled with the smoke that wafted ghostlike on the late afternoon breeze.
At first Jared thought it was the sighing of the wind, but the trees and grasses moved only slightly as he trudged beside his meador up the hill toward home. After plowing all day beyond the ridge, both the young man and the lumbering bovine moved slowly. The docile meador paid scant attention to the distant wail, and Jared was too spent by the long hours of work to go chasing off after wind tricks. He still had many more days of plowing to go before he could plant their spring garden.
Only nineteen, the boy had more in the way about him of a much older soul. The eldest of three, he had always been a serious, conscientious boy, more mindful of necessities than his younger brother and sister. Upon their fathers death some years back, he had willingly shrugged on the mantle of responsibility, caring for his family as he felt sure his father would have done. It was a harsh life, eking out a living at the edge of the unsettled wilderness, but like his father, Jared had found satisfaction in doing what needed to be done. After the garden was planted, he needed to fix that leak in the roof and maybe then shore up that earthen dam on the pond  
At the crest of the hill, his fatigue and mindless planning fell away from his shoulders like a forgotten cloak.
Blood Star at noon! he swore incredulously. What had happened? Had he stepped through a wizard warp into a mirror world of darkness? Could that really be Cairgn below, charred and blackened like a lightning struck tree? In all his nineteen years he had never seen such destruction. The village looked like a war zone. Throwing down his meador switch and leaving the slow draught animal to plod after him, he began to run down the hill.
It was worse up close. The stench of burning straw and wood mingled with the disagreeable odors of blood and fear. Each cottage he passed was no more than a smoldering mound of unrecognizable char amid cracked rectangles of stone. The whimpering was everywhere. It emanated from forms crouched painfully before their ruined homes, from lone figures that wandered mindlessly amid the destruction, and from the cloaked form of his mother in the shadow of her family hell.
Jared stepped up beside her, dazed.
Mother?
She turned a ravaged face to him, stained with tears and streaked with dirt. Her dark eyes were no more than empty shadows.
What happened here? Jared whispered.
A low moan prefaced her words. Kingsmen, taking slaves for the mines. She shook her head at the destruction around them, but then suddenly seemed to focus and realized this was her eldest child beside her and her despair transformed into the slimmest sense of gratitude. She laid a loving hand along her tall sons angular cheek and peered gratefully into his clear gray eyes. They missed you, she said with a trace of quiet wonder. Thank the stars they missed you.
Jared glanced about anxiously, the full scope of the events still eluding him. Where are Brye and Aradia? he asked irritably. Why arent they here with you?
His mothers face sagged at the mention of her younger children, as if she folded in on herself under the weight of her returning grief.
Gone, she whispered. Her chin quivered again.
Gone? Gone where? Jared shifted uneasily. I dont understand.
They took them. The soldiers.
Jared felt a cold weight against his lungs, crushing the breath from his body, numbing him. Took them?
To the mines, his mother said.
The mines.
Hed heard of it, of course, heard of the cruel abduction of whole villages all for the pursuit of a mythical Blue Crystal that no one had ever seen, but that all happened very far awaynot here. It was only rarely that a resident of Cairgn even saw a kingsman, much less felt the sting of a lance or suffered the foul stench of a drogue. To have the reality of the nightmare inflicted upon them so suddenly and terribly was almost beyond comprehension. Jared reeled from it.
They cant do that! he said, more to himself than anyone else. Its not right. They cant do it!
It was Told, his mother reminded him miserably. Until a new One uncovers the Blue Crystal and defeats Mal Zor, this is how it will be. It was Told.
Angered by the frustration he felt, Jared clenched his work-worn hands into fists. He whirled and faced the northward road, the way toward far Healite.
Im going after them, he resolved. Ill free them and bring them back.
His mother let out a stricken sound. No! It is impossible! You could never succeed.
Jareds look wavered slightly, then hardened. Whether I succeed or not, I have to try. I cant let them be taken and do nothing. He scanned the broken woman before him. Can you really accept so easily that they are gone?
Jared immediately regretted his hasty words, seeing the unquenchable pain in his mothers eyes. No one ever returns when they are taken by kingsmen, she said with a chilling finality. There is nothing to be done on that accord. Jared, you are all I have left now. It is only a miracle that you were plowing beyond the ridge and not seen or they would have taken you, as well. You cant leave me alone.
The thought of himself a slave, dragged to the mines to be brutally used until an early, desperate death, sent a chill through him. And even his quick vow to fight the kingsmen and free his family would more than likely bring a similar death rather than the justice he craved. He looked about at the ruin that was his village and thought more about facing the kings animals that had brought about the destruction. These were battle-hardened men, mature men with powerful drogues and red-crystal lances and no sense of fairness. He was a simple farmer who had not yet gained his full growth, who had never raised a knife to more than jesskies, those marauding, ever-present rodents. Looking back at his mother, he realized she would never fault him for not taking up this challenge. If he stayed safe here in Cairgn, she would never think less of him for not going after his brother and sister. She would praise the stars that he was still beside her.
But how would he feel? Relieved that he was alive, knowing that his escape had been bought with the lives of his siblings? He couldnt imagine sitting by the fire every night while the specters of Brye and Aradia crouched in the shadows behind him. 
He shook his head, hoping to throw off the chill of that vision. You are not alone, Mother, he said with a quiet resolve. You have the others left by the soldiers. You can comfort one another and begin rebuilding for the time I return with Brye and Aradia.
His mother stared aghast at him. You would leave me with no children at all? When I am already bereft of two of my children, you would take the last remaining one from me as well? Jared, have you no pity for your mother?
His dark eyes softened and he hugged her gently to him. Im sorry, Mother, but pity is useless here. If I stayed, I could count myself only a shadow of a man. Dont ask me to stay, Mother. How proud can you be of a man who ignores such tyranny?
She was unconvinced. Jared, you are only a boy!
Nineteen, Mother, he reminded her grimly. Old enough to know that I cant close my eyes to this. He looked over his mothers shoulder at the broken denizens of Cairgn that straggled out of shadows to view the wreck of their village. Only older women, very young children and aged men. No one of fighting age who could help him. Hed have to go alone.
Help me get some things together, he said, setting her away from him. See if anyone has been able to salvage anything in the way of weapons and stores. How much time do the soldiers have on me?
Jared, no, his mother begged. Her hands clutched at the front of his shirt.
He covered her hands in a gentle yet firm grip. How much time? he asked again. His voice was at once soft but unyielding. Stricken as his mother was, he could not allow her to rationalize away his decision. 
At least an hour, she said. Too long for you to catch them.
Ill have to hurry then. He freed her, intent on his plans.  I hope someone has at least a dagger for me.
He began his scavenging, his mother crying forlornly after him.
He had very little in the way of daylight left to him by the time he was ready to set out. The westward hills were already darkened to indigo while the ones to the east were bathed in soft orange pastels. Straight ahead of him, the north road undulated up into the shadows of the mountains. A chill passed over him.
Jared, his mother said, touching his arm, is there nothing I can say to stop you?
He looked down at her, love and helplessness in his eyes. Beyond her, the rest of Cairgns unchosen stood watching, shifting nervously on uneasy legs. They were united in the depressing thought that this boy would go impatiently to his own death. Already they grieved for him as they grieved for the others taken.
No, Mother, he said slowly. There is nothing.
I have no children, then, she murmured. And she turned away from him.
Jared watched her for a brief moment, sensing the defeat of these people, the hopelessness. Their certainty of his failure angered him even as it chilled him. He clung to the anger so as to repress the fear.
Mother, he called. What would my father think of this? Would he think I am a fool?
She turned back, her figure bent and aged years by the days events. Still her eyes were suddenly sharp and she studied her tall, straight backed son. When had he changed from that skinny boy into this strong, slender man with clear gray eyes? He had his fathers sandy brown hair and strong sense of fairness.
He would think, she said in a voice that suddenly rang with pride, that no one had ever had a son so full of heart and courage. He would be proud.
Jared listened to the benediction in silence and stood a little taller. This time his mother did not turn away from him. The eyes of the group were on him, wonderingperhaps hoping?
May the stars keep you safe, his mother pronounced. Supporting murmurs came from some of the others. Their eyes shone.
Rebuild Cairgn, he advised them. When I return Ill have all your sons and daughters with me.
Touching the handle of the knife at his belt, he nodded farewell to them and started down the northward road.

As evening deepened, yellow crystals were unhooded in their brackets, and the great hall flickered alive. Castle slaves scurried about in their duties, heads bent, eyes down, and whispered away as quickly as possible. Mal Zor, the One, was in a foul mood and getting fouler by the minute.
Flanked by the tall narrow Windows of Color, Mal Zor brooded in his chair. The huge, heavy throne was carved of a single ironwood tree and inset with panels of both metal and crystal, yet still it was dwarfed by the thirty foot windows and eclipsed by the colors used in the pictures. Down either side of the great hall, the stories of the progression of the One were told in meticulously crafted colored glass. Each panel recounted a pivotal event in the history of the old ones, each chapter painted in vivid, crystalline colors that were second only to crystals themselves. The hall, its windows and the huge, elephantine throne were enough to reduce most men to awestruck silence.
Mal Zor, however, was unmoved.
Damn your magic! he cursed a gray robed man who stood before him, head inclined in a cursory bow.
I am sorry, my lord, the unruffled man said gravely. It is my wish only to warn you. If you would rather, I could keep my impulses to myself from now on.
Mal Zor fumed. Thats not what I wish and you know it. He wrapped a large, muscled hand around his beard and tugged on it impatiently. The beard was thick and wiry, black with twin streaks of white that grew from the downward slanted corners of his mouth. Mal Zors hair was similarly streaked, the white only serving to intensify the predominant black, and the two together an unwelcome reminder to him of time lost. His black eyes sparked at the wizard before him.
What sort of power? The Blue Crystal?
The wizard, his head still slightly bowed, hesitated. I ... do not think so. If it is, it is very far away. I think, rather, it is some lesser power. But I feel it seeking, advancing.
Mal Zor glanced around him at the windows and swore beneath his breath. The images of the old ones had no messages for him.
What if I commanded you to Tell for me? he demanded.
The wizard tilted his head agreeably at the suggestion. I would comply, of course, he said in a measured voice.
Mal Zor waited.
So did the wizard.
In a burst of restlessness, Mal Zor lurched from his throne and paced past the other man. His outfit, both the black garments and the leather accoutrements, showed signs of wear. The kingship was not getting any richer.
Well? he roared, arent you going to tell me the dangers? Arent you going to tell me how, if the Telling were disagreeable to me, it would come to pass nonetheless? Its your job to advise me, isnt it?
Yes, my lord, the wizard conceded. But I knew you were familiar with the drawbacks of a Telling, as you yourself have just recounted to me. It is my job, as you say, to advise but not to harangue, my lord.
Mal Zor regained his seat at the throne. You know I am tempted, he said. The mines appear no closer to their aim than when we started. I have been patient enough in the last twenty odd years. By the Blood Star, it would almost be worth the risk just to know theres an end to it!
The wizard remained silent, knowing as he did that his king often thought out loud. Unless he was called on for an answer, he gave none.
Mal Zor knew the wizard opposed his line of thought. And because the wizard had magic and he himself had none, he relented.
All right, he sighed. Tell me about this small power.
The wizard lifted his head. It is very weak or very far away, but it is against the kingship, my lord. I do not feel that it is a threat at this time but if unchecked, it could be later. I thought it best for you to know immediately. Sometimes it is better to take care of these things while they are small nettles. That way, they are never allowed to grow into dangerous saber thorns.
Yes, yes, of course, Mal Zor said, already distracted by other thoughts. Assemble a guard to go take care of it. You can tell them the direction, cant you?
Yes, my lord. Its southward.
All right. Mal Zor rose again, preparing to leave the hall. See to it.
The wizard inclined his head in assent.
Mal Zor studied the gray bearded man, a picture of stalwart allegiance. He knew better, though.
You think your king is easy enough to dissuade, Garth, he said evenly. But be advised, a Telling is not far from my mind. I may still demand it.
As you wish, my lord. Garth raised his glittering eyes to meet his kings directly. As you command, I shall do.
Yes, and be the first to throw me over if that is the way of the Telling.
My lord, the wizard said in mock surprise, it would not serve me to throw you over. His chin tilted upward, on an equal level with the darker man. We need each other, my lord. To serve you is to serve myself. The powers we both seek can be used best if yoked to the same cart, and that cart, my lord, will carry us to a height that beings have never before attained.
Mal Zor frowned in thought. If only that were a Telling, he said, and not the dream of two aging men.
Turning on his heel, he strode from the great hall.


###

Back to Table of Contents

Ghost Stories

Stones Ghost
Chapter 1

THE Javalina Cantina had still not quite hit fever pitch when Matt pushed through the door and walked out into the heat that shimmered up from the asphalt parking lot. He wasnt sure which was worse: the stale, dead air inside the bar or the stifling heat outside. While midnight was only minutes away, the asphalt still held a store of heat from the day that it released consistently throughout the night. The high humidity of the summer rainy season kept the air thick and cloying, making him feel almost as if he were trying to breathe through a wet towel over his face. There was no getting around the fact that July in Lake Havasu, Arizona, was just plain ugly. 
Not that his customers cared. Owner of a water sports shop, Matt Stone did a brisk business this time of year with Sea-Doo and Waverunner rentals, bathing suit sales and all other things wet and fun. While older folks, snow birds, flew north for the summer back to Michigan or Washington, the younger generation more than made up for the lack by invading Lake Havasu with plenty of money and beer coolers in hand. As long as California did not slide off into the ocean, Matt couldnt help but make money.
Hey, Simon called, bursting through the door behind him. Youre not going, are you? Simon Alvarez was one of Matts employees, shorter and stockier and full of energy. Simon spent a good part of his workday checking out the tourists on the personal watercraft, making sure they could function out in the water without killing themselves or losing the craft. His hours in the Arizona sun just turned his normally brown skin even darker. He and Matt occasionally ended a night at the bar, decompressing from the business of the day.
I havent decided yet, Matt said. Hed stepped outside to clear his head of the smoke, the noise, the smells, but heading home was sounding more appealing as the moments went by. He was a little tired of all the commotion inside.
Its still early, Simon said. Come on back in and have another beer. Simons words were only slightly slurred; he was obviously not quite parboiled yet.
Tomorrows Saturday, Matt reminded him. We open at seven. Id like to get a little sleep before then.
Seven? Simon groaned. Oh, shit, this is Friday, isnt it? Damn.
You go back in if you want, but I will see you at seven, Matt suggested heavily, his ice blue eyes as cool as shadowed snow. 
Simon mulled over his choices. Younger than Matt by several years, he was not that far removed from the college crowd they served; finally the lure of one more beer won out. Ill be there, he said. But in the meantime ... Smiling crookedly, he disappeared back into the depths of the bar.
Matt just shook his head. He felt old. At thirty he was no senior citizen, but sometimes the demands on his life weighed him down. The store, his mother, Carrie  How did he end up being Mr. Responsible? He used to be more like Simon, more willing to close down a bar than walk away from one. He glanced back at the cantina, hearing the music and laughter inside. Truth be told, he didnt even want to go back in, so it wasnt as if he were denying himself. Tonight he just felt  tired.
Sighing, he walked to his car and lowered his tall, lean frame into the sleek sedans front seat. Turning the key, he remembered when the low, throaty rumble of the V-8 soothed him like nothing else. Not tonight. He pulled out of the deserted parking lot and headed for the London Bridge and home.
The London Bridge, he decided as he drove up the approach, had to be the ultimate in kitsch. Leave it to an American to bring the storied stone bridge from England and plop it down over a spit of river in the southwest desert. Before that, Lake Havasu City was nothing but a trailer park beside the Colorado River; now it was known everywhere because it had THE BRIDGE. The aged span sported Union Jacks and ornate lamp posts at intervals, objects more at home with bone-chilling fog than the hot desert air that bleached out the colors and faded the metal. It was the ultimate incongruity
Suddenly a dark form, blacker than the night sky and human-shaped, appeared directly in front of his car. He had no time to jam on the brakes or swerve, although he did both, but before the car could respond he had barreled directly over or through the thing standing in the road. Immediately hauling the sedan over to the side of the road, he set the brake and popped the car into neutral. Without even checking for traffic, he scrambled from the car and ran back to see what he had hit. He just prayed to God it wasnt dead.
Heart pounding, he searched the dark roadway. It was empty. No trace of anything wet on the pavement that might have been blood, not even a stain. Even his frantic braking had not left a mark. He glanced further down the road to see if a truck or a bus had preceded him, perhaps belching exhaust or smoke, but there were no other moving vehicles anywhere. He considered a low-hanging cloud but knew no cloud ever looked like that, black and almost solid. He scanned the lanes in both directions, searched the sidewalks on both sides. Nothing. He even glanced over the sides of the bridge, noting that the ripples in the water below reflected only the normal flow of the river, nothing like what he would expect if something had fallen or jumped from the bridge. There was no evidence that there had been anything there at all.
Breathing deeply, still shaking, he shook his head as if to clear it. He wasnt that loaded. He hadnt even finished his second beer. How could he have imagined something so real? He hadnt been nodding off; he wasnt sleepy before and certainly was not now. There was no reason for him to see something that wasnt there. He looked again westward down the roadway toward the island; nothing there at all, not even a leaf moved in the heavy air. It just didnt make any sense.
He walked uneasily back to the car and examined it. The front was unmarred and shiny, as clean as the day he washed it last week. There were no dents, no bits of fur or fabric caught in the grille. He remembered the fleeting sense of the dark shape coming at the windshield but when he examined it, there were no scratches, no marks. There was nothing to indicate he had encountered anything at all. 
This is nuts, he said to himself. Wiping his face with a still shaking hand, he pushed the shock of thick black hair off his forehead. His reaction, the way he felt, was completely at odds with the fact that there was nothing there. Obviously there was no reason to stay, no reason to search anymore, yet he felt leaving would be irresponsible somehow. He had an uneasy sense of incompletion, yet  what was there for him to do? 
Theres nothing here, he said out loud. His own voice ringing in the emptiness of the night irritated him. Screw it, he said finally and got back into the car. Checking his mirrors, looking around in all directions, he slid the gearshift into first and pulled slowly away from the curb. Gaining speed gradually, he continued to monitor his rear view mirror as he drove on across the bridge. 
He saw nothing else all the rest of the way home.

The next morning Matt was focused squarely on what would be another busy day. The crappy taste in his mouth was the only reminder of last night and he scrubbed that away before he left the house. Already the sun was blazing and tourists were flocking to the English Village. He had no room in his mind for anything but the store.
He was fortunate that his place, FunRunners, was one of the few that had riverfront access. Because he maintained his own dock in front of the store, his watercraft could be taken out directly, eliminating any need for his customers to wait their turn at the crowded boat ramp. That added to the fact that his store was only steps away from the English Village, an arrangement that couldnt be better. As long as he kept his prices competitive, he had more business than he could handle.
Bruce Glazer, his mechanic, was already in the back shop working on a Sea-Doo that tended to crap out in rough wakes. Having that one down left Matt with only two units unreserved for the day, so it would be first come, first served for those. With the forecast high standing at 104, he was sure those would go quickly. On hot, muggy days like this, everyone wanted to hit the water early. 
Any chance of having that one back in the water later today? he asked Bruce. The older man, a scrawny Harley bum, frowned as he assessed the Sea-Doo. His thinning long hair was caught back in a pony tail, a bandana tied around his forehead. Tall and thin, he bore an uncanny resemblance to Icabod Crane in jeans and t-shirt. He already had grease on one cheek and up one arm to the elbow. Bruce had the mind of an engineer and the instincts of an inventor. Matt knew more than one machine in his fleet had Harley parts on it. If anyone could get the machine straightened out, Bruce could. 
Maybe, he allowed finally. He didnt bother to face Matt, still glaring at the machine before him. I still havent figured out why the choke keeps closing up.
Well, do what you can, Matt asked. Bruce nodded and took his wrench to the Sea-Doo at a different angle, already beginning his process of elimination.
Matt let himself into the store and locked the door behind him. Only 6:45 A.M.; he still had fifteen minutes of peace. Already the tourists were strolling the riverfront, cups of coffee in hand. He had no doubt by the time the clock struck seven, thered be a knot of them standing at the door. 
He started his own pot of coffee in the office and glanced through the mail from yesterday. Bills, junk mail, sales offers. Everyone wanted a piece of a successful business, he thought. But of course being successful was infinitely better than being a failure; then, no one wanted anything to do with you. He had to admit, he had damn little to complain about.
He poured himself a short cup of coffee and sipped it as he stood looking out at the river. The sun glinted sharply off the waves that spread out behind boats already cruising up or down river. It was definitely going to be a hot one today. He was surprised to see a few small clouds hugging the southern horizon. Maybe the thunderstorms that built up over Mexico during the day would actually bring a chance of rain. Probably not. Automatically he glanced at the flags that fluttered from the London Bridge. Breeze blowing out of the east; might be a chance for showers after all.
Noticing the tourists strolling across the bridge reminded him of that incident last night. What the hell was that, he wondered again. He could still remember that gut-squeezing feeling as the front of his car shot through the shadowy thing. Hed never hit anything substantial with a car yet and after last night, he hoped he never did. That was as close a call as hed ever want.
The door opened to the chime of the bell above it and Susie Gee came in. Closing and re-locking the door behind her, she breezed past Matt to the office.
Hey, boss, she said lightly. You look deep in thought. Whats up?
Morning, Susie, Matt said. Just gearing up for the day.
Yeah, itll be a busy one, she said from the office. She stashed her small pack in the bottom drawer of the file cabinet, then got herself a cup of coffee and joined Matt near the window, her khaki shorts and logo-embroidered dark blue polo shirt an exact match for Matts. Mid-twenties, small and petite, Susie was a live wire. Matt had liked her energy and sense of humor enormously when hed interviewed her, and he had guessed she would be a good addition to the store. He had not been wrong. She never flagged, not even after a long day, and always gave friendly personal attention to customers, be it 7 A.M. or 4:45 P.M. She also kept the employees in lineincluding Mattand was not the least bit afraid of confrontation. Her small stature might fool someone at first, but people quickly found out that if Susie had a problem, it would be dealt with. She took no crap from anyone. Anyone who took her small form at face value did so at their own peril.
The way you were staring at the bridge, I thought you saw something, she said.
Matt glanced at her sharply. Saw something?
Yeah, she said, her almond-shaped eyes intent on his face. Why? Whats going on? You look  anxious.
Matt fought with himself. Leave it to Susie to pick up on the subtle nuances of his feelings. She was good at that and seldom let it pass. There was once a point where her sensitivity and caring seemed hugely desirable to him and hed seriously considered dating her. He had thought then that any advance on his part would not be rebuffed, but common sense had prevailed and hed kept his distance. Now she was probably his closest female friend, no small feat for a man who tended to hold almost everything in. 
He debated about lying to her but thought better of it. He was a lousy liar, anyway.
I did see something, he began finally, last night. I was coming across the bridge from the cantina and there was something in the road. I went right through it.
Oh, not a dog, I hope. Susie was soft-hearted to a fault and couldnt bear to see any animal in pain. I get so mad at these yo-yos that let their dogs run loose.
Yeah, I remember, Matt smiled. Once Susie had seen a dog just barely miss being hit by a car outside the shop and she had rushed out to check on the dog, then launched into a tirade on responsible pet ownership just inches from the face of the luckless owner. Whether the lecture had made an impression in the long run they would never know, but at least the guy had leashed his dog before he slunk away, clearly embarrassed by the pint-sized dynamo that had attacked him. 
Oh, yeah, Susie grinned, knowing full well to which incident Matt alluded. Well, you know how I am.
That I do, Matt agreed. But, no, this wasnt a dog. I dont know what it was. When I went back to look, there was nothing there.
Susie frowned. What do you mean, nothing there? Did it jump off the bridge?
Matt shook his head. I checked over the sides of the bridge and there was no disturbance in the water on either side. There was no blood, no marks, nothing. Whatever it wasand it was bigit just disappeared.
Big like a Great Dane? she asked, obviously still visualizing a dog.
No. Matt paused. He wasnt sure he really wanted to say this out loud. Susie waited. It looked  when I first saw it, I thought  a person was standing there.
Susies eyes widened slightly. A person? she echoed. And you hit it?
Matt sipped his coffee, not meeting her eyes. He could guess how nuts that sounded. I cant say that I really hit it, he qualified. There was no impact, no bump. But I went right through it. I didnt have time to stop. It just appeared in front of my car and I plowed right through it. He finally glanced over at her, his blue eyes hard. And I wasnt loaded. Id just left the cantina, but I only had one beer.
Susie dismissed that; she knew Matt rarely overindulged. But what did it look like? she pressed. Was it a man or a woman? Could you see the face?
He shook his head. It was just  black. It was just a shape, like a silhouette, but it looked like it had substance. I was sure it was a person, but beyond that, I couldnt tell.
Susie straightened with a sudden thought, one hand on his arm. Oh, you know what? That could have been the Lady in Black!
Lady in Black? As Matt said it, he remembered something hed read ages ago, something buried in the tourist guide throw-arounds that were available on every corner. You mean the ghost?
Yeah, Susie nodded, clearly excited by the prospect. The lady ghost that came over with the bridge from London. That would explain why there was nothing there when you went back. You know, they have those ghost tours every evening on the bridge. Wow, that is very cool to see a real ghost. I wish I could see one.
See one what? Simon asked as he slid around the door. Hey, did you know its after seven? Do you want this door still locked? 	
Matt snapped to attention, secretly relieved that opening time would forestall further discussion. No, go ahead and leave it open, he said. He tossed his paper cup into the trash. Im sure our public awaits.
	
The day was much as they had expected. All the watercraft were rented out by 8:30 and they had to turn away several groups of late arrivals. They did a brisk business in snorkel and fin rentals, sold some knee boards and even a windsurf board. By 2 P.M. things had started to wind down. 
Matt felt his cell phone vibrate and checked the screen. It was a text message from Carrie, short and direct: Lunch? He ducked into the office and closed the door, then dialed her number.
How is it, he asked, that you know the exact moment I have time to even think about lunch?
Carrie laughed. My ESP must be working today. I figured youve probably been so busy you havent eaten a thing, but by now you ought to be able to get away. Let Susie and Simon take care of things for a bit and meet me at the Rose. The Rose was a Tudor-styled pub and sandwich shop in the English Village. It was close and quick, even if the lunch fare had become less than inspiring over time.
Be there in ten minutes, he told her. 
Make it five, she said. Ive got a table by the front window.
Matt walked briskly to the Rose; now that he allowed himself to think about food, his stomach began protesting the lack. He was also anxious to see Carrie. She hadnt felt well Friday night so skipped the gathering at the Javalina. The last time they spent any time together was Wednesday night. Their work schedules played hell with their social calendar. Matts weekends were his busiest time, while Carrie Maitland was a loan officer at a local finance company with weekends off. Matt usually managed to take a couple days off during the week as his weekend, but of course Carrie was working then. In the five months theyd been seeing each other, they had managed to eke out enough time together to be comfortable and to realize there was something there worth continuing. 
As promised, she was waiting at a table just inside the door. Slender and athletic, her head capped with dark, curly hair, she looked younger than her twenty-seven years. Dressed in shorts and a breezy camp shirt, she could have been just another college student lazing away the summer. Matt strode to her and leaned down to kiss her warmly. The scent of her brought back memories of Wednesday night.
Mmm, she said when he seemed reluctant to pull away from her. Absence must make the heart grow fonder. 
Matt smiled guiltily and took his place across the table from her. We did miss you at the cantina last night, he admitted. Glad youre feeling better today.
Yeah, my stomach was just a little upset, but it didnt last. I think I must be fighting off some bug. Not a big deal, but Im sure beer would not have helped. She smiled.
Matt was struck again by how her smile seemed to brighten an otherwise drab day. She had a peacefulness about her, a serenity, that captivated him. He reached across the table and took her hand. I could come over tonight and cook you some chicken soup, he offered. 
She tilted her head at him. I do believe you would, she said quietly.
The waitress interrupted them for their order, jotted it down and then just as quickly retreated. Both Matt and Carrie sat back in their chairs, the fragile moment set aside.
Is there anything youd like to do tonight? Matt asked. Although their schedules were mismatched, Saturday night seemed to be the one stretch of time they could count on. Whether they went out or stayed in at either his place or hers, he couldnt remember the last Saturday night hed spent without her.
I was thinking we could barbeque, she offered. I picked up some steaks this morning, and corn on the cob. I could do a salad. Sound good?
Sounds perfect, he sighed. He could already feel himself decompressing.
Busy day? she asked. 
Typical, he admitted. Ass over tea kettle all morning, then it slows down.
I still think you should hire an extra body during the summer, she said. It would certainly ease some of the strain.
It would, Matt agreed, but Id hate like hell to lay someone off in the winter when things slow down. Granted, they dont slow down much, but enough so that Susie, Simon and I can handle it without a problem.
You could hire a student, she suggested. There are plenty of river bums here that could use a paycheck. 
Probably, he allowed, but no telling what their work ethic would be like. You know me.
She laughed. Yes, I do, Mr. Integrity. At his sheepish look, she leaned closer and added, Dont worry; thats a trait I find highly admirable. 
When theyd first started dating she had thought Matt was driven and ambitious, a combination she was not sure she could meld with. It took her some months to realize that he was in fact driven, but ambition was not the driver. Matts business acumen and sense of fair play had led him to build a highly successful business, one he could easily expand, perhaps even taking over some of the other sports shops in the city, but that sort of expand-and-conquer mentality was not part of his make-up. She realized he was driven less by greed or power and more by his own sense of perfectionism. Whether he was a small business owner, CEO of a global corporation or a dogcatcher, he simply believed in doing a job, doing it to the best of his ability and doing it fairly. 
Youre just not used to it, he chided. 
Thats the truth. My ex-husband wouldnt even be able to spell integrity, much less model it. Her ex had been fun-loving, impulsive and a gambling addict. Their marriage had lasted less than a year. She was lucky to get out of it before he completely drained her savings account.
Well, it has its down side, too, Matt admitted. I know some people think Im tight-assed, a workaholic. He shrugged. Maybe I am. 
The waitress laid their sandwich plates in front of them. Matt immediately reached for the ketchup for his fries. Carrie pulled half the lettuce out of her sandwich to get it down to a manageable size. 
Maybe you are, she said slowly, but I never have to wonder if youre telling me the truth or not. 
Matt looked up, expecting to see her clear gray eyes on him, but she kept her head down. He understood how meaningful that casually spoken sentence was to her. He reached across and captured one of her hands, forcing her to look at him.
And you never will, he added.
She nodded. I know that.


###

Back to Table of Contents
Burning Through
Chapter 1

THE Stinsons pulled up to the curb in front of the house and parked, Robert in his BMW sedan, Jennifer behind him in her sportier Toyota SUV. She grabbed her purse and her small overnight bag and climbed out of the car quickly. They could come back for the clothes hung across the back seat and the larger suitcases; she wanted to see the house.
In all her thirty years, she had never been as excited about a house as she was about this one. A curious mixture of Victorian and Midwest farmhouse, the upper structure rose elegantly above the square first floor, its gabled roof and widow's walk an odd contrast to the stacked rock of the front porch supports. The house was either the masterful melding of two different styles or the work of a schizophrenic architect, depending on one's viewpoint.
Jen actually could not say exactly what it was that drew her to the house. If pressed, she could point out the finer features of the carved newels that lined the widow's walk railing, the lovely cornflower blue color that mirrored the Nebraska sky overhead, but the truth was that it was more nebulous than that. All the separate pieces came together in an indefinable but comforting way. It just felt like home to her.
She walked briskly up the front walkway, mounted the five wide steps and waited a trifle impatiently for Robert to bring the key.
Her husband struggled with the large suitcase hed pulled from the Beamers trunk, dragging it noisily up the steps. This place needs a frickin ramp, he declared testily. 
Jen dismissed his comment and the negative emotions that went with it. She wasnt going to allow his mood to leach away her excitement. Suppressing the urge to bounce up and down on the balls of her feet, she waited until Robert turned the key and pushed open the door, then stepped happily into her new home.
The dining room was to her right while the living room opened up to her left. Straight ahead was the hallway that led to the back rooms, next to the stairs that rose to the upper floor. Her shoes tapped lightly on the wood floor of the entryway, then silenced on the slate blue carpet of the living room. The new carpet smell was a bit strong, but airing out the place would take care of that. She put a hand to the freshly painted off-white wall. Maybe some wainscoting with a light colored wallpaper beneath? Her mind was already turning with decorating ideas. 
Where do you want this? Robert asked, his hand still on the handle of the suitcase.
Jen tore her attention from the living room. The master bedroom, she said. We can hang our clothes up and put the suitcases in the closet so theyll be out of the movers way.
I hope they get here when they said they would, Robert groused. Pulling the rolling suitcase behind him, he moved off down the hall.
Jen sighed. She knew he wasnt as keen about this as she was; he was still angry about being assigned to this rural sales route. The new CEO of Copper Creek Industries, a young forward-thinking go-getter, had shaken up the structure of the company completely and had apparently decided that Robert was no longer a good fit for his prior route in the outlying area around Albany. Robert had been offered this northwestern quadrant of Nebraskaor he was free to look for opportunities elsewhere. At first the couple was dismayed to realize that the largest town near the center of the route was Alliance with a population of just 10,000, but the clean, friendly city had appealed to Jen on their first reconnaissance trip, and finding this house had cemented it for her. Robert was less convinced.
Feeling as if the house itself helped to shore her up against his venting annoyance, she took her overnight case into the bedroom and began to help Robert hang up clothes.

The movers arrived just after noon and the quiet stillness of the house was shattered by the constant movement and shouting of the men as they jockeyed furniture into place. Jen stationed herself at the entryway, directing men this way and that, while Robert tended to follow after them to make sure they placed the furniture correctly and didnt ding the walls as they did so. The living room began to take agreeable shape with the sofa and chairs set around the coffee table but the dining room set was almost too much for the dining area. The formal dining table and six chairs had been perfect in their large Albany apartment, but here the heavy, dark furniture almost overpowered the small space allotted for it. Luckily, the smaller, lighter kitchen table and chairs fit perfectly into the small breakfast nook at the back of the kitchen. 
The master bedroom was elegance itself with the king bed against the inside wall and facing the two back windows with their chiffon curtains, the matching cherry wood dresser on the side wall opposite the closet. The two upstairs rooms adapted easily to their roles as small spare bedroom and office; each had its own front window that looked out over the widows walk and the quiet street below. Jen was already imagining pictures on the walls and found herself itching to tear into the boxes that piled up in each room.
The best thing about the house was the fact that it did not need major restoration. Built in the 1920s, the house had undergone both plumbing and electrical upgrading earlier in its lifetime, and the inspectors had not found any structural issues at all. With all its underpinnings intact, the house was almost like a bare canvas, just waiting for Jen to sweep across it with color and accent. 
When shed majored in art in college, she hadnt thought too much about the practical application of her degree, but the intern job at an interior design company had changed all that. Suddenly all the theories of light and shadow and color that she intuitively understood had morphed into tangible, three-dimensional things: furniture, molding, windows and walls. When shed graduated and the intern job had led to full-time employment, she found she had money left to prowl thrift shops and estate sales, and she eventually rented a corner of an antiques store where she could showcase her treasures and make a small profit. Her first venture into home-ownership had been a small bungalow with a large service porch on the back that she had converted into her studio. It was there she learned the intricacies of cleaning antiques without removing the patina of age, and her appreciation of design and craftsmanship increased tenfold. Her eye for value improved as well, and she realized she had a knack for finding valuables in a sea of junk. The entire processthe hunting, the buying, the cleaning, the resellingwas an immense satisfaction to her that she had never imagined in her younger years.
Probably the largest factor in this Alliance homeat least for herwas the carriage house out back. Converted to a garage decades ago, it also had a second room that ran the length of the garage with large windows and a slate floor. It was the perfect place for Jen to continue her handiwork, and because Roberts job paid inordinately well, she was free to spend all her time doing just that.
For her, this house was perfection.
The movers had the truck completely empty by five oclock, and the few adjustments that had to be made in furniture location were quickly accomplished. By the time the truck backed out of the driveway and rumbled down the street, Jen was already unpacking kitchen utensils and thinking about dinner.
What do you think? she asked Robert as she smoothed down shelf paper and then stacked plates in cupboards. Go to the store and get stuff for dinner and breakfast, or just go out to dinner and shop tomorrow?
Robert leaned his small, spare frame against the kitchen counter and pulled on his lower lip thoughtfully, then opened the refrigerator door and surveyed the empty space inside. 
Well have to get a few things tonight, he said, but Im hungry. Lets go to dinner, then stop on the way home and pick up the necessities.
That sounds like a deal, Jen nodded. When do you want to go? I need to take a shower and change clothes.
Me, too, he said. 
Why dont you take the downstairs bathroom and Ill go upstairs? she suggested. Thatll save us a little time.
Good idea, Robert said.
Jen put the last of the plates in the cupboard and tossed the empty box into the service porch with the others. Following Robert to the bedroom, she grabbed clean underwear and her robe. While he disappeared into the bathroom, she mounted the steps to the upstairs.
The upstairs bathroom was long and narrow, running along the back wall of the upper story, but it had a double sink, a large mirror and a huge linen closet. She took a fresh towel from the linen closet and started the shower running. It would feel good to wash the grime from her body. Shed have to wash her shoulder-length hair, but it would dry quickly. As she undressed, she noticed that shed broken a fingernail. Probably wouldnt be the last. She opened the hammered glass shower door and stepped into the warm water. She had a feeling she would absolutely die when her head hit the pillow tonight. 
Sudsing her hair, she noticed the nice, even spray of the showerhead. That was a surprise. She hoped the same kind was in the downstairs bath. She liked the tile in the shower, too; it was a warm tan with veins of a darker chocolate color marbled through. 
As she washed, she began to notice a prickly feeling crawling across her skin, as if eyes were watching her. She shrugged it off, but glanced over her shoulder through the steamy hammered glass door. There was a shape in the doorway. 
Oh, come on, she thought tiredly. Im not taking that long. She backed under the shower spray and rinsed the shampoo from her hair. When shed cleared the water from her face, she looked again toward the doorway. It was empty.
She finished up and toweled off quickly. When she went downstairs to the bedroom, Robert was nowhere in sight, but his aftershave hung in the air. She dressed quickly in jeans, flats and a black turtleneck. Robert was one inch shorter than her 59, so over time she had gradually switched over to more flats rather than heels, which was no hardship for her. She pulled her light brown hair back in a damp pony tail and grabbed her purse. 
She paused in the open front doorway, the knob in her hand. Robert was hunkered down beside the Beamer, wiping a splash of dirt from behind the rear wheel well. 
Do you have the keys? she called. She didnt want to lock them out of the house on their first day.
Standing, Robert held up the keychain and jingled it. Jen pulled the door closed and walked briskly to the car.
Where to? Robert asked as he fired up the Beamer. His close-cut black hair still had a sheen of dampness to it, and it lay flat against his head. He slid the sedan into gear as she clicked her seat belt and then pulled slowly away from the curb. 
Jen tried to remember what theyd seen in town. We could go to that steakhouse, she said. Or that Italian place we tried last time we were here. That was good.
Robert considered the choices. Steak sounds better, he said finally.
Yes, it does, Jen agreed. I think weve both worked up quite an appetite today. You do realize, she noted, that we never ate lunch?
Robert glanced over at his wife in surprise. Youre right, he laughed. No wonder Im starving.
The Cattlemans Steakhouse, like most of the restaurants in town, lay along Route 2 that bisected the town from east to west. As they drove toward the urban area, Jen was thankful their place was closer to the outskirts of town. In mid-April, the evening sky was still pristinely clear, and she had a feeling the sky above the widows walk would be hung with stars when they returned home. It would be a dramatically different view than the washed-out sky over Albany. 
Theres a market right there, Robert noted as he turned into the restaurants parking lot. We can stop there on the way home.
Jen nodded, noticing a drug store and a hardware store in the same shopping center. Small town or not, Alliance seemed to have everything theyd need. 
The parking lot of Cattlemans was fairly full, not surprising for a Friday night, but when they walked in, the hostess was there to seat them immediately. Good thing, too, with the hearty aromas of mesquite-grilled beef hanging heavy in the air. 
Mulling over the menu, Jens eyes jumped from item to item, each one looking better than the last. I think I want one of everything, she said finally. 
Their waitress, dressed in jeans, a western shirt and cowboy boots, came to take their order. 
Hows the buffalo steak? Robert asked. 
The waitress hesitated. Have you ever had buffalo? she asked instead.
Nope. 
Its not like beef, she cautioned. Its not as tender.
Not tender as in  chewy? Jen asked. 
The waitress hesitated again. It can be, she allowed. Its somewhat of an acquired taste.
Ill have the Porterhouse, Robert said, closing his menu. Im too hungry to acquire anything.
Ill have the T-bone, Jen said, silently agreeing with Robert. A day like today was not a day to try something new and potentially disappointing.
Ill have those right out for you, the waitress said.
Jen studied her husband. His ice blue eyes looked as intent as ever, but slight shadows rimmed them. She felt sure he hadnt been sleeping well, even before the move. At least now with that behind them, that was one less worry. 
She glanced around. The walls were paneled with knotty pine and hung with branding irons and steer horns. Every table sported old coffee cans full of peanuts still in the shell.
They sure get into the whole open range cattle thing here, she noted, keeping her voice light. 
Robert smirked. I guess if youre stuck out here in the middle of nowhere, youve got to find something to celebrate. 
Jen reached across the table for his hand. Give it a chance, Robert, she asked. Its a nice little town. I think we can do very well here.
Accent on the little, Robert muttered. He did, however, thread his fingers through hers. I still cant believe that little snot sent me here. Eight years of busting my balls and this is what I get? Cattle Central?
Jen hoped the food would come soon so they could avoid another meltdown. Evan Rodgers, the baby-faced CEO of Copper Creek and son of the president, was two years younger than Robert. Being sent down to the minors was one thing; being sent down by a rich kid with more college degrees than business experience was another thing entirely.
Hes just underestimated you, she said. Youll prove to him how good a salesman you are, even here.
And at least, Jen thought, he hadnt been forced to take a pay cut at the same time. That would have been the last straw, she was sure. Robert prided himself on the fact that he pulled down good money, that Jen would not have to look for a job in this backwater hick town. But she also knew that was little salve to Roberts wounded ego.
Oh, hell find out what I can do, Robert vowed smugly, but so will other companies. Im keeping my options open, and if any of the head-hunters I know come up with a better deal, well be out of here in a flash.
The waitress brought their food, eliminating the need for a response from Jen. She was just as glad. Much as she hated to see Robert depressed by this perceived demotion, she liked Alliance, loved the house and hoped to develop her antique business here. She suppressed a sigh. They would just have to see how it worked out.
The dinner was surprisingly good and they both ate until they were well sated. As much as Robert grumbled about Cattle Central, there was no denying they knew their way around a side of beef. 
Driving home, they were both blissfully quiet, and later, when they climbed into bed, Jen thought they might christen their new home with some lovemaking, but Robert simply rolled over and went to sleep. 
She was not far behind him.



###

Back to Table of Contents


Paranormal/Romance/Suspense

Fleischerhaus
Chapter 1
July, 2003

THE bucolic German countryside breezed by, wandering sheep and a few lazy cows in direct contrast to the racing bike Julia propelled over the dirt lane. Her blonde hair flying in the late July breeze, she couldnt get over how clear the air was here, how sharp everything looked. It was as if shed been living under water all her life and now suddenly shed been thrust up out of the bleary depths into startling clarity. She couldnt seem to get enough of it.
Jules, her friend Maggie laughed from her own bike, youd better watch the road. This isnt Venice Beach. If you hit a rock or a pothole while youre gawking around, youll go flying.
Chagrinned, Julia dragged her green eyes from the thickly forested hillsides and the rolling pastures. I can see why you love it here, she said. It really is gorgeous. I thought you were nuts when you said you and Denis were moving here.
Well, if youll remember, I wasnt completely crazy about the idea at first, but I have certainly come to love it, Maggie said. Like any born and bred Californian, I thought this was the back of beyond, but after a while I realized I enjoyed the peace and quiet, the lack of malls and freeways. It really is almost a fairy-tale existence.
Complete with Prince Charming, Julia noted. I think youd be happy living on a pig farm if you had Denis there with you.
Well, Maggie allowed cheerfully, that helps.
Julia fell silent, her friends quiet happiness in sharp relief against her own new emptiness. It still pained her to remember that gaping hole in her life where her own husband used to be. She wasnt sure what was worse, the loss of him or the fact that he had wandered so blithely, hardly even considering what his infidelity would do to her. She supposed that lack of consideration had actually underscored their entire married life, but shed never been forced to arm wrestle with it until he confessed to the affair. Why hadnt she seen it coming? Try as she might, she could not see the signs, even in the rear-view mirror. Had she been too nave? Had he been too smooth?
Im so sorry, Maggie said softly. Julia looked over to see the concern in her friends blue eyes and realized shed sunken into the now familiar silent reverie that seemed to occupy her every day. 
Shit, Mags, Im the one whos sorry, she said forcefully. Why my brain insists on climbing back onto that hamster wheel and rehashing the whole thing over and over again, Ill never know. I go over the same ground every time and it never changes, it never resolves, it never reduces down to an equation I can understand, accept and walk away from. I just keep going through it again and again.
Its only been a few months, Maggie reminded her gently. You dont undo eight years of life in six months.
I know, she sighed. But you know what the worst part is? I feel like I dont know whats real anymore, whats true. Hell, I thought we had a pretty good thing going, better than most. I mean, sure, there were days we werent on the same page, things we disagreed on, but all in all I thought we were pretty happy. To find out it wasnt that way at all  well, it just makes me wonder what else Im not seeing clearly. I dont trust my own judgment anymore. I see things one way and then wonder if theyre actually different. She shook her head. It really rocked me, a lot more than I would have believed.
I guess, Maggie said slowly, when you put it like that, it would be normal to start questioning everything, but I hope youre not being too hard on yourself. Youre one of the most down-to-earth people I know, Jules. Youve never been flaky, never been an airhead, so I dont think its fair to start rethinking everything youve ever believed. You never expected Jack to stray, so you werent looking for it. He did the unexpected. That doesnt invalidate everything you know.
Julia nodded, not completely convinced. I guess. She sighed. But I just hate sliding into that zone, obsessing about it at the drop of a hat. And I dont want you to feel like your happy marriage makes it worse for me. It doesnt. I love seeing you and Denis together. You guys are great. You two let me know that honest, respectful relationships really do exist. And the way Denis is with Maritahes definitely a keeper.
That he is, Maggie agreed happily, nodding her dark head. His offering to keep her today while we go exploring is pretty normal for him. Hes such a good dad, and Marita just adores him. Sometimes I feel a little pang over how close they are, but in a few months Ill have my hands full with the baby, so I dont think Ill have any room to complain.
I dont think so, either, Julia said, and her meaning was unmistakable. 
Both women had entered USC with no more ulterior motive than to get the education they needed to have the careers they envisioned, Maggie in medicine and Julia in teaching. The fact that each had found and married a compatible partner deterred neither from her course, and for a while it seemed they had it allsatisfying career and nurturing home and family. When Julias marriage fell apart, the rock-hard foundations of her life had dissolved suddenly into quicksand.
At least, she said, voicing the thought Maggie had kept silent, we didnt have any kids. I can thank God that Jack wanted to wait on that.
Absolutely, Maggie agreed. It would be so much harder to start over with small kids, plus youd be tied to Jack forever through them. This way its pretty much a clean break.
I made sure it was, Julia nodded. I even traded my stake in his pension for his half of the house. I didnt want anything tying us together, least of all money. This way we can go our separate ways and not look back.
Well, its great that you took the summer off to come over here. I think itll be a wonderful interim for you, a time when you can relax and just enjoy yourself and recharge your batteries. At the end of the summer itll be time to switch gears again, but by then youll probably be frothing at the mouth to get back to work.
Ive wanted to see your place ever since you moved here, but there just never seemed a convenient time to do it, Julia said. Now that Im here, I wish I had come years ago.
Well do our best to make it worth the wait, Maggie laughed. When we get to town, Ill show you our clinic and well eat lunch at a tiny little caf and buy fresh-baked bread and do all those European
Whats that? Julia interrupted. She pointed to a collection of small white bungalows in a clearing amid the trees. A neat white fence bordered the property, speaking of care. A small parking lot had one car in it. Couldnt be a school out here, could it? Her teachers curiosity sparked to attention.
No, its a museum, Maggie said. This was a work camp during World War II. Ive actually only been there once, and that was years ago.
Work camp? Julia repeated suspiciously. Does that mean ...?
Concentration camp? Maggie finished. Yes, unfortunately. It wasnt a big one and didnt have the ovens or anything like that, but over a thousand Jews died there, as well as others, mostly from starvation and exposure. Therere several mass graves in the back. Its very tragic, of course, but they do a nice job of honoring the victims. We can stop there sometime, if you want.
Can we stop now? Julia surprised even herself with the hasty request. 
Now? Maggie repeated. Well, sure, if you want to. Weve got no schedule today; we can do whatever we want.
Yeah, lets stop, Julia said. In her new unattached state, yielding to the sudden pull of the place seemed a small celebration amid the pain. Maybe she really had gotten kind of pedantic without realizing it. How long had it been since shed done something so impulsive?
The two women steered their bikes onto the car-wide lane that snaked through the trees. The morning sun slanted intermittently through the trees, its yellow rays alive with dust motes and tiny insects. A slight breeze barely fluttered the leaves around them. The setting was so peaceful, Julia thought, how could anyone envision a death camp here? 
They parked their bikes in a rack in front of the main building, the small sign reading only Fleischerhaus. Julia had to wonder if it were the kind of thing where everyone knew the story so no explanation was necessary, or if it were a subtle sense of shame that precluded any larger advertising. Any monument to victims that died here had also to be a monument to the native Germans who lived nearby and turned a blind eye to the Nazi atrocities. She couldnt imagine anyone coming through that war unscathed, no matter how hard they may have tried to go about normal lives. In a conflict like that, there was just no room for neutrality.
The fences are all gone, of course, but theyve set markers in the ground where they used to be, Maggie explained as they walked past the flowerbeds toward the front door. All of these bungalows are the originals, just restored.
Julia nodded, but thought restored might not be the right word. She doubted that this place ever looked as homey as it did now. Certainly the startling white paint and the multi-colored flowerbeds were never a part of the original experience. 
What does Fleischerhaus mean? she asked. I think haus is house, right?
Yes. Fleischer means butcher.
So, butchers house. Julia shivered. Ug.
They went inside. A docent behind a desk welcomed them and spoke with Maggie. Julia noticed a collection box and slipped a couple Euros into the slot. The walls were covered with black and white photos as well as racks of books about the war. 
She said theres a self-guided tour, Maggie said as she joined Julia at the bank of pictures. Ive got a guide brochure here. There are four other buildings beside this one.
Look at the children, Julia noted, pointing to a picture of school-age children working an unpromising plot of ground. Sadly she realized these kids were the same age as her students back home.
Yes, Maggie said, unfortunately whole families were brought here. I believe the youngest to die here was a child of two.
Were they all Jews? Julia asked.
Primarily. There was a scattering of other undesirables: homosexuals, political prisoners, other non-Germans. I suppose the good news is that this area has always been composed of small villages, so there was never a large population of any particular group. I think that alone kept this operation small.
Scanning the photos along the wall, Julia was dismayed at the expressions on the faces. She saw the fire of defiance, anger and hatred, the pain of hopelessness and despair, the shuttered look of resignation. Somehow that blank stare was the worst. To her, it looked like those who had abandoned all feeling were dead already. But in what ocean of pain and degradation had they swum before they slipped beneath the surface? How much had they endured before they shut down so completely?
Lets go outside, she said, wondering now whatever possessed her to want to come in. She hadnt been prepared to see faces, or for the onslaught of emotions that tore at her. 
Leading the way out the back door, she stepped down the two stairs onto a concrete path. The path led around the perimeter of the grounds and branched to the other buildings as well. Needing the open space and the fresh air, Julia turned right along the perimeter.
Boy, it felt so heavy in there, she told Maggie. The emotions are just overwhelming.
I know, Maggie agreed. Its such a horrible thing that you dont even want to be reminded, you dont want to hear about it or think about it, but its exactly because its so awful that we have to remind ourselves. We have to keep it fresh so it never happens again.
Amen, Julia murmured. 
Heres that garden area that was in the picture, Maggie said as they neared a marker. Scanning the brochure, she said, They mostly raised potatoes, but some other vegetables as well. When the people got so emaciated that they couldnt work, the gardening stopped.
Julia scanned the ordinary plot of dirt, imagining stick-thin people scrounging in the earth for shriveled potatoes. Immense sadness settled around her.
How long was this place in operation? she asked. Standing at the corner of the grounds looking back at the bungalows, she realized the quaint, unremarkable collection of buildings could never align in her head with the atrocities that must have happened here. The peaceful image before her and the sense of the destruction would always be at odds with each other. 
Four years. Long enough for hundreds to die.
Julia nodded. They walked the perimeter to the back of the property where markers denoted mass graves. Physically there was nothing to delineate the graves except the slight rise of the ground. Lush grass covered the area, dotted with small summer flowers that grew wild. This should be a picnic area, she thought when she looked at the cool grass and the tiny flowers nodding in the breeze, but her mind imagined a picnic table set over a pit stuffed with wailing, suffocating people. She shivered and walked on.
This next building had been the officers quarters, Maggie read. The one dormitory thats been restored is that last building before we turn back to the visitors center.
The officers quarters could have been any military home. Austere but comfortable, it had several bedrooms, a large kitchen, a genial front room. The large front windows had heavy, dark drapes that could be drawn against the sight of the emaciated prisoners on the grounds. Was it really that easy to block out? Julia wondered. 
 I guess the lucky ones, if you could call them that, were the ones who were recruited to take care of the officers, Maggie paraphrased from the guidebook. 
Julia shook her head. The truly lucky ones were the ones who were killed outright, she said. She could envision a bold young man trying to escape one of the periodic round-ups, imagine him breaking away and running. The cowed others would see him summarily shot and they would go docilely wherever they were herded, thinking they were better off than the man lying dead in the street. Of course they wouldnt know they were wrong until it was too late.
Leaving the officers quarters, Julia found herself not caring to touch anything, as if the horrific machinery of the past were somehow imbued with an evil that could transfer to her through touch. As before, she felt much better stepping out into the sunlight again. 
A smaller building sat behind the officers quarters. There was no sign on it, but Julia felt a morbid curiosity about it. Whats that? she asked Maggie.
Maggie scanned the guidebook. Storage building, she said. The dormitory is over this way. She indicated the path that would lead them to the last large building and then return them to the front of the property.
I want to see this first, Julia said, and headed for the storage building. 
She felt a peculiar prickling sensation in her head. A headache? She didnt think so. The sensation itself was not unpleasant, just ... unusual. She couldnt remember ever feeling anything quite like it. She walked to the door of the storage building and reached for the doorknob, then found herself immediately, uncontrollably, shrinking back. 
Get a grip, she thought. How much misery can be stamped on a storage building? But she seemed powerless to open the door. 
Jules? Maggie queried from behind her. 
Willing herself through the curtain of dread that seemed to keep her stationary, she swallowed and reached for the door. The knob turned easily in her handnot with difficulty, as with a rusting mechanism as she had expectedand the door swung open. There was no odor, although she expected one: the musty, powdery smell of bulk flour or grain, the earthy smell of raw potatoes. After the brightness of outdoors, the windowless building was dark but she forced herself to step up into the dimness and let her eyes adjust. 
The room was distinctly unremarkable. Blank white walls held a few pictures of prisoners in a food line, holding dirty, dented metal plates, each being served a single smallish potato in a thin gruel. A small table nearby held one of those plates. A desk in the opposite corner was empty except for a roster of supplies under glass. Rough burlap sacks were stacked against one wall, but when Julia peeked into the loose opening of one, she saw it held only rocks. 
The prickling sensation in Julias head intensified. Her vision began to swim slightly, as if her eyes were crossing and she could not get them to line up correctly. Instead of the clean white walls, she saw dingy raw wood and signs tacked up with flat metal thumbtacks. The paper signs seemed to flutter as if a breeze disturbed them, and the blurry picture revolved slowly around and beyond her sight of the actual room before her. She felt her stomach turn over, as if the moving images were making her nauseous. A heavy dread descended on her and she wiped damp palms on her thighs.
Nothing much here, Maggie said behind her.
But there was, Julia realized. There was a door behind the desk. A door ... to another room. Clamping her jaws tight against the sickness that threatened to well up in her throat, she crossed to the door and put her hand on the knob. Every nerve in her body screamed out against opening it, but she fought through the intense panic and turned the knob. The door swung open to another, smaller room, as she had known it would. 
Her eyes jumped about the room, looking for things that she did not want to see but that should have been there. A ghostly vision of clutterboxes, wooden boards, stacks of burlap bags and ropes, a crude wooden palette with a thin ticking on topwas superimposed over her view of the room as it currently was. The small windowless room was entirely empty but it felt oppressively crowded to her, as if she couldnt move, she couldnt breathe. The air in the room was thick, stifling her lungs. She felt herself struggling for breath. Chest heaving, sweat breaking out on her face, she had to fight to keep her feet as dizziness swamped her. She had the distinct feeling that her throat was closing, her airway shutting down. She heard small, harsh gurgling noises and realized they were coming from her own throat. Putting a hand to her throat, she saw the side door leading to outside and she lunged for it. Yanking the door open, she leaped as if the hounds of hell were after her and fell blindly down the two steps to sprawl on the grass outside. 
Jules! Maggie called. She was instantly beside Julia and turning her limp body face up. Julias eyes were rolled back in her head and she gagged violently. When Julia fought to turn away from her friend, Maggie let her go and Julia vomited on the grass. Her entire body shuddered with the effort. Maggie sat quietly beside her and rubbed her back until the spasms stopped.
Julia? Maggie said softly. Are you okay? 
Julia gulped in air and fought the bile that threatened to rise in her throat again. Slowly her head began to clear and she could open her eyes and see only the grass and trees before her. Raking in huge breaths, she turned back toward Maggie and struggled to sit up next to her friend. Maggie helped her with a supportive arm behind her back.
You okay now? she asked. 
Julia nodded, still not quite trusting her voice. She looked around at the open grounds and was acutely relieved to notice that it all stayed put. She steadied herself with a few more deep breaths and finally faced Maggie.
Jesus, she said wearily. 
Maggie felt her forehead. Youre warm but you dont feel like you have a fever, she said. I wonder if youre catching something? Or if something at breakfast didnt agree with you?
Julia shook her head, then regretted it as the dizziness returned. She clamped her jaws tight and waited for it to pass.
No, she said finally, its nothing like that. She glanced over her shoulder at the small white building behind them. Its that, she said, hooking a thumb in that direction.
Maggie looked back over her shoulder, clearly confused. Its what? she asked. There was nothing there, at least nothing that would make anyone sick. 
Can you ... help me up? Julia asked. She rolled to her knees and let Maggie pull her to her feet. Id like a drink of water.
Sure, Maggie said. Come on, lets go back to the visitors center.
No, Julia said firmly. I want to stay outside. Over there. She pointed to a bench set beneath a large tree just off the parking lot. 
Okay, Maggie said. Can you walk okay? Ill go get you some water.
Julia nodded and started across the grounds toward the bench. Maggie angled back toward the visitors center and found Julia beneath the tree a few minutes later.
Thanks, Mags, Julia said gratefully. She opened the small bottle of water and sipped it. The cool liquid felt heavenly on her rough throat. She sloshed some water around in her mouth and spit it out on the ground, then drank deeply. She held the cool bottle to her forehead.
So, now, Maggie said, watching her friend closely, what did you mean back there? What do you think made you sick?
Julia rolled the bottle across her forehead, stalling a bit. This is going to sound nuts, she started slowly, but the truth is that I feel like I died in that room.
Maggie sat silently, a blank look on her face. What do you mean? she asked finally, her brow knitted in confusion. You only blacked out for just a few
Not just now, Julia said quickly. Before. I think I died there, suffocated there ... like in another life.
Maggie laughed, a short, humorless sound. Very funny, Jules. Look, you really had me
The look on Julias face stopped Maggie in mid-sentence. There was no trace of a smile on Julias face, not even the faintest shadow of any humor at all. Instead there was only a hard, unyielding resolve. Youre serious, Maggie said. 
Julia nodded. Very. She took another sip of water. I know it sounds crazy, but the feelings I got in that room were just overpowering. I think someone murdered me there. I think I was strangled.
Maggies jaw worked briefly but no sound came out. Finally she shook herself. But how could that be? she asked. How could you know?
I dont know, Julia said quickly. I dont know any of the whys or hows, I just know what I felt in there, and it felt like memories.
She turned earnestly to Maggie. Youve had incidents of dj vu, havent you? Times when things felt familiar, as if youd experienced them before?
Yes, Maggie said, nodding. Is that what this felt like?
No. Thats what Im saying. This was completely different, much stronger and more focused. This felt like memories. I think I was murdered in there.
Ug, Maggie said. Like by a Nazi?
I think it was during that time, Julia said, when this was a working camp. So it had to be a Nazi. I must have been Jewish. She drank deeply and capped the water bottle. Man, hows that for a two-by-four upside the head?
Maggie didnt answer. Julia could tell by her stunned silence that her friend was having as much trouble with the concept as she was.
This is nuts, Julia said, certain Maggie would agree. I would never believe this if I didnt feel it myself, but I actually physically felt like my airway was being pressed closed. It wasnt like it was all in my head, in my mind. It was physical. She turned to Maggie. I actually felt like if I didnt get out of that room, I would dieagain. She shrugged and took another sip. Sounds like a horror movie. A chill patterned up her spine.
Possession? Maggie offered softly. 
Julia laughed grimly, a short contemptible bark. Thats even crazier than a past life. 
She glanced around her at the pastoral setting, the sloughing trees and the nodding flowers. The contrast between the peaceful countryside and her dramatic feelings made the incident seem that much more far-fetched. And doubtful. She was alive now, in the 21st century, not the 1940s. She was young, healthy, free. This  thing  had nothing to do with her, Julia Martin. There was no way she could reconcile it with her life. 
Enough, she said out loud. She glanced at her watch. Lets get going. Lunch is starting to sound real good.
Why dont we head back home? Maggie suggested. 
Julia shook her head. Im okay, Mags. Lets go on to town. I want to see your clinic.
Are you sure? Maggie was obviously not sure. She eyed her friend warily.
Im sure. Come on. Im feeling much better.
The bike ride on to town was considerably quieter. Maggie rode close beside and just slightly behind her friend as if watching for any aberrant behavior. Julia relaxed into the silence and turned her attention again to the peaceful countryside. Neither pursuing the strange experience at Fleischerhaus nor banning it from her mind, she allowed it to percolate quietly on the edges of her consciousness. She could neither corroborate the feelings that had enveloped her nor could she dismiss them, as startling as they had been, so her only option was simply to allow them. 
More cottages dotted the woodlands as they neared the village. Maggie pointed out the homes of friends and colleagues, some of whom Julia would meet during her time in Germany. She tried to keep track of all the polysyllabic names, but finally decided shed just have to wait until she had some sort of reference before she could really file the information away in long-term memory. 
The town of Waldenreuth was a quaint, slow-paced little village nestled comfortably in a clearing amid the forest. Maggie and Denis had driven Julia through it on the way to their house from the airport, but shed only seen it from the main road through town then, several days ago. Now she would have the chance to really become acquainted with it and find her bearings. 
Like so many villages in Bavaria, its clustered whitewashed buildings and predominantly red roofs created a pleasing contrast to the forest greenery around it. The spire of the aged Catholic church, thrusting up from the center of the village square, provided reference from anywhere in town like an unlit beacon. The square was cobbled with stones worn smooth by hundreds of years of use, and the narrow streets starred out in all directions around it. 
The feel of Waldenreuth reminded Julia of what a small American town might have been in the 1930s or 40s, where everyone knew everyone else and no one was a stranger. The closeness of the community was at once comfortingany friend of Maggies and Denis was a friend of alland somewhat oppressive, compared to the crowded yet anonymous lifestyle of Southern California. 
Everyone waved to them and several people wanted to stop and chat. Maggie introduced Julia to a few of her friends, including a woman who owned a bed and breakfast with her husband, the local grocer and the wife of the newspaper editor. Primarily in German but also in varying degrees of English, Maggie explained that they were headed to the clinic and would stop longer at another time. 
Is it always this tough to get through town? Julia asked as they cycled the last block to the clinic.
Sometimes, Maggie laughed. One thing about a town this size: it can be tough to keep a strict schedule. Everyone expects that you can take a few minutes to socialize. You get used to it.
The clinic was a newer building (as in built in the last forty years, Maggie explained) and devoid of any charm whatsoever. It was square, a uniform tan color and squatted in the center of its surrounding parking lot. 
Its ugly, I know, Maggie apologized. At the time when it was built, it was supposed to look modern. Now its just plain ugly. Wed like to build a new one, but that will have to wait.
How many doctors do you have here? Julia asked as they parked their bikes in the bike rack at the side of the building. 
Four: me and Denis, a GP named Theo Seiler and an OB/GYN named Katja Bressler. With me in pediatrics and Denis in internal medicine, we just about have everything covered. It makes a nice balanced arrangement. Come on; well go in the back, otherwise well get stuck socializing in the waiting room.
Maggie led the way to an unmarked door on the back side of the building. Opening the door with her key, she led Julia into a brightly lit hallway and steered her toward a central administrative area bordered by desks and office machines. Maggie introduced her to the two nurses, Ursula and Pia, and the two administrative assistants, Trina and Sylvie. Pia, the younger of the two nurses, was the only one who spoke fluent English. 
Pia went to school in London, Maggie told Julia. To Pia, she said, I need an examining room for a few minutes; whats open?
Number four, Pia said. Do you need help with anything?
Maggie shook her head. No, but Id like Theo to take a look at Julia. Does he have a few minutes?
We can make time, Pia said grinning. Ill let him know.
Great, Maggie said. Come on, Jules.
What are you doing? Julia asked, even though it wasnt hard to guess. Maggie led her back into the hallway and steered her into an examining room. 
Have a seat, Maggie said, motioning toward the elevated couch. She proceeded to the sink to wash her hands. I just want Theo to take a quick look at you, Maggie said. She eyed her friend as she dried her hands. I just want to make sure everythings okay.
Oh, Maggie, Julia protested. Im fine. Really.
I know, Maggie agreed, but shed already reached for her stethoscope and the blood pressure cuff. Just humor me, okay? Ill feel better.
Sighing, Julia hopped up on the couch and let Maggie apply the cuff and pump up the air bag. She sat quietly as Maggie took her blood pressure and found her pulse. Just then there was a quiet knock on the door.
Come, Maggie said. The door opened and the other doctor slid into the room. Mid-thirties with close-cropped, curly hair, he nodded to both women.
You called? he asked Maggie with a questioning smile in his blue eyes.
Theo, this is my friend from America, Julia Martin. Julia, Theo Seiler.
Hello, Julia said, extending her hand. 
Its a pleasure to meet you, Theo said. His English held hardly any accent at all. He took her hand in a warm grip. To Maggie, he dropped his voice to a stage whisper and said, But examining someone before I meet them is really not necessary. Im sure shes had all her shots.
Maggie poked him with an elbow. I just want you to look at her. She fainted on our way into town.
Oh? Theos manner turned immediately professional. 
Its no big deal, Julia sighed. What was I outthirty seconds?
She also threw up, Maggie supplied. 
Hmm, Theo said. Edging Maggie out of the way, he stood before Julia and looked in each green eye closely, then reached beneath her blonde hair to feel below and behind her ears. Did you take her temperature? he asked Maggie. 
Not yet. Maggie immediately reached in a cupboard for an ear thermometer and slipped the protective cover on it, then held it in Julias ear.
What were you doing at the time? Theo asked Julia. Were you bicycling?
No, Julia said. Wed stopped at She glanced at Maggie for the name.
Fleischerhaus, Maggie supplied. The thermometer beeped and she withdrew it. Thirty-six point five, she told Theo. For Julias benefit, she added, Thats Celsius. Perfectly normal.
Okay, tell me what you were doing, Theo insisted. When did you first notice that you werent feeling okay?
Slightly alarmed at the prospect of telling this good-looking stranger about her unusual experience, Julia hesitated and glanced at Maggie. Maggie lifted her eyebrows as if to say, Its your story. Julia sighed.
We were touring the camp, she told Theo, and I noticed I was getting a weird prickly sensation inside my head. I dont remember ever feeling that before. She waited, but Theo had no comment. I was okay until we went back to that storage building in the back.
You know that little one behind the officers quarters? Maggie asked Theo.
Yes, Ive seen it, he said. I cant say that Ive ever been inside. He arched an eyebrow at Julia, prompting her to continue.
I started feeling bad then, she told him. I felt very anxious and had this horrible sensation of dread. She glanced again at Maggie, but her friend was not going to help her. I felt ... I had this feeling that I could see it as it was ... years ago. I could see it with dingy wood, with signs tacked up over bags and boxes of supplies piled against the walls. It was like seeing two different versions of it, one on top of the other.
Is that when you fainted? Theo asked.
Julia shook her head. No. I looked around the room and noticed a door, and I knewI knewthere was another room beyond it, a smaller room with a door leading outside. I went in there and thats when the feelings really hit me. The room was empty but I could see it just crowded with stuff, bags and boxes and piles of papers, a bed ... Julia had to stop and swallow to allay the sudden rise of bile in her throat. Unwittingly she put her hand to her throat. It was a struggle to swallow. 
Okay, Theo said soothingly. Youre okay. Maggie, get her a sip of water, would you? 
Maggie got a paper cup and half-filled it with water for her friend. Julia sipped it sparingly. Gradually the tight feeling in her throat began to diminish. 
You okay now? Theo asked.
Julia nodded. This is exactly what happened then, she said. I felt like I couldnt breathe. I felt like there was something around my neck and ... she glanced at Maggie, then back to Theo, ... that I was being strangled.
Thats when she fainted, Maggie said. She bolted outside so fast, she fell on the grass and just passed out. She came around quick enough, but then threw up.
Theo frowned. Theres no doubt theres a lot of emotional energy in a place like that, he admitted. Its nothing youll ever find in medical books, but that doesnt make it any less real to the people who are sensitive enough to pick up on it. Ill bet if you asked everyone who visited Dachau or Auschwitz, more than half of them would admit to a little bit of what you felt.
I understand what youre saying, Julia told Theo, but I didnt feel like that anywhere except in that storage building. I didnt feel it when we first went in the visitors center, nor on the grounds.
Hm. Any history of allergies? Theo asked, steering the conversation back to the medical arena. Asthma? Theres a lot of dust out there.
No, Julia said. 
Its not unusual to panic when you feel like your throat is closing. Personally, I cant think of a worse feeling than that of not being able to breathe.
But I was afraid before my throat started to close, she insisted. And no one in my family has ever had asthma.
Theo looked thoughtful. His blue eyes scanned her face intently. Could you be pregnant?
Julia shook her head. Not a chance, she said firmly.
All right. Theo hesitated. He stepped back. Interesting, he murmured. 
Is that all you have to say? Maggie asked in exasperation.
Theo snorted. You asked me to look at her; I did. Shes fine. I dont see any evidence of illness or injury. He looked back at Julia. If you want to talk philosophy, we could talk about overactive imaginations, the absorption of an emotional residue of a place, or we could talk about past-life memories. What do you think it was, Julia?
Asked point blank like that, Julia hesitated. Somehow feeling the experience in her body was less frightening than putting forth a bonafide theory about it, and she realized how crazy it all sounded.
Im not sure, she started slowly. I dont think it was just my imagination. And I dont think I was soaking up someone elses experience. She swallowed and faced Theo and Maggie directly. I think it happened to me.
A past life, Theo said. 
Julia nodded. I guess thats what fits. Ive never thought about past lives before. Do people do that? Have past life memories that just attack them?
Its not unheard of, Theo mused. There are plenty of anecdotal reports of people having memories triggered by being in a place or a situation that matches the past life. Proof is something else entirely.
Yeah, how do you prove something like that? Julia agreed. But I know what I felt, and right now Ill take my gut feelings over a textbook any day.
Theo tapped his chin with a blunt finger, thinking. I have a friend whos a psychologist who has done some work with past-life memories. Hes mentioned it to me, although weve never talked about it in
Just then there was a tapping at the door. Pia opened the door slightly. Dr. Seiler? Youve got two waiting.
Sorry, ladies, he told Maggie and Julia. Duty calls.
Thanks, Theo, Maggie said. Sorry to drag you out of your busy schedule.
Yes, thank you, Julia said. She put her hand out again. I appreciate your taking the time with us.
Theo pressed her hand, smiling warmly. Dimples appeared briefly in his closely-shaven cheeks. My pleasure. Sorry I couldnt help more. Youre spending some time here? he asked. Ill see you again?
Shell be here for at least a month, Maggie said. Im making sure of that.
Good, Theo said brightly. I hope the rest of your time here is a little less ... disturbing.
Maggie and Julia left by the same back door and retrieved their bicycles, continuing their tour of the town. Theres a nice little restaurant where we can have lunch, Maggie said. Its just a couple blocks down.
You could have warned me, Julia groused. 
Warned you? Maggie grinned. Of what? That I was going to sic Theo on you?
And that he was so good-looking.
Maggie looked sideways at her friend. Oh, do you think so?
Julia snorted. As if you dont? And you know Im a sucker for dimples.
Maggie laughed. Hes not married, either.
Girlfriend? Julia queried.
Not at present. Sometimes small towns can have pretty slim pickings.
Hmm, Julia murmured. I need to think about a new relationship like a hole in the head, she allowed.
Youve got time, Maggie grinned. Heres that restaurant I was talking about.



###

Back to Table of Contents


Romance - Historical

The Rare Breed
Prologue

EARLY on a beautiful spring day in 1845, Jack Boudry and his fifteen-year-old daughter Jeanette waved good-bye to Mrs. Boudry and their comfortable New York brownstone home. The industrious and adventurous Mr. Boudry had fixed a gleaming eye upon the West, that profitable new frontier brimming with people searching for a marketplace for newfound wealth. As a modest importer, Jack Boudry intended to extend his holdings to include a port on the west coast and be on hand to receive the spoils of the new land.
Mrs. Boudry had declared herself against the adventure at first, objecting vehemently to her husbands explanations. It wasnt until he made her realize how much their income would be boosted that she relented. But once she learned of his intention to take Jeanette with him, she flatly refused to budge. Like a feisty old bird, she sat puffed up and closed-mouthed on the divan while her husband argued and cajoled, pacing in a worried circle around her. Secure in her own territory, she let her silence speak.
This was a new tactic to Jack, who had always been able to gain his wifes acquiescence one way or another. At her stubborn silence, he felt unaccountably at a loss as to how to deal with her on this issue. Finally, though, he resolved to be as stubborn and immovable as she and went about planning the adventureincluding Jeanettewithout consulting her further. He wasnt sure in the end if she had thought better of it or had merely been worn down by his relentless planning, but when the day came, she stood sobbing in the doorway while Jeanette took her place on the wagon beside her father.
Jack made the parting as brief as he could. He knew his wifes tears were infectious and resolved to be away before they spread to Jeanette. With waves and assurances and optimistic promises, he slapped his grays into a trot and left his weeping wife on the doorstep.
Father and daughter traveled with several other families as far west as Independence, Missouri. There the wagons regrouped, some going on to Oregon or California, some hanging back to await late comers. Boudry attached himself to a California train that proposed to take the Spanish Trail and together they rumbled westward to Fort Leavenworth. There the daring and danger of the trip seemed to come home to Jeanette and she widened her eyes at the alien territory.
Two days out of Fort Leavenworth the train prepared to stop for the night, but before they could properly organize their defenses, the travelers were aghast to see Indians riding hard upon them. In the dimming twilight they came like ghostly devils from hell, loosing death with every arrow, surrounding the wagons in a fiendish shrieking circle. One quarter of the people lay dead before a single Indian was killed.
Being a shrewd man of action, Jack plunged quickly into the fray, throwing his daughter under a wagon and grabbing a gun in the same motion. While he fired shot after shot, missing every time, his daughter stared dumbstruck at the savages that rode endlessly around them. Hearing her father curse yet another missed shot, she jumped up and ran to his side, wanting to help but not quite sure how.
Damn! Jack bellowed. At first Jeanette thought he was cursing her but quickly realized he was out of ammunition. Casting about, she spotted a dangerous looking rifle beside one of the first casualties, a grizzled old scout. Thinking only to help her father, she rushed blindly across the open space to the rifle, her heart thudding so loudly in her ears that she never heard the hoof beats behind her.
There were so many screams and cries that Jack missed his daughters. He had found a few more bullets in a forgotten pocket, fired them, then looked about for another weapon. His eyes fell on the rifle, then rose to the sight of an Indian riding hell bent away from him, apparently struggling with something. Jack wondered if the braves horse were not used to so much noise, then saw a small white hand flail out and a flurry of white petticoats. It was then that he realized Jeanette was gone. Forgetting the danger around him, he stood up, frantically looking about for his daughter, calling for her hysterically. The Indian had ridden safely away and had turned his horse about, still grappling with the girl in front of him. An intense rage overcame the importer, blocking out everything around him as he ran crazily after the Indian. Laughing at the ridiculous white man, the Indian reined his horse toward the distant hills. Jack was still running when the savages regrouped and disappeared into the scrub-covered hills, towing their newly stolen horses behind them.
Jack Boudry hung back at Fort Leavenworth for almost two months. He met every returning company at the horseshoe shaped outpost and plied every man with questions, but no one had seen his daughter or her captors since that day. To his face they made optimistic remarks but he knew they shook their heads when they thought he couldnt see. Finally Captain Lewis himself suggested Boudry go on ahead to California before the last wagon train passed. Any word would be quickly sent ahead to him.
Jack received no word during the time he was in California and none awaited him at Fort Leavenworth on his return trip the next year. Back in New York, he was able to boast proudly to his wife of the warehouse he had bought in Yerba Buena, but only after they had both cried long and hard over the loss of their daughter. They pushed hope to the back of their minds, waited patiently for any word and went about the business of living their lives and making their fortune.
In 1859 there occurred a gold rush along the Platte River. Any man who had found his fortune in California or any man not willing to travel as far as the west coast hurried eagerly to the Platte. A sudden population boom rocked the area. The outposts became towns and the limit of the frontier was pushed inward again and again. Periodically, inevitably, the gold rushers rallied against the Indians.
It was the misfortune of one small band of Cheyenne to be surprised by one such group of men. The fact that the band was almost entirely made up of women and children did not afford them any saving grace. Most were killed unceremoniously by volleys of gunfire, their lodges burned and their possessions destroyed. The only thing that saved Jeanette Boudry, for she was part of the band, was her tongue. She told her story as quickly as the slaughter around her would allow. Luckily, she was believed. The men came back from their raid triumphant, having killed twenty or more savages and at the same time rescuing a captured white woman and her thirteen-year-old daughter.

Chapter 1

I SUPPOSE my room in the New York brownstone hasnt changed much since 1845, at least it didnt in the years I spent there. Before my mother and I were bought back from the wilderness, it was only a guest room and not subject to much change, just maintenance. But in 1866, it seemed to me very static and hypnotically boring. The ivory carpets, china blue drapes, luxurious bed and French furniture were all imposing to me, blocking out my view and locking in my senses. I was rapidly beginning to hate it all.
That particular spring had about it a crispness and a newness that seemed to act as a catalyst on my boredom, making it almost unbearable. Since my graduation from Mrs. Pettits Finishing School, I had little to occupy my time so I paced or stared out my window. Grandpere and Grandmere had hoped my graduation and subsequent coming out would convert me to the ways of New York society. Im sure they were disappointed that it hadnt. But I did not belong there and the sense of disorder I felt at being there was growing.
It was not simply my own feelings. My grandparents sensed my anxiety and had anxieties of their own. When they entertained, I did not make small talk. I answered when spoken to, befitting a lady from Mrs. Pettits school, but I found no use for the chitchat that flowed so freely around me. It upset Grandmere terribly that I could not deign to compliment or flatter any of her guests as she seemed so prone to do. My French blood had not blessed me with a gift for false flattery. I imagine many of the older women thought me a cold child with little empathy or gratitude, but I cared very little what they thought.
Men reacted strangely to me. My grandfathers wealth was well known, so I was duly inspected by the proper suitors, usually at parties or other large affairs. At those times I felt more like a brood mare up for auction rather than a young woman hoping for love. Grandmere was careful to sweep my black hair high up on my head and apply makeup artfully to tone down the bronze hue of my skin, my heritage from my Cheyenne father. She could do nothing about my high cheekbones or ebony eyes, except hope no one took close notice. Few men did. There werent many who called on me a second time, most of them unnerved by my cool and steady gaze. Some would look closereven uncomfortably close to my way of thinkingbut none ever suggested I was anything but French. Most of them, I found, were as boring as my rooms upstairs, so I did not encourage them.
My grandparents insisted I play a role in these encounters and from the age of thirteen I was schooled in it. The story was that my mother had impulsively wed a cavalry officer and had chosen to remain in the wilderness. When we appeared in New York, the explanation was that the officermy father, supposedlyhad died, and my mother had brought her only child back to civilization. I was never very good at answering questions about my false pastthe Cheyenne prized honestly highly so lying was anathema to mebut I let it be told and I nodded when it was repeated back to me, afraid I would see that look of fear and distrust in peoples eyes if they knew the truth. I frequently saw that look in my grandparents eyes.
While my mother had lovingly encouraged me to adopt the white mans waysher waysso that I could find my place among them, her death left me alone with my grandparents, whose reasons for wanting me to adapt were quite different. They were goaded less by concern for my happiness and more by a fear of scandal orhorror of horrorsthe fear that I might someday revert to my savage past. With so much oppressive emotion heaped upon me, I became isolated and withdrawn, self-conscious and analytical. I studied the white ways and adhered to them whenever I was in the company of others, but always held myself apart. I was a misfit, and I felt more of a misfit every passing day.
Catherine, Grandmere said with a light knock on my door. Dont forget Mr. Slater is coming to dinner tonight.
No, Grandmere, I wont, I answered. She knew I would not open my door unless asked and I knew she no longer expected me to do so.
Why dont you wear your blue taffeta? That looks so nice on you.
Yes, Grandmere.
The inevitable pause came as she searched for a new way to phrase her words. Ultimately they were said, although with more hopelessness lately.
Catherine, do try to be gracious, wont you?
Yes, Grandmere.
Gracious. Such a civilized way of asking me to act normal. It was only a ritual for her to ask because we both knew I would not be gracious, I would not be what she considered normal, and yet still she asked. I turned to my wardrobe and began to dress for dinner.
I often wondered if Grandmere preferred taffeta because of the rustle it made. When she wore it, anyone could hear her all about the house, upstairs or down. I, however, had retained a habit of walking silently, one foot in front of the other, and even taffeta could not betray my movements. Mrs. Pettit had done all in her power to correct this horrible fault, had vowed that she would do so or have a nervous breakdown trying. She came dangerously close to having the breakdown and I still walk silently. I never cared to rustle like wheat in the wind and I suppose taffeta was the only remedy Grandmere could think of.
Feeling like a belled cat, I went downstairs to dinner. At exactly seven oclock I stood in the doorway and waited for my three companions to realize I was there.
This time it was Grandpere who noticed first, and he gulped in surprise to see me where I had not been a moment before. Grandmere was equally surprised and threw her head up, one hand clutching dramatically at her throat. Mr. Slater started, then immediately smiled. While my grandparents caught their breath he held my chair for me.
Had we not had company I would have been asked to be a little more noisesome by Grandpere. Id have consented with downcast eyes and the game would go on. Since Mr. Slater was present I was saved that much at least. Dinner hadnt even been served and I had already been ungracious. 
I ate quietly, listening halfheartedly to the table conversation. Grandpere and Mr. Slater discussed the business of trading and the wagon trains as they always did. Mr. Slater came for dinner twice each year, once in late summer on his arrival and once in early spring before he left again for Leavenworth. I paid little attention to his visits until this one.
Its gettin so theres almost no open territory between here and Leavenworth, the trail master was saying. What with the riverboats going up and down the Missouri all the time, people just come flocking west. Leavenworths regular civilization now.
Im sure of it, Grandpere said. The last time I saw I, it was no more than a fort with a few tents thrown up.
You ever think on goin back there? Slater asked.
No, not now. If I were younger, I might, but not at my age. Well just stay here in New York and leave the adventuring to you.
But I wont, I wanted to say. I had often thought of how I might make my way to the prairie but I had almost no idea of how to do it. Perhaps, though, if the way were not so dangerous or rigorous anymore, I could go. Id get no help from my grandparentsof that I was sure.
I listened to the rest of the conversation as I never had before. I made mental notes to myself of the cities Mr. Slater mentioned, of the meeting places of the wagon trains. Before dinner was over I had made up my mind that I would go.
For almost a week I planned. I got an old carpetbag from my mothers old room and began to pack carefully. I was limited on space so I took only essentials. Two changes of clothes and a few toilet articles would have to be sufficient until I was in a position to buy more. I made sure I had my brush and enough pins to keep my hair back in a knot at the back of my neck. I would necessarily have to keep up my charade of being a well-bred young white woman or find my way blocked by prejudice and possible harm. I pilfered chunks of cheese from the kitchen and some apples and salt. With any luck I wouldnt be forced to survive on these things only, as I planned to have plenty of money, but I wanted to have every alternative covered.
I considered writing a note to my grandparents, then decided against it. I wanted to leave no clues because I knew they would have me tracked down and brought back if possible. As much as they verbalized their love for me, I saw the guarded look in their eyes when they thought I wasnt looking. They pictured me much like a pet dog that might turn viciously on them at any moment and they were convinced that only my constant immersion in civilization would keep me tame. I had lived more years as a savage than as a civilized being, and so could never be completely trusted.
On the night I chose to leave, I waited patiently in my darkened room. I let the big clock downstairs chime two before I moved. Wearing a split-skirted traveling costume, I packed a carpetbag with a few changes of clothing, some toilet articles and my small knife, the only thing left me of my Cheyenne life. My father had made that knife of finely flaked, razor-sharp stone and hafted it to the bone handle with sinew. Many times I had been tempted to flash the knife at othersat the men who pulled me from my home, at the men who escorted my mother and I to New Yorkbut luckily caution had prevailed. I knew revealing the knife in circumstances not going my way would only result in having it taken from me. Even my mother never knew I kept it. Now I carried it like a talisman, as if it might guide me home. Ready at last, I crept downstairs.
In Grandperes office, I went directly to his large roll-top desk. I knew of the money he kept there for emergencies, since most of his wealth was tied up in investments and large amounts of cash could not always be easily come by. I found the back pigeonhole in the top right side of the desk and pulled out the roll of bills. I glanced through and thought there was perhaps two thousand dollars, enough to see me to Leavenworth comfortably. I jammed the money inside the bodice of my blouse and left by a little-used side door. I walked several blocks before I hired a hansom to take me to the railroad office.
In the early hours of the morning I boarded a train bound for St. Joseph. I had considered trying to buy a place on a wagon train but was too afraid I might bump into Mr. Slater. Anyway, the train afforded me more anonymity as passengers came and went, and I stayed as much to myself as possible.
The train trip was boring, although I had thought it would be interesting. I kept a window seat and watched the countryside slide by, but it was all very much the same after the first day. We pulled into and out of small towns, past farms and over rivers. None of it looked as I remembered, but that did not surprise me. I had not been in a frame of mind to remember clearly the last time I had passed this way.
Occasionally another passenger would try to claim my attention but most discouraged easily. One man sat boldly beside me and drew me into conversation until I confessed I was on my way to Leavenworth to marry a lieutenant colonel there. After that he talked for a moment longer, then excused himself and never came back.
I was extremely grateful when the train pulled into St. Joseph. I had become impatient and eager to begin the next leg of my journey. I went directly from the train depot to the waterfront and booked passage for Leavenworth on a big riverboat. Since it wasnt to leave until the following day, I rented a room in a hotel and stayed there until time to depart.
The riverboat was more interesting than the train and I relaxed enough to enjoy it. I decided I should invent and practice a story credible enough to answer questioners without arousing interest. Since the passengers all ate in a common dining room, I joined in quietly and allowed myself to be led into conversation. We sat eight to a table and it seemed that everyone was intent on finding out everything about everyone else. It was still not easy for me to initiate conversation but I answered most questions put to me until I had woven a simple history.
My father, I said, being widowed, had gone last year to California to make a new start there. I had just recently finished schoolwhich was trueso he had sent for me. I was to be met by my father in Leavenworth sometime later in the summer and together we would go to California.
Since I did not appear to have a vast amount of money, was not related to anyone famous and had no exciting stories to tell, I was not pressed further for details. The women passengers would speak to me and then turn their attention elsewhere while the men might look fleetingly, then turn away from my own averted gaze. There were no incidents while I was on board the ship.
One morning when I awoke early and went out to stand at the rail, I saw Leavenworth come into view. It was much larger than I remembered, but I knew it must have grown quickly since Kansas had won statehood. The fort stood south of town, unassuming in its open, three-sided arrangement. I had heard people criticize the absence of walls and battlements, especially since the fort was the last bastion between the civilized east and the savage west, but still the fort had no stockade. Except for the flags flying briskly in the morning breeze, it might not even be taken as a government installation. An unknowing stranger might mistake it for the low buildings of squatters, like on the south side of town.
As we neared the wharf, the big Planters Hotel reared up above the other buildings like a beacon. It sat on a low hill and its sign could be read above all others. The rest of town fell into orderly sections, none of which looked familiar to me. Although apprehensive, I was anxious to get off the ship and see the town.
We docked shortly and after much commotion on both the wharf and the ship, the passengers were allowed off. I took my carpetbag and allowed a steward to help me down to the dock. Then I wasted no time heading toward Leavenworth.
I supposed the Planters Hotel was the most obvious place to go first. I became part of an irregular stream of people going in the same direction, and when I entered the lobby there were already five or six people at the desk ahead of me. I waited patiently, but a feeling of giddy excitement was filling me as I looked around. I was closer to my homeland than I had been in seven years and I had escaped New York and all its constrictions with hardly a problem. I was alone and independent and self-sufficient, and I loved it!
My room was on the third floor and looked south over the biggest part of town. It was comfortable, with a dark patterned carpet and flowered walls, a single soft bed and a dresser and nightstand. I unpacked my carpetbag and washed at the basin provided. Although it was not yet noon, I thought about lunch. I had been too excited to eat breakfast.
The dining room was on the main floor and I was seated at a table by myself. I ordered lunch and opened a copy of the paper I had picked up while waiting to register. The hotel was fine for a few days but I was afraid I would spend too much money if I stayed there for very long. I had no idea how long I would be in Leavenworth but until I could find some thread of information about my band of Cheyenne, I might as well be comfortable. I opened the newspaper to the ads and searched for rooms to rent.
Miss Lance? a familiar voice called. At first I didnt even look up, my assumed name not registering. I had been afraid to use my real name in case I should be recognized as Jacks granddaughter, so I had used Lance since I booked passage on the train. Now I remembered my identity and looked up to see who had called me.
A young woman I remembered from the steamboat was coming my way between the tables. She was younger than I and much prettier, I thought, with auburn hair and bright blue eyes. She was probably no more than eighteen and had been traveling with her parents. We had spoken a few times on the ship so I knew her name and that she was betrothed to a corporal in the 8th regiment.
Melly! I said. I had not sought her company on the ship but neither had I discouraged her. She was a vibrant girl and so caught up in her love that she was no threat to me. Come join me, I said.
She took a chair opposite me and asked a waiter for a menu. What are you having? she asked.
The fish. I heard on the ship that it was very good.
Ill have that, too, she told the waiter. When he left she peered over at my newspaper. What are you looking for?
A room to rent.
Youre not staying at the Planters? she asked. I had guessed from her clothes and attitude of naive assurance that she came from a well-to-do family. Her question only confirmed that for me.
Only for a short while, I said. I have no idea how long Ill be in town so Ive decided to go ahead and get a room. It could be weeks or possibly months before my father arrives from California.
Oh, she said. She accepted my inference that my funds were limited, which was what I wanted. I hoped to camouflage myself with mediocrity, seeming neither rich nor poor, grand nor pitiful. I would just as soon people forget my face as soon as their eyes left it. If any inquiries should make their way to Leavenworth concerning a runaway heiress, I wanted no one to be able to make any connection to me.
When will you see your soldier? I asked to lead the conversation away from myself.
Oh, hes on campaign now, scouting northwest toward Fort Kearney. He wrote that hed probably be gone two months or more, so I dont expect him until the end of April or later. Weve tentatively planned the wedding for June, just to be safe. She smiled happily as she talked.
Thats good, I said. You can always change your plans if he comes in earlier.
Yes, she agreed. His campaigns are the only reason my parents agreed to let me come west and marry here. If Frank could get any furlough in the east, theyd have made me wait until then. Im glad it turned out like this. Ive never been this far west, have you?
No, I lied. Its all pretty new to me, too.
Its exciting, though, she said looking about. Who would have thought there could be this much civilization so close to Indian Territory? At first I was glad my parents came with me, but now I think I could have probably managed quite well here on my own. Youre traveling alone, arent you?
Yes, I said, but only because I have no close family other than my father.
Oh, Im sorry, she said quickly.
Thats all right. I have relations, but not where I can reach them quickly. My father is my family and Ill be with him again soon enough.
Im glad, Melly said. Everyone needs family, even if its only one person.
Exactly, I agreed. And grandparents tied by blood but without understanding did not comprise a family, at least not to me. I let the thought remain unspoken, especially since our lunch was being served.
Where are your parents? I asked, still following our thread of conversation.
 Upstairs. Mothers resting and Daddy said he would have lunch sent up. I told him I was too excited to sit in my room now that Im here. I want to see Leavenworth!
I laughed at her excitement. Although I was normally much more cynical than she, arriving in Leavenworth had made me optimistic also and I shared her rosy outlook. It was refreshing to let myself be caught up in her carefree mood.
Would you like to go with me when I go room hunting? I invited. If your parents wouldnt mind, it would be a good way to see the town, and with two of us keeping our eyes open wed be less apt to get lost.
Oh, Id love to! she said quickly. I think that would be fun!
Good. As soon as were finished with lunch well go up and ask them if its all right.
It was, but only after some thought and a piercing examination of me. Mellys father, Jason Crutchfield, eyed me coldly, as if I might be plotting to abduct his daughter and sell her to white slavers downriver. He showered me with brisk, forthright questions to which I gave equally brisk answers, sticking to my story without wavering. When he seemed satisfied, I realized that he had been noting my appearance and that my understated, tailored outfit and proud carriage might have been a deciding factor. As much as I attempted to play down my wealthy appearance, I knew a keen eye could see it if one knew where to look. Mr. Crutchfield did.
 Dont be gone more than two or three hours, he said, checking his pocket watch. He waved a cigar and used it to punctuate his words. He was a fairly short man, but burly and barrel-chested and had a look about him of one who brooked no disobedience. Melly quickly assured him we would not be late.
And dont go gawking over on that southwest quarter. You remember what Frank said about that in his last letter.
Yes, Daddy, she said. Well stick to this side of town.
Mr. Crutchfield chewed on his cigar and surveyed us one last time. When you get back, he said, youll have dinner with us. When I realized this last order was an invitation to me, I accepted graciously and we left. In another instant Mr. Crutchfield might have annoyed me with his authoritarian, businesslike manner, but on that day I only nodded to his dictates and smiled inwardly. In a way he reminded me of Grandpere, a man who had made his own way up the ladder of success and still retained the push and drive that had got him there.
Melly and I began our outing by walking south along the main street, looking in store windows and noting what businesses thrived there. Hardware stores, dry goods, general goods, leather and yardage stores made up the bulk of them, along with other officesclaims, assayers and the jail. Banks and churches stood with tall steeples, signaling Leavenworths wealth and piety, and there were restaurants and an opera house. It was all larger than I had expected and quite different from what I remembered.
After we had walked a bit and read what street signs we could find, we began to sort out the ads in my paper. A couple of them ended by directing the reader to this or that saloon, so we eliminated those right away.
Frank says the saloons are awfully rough and no decent lady would even walk down the same street where one is, Melly told me. Old trappers and buffalo hunters come in and spend hundreds of dollars on drink before they head out again. Can you imagine?
No, I could not. I had a taste for wine, developed by my grandparents, and had occasionally sipped Grandperes brandy, but getting drunk disgusted me.
And Frank says some of those old Indian fighters and even some soldiers dont have a lick of care when theyre drunkmight even accost a lady were she to wander down that way.
We stayed near the main street. Leavenworth was not so big that wed ever get lost, but narrow, lonely streets were unappealing to us. There was a boarding house very close to the center of town and I knocked on the door there. An elderly woman almost bent double from arthritis answered.
Im sorry, she said when I inquired about a room. Were all full up. Try Mrs. Reedys down behind the church.
I thanked her and we moved on down the street.
Which church do you think she means? Melly asked, looking about.
She pointed toward the hotel. Lets try a couple more around here before we go back that way.
We stopped at the dry goods store that had a ROOM TO RENT sign in the window, but one look at the dirty, unkempt room and the unkempt man who owned it turned us away.
How awful! Melly said. And that man was the worst. Imagine sleeping there on that lumpy bed and staying in the same building as him.
No wonder hes not married, I agreed. Any woman would have to be desperate to stay with him.
We stopped at a house located one block east off the main street, but the room it offered was small and cramped and I suspected I would have little privacy. I thanked the couple who showed it to us and went on. Finally we worked our way up to the big white church and saw the boarding house behind it. A small shingle on the front porch said MRS. REEDYS in narrow stick letters.
That looks like a nice place, Melly said. It must have been a private home at one time.
It was a large two-story building with a raised porch running the entire length of it. Painted stark white, it was imposing in its structural simplicity and I agreed with Melly that it had once been a very fine house.
We knocked and the door was opened by a tall older woman with graying hair swept back in a knot. Her gray eyes examined us curiously.
 Mrs. Reedy? I asked.
No, she said, No, Im Margaret Henkins. Mrs. Reedy is in the kitchen. May I say whos calling?
Yes, my name is Catherine Lance. Id like to inquire about a room to rent.
Come in. Wont you wait here in the parlor? Ill get her.
Mrs. Henkins led us to a large drably furnished parlor. The overstuffed divan and chairs were of an old faded flower pattern, with crocheted doilies on the arms. There was a large dark piano to one side and stairs leading up to the second floor. It was clean but almost oppressive in its lack of color.
We waited standing, just looking about, until Mrs. Reedy came in. She was taller than Mrs. Henkins and much thinner, with piled white hair. Although I guessed her age to be in the late sixties, she looked hard, as if she might have had more bad times than good in those years. Her face was shrunken and wrinkled and her eyes peered out of deep sockets. She was somewhat overbearing and had an arrogant manner.
Im Mrs. Reedy, she said, not offering her hand. Youve come about a room?
Yes, I said.
Both of you? she asked a little suspiciously.
No, I said, not liking her manner. I want the room. My friend is lodging elsewhere. May I see it?
Mrs. Reedy drew herself up a bit as if affronted by my question and I assumed she was used to doing all the asking. I decided then that, if I took the room, I would not succumb to her dominance.
This way, she said, starting for the stairs. Melly looked questioningly at me behind the older womans back, but I just shrugged. We followed her upstairs.
The room was small but neat and clean with a single bed, a washstand and a large highboy. The window looked north, toward some low hills. Mrs. Reedy offered no comment about the room and I gathered it would not dismay her if I chose not to take it. Still, I liked the idea of being upstairs and away from the communal rooms below, and the room was decent and sufficient for my needs. Mrs. Reedys cold attitude was not enough to discourage me.
I should like to take it, I said finally.
She looked at me steadily for a moment and I met her steely gaze. Very well, she said. Come downstairs and well make the arrangements.
Over tea served by Mrs. Henkins, the rules of the house were explained to me.
Breakfast is at seven and dinner is at six. Anyone later than half past the hour will not be served. The front door is locked at eleven every night. I do not permit ladies to entertain gentleman guests in their rooms and if I decide a boarder is ... unsuitable, I give twenty-four-hours notice.
That sounds satisfactory to me, I said. I drew out my purse and counted out enough money for two weeks rent. 
Will this be enough to secure the room? I asked.
Mrs. Reedy counted the money carefully. You may move in any time, she said.
Melly could hardly contain herself until we left Mrs. Reedys and started back toward the hotel. Wasnt she awful? she said in a high voice. She reminded me of a witch with her staring eyes and bony hands. Do you think youll like it there?
Itll do, I said. I dont plan on associating with Mrs. Reedy unless I have to, so I shouldnt have any problems.
Oh, I dont think I could bear it there, she insisted. Shes awful.
When we reached the hotel, we went up to the Crutchfields suite and I met Mellys mother. She was a willowy woman, soft-spoken and frail, and I guessed Melly must be a handful for her. Mrs. Crutchfield immediately assumed the role of hostess and we three women sat in the large front room of the suite while dinner was being set for us.
Have you any idea when your father will arrive? she asked me. Mr. Crutchfield had apparently explained to her about me.
None, I said, except sometime before winter. Its even possible we may have to spend the cold months here and start for California next spring, although I hope not. Ive heard the trip from Los Angeles to Leavenworth is still very rough.
Yes, they say it is, Mrs. Crutchfield agreed.
Will you be all right by yourself? We have plenty of room here, if youd care to stay with us. Well be here at least until Melly and Frank get married. 
Thank you, I said, But Ill be fine. Im used to living alone.
She has no one except her father, Melly explained in a pitying voice.
Oh, Im sorry, her mother said.
Thats all right. I can manage quite well. Ive thought Ill probably take a position in town somewhere, at least until my father arrives.
What sort of position?
Oh, Im not sure yet. Ive had very little work experiencenone in factbut Im sure I can find something.
You poor girl, Mrs. Crutchfield said.
No, its all right. Ive got to keep busy somehow.
But surely youre not used to working? she asked. I noticed Mr. Crutchfields quiet interest and I was afraid my schooling was showing.
No, I said finally, but it cant be too bad. Im sure I can find something useful to do.
When dinner was over I found I had to bear both Mrs. Crutchfields mothering sympathy and her husbands sharp eyes. He was not completely sure of me yet, and I decided I would stay out of his way from then on. I wanted no one trying to piece together my true story while I was in Leavenworth.
The next day I removed my few belongings to Mrs. Reedys. Being a weekday, there were no other boarders about besides Mrs. Henkins and I was grateful not to have prying eyes on me as I settled in. I hung up my extra clothing in the wardrobe, hoping Mrs. Reedy was not a snooper and would wonder why I traveled so light. Just in case, I secreted my small knife inside one of my shoes and pushed the shoes to the back of the wardrobe. Then I examined my room. The bed was comfortable if a bit lumpy, but with clean sheets and a neatly mended bedspread. The room was even cleaner than I had realized at first, and there was fresh water in a pitcher on the dry sink. I remembered Mrs. Henkins saying there was a large tub for bathing in the service porch off the kitchen, and I could wash my clothes down there as well. All in all, it looked to be a satisfactory place. I even had a view of the north end of town and the prairie falling away in green and brown waves.
Standing at my window, it seemed odd to see Leavenworth through adult eyes. When I was dragged to the fort as a half wild thirteen-year-old, my eyes had rested on nothing for very long but darted about wildly in the way of a panicked animal. Even knowing that my mother had come willingly and that these were the white people she told me of so often didnt help. I can remember feeling that I was about to die. Perhaps I did. I was certainly not that same person now.
I wondered how the good people of Leavenworth would react to me if they knew I was a half-breed. So far I had been treated with deference and respect but that would quickly turn to hate and contempt, I was sure, if I were found out. In order to find my lost home, I would have to play my charade well or I would get no cooperation from anyone. If I had my way, I would take a horse and ride straight out of town, out onto the prairie, but that was impossible. I would have to bide my time and find the best way to proceed.
As I stood at my window gazing down on Leavenworth, I felt almost as if I stood in the wings of a theater and that very shortly the important drama of my life would begin. I watched the shadows elongate and stretch eastward and it seemed that there was a hush in the air. Everything was in readinessbut for what? I wondered.

At breakfast the next morning I had the feeling that I was an insect stuck on a pin and displayed for all to see. My fellow boarders greeted me with interminable questions, only part of which I had time to answer. I had had ample experience in telling my fabricated story and luckily they chattered so that if I chose to ignore a very pointed or prying question, no one seemed to notice.
There was only one other woman boarder beside myself. Dellashe insisted I call her by her first namewas about thirty-five or forty and a very friendly woman. She asked most of the questions of me but either didnt wait for an answer or surmised out loud, so she did not threaten my privacy. She had been a mail-order bride years before but had stayed on when her man had traveled westward. Now she took in sewing and did some cooking and cleaning occasionally for a widower in town.
The male boarders, I knew, would require more time to get to know, so I tried not to form opinions right away. Sometimes that was difficult, though.
Charles Lafferty was the youngest, no more than five years my senior and as out of place in Leavenworth as I had been in New York. His conservative gray suits looked incongruous next to the rough frontier garb of everyone else, but I suppose it was in keeping with being a young lawyer. He was very well mannered and listened rather than talked at breakfast. I decided to reserve judgment of him much as he seemed to be doing of me.
Jacob Greene was older, probably fifty or so, and rough as a cob. I wondered why he even chose to board in town, since he struck me as a diehard mule-skinner type, complete with full beard and rather distastefully smelling clothes. Later I found out he had been a scout years ago, as well as a prospector, buffalo hunter and trapper. During his younger years he had received numerous wounds from white mens guns, red mens arrows and wild animals, and he was arthritic besides. Although his advice was still elicited from the fort on occasion, he was no longer content to sleep in the dirt and eat half raw meat by a smokeless fire. Rather than admit to his weakness, he ignored it as if it were normal for an aged scout to board in town. Rough as he was, I rather liked Mr. Greene.
I was thankful that breakfast was a brief affair and the other boarders ate quickly before going off on their daily business. I offered to help Margaret with the dishes but she insisted that I must have other things to do. Mrs. Reedy appeared to watch me carefully, as if verifying for herself that I would occupy my time properly. It was enough for me to decide that I would look for a job right away.
Walking downtown, I was again amazed at the hundreds of buildings and the extent of the town. In no way did it resemble the Leavenworth of seven years ago. I assumed the gold rush, the Civil War issue of states rights and the westward growth of civilization were responsible. Even in New York we had heard of Bleeding Kansas and the migrations from Missouri to tip the voters scales. Clearly, the town had just grown up and over itself.
There were any number of stores in which I could inquire. Since Mrs. Pettits school taught only basic educationand only as much as it was considered proper for a lady to knowI decided Id best look for a general position. A seamstress would have little use for someone who only knew needlepoint and embroidery, and a newspaperman would have no use at all for a girl who had studied Shakespeare. No, best to lose myself in the obscurity of a general store.
I chose the largest of the dry-good stores on the main street to start with. There were barrels of goods almost blocking the doorway, with brooms and dusters threatening anyone intent on leaving. I pushed past the choked doorway into the most amazing assembly of things Id ever seen. There were long tables piled high with all sorts of objects, much of which I had no idea what their use could be, and spaced so that only narrow aisles divided them. I saw kitchen utensils, wooden and metal bowls, pots, spoons and knives; all sorts of lanterns and candles; washtubs and washboards, barrels of grains, salts and meals, hand tools, hardware, and finally millinery. And there were at least a hundred things I didnt recognize or wasnt sure of.
Can I help you? a voice boomed behind me. I was so caught up in the conglomeration of things around me that I was startled by the sudden question.
Yes, I think so, I said, turning to face the proprietor. He was a big man, tall as well as wide, with short cropped black hair and blue eyes. He smiled at me.
I was wondering if you might have a position open here? Im looking for work for a few months or so, and I thought, well ... My voice trailed away, my eyes running over the strange objects. It must have been obvious that I knew nothing whatsoever about this kind of store.
Where are you from? he asked. I looked back at him and could tell he found me amusing.
New York, I confessed. I dont have much knowledge of the things you sell here. ImIm more used to specialty shops. I decided I would have to do a little more researching before I could find a job easily. Im sorry to have bothered you, I said, turning to go.
No, wait, he said. His bulk blocked my way anyway. New York, huh?
I nodded.
Hmmm, he mused, looking about. Do you know anything about millinery, yard goods?
Some, I lied.
Ive been thinking about hiring someone to manage that back corner for me. Theres so many women about these days that I cant keep up with all they ask for. Half the time I dont know what they want, anyway. He began to walk toward the back as he talked, and I followed him to where bolts of cloth lay haphazardly on a table. Its pretty much a mess, he said.
Yes, I see, I agreed. Notions were spilling out of boxes under the counter and lace and trim snaked around the half unrolled bolts of cloth.
Where are you staying? he asked suddenly.
Mrs. Reedys boarding house.
Whats your name?
Catherine Lance.
Catherine, he repeated. Im Harry Altvater. I couldnt pay much, and youd only be working on trial at first, to see how it would go. If there isnt enough to keep you busy or you cant handle it, I wont keep you, he warned.
I understand, I said. The suddenness of his offer, and the conditions, surprised me.
Fine. Can you start tomorrow?
Oh, well, yes, I guess so.
Good. Be here at eight. Mr. Altvater was beaming at me, obviously very pleased with the arrangement. The mans abruptness was something I would have to get used to, although I preferred that to the insincerity typical of most people. Feeling bewildered but happy, I left the store.
I took the liberty in my free time to inspect the town. South of the store, I proceeded on down the main street. I passed more stores and trade booths, noticing how the status of the businesses seemed to diminish the further south I went. Passing blacksmiths and leather workers, liveries and stockyards, I saw the men eyeing me as if I were up for sale. Finally I crossed the street and went back uptown. I could see now how the town was divided and where decent women were expected to stay.
At every cross street, I could see the garishly painted false fronts of the saloons a few blocks east of the main street. There were also established businesses, but most of them male-oriented, as if women had no need to even wander down that way. That was fine with me. I wanted no part of the drunk and gold-hungry sorts that stayed there.
Finally back uptown, I stopped in a small home-cooking establishment for lunch. The family-run business catered to the passengers on the stage, which had its depot just across the way and I relaxed in the anonymity of the place. One nice thing, I realizedLeavenworth was not so small that everyone kept track of everyone else. That sort of small-town awareness was exactly what I did not want. I decided to spend the rest of the day acquainting myself further with the town and perhaps see about having some new clothes made, ones that would suit my new identity.


###

Back to Table of Contents


Superstition Gold
Chapter I

LEIGH waited in bed, the silken sheets pulled just above her breasts. It was her wedding day, April 6, 1868. She was terrified, but didnt want Will to know. She had dimmed the lantern until the room had only a smoky glow, and all its rich trappings took on a dreamlike quality. The brocaded wallpaper, the huge posts of the heavy canopy bed, the silken luster of the coverletit was all theirs now. She finally had a place of her own, her own home and bed and husband. Dear Willit would all be nothing without him.
It seemed so odd to be married, even though she was already twenty. With the wedding only hours gone, it was already misty in her mind. The garden of Wills family home had been so perfect in the April sunlight. At first glance it looked as if half of New Orleans was there, but she of course knew that was ridiculous. Still, there were a lot of peoplemaybe three hundred guests. Wills family was old and respected in New Orleans, a native-son shipping family, and her own father, a judge, claimed some importance. Hadnt her parents left just after the wedding for Washington? Her father had national aspirations, and they had only delayed the big move until they had seen Leigh happily married. Now her mother was free to encourage her fathers career instead of fretting over an only child. It was all for the best.
Leigh pushed her dark hair off her forehead. She wondered how long Will would be. She was eager, yet frightened. Just wedding night jitters. It would be all right. He was so patient with her. Theyd known each other for over ten years, played together as children, and hed always treated her like fine china. Tonight would be the same, only better. She knew it.
She started when she heard the doorknob turn. Calm down, she told herself. Her heart thumped in her chest like a blacksmiths hammer. Through the dimness she could see the door swing open, see Wills smiling face, his carefully pressed dressing gown.
Hello, Mrs. Banning, he said softly, closing the door behind him.
Leigh smiled. Hello, Mr. Banning. He came and sat on the edge of the bed, bending to kiss her. His blond hair shimmered in the lamplight.
You look beautiful tonight.
Thank you. She blushed, aware of Wills eyes on her face and bosom. Shed waited so long for thiswhy was she so afraid?
How do you feel? Will asked tentatively. It was so like him to give her an out, an excuse, if she needed it.
Fine, she said. Different, but fine.
Good. He stood up and took off his robe, laying it carefully across the foot of the bed. Standing in the knee-length bed gown, he turned the lamp down, down, until the room was filled with darkness. Leigh felt him get into bed and slide over next to her. He held an arm up and she moved into the curve of his body. He cupped his hand around her shoulder tenderly, like a child with a new puppy. She allowed herself to breathe easily.
I think Im the happiest man in the world today, Will said, his voice smiling in the dark. His warm breath tickled her cheek. She felt his head move, and his lips brushed the tip of her nose. You were so beautiful, with your dark hair and your white gown. Im sure I was the envy of every man there.
The same for me, with the women. You looked marvelous in the gray tuxedo. She smiled. We looked just like the couple on top of the cake.
Will turned his body to face hers. And now youre really mine, after all these years. I can hardly believe its true. He kissed her cheek, her temple, nuzzled her ear. But it is true, isnt it? he asked.
Yes, she whispered. Yes.
Will cupped Leighs face in his hand, turning her head so he could cover her mouth with his. Her lips were soft and yielding, even promising, and his tongue explored further. She lay still, letting her mouth accept and express for her, unsure of what she should do with her body. When she felt Wills hand slide down the column of her throat to cover her breast in its silken chemise, she tensed, but then forced herself to relax. His hand felt good, sending tiny sparks throughout her body. Her nipple came alive under Wills caressing fingers and seemed to reach for more attention. His caress became more forceful.
Oh, God, Leigh! he groaned into her ear. Kissing her again, he unbuttoned the tiny silk-covered buttons down the front of her negligee and bared her flesh to his full attention. His hands and mouth did marvelous things to her breasts, kneading and sucking and tantalizing, spreading the sparks from her nipples down into her belly and lower. She found herself arching her body toward his and burying her hands in the thickness of his hair. She felt far too good to be afraid.
Then Wills hand began to slide downward, and she tensed again.
I love you, Leigh, he said reassuringly. Youre so beautiful. I love you.
His hand strayed sideways around the triangle of darkness and played gently over her thighs and legs. Shock waves spread through her, and she felt her body jolt when his fingers drew too near. She was alarmed and ashamed of the tingling sensations she felt at the center of her womanhood, but they were much too compelling to stop.
Suddenly Will seemed to fasten his mouth on her breast, demanding a response from her. Just as suddenly, his hand penetrated the final limit of propriety, and his fingers began to feel and explore her. Shaken by the double assault, Leigh lay trembling and apprehensive, her mind caught in half a prayer.
Oh God, oh God, oh God ...
She felt her sex opening up to him, allowingno invitinghim to probe inside. Everywhere he touched was like a bare nerve, a nerve of pleasure, and her body jolted and shook in response. She tried to swallow, but her mouth was dry. It was as if her body acted entirely on its own.
God, Leigh, I cant wait! Will cried. His breathing was like a bellows in her ear, blowing hot and fast, and he fumbled against her stomach, pulling his own gown up and out of the way. Suddenly she felt him, long and velvety and so bigcould it be possible? Oh God, oh God, oh God ...
He raised himself over her, and the tip of his organ touched her, jumped, touched her again. She parted her legs under him almost mindlessly, and he slid into the hollow. It felt good, strange, wonderful
Oh! she cried, then bit her lip. Had she felt something tear? The pain was sharp and stinging.
Are you all right? Will gasped. Leigh?
Yes, she lied, Im fine.
You feel so good, he puffed in her ear. You feel so good.
He moved inside her, rocking back and forth, in and out. The pain seemed to permeate her body, but she could still feel the touches of pleasure behind it. If only she could get past the pain.
She tightened her grip on Wills shoulders and he increased his tempo. Soon, he was moving frantically, his breathing panicked gasps in her ear, his hands hot and damp on her shoulders. He thrust into her, pounding against the already sore spot, paining her with each forward movement. When it seemed she could not take any more he suddenly hesitated, seemed to shudder and shake, and dropped down on top of her.
Oh, Leigh. He groaned. Leigh, I love you.
I love you, too, Will, she said, lying dry-eyed beneath him. The entire lower half of her body seemed to pulse and her head was pounding. His weight was suffocating, but she did not know how to tell him. She felt out of sorts and uncomfortable.
Finally he rolled off. She ignored the way he readjusted his gown and waited patiently for him to pull her to his side. With one arm around her, he kissed her temple endearingly.
I heard the first time was usually not very good, he said happily, but I guess that doesnt apply to everyone. Or else it just gets better from here. He squeezed her shoulder. Good night, Mrs. Banning.
Good night, Will. It was some time after his breathing deepened until she was able to sleep.

The pillow was so soft and comfortable under her head, she did not want to move at all. Sunlight slanted through the window sheers and warmed her closed eyelids. She snuggled down deeper into the covers and let her foggy brain sink back to sleep.
Fingers began to play on her bare shoulder. They lighted tentatively, slid over a short bit of silky flesh, lifted and started again. Leigh rolled over.
Wills face was surprisingly close; their noses almost touched. He smiled happily at his bride, his light blue eyes sparkling.
Good morning, Mrs. Banning, he greeted her.
She had to smile. Good morning, Mr. Banning.
Did you sleep well?
Perfectly, she lied. This bed is so comfortable. That at least was true.
He lay his hand alongside her face, his fingers playing in the dark, disarrayed curls. We wont be sleeping here for another two weeks.
I know. But itll be here when we get back from our honeymoon.
You dont mind the delay? I know we discussed it before, but I hope you dont feel differently now.
As a matter of fact, Leigh said seriously, I do feel differently now. Weve been married almost twenty-four hours and we still have our honeymoon to look forward to. Its much more exciting to have something to look forward to. She covered his hand with her own.
Im glad, Will said. I just wish it wasnt business that kept me. I dont want to leave you.
Its only for a few hours, Leigh affirmed. You said yourself it wouldnt take long.
It wont. But I dont even want to leave you for a minute. Im afraid if I look away, youll disappear like a dream.
Silly, she said, Im no dream.
No, he whispered huskily. Youre not a dream. He stared deeply into her eyes, seeming to drink from them. Leigh could feel the love emanating from him, enveloping her.
Dear God, she thought, let me be worthy of his love. Let me love him and enjoy him the way he does me. Let it be true that it gets better every night.
What are you thinking? Will asked suddenly.
Just that I love you, she said.
I love you, too. He kissed her. But if I dont get up that new steamboat is never going to launch today. He rolled out of bed, grabbing his dressing gown from the foot. Will you be all right here by yourself?
Of course, she said, luxuriating in the big bed. I have plenty to do, what with packing and all, and anyway, Im not alone. Your mother and three sisters are here too.
Are you sure you dont mind living here? he asked as he shrugged into the jacket.
Oh, Will, we already decided wed stay here for the first year or so. Its all right. Id just like my own home when Iwhen we have children.
I promise you that, he said forcefully. He sat on the bed and kissed her again. By then, Mother will be too busy marrying off my sisters to care where we live. But if you need anything while Im gone, dont be afraid to ask. Mothers really very pleased. I can tell.
Ill be fine, she insisted.
All right. Ill go. But Ill be back just as soon as I can.
That was the last time she saw him alive.

Thelma Banning had always presented a controlled if aloof face to her future daughter-in-law. Representing the enterprising spirit of the Banning family, she was very like a queen, nodding regally to her subjects and passing out judgments that were veritable edicts. And although shed always spoken civilly to Leigh, it was clear to the younger woman that Mother Banning did not like her.
As Leigh dreamily folded her clothes into traveling bags, a despairing wail cut into her musings, and the voice did not sound like the carefully paced tones of her mother-in-law. Her first thought was of a wounded animal shrieking in pain, but as Leigh opened the door and stood hesitantly at the top of the stairs, the sound became a terrible, sorrowful keening. Gathering her skirts, Leigh stepped quickly down the stairs.
The sound came from the sitting room, a small, quiet room off the front entrance. Done in soft velvets and earthy browns, the room was one of Leighs favorites. It was there that Will had proposed.
Now she flew through the doorway and stopped short at the sight before her. The elder Mrs. Banning sat crumpled in a ball on the velvet couch, her face cradled in her hands, blindly emitting the awful, painful moans. Her eldest daughter, Theresa, two years Leighs senior, had wrapped herself consolingly around her mother and cooed softly to her. She glanced up at Leigh, the look on her face fairly challenging her sister-in-law to intrude. Theresa had modeled herself after her mother and had become almost a second self to the older woman.
Beth, the youngest at sixteen, stood in the window overlooking the gardens and sobbed noisily. She barely noticed Leigh, her reddened eyes focused on some small object outside as she cried. The middle girl, Marion, had been sitting quietly in a chair when Leigh came down, but she quickly got up and went to her sister-in-law. She was Leighs own age and the only one of the four women who seemed to have totally accepted her into the family.
What is it? Leigh asked hesitantly when Marion came close. Is there anything I can do? Suddenly, over Marions head Leigh saw a uniformed man step into view. He apparently had been behind the door at the fireplace. Leigh didnt remember ever seeing him before, but the white ships uniform was familiar.
Youd better come in, Marion said. She put an arm comfortingly around Leighs waist and led her to a chair. This affects you, too, although I wish to God it didnt.
What is it? Leigh asked more forcefully this time. Whats happened? Somethings happened; tell me.
Marion pressed her down into the chair. Yes, somethings happened, she agreed solemnly. To Will.
Will? Leigh repeated. Her voice had crept to a higher note and suddenly her hands were trembling. What is it? Is he hurt? Is he all right?
Hes dead, the man said sadly. The words, though softly spoken, struck Leigh like iron fists. She reeled back from them, pushing them away with her hands.
No! she said fiercely. He cant be! I was with him not two hours ago.
The man nodded. I know. He was in a hurry to get back. But the engines werent acting right on the Mary Elizabeth and she was supposed to launch today. The man half turned toward the windows, his eyes unfocused as he slipped into his story. He insisted on seeing to them himself. A lot of times he could figure things out better than the men in the engine room. I had just left him down there and gone ashore to see to the last-minute launch procedures whenwhen it just exploded. The whole ship just blew into a ball of fire, flaming pieces falling like rain all over the water and the dock. It burned on top of the water like a pyre for a few minutes, then sank. It was awful. The water bubbled, and I kept seeing burned things floating up. I couldnt tell if they were parts of people or wood or...
Thank you, Mr. Leacock, Marion said abruptly, but not unkindly. She went to his side. I think we all probably need a bit of solitude.
Of course, the man agreed quickly. The look of awe retreated from his face as he saw again the grieving women around him. He stepped toward the door. I can see myself out. If theres anything I can do, anything at all ...
Thank you, Marion said again. It was very kind of you to think of us.
She sat on the padded arm of Leighs chair and put her arm around her sister-in-law. They both sat very still for a while, only the slow rise and fall of their chests showing that they were alive. The only sound was the muted sobbing of Beth and the congested breathing of Mrs. Banning.
Her roomtheir roomlooked unreal now. The bed, still unmade, showed plainly where they had lain so close. It was more like one indentation than two. On either side the covers were folded back, showing how first Will had gotten up, then Leigh on her side. One closed suitcase stood waiting on the floor; another one, half packed and open, lay like an unanswered question on the bed.
Moving trancelike past the bed, she went to the small secretary and found paper and pen. She had to write to Mother.
The letter would be waiting for them in Washingtonan awful welcome to their new life. They would be upset, of course. They thought they had left their capable daughter in a predictably stable life, and in less than a day it had fallen into rubble. She dipped the pen into the ink and began to write.

Dear Mother, I dont know how to say this. Will is dead. He died today in an explosion on a new steamboat. He ...

Tears spotted the paper like raindrops and puddled and smeared the ink. The flat, meaningless words melted together into a blob of charred black flesh. Leigh threw the pen down and crawled into the bed, burrowing her head into the pillow. In seconds it was soaked.

The funeral was not as bad as Leigh was afraid it would be. A light, spring rain drizzled over the burial ground and dappled the shoulders of the mourners. No one minded; it seemed more fitting to bury in the rain than in bright sunlight. Leigh saw Thelma Banning for the first time since the day Will died. Shed kept to her own suite and had been seen to by Theresa, Leigh supposed. The two of them leaned together at the gravesite, buttressing each other like twin black pillars. They both looked drawn and pale.
When the ebony and silver casket was lowered into the ground Leigh found herself strangely dry-eyed. Thats not Will, she said to herself. Thats only what they could find of him, and even then the parts were impossible to identify for certain. And even if theyd found his whole body, it still wouldnt be Will. His essence was gone. The bright smile, the cheerful blue eyes, the quick squeeze of his handthey could not bury that. That was for Leigh to keep locked in a chamber of her heart. They were simply burying the flesh.
Mrs. Banning threw the first flower on the coffin. Leigh waited for Theresas and Beths. Surprisingly, there was a pause. She looked up at Marion, who nodded almost imperceptibly. Leigh tossed her flower, a startling white carnation, onto the shadowed blackness of the coffin. Marions followed. The first handful of dirt fell, showering the flowers. Leigh turned away.
At the Banning house, black-draped carriages lined the drive. With every newcomer mouth-watering aromas drifted out the doorsweet hams, fried chicken, young buttered peas, all sorts of pies and cakes. At the very least there were as many people as at the wedding five days earlier. How different the feeling was now.
Leigh moved hesitantly through the people. She dreaded each new face, the same words of sympathy spoken over and over, her same reply of thanks. Less than a week ago these same people had wished her well, she dressed in her dazzling white gown; today their eyes held nothing but pity for her in her black widows dress. She appreciated their pity but did not want it.
Suddenly, out of the sea of faces, Leigh recognized two she was genuinely happy to see. Looking out of place and uncomfortable, they were like family to Leigh. She made her way determinedly toward them.
Louis! Maria! she said happily. The looks of discomfort turned to smiles and the friends hugged each other. The two dark faces instantly relaxed with Leigh at their side.
Miss Leigh, Maria said, her words tumbling out, we heard and we just couldnt believe our ears! It was so awful. We tried to see you the next day but that Banning maid wouldnt even let us into the house!
Oh, no! Leigh said, squeezing Marias hand. I had no idea you came. No one told me. But everyones so upset here at the house. Still Im awfully sorry.
Thats all right, Miss Leigh, Louis said. Even though the wars over, a lot of folks still dont hanker to us black folks, and white servants always seem to be the worst for it.
But thats ridiculous, Leigh snorted. Youre servants, but youre not slaves. And you know if I could have, I would have brought you here to the Banning house with me. It was just that the Bannings already had a full complement of servants.
We know, Miss Leigh, Louis agreed.
Were doing okay with the Hersch people, Maria said. Its not like home, but its a good house.
Leigh could have cried. It was odd that two servants could hold such a place in her heart, but these two did. Just slightly older than she, the couple had been her closest confidants for years. It was a sad day when her mother explained their services were no longer required, but Leigh was glad theyd had no trouble getting new positions. Now they were like cool mirages to her tired eyes.
Come in and have something to eat, she said, starting toward the laden buffet.
Oh, no, we cant stay, Maria said. We promised wed only be a minute. Mrs. Hersch had pork smoking and Ive got laundry to see to. We just wanted to see you and tell youhow sorry we are.
Leigh smiled tearfully. Thank you. I cant tell you how much it means to me.
Are you  doing all right? Louis asked delicately.
Well, Im not quite ready to face the world on my own, but Im all right. Ive been doing a lot of thinking, and Im looking ahead.
Good, Maria pronounced. She shook her head sadly. The Lord does strange things, but who knows why?
Yes, Leigh agreed. Im  accepting things. I have to. Theres no other way.
Thats good. Well, wed best be on our way. If you need anything, Miss Leigh, if theres anything we can do for you, you just let us know. Maria squeezed Leighs hand even while edging toward the door. All the fancy white folks were making her nervous.
Thank you, Leigh said. I wont forget.

The next few days were strange, transitional ones. Leigh spent a lot of time alone in her room or walking the lovely gardens behind the Banning house. At first it was hard for her to face the scene of her marriage, but gradually she learned to see each flower individually, each separate rose and mum, each daisy and daffodil. Each was a celebration of life in its own right, a small, colorful piece of the natural cycle. Leigh roamed aimlessly amid the bright spots of color and began to feel her emotions knitting together, healing.
The hardest times were the nights. Lying in the big velvet-covered bed, Leigh felt the loneliness closing in on her like folds of a gray blanket. The dim, shadowed shapes in the room pressed close. All Wills things, asking for him. If she shut her eyes against the room, the loneliness welled up from inside. Then her skin prickled, alert for his touch, and she became warm. Would she ever feel a mans caressing fingers again? She squelched the selfish thought as soon as it flashed across her mind. That was her nightly battle: the eerie aloneness, and the guilty hunger. She began to dread the nights.
Marion was a strength she could lean on. She would join Leigh in the garden, the two dark-haired, darkly dressed young women walking close and talking quietly. It was a balm to Leigh, especially when the rest of the family seemed to snub her. Thelma and the other two girls spoke civilly to her, but seemed always to have something pressing and no time to talk. Leigh felt the avoidance, but attributed it to their anguish. They were all in need of time for healing.
Meanwhile Leigh waited to hear from her mother. Pretty, blond, smiling Monica Harband always seemed to make things brighter. Although she and Leigh had never had a close, affectionate mother-daughter relationship, they were friends, and Leigh depended on Monicas knowledge. Their striking dissimilarityMonicas light coloring and Leighs black hair and dark eyespuzzled Leigh. It made her feel different somehow. And her father, Douglas Harband, was not a typical Southern fatherhe had no use for pampered, spoiled debutantes, and his daughter would not be so treated. Hed kept his attention to her limited, putting his law practice and political ambitions first, as if for her own good. In the last five years their contact had been minimal, and although Leigh felt no animosity, she neither felt any great affection. She waited for her mothers reply, mostly because Monica was so practical and unemotional; she would know the best course for Leigh to take now.
A week after the funeral, Leigh noticed Mrs. Banning leaving the house for the first time since Will was buried. From her second-floor window Leigh watched the thin, black-shrouded woman settle heavily into her carriage. The tall willows that lined the Banning drive swayed slightly in the April breeze, as if to lay sympathetic hands on the small carriage as it drove past, headed toward town.
The next day Leigh was surprised to have a sealed note delivered to her. Sitting in her room, trying to concentrate on some needlework, she expected her visitor to be Marion, and called easily to her to come in. Instead the housekeeper pushed open the door, holding the envelope as if it were a disagreeable object. Leigh quickly relieved her of it and walked slowly back to her window seat, waiting to hear the door click shut before tearing open the envelope.

LeighI hate to disturb you, but can you come to my office this afternoon? I have some legal matters to discuss with you that shouldnt wait. You have my deepest sympathy.
Davis Maynard

Leigh was puzzled. Davis was an old family friend, an adopted uncle of sorts. He was a lawyer, and until her father began to act on his ambitions, shared an office with him. Leigh had seen him and his wife briefly at the funeral and wake, and he had made no mention of any legal matters. There was Wills inheritance, of course, but she hadnt thought much of that. There was no amount of money that could replace him.
She went downtown quietly, telling no one at the house. She still felt odd in the Banning home; not a guest, yet not quite a family member. They wouldnt miss her anyway.
Davis Maynard was in his fifties, a rather stout, salt-and-pepper-haired man with a winning smile. He was sober now, though.
You have no idea how sorry I am, Leigh, he began. This whole business has been a shock, and I think youve stood up to it admirably. I just wish I could have done something about this unpleasant development, but Im afraid its all in black and white. Personally, I think its deplorable for the Bannings to behave this way, but ...
Davis, theres no need for you to apologize. No one could have foreseen, and about the Bannings, well theyre just a very close family, I think. Theyre hurt right now.
Davis looked keenly at her, his tired blue eyes taking in every pore of her face. If possible, he became even more grave.
Leigh, I dont think you know why Im apologizing. Its not just for you, for Willalthough it is that, of course. Leighlook at me.
Feeling a vague resentment at being treated like a child, Leigh raised her chin and met Daviss eyes. For the first time she saw the depth of his concern, and an alarm rang somewhere in the back of her mind.
You will receive nothing from Wills estate. You werent even mentioned by him at all, of course, because who could have known? But the Bannings have very clever lawyers back east, and theyve succeeded in denying any inheritance to you. All properties and assets revert back to Mrs. Banning and her daughters. Its all tied up in the shipping business, some sort of enterprising protection. But you have nothing more than you had the morning of your wedding day.
The last sentence dropped from his lips like a bomb, and his eyes took on a pained, wondering look as he waited for Leighs reaction.
At first there was none. She sat stony-faced, her dark eyes blank and her face pale. Then she seemed to fall in on herself, like a broken doll with the stuffing pouring out, and she folded into a small, retreating child, alone and vulnerable.
Davis was on his feet as soon as the first tear fell, and he put comforting arms around Leigh as she poured out her sorrow. The eyes that she had thought were permanently dry seemed to flood, and the tears coursed unchecked through her fingers. Desolate sobs shook her.
Im so sorry, Leigh, Davis said softly, his voice cracking. I know its not much, but if theres anything I can do ...
How can she do that? Leigh cried. I knew she didnt care for me, didnt want Will to marry me, but he wouldnt be swayed, and it all seemed to fade away in the end. How can she hate me because her son loved me?
Davis flexed his heavy fingers on her shoulders. Im so sorry.
Its not the money, Leigh said, trying to hold back the tears. Its not anything like that. He was my husband and I loved him. We were part of each other, even if it was only for one day....
I know; I know, Davis said soothingly. I cant imagine how hard all this must be for you. Iwell, what will you do? Join your mother in Washington?
I dont know. I havent even thought about it. She wiped her eyes with a sopping handkerchief. Ive got to get out of that house right awaytoday. I cant bear to see her, talk to her. I wont be able to look her in the face, knowing how she must be gloating.
I hardly think Mrs. Banning will be gloating. After all, she has lost her only son. StillIll tell you what. Why dont you move in with me and Helene just as long as you need to get going? Wed love to have you. Then you could wait until youve got all things considered before you set out in another direction.
Oh, Davis, thank you, but I dont know what Im going to do. Ive just got to get out of that house.
I know, dear, I know, Davis said, patting her back lightly. He suddenly crossed to his desk. But you cant leave with nowhere to go, and youre practically like a daughter to me. Im going to get a message off to my wife to prepare a room for you, and Ill have a driver come to the Banning place to pick you up. Lets see, its one-thirty now. How long will it take you to pack?


###

Back to Table of Contents

Romance - Contemporary

Lightning Strikes
Chapter 1

JESSIE Evans looked around tentatively through the car windows, biting her lower lip and hoping to see someone striding toward her. Shed never been on an Indian reservation before and wasnt sure what she should or shouldnt do. She hoped the sticker in the corner of her windshield that identified her as a journalist would signal someone, but no one seemed to notice.
Her boss, Roy Barker, had promised someone would be there to meet her. She was unfamiliar with the Hopi Indiansand just about every other kind, for that matterbut Roy had said shed have a guide to help her research her cover article for Arizona Lifestyles.
But there was no one.
She squared her shoulders and decided to get out of the car. Couldnt research a story sitting behind the wheel. She stood up behind the open car door and looked around. The simple pueblo-style architecture of Oraibi was completely foreign to her. She had seen pictures but had never imagined the feel of the thousand-plus year old village. The stone and adobe houses, built in unbroken rows with several upper stories added on, had to look just as they did when the Spanish conquistadores first saw them, she thought. The wooden poles that jutted from the flat faces of the buildings were bleached gray by the Arizona sun and the buildings themselves were the same weathered tan of the hard-baked earth on which they sat. If it werent for the haphazard distribution of pick-up trucks and visitors cars, she could easily imagine herself a thousand years in the past.
She glanced toward the festivities of the dance. Ringed with people both Indian and white, the dancing ground was a simple unassuming place, just a wide area centered in the village, yet alive with movement and somehow strangely reverent. The dancers that were entering the dance ground were in sharp contrast to the muted tans and browns of the high desert. Dressed in ancient costumes of gods and heroes, their bodies were painted with brilliant red and turquoise and black. Intricate wooden headdresses were adorned with feathers and fur, and woven belts sported startling geometric designs. Anklets of copper bells broadcast the beat of the dance to everyone in the village. Those watching from the sidelines seemed willingly mesmerized by the ancient ritual.
She wasnt sure what she had expected, but it wasnt quite this. The Hopi people did not seem either resentful of the whites who came to watch their ceremony nor gratified by them. There were neither any hateful stares nor crass commercialism. The Hopis existence and the dance simply were what they were, no more and no less. There was an overwhelming rightness about the whole place, as if the Hopi people belonged thereand knew they didand that was all that mattered.
It was a feeling Jessie hadnt noticed anyplace else in Arizona. Ever since shed moved to Phoenix eight months earlier, shed seen more than her share of Indians, both the government-supported and the self-sufficient, and yet none of them had quite the sense of belonging that these people had. It was in their faces, in the deeply-etched lines of the old ones expressions and in the smoother copper color of the very smallest. Immediately Jessie began to put together the words that would convey this feeling for her article, and she reached back in the car for her camera.
She wanted to see if she could capture those looks, if only to remind herself later when she was writing her story. Hurriedly, she twisted her wide-angle off the digital SLR and put a zoom lens in its place. She had already loaded a new 4-gigabyte card; she didnt want to run out of memory at the wrong moment. As a precaution, she grabbed a handful of her business cards and jammed them into her shirts breast pocket. Pushing her blonde hair back behind her ears and out of the way, she walked around to the front of the car and leaned against it while she brought the camera up to her eye.
The faces were so wonderful! She zoomed in on a small boy, surely no more than six, and the delight in his eyes as he watched the dancers. Double-checking the LED readout for light, she held the camera steady and waited for just the right break of a smile, just the right glimmer in those joyful black eyes.
I wouldnt, a voice said and suddenly the camera was pulled away from her by the length of the zoom.
Hey! Jessie cried in a tight voice.
The man might not have noticed. He flipped the camera over, found the card slot and expertly ejected the memory card.
What are you doing? Jessie demanded. You cant do that! I havent even taken one shot on that card! Give me my camera!
Without looking at her, the man frowned. His face was deeply tanned and only shadowed more by the wide brim of his straw cowboy hat. His casual western clothes and sun-etched face branded him as an Arizona native, but none of that explained his arrogant behavior. Jessie was shaking with anger.
Cant take pictures of the dances, he said in a low voice. With deft fingers he slid the card into his shirt pocket. He handed the camera back to Jessie without a word.
Jessie almost strangled on her own anger. I wasnt taking pictures of the dancers, she managed in a scathing voice. I was taking pictures of the people watching.
He shrugged, his black eyes intent on her. Cant do that, either. Youre lucky one of the others didnt see what you were doing. A lot of tourists have come away from Oraibi with broken cameras or none at all. This is a private and serious religious ceremony, not a Macys parade.
His unemotional lecture only served to offset Jessies anger, but she couldnt seem to get herself under the same kind of control. Her cobalt blue eyes shot daggers at him.
Im well aware of what this is, she retorted. Im a journalist; Im here on assignment. And you have stolen my card.
Youve got your camera, he said, nodding at the digital. Count yourself lucky.
His quick glance at her camera traveled over her as well, noting the breezy camp shirt and the tight-fitting jeans that molded her body so well. On their upward sweep, his eyes caught the white edges of the cards in her pocket. Acting again without an ounce of explanation, he reached out for her, plucked a card from the place over her breast and drew it back.
Jessie sucked in a raging breath. Why, youyou
Save it, he said, pocketing the business card along with the appropriated memory card. He half turned toward the dancers. You can look around all you want, but lock that camera in the car. I wont be responsible for it if you dont. Hooking his thumbs in his belt loops, he looked back over his shoulder at her. Just rely on your journalistic talents for this one. And he walked casually away.
Jessie was seething. What an arrogant, rude, snobbish, son of a bitch! She couldnt believe the mans audacity. Here she had just been thinking what a wonderful people these Hopi were and then he had to crawl out from under a rock. What a great PR man he was!
Still shaking with barely controlled anger, she whipped around the car and yanked the door open. She was sure the man was not watching herhed been too sure of himself to think she might disobeybut it still rankled as she slid the camera under the car seat and locked the door.
Of all theshe slammed the car door resoundly. Oh! Right now shed have much rather gotten back into the damn car and driven back to Flagstaff and forgotten all about this assignment. Not only had he ruined her mood, hed erased any creative thoughts shed had and the anger that filled her was not the kind that would dissipate quickly. Feeling spiteful and grouchy, she propped herself against the side of the car and watched the dancers sourly.
Roy was going to hear from her about this, she decided. Always before when shed accepted a freelance assignment, his contacts had been prompt and friendly. This time not only did her contact not show at all, but what did show was a disrespectful, ill-mannered 
She shook her head. She had to get a hold of herself or the whole day would be ruined. She wasnt very good at positive thinking, but shed tried recently to keep a better lid on her temper and she turned her mind to that now. It had become an exercise with her, and she had to fight to keep herself from flowing blindly along with her negative thoughts. Come on, she told herself. Isnt this the best assignment youve had? Isnt this a cover story? Pass it off. Dont let the bastard upset you.
She took a deep breath and forced her eyes to focus on the people before her. She forced herself to see their pride, their concentration, their rightness in this preserved corner of the Painted Desert. All around them the land fell away in gentle folds of muted color, or rose broken and stark in sudden mesas. The people and the land were similar: strange to her, yet in context here. Forcing her mind into its journalist mode, she began to compose her article and finally dug back into her car for her notebook.

That evening, Jessie returned to the vacation house in Flagstaff where she was staying at Roys insistence and showered off the dust and sweat of her day. She couldnt really complain about the heat, not when it was 115 down in Phoenix and only 85 here in the high country, but the dry thin air still affected her. Shed been excited at first about the idea of basing in Flagstaff and getting out of the June heat, so much so that shed turned off her air-conditioning as soon as shed driven up over the Mogollon Rim yesterday morning, and shed refused to turn it on again even when shed dropped down to the desert of the reservation today. Back in Flag it was cooler, but she still eyed the air-conditioning unit Roy had installed in the living room window. She decided against it. Once clean, she put on a fresh pair of jeans and a cool, gauze shirt and let the open windows produce a crosswind that kept the place comfortable.
She had to admit, Roys little cabin was nice. It would certainly do for the next three weeks while she hammered out her article. Built of rich warm wood, it hugged the side of a wooded hill above Flagstaff and had all the comforts. Her boss, of course, could afford it. As owner of the Arizona Lifestyle magazine, he could afford just about anything he wanted, and usually did. Jessie couldnt begrudge him its extravagances, though, not when he paid her as well as he did for her articles. They had a very nice, simple working relationship, and as long as they did, and Roy put no restrictions on Jessie, theyd do their best to keep Arizona Lifestyles one of the best magazines out.
As if in answer to her thoughts, the phone rang. She knew it would be Roy. He was the only one who knew where to reach her.
Hey, Jess, he said, how do you like my place?
Nice, Roy. Very nice. I should have known when you said cabin that you meant house.
Well, you know what I meant. Dianne is the one who named it the cabin; I just got in the habit.
Jessie understood. Roys wife, Dianne, was a born and bred poor little rich girl, or at least that was what Jessie had heard. Shed never met the woman.
So whats going on? Did you meet Lucas?
He was a no-show, she said, feeling the heat of todays anger rising in her again. I was out there in Oraibi almost all day and never saw hide nor hair of the man. Except for some self-styled watchdog who threatened to break my camera for me, no one paid any more attention to me than if I were a rock.
Really? Roy said. Hmm. Cant understand that. Ive sent people up to see Lucas for information before and hes always been good. Ill call him. Maybe he got hung up on a job. Hes a contractor and hes really just doing me a favor when he agrees to help out one of my journalists.
Well listen, Roy, if hes got a full schedule, dont bother. I can go to the library and scout the local monuments just as well by myself. I dont think theres any shortage of material on the unsung Indian heritage of Arizona.
No, no, you need Lucas. Hes a gold mine of information. Hes part Hopi himself, so he knows things you wont find in any library or online. Ill call him.
Jessie gave in. Whatever you want, Roy.
What about someone wanting to break your camera? 
Oh, out there on the reservation I was firmly lectured on the sins of photography. I had no idea they were so secretive.
Roy made an apologetic sound. Im, sorry, I should have told you. Its been so long since Ive been on the reservation that I forgot to mention that to you. The Hopi are one of the few tribes that are that dead set against outside commercialism, but you cant really blame them. They were exploited shamelessly in the early 1900s. Dont worry about picturesweve got lots of stock photos we can dig out. You concentrate on the article. If you can put together this cover story as well as those short articles youve been doing, I think we may just have a place for you on the staff. Ive been talking to Jerry, and hes very enthusiastic about you.
Jessie held her breath for a moment. Jerry Corwin was the editor in chief and she knew hed liked her earlier articles. But a staff job? She wasnt sure she was ready to get that entrenched in the magazine.
Well see how this one goes, she said carefully. You never know. I may get three pages in and go under.
Roy laughed. I doubt it. Well, Ill let you go and Ill give Lucas a call. Enjoy the cabin. Ill check back with you in a day or two but if you run into any problems, dont hesitate to call.
All right, Roy. Thanks for everything.
No sweat. What else are bosses for?
Yes, thought Jessie as she hung up the phone, what else? Shed never worked for a man that was as supportive as Roy, or as trusting in her instincts. From the first article shed submitted to him while she still lived in Berkeley, hed been nothing but encouraging, even helping her find a place in Phoenix when shed made the move south. She doubted if she would find a better boss, but the idea of having a staff job scared her. That was a little more permanent than she liked. She needed her freedom.
Again shrugging off the idea until she did more on this article, she turned to the compact, economizing kitchen and began to make herself some dinner.

Lucas Shay was sitting in his Jeep later when the half moon glittered through the pine trees that night. Hed pushed back his straw hat and toyed idly with the memory card in his hand. Up the slight incline to his right sat Roys house.
The lights were on, and occasionally hed seen the ghost of a shadow ripple across the drapes.
He wasnt looking forward to facing Miss Jessica Evans again. He knew now that he should have told her who he was but hed reacted so instinctively out at Oraibi, and shed taken such offense at it that he decided to let his identity slide until he could introduce himself more rationally. Now, sitting here in his Jeep, the idea of going up there didnt seem rational at all.
She hadnt been what hed expected. When Roy had called and asked him to help out another fledgling journalist, Lucas had pictured the other not-too-bright, not-too-pretty would-be writers that Roy had sent him from time to time. They were invariably unimaginative, unintelligent and almost each had, at one time or another, been Roys mistress. But this one seemed out of Roys league.
Shed caught his eye from the time she first stepped out of her car, first because she was a blonde, then because she was almost classic in her simple beauty. He didnt see that often on the reservation. Most of the whites that came to watch the ceremonial dances were grass-roots American tourists, tall and skinny Californians or short and round Nebraskans. Some towed big-breasted teenage daughters, some of the woman sidled around in tight designer jeans, but none of them caught his attention like this one.
She had slid out of the car with supple grace, her jeans provocative but functional over battered cowboy boots, her cap-sleeved shirt practical in the summer heat. He had all the intentions of going over and offering his services as a guide when shed pulled out the camera. Then he acted impulsively, knowing that if he didnt jerk the camera away from her one of the others would, and they wouldnt give it back.
By the time hed seen the sticker in her car window and connected the dots, itd been too late. He smiled grimly to himself in the darkness of his Jeep. She sure had a temper. Shed flung that honey-blonde hair back off her shoulders and narrowed her eyes at him like a cornered cat. It had been exactly that reaction that had made him want to catch the back of her head in his large hand and pull her to him. That combination of earthy beauty and hellfire was a weakness Lucas suffered from, and he had never expected to see it in one of Roys protgs.
Lucas remembered what Roy had said when hed first called his boyhood friend a few days ago.
Shes the best freelancer Ive got, Roy had insisted. Shes working on a cover article, and shes good. Then his tone had dropped to a conspiratorial level. I promise you, itll be worth your while.
Lucas had recognized that remark. Roy had never had any compunction about sharing his bedmates, and if Lucas had wanted any of them that Roy sent up, Roy had always made it clear that his friend had his blessing to indulge himself. Lucas rarely did, but there was no point in telling Roy that he found most of these women vapid and unattractive. Roy was like a kid with these illicit toys he kept hidden away from his wife; no sense spoiling the mans fun.
Now, thinking that Jessica Evans was one of those toys knocked her down several pegs on Lucass yardstick.
But, hell, he had to go up there. So what if she wasnt as smart as she looked, or if she had mediocre taste? Hed given Roy his word hed help her and he would. When Roy had called that evening and asked where hed been today, Lucas slid into the lie and said hed been too busy to meet Miss Evans, sorry. Yes, hed go over to the house and meet her tonight. His mouth had twisted into a grim frown. Roy had never offered his vacation house to any of the other ones. Maybe this one was more than just a fling for the man. And wouldnt Dianne have a fit if she knew Roy was keeping a girl in her cabin?
Looking up now, Lucas saw the lithe shape of her shadow slide across the drapes. Cursing silently, he jammed the memory card into his shirt pocket and pushed open the door of the Jeep.

Jessie had been trying to put together some of her impressions of the day but the screen on her laptop insisted on remaining mostly blank. She was too restless to work. She had cleaned up the kitchen, fixed herself some iced tea, flicked on the TV, then just as quickly flicked it off, and in between it all she had slid into the chair at the dining room table only to stare at the damn blank screen.
The piecemeal impressions shed gotten at Oraibi today just wouldnt gel, not when she thought about the intense stare of the rude stranger shed met there or Roys offer of the staff job or the emotional claustrophobia that she could feel closing in on her. She didnt want to be tied to a job. She didnt want to be tied to anything. For seventeen years shed watched her parents struggle against the yokes of marriage, kids, jobs, and that greatest of chains, home, and she wanted none of it. She never wanted to surrender her freedom to any ideal, and everything shed chosen in the last seven years had been a calculated assault against that same claustrophobia that threatened her now.
Back at the laptop again, she forced herself to tap out a half sentence, then couldnt finish it. She stared moodily at the screen, chin in hand, then almost jumped out of her chair when the doorbell sounded.
Now what? she thought in frustration. Girl Scouts out selling candy on a Sunday night? She crossed the lushly carpeted living room and yanked open the door.
The sight of the black-eyed cowboy standing slack-hipped on her porch hit her like a fist in the stomach. She stepped back in angry surprise, then straightened.
What do you want? she demanded, immediately spouting fire. Did you decide you wanted to break my camera after all? And how did you find me?
The cowboy seemed to smile grimly with one side of his mouth while his eyes glittered like obsidian. Jessie noted with rising temper how he dared to flick those eyes over her, as if she stood for his inspection.
Miss Jessica Evans? he asked, holding up the small business card in his hand. Im Lucas Shay.


###

Back to Table of Contents


Remember Me
Chapter 1

SHE woke up, terrified.
One eye opened on a small room with white walls, white sheets over her in a white bed, drawn white Venetian blinds. The other eye didnt open at all.
In a quick, instinctive action, she attempted to put her hand to her eyeright hand, right eye. The hand was bound, the arm splinted and secured to her side. With her good left eye, she stared at the bandaged, cast arm and white bandages.
She put her left hand to her face. Her right eye was patched, taped, and the tape extended like a cap over most of her head. She had smaller bandages on her chin. At the movement of her arm, her ribs ached. They were wrapped, too.
She was in a hospital; shed been hurt. But she didnt know how. She didnt know what hospital in what city. She didnt know anything that had happened to her, and she didnt know who she was.
In a sudden surge of panic, she tried to sit uppain in her ribs grabbed her at her sudden intake of breathand she looked around. She was in a private room so there was no second bed, no place for anyone else to be. The door was closed. If she were in a mental hospital, which she felt was a distinct possibility, it would be locked. A quick glance at her unbound left wrist allayed her worst fear, but didnt reduce the panic building inside of her. She had to do something! A  nurses button squatted on her bedside table and she jabbed at it. There was no sound. She hit it again, pushed it down and held it. There was a whisper of movement from behind the closed door.
A nurse strode in, tall and slender, concerned, curious. She wore a tight smile.
Good morning. How are you fee
Whats happened to me? Why am I here? Who am I? The voice burst from her, unfamiliar and high with panic.
What? The nurse looked taken back. Quickly, professionally, she readjusted. Now, calm down, Mi
Tell me who I am! she pleaded piteously. Please tell me who I am!

She didnt recognize the doctor, but at this point she would have been suspiciously surprised if she recognized anyone. The nurse had skittered out of the room so fast that she knew she was seriously ill. She forced herself into a semblance of composure although she was still quaking inside.
The doctor was average height, mid-forties, with short, curly salt and pepper hair. He had a quick smile, reassuring yet without the impersonal blandness of the nurse. His eyes were gray and quick, haloed by crows-foot wrinkles. He brushed past the nurse at the door and breezed in.
Good morning, he said. Im Dr. DAngelo. Im glad to see youre awake. I expected you to come out of the anesthetic yesterday evening, but with all your injuries, Im just as glad you slept.
She stared at him, her mind straining to remember him, to remember anything. It was all a blank.
I dontshould I ...
Dr. DAngelo smiled compassionately. You dont know me. The only time you may have seen me before was when you were already under the effects of the anesthesia.  His smile faded. The nurse tells me you dont know who you are. Is that right?
She was afraid she might cry. She nodded, feeling her chin quiver, wanting this man to comfort her, console her, give her back her life. I, I ... Her voice broke.
Thats all right, Dr. DAngelo said as he took her hand and patted it while she struggled to swallow her tears. It must be terribly frightening for you. You are safe, though, and youll be fine in a few days, physically at least. Do you mind if I check something?
She shook her head. He pulled out a penlight and leaned toward her to shine it into her good eye. Whatever he saw when he held her eye open with practiced fingers seemed to satisfy him. He sat back in his chair.
We were afraid you had some internal hemorrhaging, but I dont think so. You do have a severe concussion, though. Your right arm is broken, and your shoulder was dislocated. Your right eye is all right, just some close cuts that required stitches, and I was afraid youd rub at them in your sleep. We can take the patch off now. Oh, and you bruised a couple of ribs.
What happened to me?
You were in a car accident. You dont remember anything about it?
She shook her head. Can youtell me who I am?
That smile again. Your name is Eleanor Cole. Youre twenty-four years old, and you were in a very serious accident. The driver of the car was killed. From what I can gather, you took the brunt of the impact on the right side of your upper body, which is why you feel so lopsided. We had thought you were extremely lucky to come out with a concussion when, by rights, you might have had your skull crushed. Is anything Im telling you bringing any memories to mind?
No, none of it. Does amnesia always do that, blank out everything? I feel so lost.
Im not surprised. Amnesias a funny thing. We still dont understand it. Sometimes it can affect people partially, blocking out only parts of their memory, although mostly thats a psychological mechanism. Yours, I would guess, is strictly physical, and that kind very often produces a complete blank.
It is permanent?
Again, were not sure. Sometimes itll clear up in a few days, sometimes never. Ive seen cases where it comes back little by little and cases where the patient wakes up one morning and boom, its all back. Im afraid thats not very professional, but we just dont know. Its not a very promising picture, but I dont want to give you any false hopes.
I see. Intellectually, she did. Emotionally, she felt like Alice in Wonderland, fallen down a rabbit hole and unable to get back or even to see where she fell from. Dr. DAngelo was nice, but he wasnt a fixture in her life. She had a name and an age, but other than that, she had nothing. She was entirely alone.
I hate to ask this, but do you feel up to some simple tests? Nothing difficult, just blood and pulse, simple reflexes, that sort of thing. Maybe later well do a brain scan just to be safe.
Will you be able to tell why I cant remember? 
I dont know. Its doubtful.
All right. Whatever you have to do is all right.
He studied her for a moment, then rose to go. Im sure you dont feel lucky right now, but perhaps later, youll be able to look back and see it. You really are a very lucky young woman.
The nurse administered the first tests. Eleanor submitted to her instructions without protest. She allowed her temperature to be taken, her pulse, even a small blood sample and endured it all without a word.
She didnt feel like an Eleanor. Eleanor sounded like a comic name for an elephant, or at the very least an aged, maiden aunt. What kind of parents had she had that would name a baby Eleanor? And where were Mr. and Mrs. Cole anyway? Did they know that their daughter was dead and that a newborn, frightened girl cowered in Eleanors body?
What city is this? she dared when the nurse removed the thermometer.
Denver.
Colorado?
Yes. Do you know the city? The nurse went about her duties but watched Eleanor curiously.
No. I just know its in Colorado. She hesitated to ask her next question. Is there . has there been anyone waiting to see me?
Yes, Mr. Coles been quite anxious to see you. Do you think youd like to have a visitor?
I dont know. She was half relieved, half panic-stricken. At least someone was here who knew her, someone from her past life. That was comforting. But what would her father think when she didnt recognize him? And where was her mother? Dead? She wasnt sure she wanted to have her father come in and be a total stranger.
Hes been waiting all night. I think he slept in the waiting room, the nurse went on. I dont know if the doctor had a chance to talk to him or not, but I know hes very anxious to see you if you feel up to it.
What about the tests?
Im almost done with what I have to do here, and the doctors ordered a brain scan. That will be in a little while. You have time.
Well, she swallowed, I guess so. Can Ican you take this bandage off my eye? Dr. DAngelo said it was okay.
Sure, the nurse answered with a smile and peeled the tape off Eleanors tender skin. Is that better?
Yes. At least I dont feel like a fish anymore, staring out only one side of my face. Thanks.
Youre welcome. Ill just run these things to the lab and then let the desk know you can see Mr. Cole. If you want anything, just buzz. 
Thank you.
Eleanor felt around her right eye. There were three or four small cuts woven with stitches. She realized Dr. DAngelo was right. She was lucky. It was difficult enough coming to terms with her amnesia but how much more so would it be if she were blind? Just the thought made her shiver.
She wished shed thought to have the nurse open the blinds. She knew it was mid-morning, but she had no idea what day it was or what season. Shed like to look outside. Maybe once her father got over the initial shock, he would open them for her. She wondered what he would look like.
There was the whispering behind the door that signaled someones entrance. A different nurse, younger, more girlish, pushed open the door.
Mrs. Cole? she called cheerfully. Your husband is here to see you.
Husband? 
The word was a cold steel sword piercing her body, impaling her on the bed in frozen fear. God, she was married! The idea of meeting her husband bound up her brain in a functionless vise. She pressed back into the pillows and stared at the opening door like a rabbit at an approaching snake.
As soon as she saw him, she realized she had good cause to be afraid.
He was huge. His thick, black hair only missed the top door jamb by a fraction of an inch, and his shoulders filled the entire width of the frame. He came in casually yet there was a tautness to his walk, a tension in his carriage that frightened her. But his eyeshis eyes were enough to elicit a whimper of fear from her.
They were black and as deep as a bottomless pool. They looked like the kind of eyes Satan might havecommanding, examining, discerning. They swept her in a contemptible gaze. His entire face was arranged in a forbidding frown. She felt a chilling feeling wash over her, a feeling that he would much rather have seen her dead.
Good morning, Elly, he said. His voice was deep-timbered yet she heard the bite of sarcasm. How are you feeling?
She couldnt answer. Her throat worked soundlessly, her mouth opened, but no words came out.
Speechless, Elly? He stood close by the bed, his hands held behind his back as if to keep from slapping her. His black brows frowned down at her. Whats the matter, did you use up all your powers of communication on that marvelous little note you left me? Or didnt you expect to see me here? You dont have anyone else now, you know. Just me.
It sounded like a threat. Elly squirmed. She didnt like this man. She wished a nurse would come.
Im waiting, Elly, he said crossly. If youre expecting pity for your wounds, you can forget it. Well? No tears? No explanations? Your note was so well worded. Im waiting for a live performance.
Have you her voice was barely a whisper have you talked with Dr. DAngelo?
Last night. He told me what all youve got splinted and bandaged. You dont really expect me to feel sorry for you, do you?
I dont expect anything, she managed. I dont remember anything. 
His scowl deepened. What do you mean, you dont remember anything? Dont try to pass this off, Elly. It wont work.
A needle of irritation worked beneath the fear she felt. The man knew he was threatening-looking, and he played it for all he was worth. She found a trace of stubbornness to use against his bullying.
Im not trying to pass off anything, she said coldly. I have amnesia.  I dont know you or anything about any of the things youre saying. I cant remember anything at all.
His black eyes sparked to life and he studied her face, his look leaving her cold. The planes of his face were like cool stone. She tried not to shrink away from the hatred she felt emanating from him, but it was almost a physical force.
Dont be stupid, he growled low in his throat. Are you trying to tell me you dont remember writing that note? I have it with me, you know. Or you dont remember packing and leaving? Its gone too far to play games, Elly.
Im not playing games, and Im not trying to tell you anything except that I dont remember. She was surprised at the anger she felt, too surprised to notice how her voice had risen or how her husbands jaw tightened.
If you dont remember anything, then why did you look like a scared rabbit when I came in? You wouldnt be afraid of me if you didnt remember.
I didnt know you were my husband. They said Mr. Cole; I thought they meant my father. And when you came in, you looked like you wanted to finish what the accident didnt. Why shouldnt I be afraid? Apparently, I have good reason to be.
Youre damn right you do, he agreed.
Look, she said. I dont know what it was that I supposedly did to you to make you so mad, but
You dont know what you supposedly did? he sneered. Well, let me tell you, Mrs. Cole. He pulled the doctors chair up and leaned over the back of it. You wrote me a wonderful note telling me what an emotional cripple I was, packed your bags and ran off with your lover. Thats what you did.
Elly was stunned. No. Youre lying.
I wish I were.
She couldnt face those black, bottomless eyes. Shaking her head, she looked down. Its impossible. I dont feel like I could have done that. I ought to be able to feel something. Try as she might, she could summon up no names, no faces, no emotions except the confusing ones struggling inside of her right now. Expecting her to claim those emotion-charged actions was unthinkable.
Then she remembered something Dr. DAngelo had said.
The doctor said the driver of the car was killed. She stared up at her husband guilelessly. Was that ... ?
Yes.
She nodded and looked away. I dont see how it can be true, what youre telling me. I dont even know his name. I dont feel sad. I dont feelanything. 
His name was Adam, Cole supplied through clenched teeth. You know, like the first man?
His tone alerted Elly and she tried to read his eyes. There was something else there, an inference.
It doesnt mean anything, she said. Im sorry I cant spar with you about it; I dont know my lines.
Their eyes locked in an unforgiving tug-of-war. Elly could see that her husband had no plans to let her off the hook for what shed done, but she refused to be bullied. She didnt feel guilty and she wouldnt act like it, regardless of the way he glared at her. If their marriage had been so filled with hate, maybe they were better off divorced. Maybe, once she got her bearings, that was the course of action shed have to take. It was ridiculous to fight with a man she didnt know.
Mrs. Cole? Oh. The tall nurse pushed in, then stopped at the sight of the hulking Mr. Cole standing so oddly over his wife. In the split second before he turned away, she could feel the tension. It was obvious theyd had words.
Im sorry, Mr. Cole, Ill have to ask you to leave now. Mrs. Cole is scheduled for further tests upstairs.
Fine, he said. He couldnt erase the anger from his voice, but when he straightened and faced the nurse, his features were smoothed into an expressionless mask. When can I see her again?
Im not sure how long the tests will take. You had probably better check with the doctor a little later. Im sure hell have a better idea of Mrs. Coles condition.
He nodded and started for the door. Just past the nurse, he stopped and stared back at Elly. Well catch up on things later, he said, and walked out.
During the testing, Elly asked the doctorinnocentlyto brush her up on her past history. While a technician applied electrodes to her hairline, Dr. DAngelo read her medical file to her.
Parents Glen and Peg Hatcher, address given as Carrizozo, New Mexico. One brother, Bryan, two years older, also in New Mexico. Your husband is thirty-four and a colonel in the Air Force. You live in Colorado Springs, where you are employed by the Colorado Springs School District. You have no children. Your medical history is normal: mumps, measles, chicken pox. No congenital diseases, no heart problems, no respiratory difficulties. Youre a normal, red-blooded American girl. Unfortunately your file has nothing about your emotional life. I cant tell you a thing about what kind of life you had before the accident.
He paused, watching as the last of the electrode pins were placed beneath the skin around her hair. When the technician was done, DAngelo handed him the chart and sent him out of the room.
The nurse told me your husband was in to see you. I dont know what went on; I dont think I want to. If Id been consulted, I wouldnt have allowed it, but I suppose I should have made that clear. Im sorry. I hope it wasnt too upsetting.
Elly remained silent. How could she explain what she didnt understand herself?
Ive left word at the desk that youre to have no visitors without clearance from me, and Ill always check with you. I think it best to re-educate you to your past life slowly.
Thank you, Doctor.
One thing, though, that I cant ignore and youve got to know. Youre eight weeks pregnant.

The tests showed nothing that they didnt already know. The EEG showed normal waves, normal activity. Whatever synapse that had broken down to cause her memory lapse was apparently not disrupting her other cranial functions, and she tested out perfectly normal. Dr. DAngelo wasnt surprised.
I was afraid it might be like this, he shrugged when he visited her in her room later. Not that I didnt want you to test out normal, but it gives us absolutely no clues. The best we can hope for is that once you return to your regular day-to-day life, the familiar places, the people, the routines will jog memory banks and bring it back to you in time. It could start to happen immediately; it could take any amount of time you want to name. We just dont know.
I understand.
Dr. DAngelo sighed impatiently. I wish I could do more. The good news is that your concussion is not as bad as it could be, and you can go home in a day or two. Ill have to set up appointments for you to check back, say every two weeks for a month or so, then Ill want to see you about every six weeks. The cast can come off in four to six weeks. After that, you should be about as good as new.
Elly felt her stomach knot. Go home with her husband? Leave the safety of the hospital and go off with that huge, hulking stranger who hated her?
Mrs. Cole, the doctor interrupted. At the sight of her pale stricken face, he reached for her hand. If you have any doubts about your safety in a home situation with your husband, please let me know. Maybe I could call your parents, or ...
Do my parents know? Do they know where I am or what happened?
Your husband told me he had called them. More than that I dont know and this, of course, was before we knew you were amnesiac. Would you like me to call them?
Ino, not yet. Ive got to think. I feel so lost, I just dont know who I can turn to, who I need. Its frightening to even think of meeting people Im supposed to know and finding them total strangers.
Im sure it must be very strange. He stood, clipboard under his arm. Well, let me know if theres anything I can do. Ill check back with you after dinner.
Thank you. She braved a smile for the one person in the world who seemed to care for her. She didnt even want to think about leaving the safety of his jurisdiction.
Oh, Doctor, she called when he was almost out the door. He turned back. The man who was killed? In the car? He nodded. Was his name Adam? 
Yes. Adam Wolfford.

Her bedside phone jangled her out of a troubled sleep. She instinctively reached with her right hand, remembered the cast and lay it against her side. It was a little difficult to learn to do things with her left hand, but she would manage.
Hello?
Mrs. Cole? Dr. DAngelo. Did I wake you? 
Not really, she lied. What time is it?
Almost seven. Im afraid Im running late; I had an emergency up here on three, and Im not going to get back to you tonight. What I called for though was to find out if you want to see your husband. Hes been harassing the girls at the desk for over an hour, I guess, until I could get free. Hes very determined to see you.
Elly could well believe that. No doubt he wanted to do a little more headhunting.
Its up to you, Dr. DAngelo continued. If you feel up to it, its all right with me.
Um, I think maybe no more today, she said. I am tired and I still need time to think. Maybe tomorrow he and I can decide what I should do.
Good. I dont want you immersed in emotional problems just yet. Ill call down to the desk and have them tell Mr. Cole youre sleeping. He can come back in the morning if hes so determined.
Yes.
All right, then. Did you have dinner? Everything okay? 
Fine.
Any questions you want to ask, anything I can help you with?
No, really, everything is fine. The only thing I want is my memory, and since I cant have that, Ill have to make do with what Ive got.

She dreamed she was in a house, a huge white house with towers and gables and tall, leaded windows. She had to go inside, although she didnt know why, and instead of rooms she found nothing but hallways. Long, dimly-lit corridors led in all directions, turned left, turned right, went on to infinity it seemed. At first she thought the walls were black, but as she chose a corridor and started down it, she realized it was paneled with mirrorslong, slender framed mirrors. Each mirror leaned at a slightly different angle than the ones on either side of it, so the collage of images they formed was a shattered, piecemeal picture of bits of frame and countless reflected mirrors. In none of the mirrors did she see herself.
She walked on, rationalizing to herself that the mirrors were all at odd angles to her and that was why they were so curiously blank, but as she neared a corner she approached a larger mirror set heavily against the wall. Its face shown silver as she neared, and flattened to a dull gray as she came around its edge. When she stood in front of it, she stopped and turned her head slowly to its face.
It reflected everything but her.

When she assured herself she was awake, she had to lie still for a moment just to calm her pounding heart. Her left hand shook even as she pressed it to her chest, and her mouth was cottony. She caught her breath, then slid from the bed and made her way to the bathroom. The harsh, white light was almost blinding.
She peered at herself in the bathroom mirror. Her face was not familiar.
She had blue eyes, dark with large, fearful pupils that seemed to try to hide in her face. Her features were ordinary, her nose average. She had neither high cheekbones nor a wide mouth. The only way to describe herself was, perhaps, nondescript.
Except for the right eye. Uncovered, it still bore four small cross-hatched cuts that radiated outward toward her hair line. She touched a finger to the brownish stitches. One of them puckered, drew her skin upward in a parody of a childlike imitation of an Asian. Yes, her right eye had a definite slant to it.
She wondered if Dr. DAngelo had noticed. Perhaps the pucker would smooth out once the stitches were out. Shed have to ask him.
Her cap of bandages was gone, but a three-inch square patch covered her right temple. She touched it gingerly; it was tender. Behind it, her hair was dark brown and hung lifelessly. It was blunt-cut just above her shoulders, and she apparently wore it without bangs. It looked very dull.
Well, she thought, at least I have a face.
For the first time she allowed herself to think about what Dr. DAngelo had told her earlier. What would the baby look like? Her, or her dark, storm-cloud faced husband? She put a wondering hand on her stomach. Eight weeks wasnt much. It wouldnt move or even show for months. She had seven months to picture a face for it. Blue eyes, black eyes, orGod, shed almost forgottenwhat about Adam?
She returned to her bed and fell heavily into it, the weight of the world pressing her down. It was all a huge, horrible practical joke, with her as the butt. Her former self had somehow gotten her into a hundred messes and then had conveniently vanished, leaving the new-born, memoryless Elly to clear them up. For some reason her marriage was a disaster, she was pregnant with a choice of fathers, and her lover, or at least the one man she trusted enough to go off with, was dead. It wasnt fair that she be the one, she with no hindsight, to make sense out of the problems shed had no hand in creating. And how could she possibly hope to handle having a baby when she was a baby herself, not even a day old? It was all ridiculous, crazy, insane. And depressing. Turning restlessly into her pillow, Elly felt tears welling in her dark blue eyes. Not even one day old, and she cried herself to sleep.

Good morning, Mrs. Cole. Sleep well? Dr. DAngelo settled himself cheerfully on the straight-backed chair.
Well enough, I guess. I think I could have used one of those frequently joked about sleeping pills, though.
He smiled at her humor. Sorry. No sedatives for pregnant ladies. Maybe today youll feel more like walking. If we can tire you out, youll sleep better.
I hope so. Ive got so much to think about that my brain isnt able to gear down. By the way, I did think of some questions Id like answered.
Oh? Good. I hope I can answer them. He waited patiently.
Well, she began slowly, Im not sure how to word it exactly. I was wondering why I know some things and not others. I knew Denver was in Colorado, I knew how to turn on the TV, how to open the blinds. Why can I remember unimportant things like that and not remember my name or even what I look like? I had to look at myself in the mirror last night before I knew what color my eyes were.
Dr. DAngelo was nodding. Yes, its usually that way. Very rarely well hear of someone who needs to be completely re-taught, and I mean in everythingeating, walking, talking. Usually that sort of thing is bordering on catatonia, though, and thats a whole different ball game. No, most amnesiacs are like youthe transparent knowledge of things we seldom think about is retained while anything dealing with the personality itself is suppressed. Again, as frustrating as it is, its not unusual.
Frustrating is putting it lightly. Well, second question: I noticed my right eye looks a little slanted by the stitches. Will that be permanent?
Oh? He cocked his head at her, his quick, gray eyes dodging across her face. Well, Ill be. It sure is. I hadnt noticed. That shouldnt be a problem. Some of the swelling still needs to go down, and after a day or two youll probably notice the difference is less. Still, if its enough to bother you, we can do a little corrective plastic surgery. That part is easy.
Im glad something is. She managed to return his smile. I guess the only other thing is, do I get released today?
How do you feel about it?
I dont know. Scared. I have no idea what Ill be going to.
Dr. DAngelo nodded. Actually, Id just as soon keep you one more day, just to be safe. By tomorrow morning we ought to be able to remove those stitches, fit you with a surgical girdle for your ribs and get that bandage off your head. At least you can go home not looking like a war casualty.
All right. I cant say that I mind.
I didnt think you would. Im not awfully worried about your physical condition. Youre a tough, young woman. A  lot of women would have lost that baby in an accident like that, but you must have deliberately shielded your abdomen with your head and shoulder. Ive seen your records from your gynocologist in Colorado Springs and I cant see that youll have any problems with your pregnancy. All in all, youre in pretty good shape.
Physically, she amended.
Physically. Which reminds me. If you want any kind of counselingpsychological, psychiatric, whateverwe can set it up for you. It might make it easier to come to terms with your predicament, although I would say from what Ive seen that youre a pretty level-headed person.
Thanks, but I dont think it would help.  Id probably fail the Rorschach. No, I think what I need to do is go home, wherever that is, and try to start where the me before left off. Somehow Ive got to start at the beginning.
Sounds commendable to me. He rose to leave. Which brings us to the fact that your husband is waiting to see you. Do you feel up to it?
She sighed and suppressed a shudder. I guess so. He wants answers as much as I do, and at this point it looks like the only way to find them is by talking it out.
Dr. DAngelo stared down at her a moment, pity foremost in his eyes. If you need me, Ill be on the floor. Just buzz the nurse. 
I will. Thanks.
A nurse ushered Cole in, a slightly more reserved Cole, although his eyes sparked dangerously as soon as they settled on his wife. He kept his posture and carriage unprepossessing until the door clicked shut behind the nurse. Then, Elly realized uncomfortably, he reared up to his full height like a bear going to battle. It wasnt a consoling sight.
Dr. DAngelo said hes going to release you tomorrow. 
Elly ignored his lack of greeting. Yes, she said simply. 
Well?
Well what?
What are you going to do? He stood at parade rest over her, his look at once commanding and daring.
For the first time she considered the fact that he didnt want her. Not that she could blame him, knowing how brazenly she had left once, but she had thought by his fiercely determined attitude that he still had some feeling for her. Hate binds as well as love, she reflected, and it was certainly hate she saw emanating from his eyes. But maybe it wasnt the binding kind.
Well?
Im not sure what Im going to do, she said thoughtfully. I dont think I have a lot of options. I might ask you, since you so obviously feel nothing but contempt for me, what do you care what I do?
He looked patently shocked. You are my wife, you know. 
That doesnt really answer the question.
It does for me. You have a home, a career, a circle of friends. Where else would you go?
She shrugged with practiced unconcern. I dont know. I just have to wonder why you want me if I humiliated you so badly by leaving. You dont love meor who I was. I know that much. Why should you want me back?
He began to pace and looked for all the world like a huge black lion in a cage. Elly wondered if he were as brutally strong as he looked.
I need answers, he said grudgingly. I cant deny that Im angry and resentful of you. Im not offering you a place of honor in my home, but I need answers. You can give them to me.
Me? She almost laughed. I had to be told my own name and you expect me to have answers for you?
Not right away, no. He turned a stubborn look to her. Im not unreasonable. I know itll take time for you to remember. But when you do, I want to know why.
Why what?
Why you left me.
It was the last thing she expected him to say.
Dr. DAngelo said I may never regain my memory. 
I dont believe that. I think you will.
And if I dont?
His look darkened in rejection. I guess well never know until the time comes.
I thought you said I left a note, Elly remembered. 
You did.
Suddenly she felt she was on shaky ground. Just the mention of the note brought a scowl to his face.
Did I explain anything in it?
It was too emotional. Its not valid.
May I see it?
His head snapped up as if she had suggested something unforgivable. No.
She roused in irritation. Why not?
Because its not valid. It was an emotional attack on me and it just was not a practical explanation. It had no bearing on the actual situation.
I would think if it were the last thing I wrote to you that it would have a lot of bearing. I may have been finally able to write what I had been feeling and not saying or, or
No! he roared. We wont talk about the note! Forget about it. It doesnt matter.
Like hell, Elly thought. His sudden thundering outburst quelled her own response, though. She wished she knew if hed ever hit her.
All right, she agreed, thin-lipped. At any rate, I have more or less thought that I should go back home, wherever that is. I figured if I was ever going to remember, I would have to start where I left off before. I guess were both agreed on that.
He settled somewhat under her response. He looked relieved in a restless sort of way.
Good. Ill pick you up tomorrow, then. About noon.
Theres one more thing, she said. Her coolness evaporated and she plucked nervously at her blanket. It may make a difference, but you have a right to know. Dr. DAngelo told me Im pregnant.
There was a moment of silence but she couldnt bring herself to lift her eyes to his face. She had a feeling she wouldnt have been comforted by what she saw there.
I know, he said finally.
Diddid the doctor tell you?
No. You did. 


###

Back to Table of Contents


Romance - Satire

The Pits of Passion by Amber Flame
Chapter 1

ELIZABETH Rosanna Montgomery made a conscious effort to raise her chin and focus her jade-green eyes directly in front of her. Stepping down from her carriage, she mentally gathered her strength, preparing to brave the Iron Boar Tavern to collect the rent. For some reason, even after six months, this was still the chore most demanding of her spirit.
Youre alone now, she told herself, and theres no one to do it but you. Her parents had died as they had lived, together, in each others arms, in a carriage wreck. At their death, Elizabeth had felt part of herself die as well, but she resolved to carry on the might of the Montgomery empire and not give in to the fearful weakness that threatened her.
Just eighteen, Elizabeth was a beauty. Her hair was a curtain of honey, although not as sticky, and framed her smooth-skinned face. Her flawless skin was like creamy alabaster, and her eyes were sparkling jade stones set in the clear face. Whenever she walked through London, people stopped to stare at her beauty and at her temptingly ripe young body. Even now, as she drew breath to brave the Iron Boar, a young lad tripped over a dog as he walked by staring at her.
Elizabeth smoothed her skirt and stepped inside the dark tavern. The smell of alcohol, sweat and stale dirt assailed her nostrils, but she refused to allow that to deter her. She slapped her ever-present riding crop nervously on her skirt. That gave her little security, but the black powder pistol thrust into her garter bolstered her courage. She stepped up to the stained common table and fixed a baleful eye on the man she had come to see.
The rent is due, sir, she said. The sir was strictly a formality.
It is, is it? bellowed the man with a rough laugh. He was a large beefy man, with huge beefy arms and a beefy face. His cheeks shook when he laughed. So the high and mighty Miss Montgomery would pilfer my few pennies from me, would she? he asked snidely.
You may take your Iron Boar and your business elsewhere if it suits you, she said grimly. But the rent for this month is due - now. Elizabeth had begun to sweat and the perspiration trickled down between her breasts. She hoped the man would not notice the darkened bodice of her clinging dress. Almost as if he read her thoughts, his eyes traveled to her rounded breasts, feasting on the sight of them rising and falling with each breath.
Elizabeth turned away, slapping her crop on the table. If you do not pay your debt, I shall be forced to call the Magistrate in on this matter. Now what will it be, Mr. Hockersmith?
Beefy Mr. Hockersmith heaved himself up from the table and went back toward the kitchen. Come here then, and Ill give you your money.
Feeling somewhat relieved that she had had no more trouble, she followed. Just then a dark shape caught her eye and she noticed a man lunging at her from the shadows of the corner.
Just in time, Elizabeth whirled and laid her crop across the mans face, dodging his clumsy attempt at catching hold of her. Instead he caught only the sweaty, damp bodice of her gown and with a long rip, tore the front of it away from her heaving breasts. Elizabeth screamed, clutching her trembling nakedness in panic and modesty. The drunken man leered up at her from the floor where he had stumbled, the fabric of her dress in his head, a welt across his face and lust in his eyes.
Youre a beauty! he said, and scrambled across the floor toward her. Elizabeth screamed again, thrashing him with her crop, holding her burning breasts and trying to keep the man from crawling under the hem of her gown.
Suddenly a booted foot appeared and, with a swift kick, tumbled the man over sideways. Elizabeth turned, crop raised, ready to face a new adversary, but she was met by a darkly handsome visage that stared concernedly down at her.
Are you all right, madam? he asked. His piercing blue eyes stabbed hers, impaling them so she could not look away.
Uh, yes, I-Im all right, she stammered. Suddenly she remembered her condition and clutched the shreds of her bodice together, feebly trying to cover her young bosom. The motion only served to attract the handsome mans eyes, and his gaze took in all the charms she could not hide.
Here, he said, and he gently placed his coat around her shoulders. It smelled of leather and tobacco and was very large. It reached almost to her knees.
Thank you, she murmured quietly. She had not expected to be treated so gently or politely. It befuddled her so that she had difficulty finding her tongue.
Mr. Hockersmith, the man called loudly, turning toward the kitchen. Have you the rent money yet, or do you need aid to get it out here? It was more an ultimatum than a question.
No, no, Mr. Hockersmith said quickly. He stepped immediately from the doorway where he had witnessed the entire scene. He had hoped to be forgotten during the ruckus, but now came forward almost eagerly, with a small bag of money. Smiling to the stranger, he held up the pouch. Its right here, he said, and handed it to Elizabeth. Her small delicate hand appeared from the great coat and took the money.
Now lets see no more trouble over the rent, eh, Mr. Hockersmith? the dark man said.
Oh, no, sir, no trouble at all, the tavern keeper said quickly. He smiled nervously.
The stranger turned again to Elizabeth and she felt his ice-blue eyes devouring her, eating away her garment down to her very soul, and her heart quickened. She found herself growing very warm, whether from his gaze or his coat she wasnt sure.
I should think youll have no more trouble here, madam, he said, and he strode silently out the door.
Elizabeth watched him go, feeling both relief and sorrow that he was gone. Staring after him, she asked quietly, Who was that dark man?
Why, dont you know? Mr. Hockersmith asked incredulously. That was Benjamin Ascott Elliott.

Elizabeth had vowed upon her parents death to carry on the Montgomery name with pride and fortitude. She would continue all enterprises by herself, without interference and without aid from anyone. Therefore, the specter of the strange, handsome man was troublesome to her, for only through his aid had she come unscathed from the Iron Boar. She was grateful for his help, but irritated by the fact that she had required it.
Until six months ago, she had enjoyed being the only daughter of Ellen and Charles Montgomery, the pampered child with the silver spoon in her mouth. She had gloried in her parents adoration and wealth, and played teasing games with the serious young men who came to court her. Now, though, she was determined to take the reins of adulthood and ride unscathed through her adversity. She became quieter, more serious and more formal. She had even taken the more formal name Elizabeth, when before she had been content with Bess (or Beth, as Beggar Ely the hair lip called her). Now she considered herself a full-grown woman, capable of handling her own affairs. And this man Elliott was a thorn in the side of her independence.
The day after the encounter at the Iron Boar, Elizabeth called her servant, Trevor, to her and asked him if he knew of this man Elliott. Why, yes, milady, I know of him. Everyone knows of him.
Elizabeth chose to ignore the implication. Do you know where to find him? she asked.
Yes, milady. He be down at the shipyards most likely. He be a shipping tycoon. 
Elizabeths first impulse was to toss the loaned jacket to Trevor and have him return it, but when she picked up the garment, it clung to her hand like it had a will of its own. She couldnt seem to undo her grasp on the manly-smelling thing, and so, becoming prideful, she ordered Trevor to bring the carriage about and she would return the coat herself.
Trevor guided the matched pair of dapple-grays expertly through the London traffic to the shipyards. Elizabeth sat arrogantly in the coach, unmindful of the beggars and dirty children and fathers shoveling sheep dip at the shipyards. She was concentrating all her energies on getting the jacket unstuck from her hand.
By the time Trevor stopped the grays, Elizabeth was ready. She climbed down from her carriage and cast about for the sight of the strangely handsome man. All she saw were grimy, smelly seamen, none of whom looked familiar. Plucking up her skirts and her courage, she began to walk along the docks, going from ship to ship in her search. Trevor sat up on the carriage bench and fell asleep.
Elizabeth searched the face of every man she saw, and she saw every one on the docks; they stumbled over themselves to get a glimpse of her, one man so struck by her beauty that he fell into the water and drowned before anyone noticed he was missing.
Elizabeth tried desperately to ignore the stares and catcalls that followed her, but the men grew bold. Three of them confronted her, their eyes roaming her body crudely, their tongues hanging out of their mouths.
Shes a beauty, aint she? one asked his cohorts.
Aye, she be a beauty, another agreed. But she be all covered up and you cant see all of her.
Well fix that, the first one said, and lunged for Elizabeths lace-covered throat. She twisted, whirling away from his grasp, but his fingers caught on the lace and tore a swathe down the front of her gown. Clutching her burning breasts, she raised her hand to strike the man with her crop, but she only succeeded in blinding the man with a well-placed button.
Taking advantage of the confusion, Elizabeth turned and fled down the dock. Her face flamed with disgrace and tears blinded her as she ran. Suddenly she was brought up short by a very hard, masculine chest.
Whoa! a deep voice chuckled above her. She looked up, blinking away the tears and saw the familiar swarthy face.
Mr. Elliott! she said. All the plans of independence shed made dissolved at the touch of his hand on her arm. Forgetting her resolutions, she felt only relief that she had found him in time.
I was returning your coat, sir, she explained, and those men attacked me.
My coat? he asked. He raised a coal black eyebrow and stared down at her expectantly.
Yes, you know, the one you laid about my shoulders yesterday in the Iron Boar. You do remember me, dont you?
Why, yes, of course, he said quickly. He appraised her condition with a sweep of his deep blue eyes. Why dont you come aboard my ship and well see if we cant repair the damage. A bit of string or some glue should do it. Come along.
Placing one hand compassionately on her buttocks and the other on her arm, he led her down a gangplank to a low-riding dark-wooded ship. 
This is your ship? she asked, wide-eyed. It was a very strange chip, low and narrow and with cannons mounted all along the sides. The flag it flew was completely black.
Yes, this is the Black Beauty, he answered proudly. Come on, Ill show you around.
Hesitantly Elizabeth allowed him to lead her aboard the ship. There were few crewmen and they all seemed very quiet and watchful. Their eyes seemed to follow her everywhere about the ship until the mysterious Mr. Elliott led her down to his cabin.
Here are my quarters, he said with a flourish. The cabin was probably quite roomy as far as cabins go, but it seemed very small and compact to Elizabeth. There were several sea trunks pushed against the walls, a large roll top desk and an even larger wooden-sided bunk. The windows all had black curtains over them and the room was very dark.
Its very nice, she stammered. Elizabeth knew nothing about captains quarters, but she supposed it was very nice. While she looked about, Mr. Elliott took the coat from her and tossed it across one of the sea chests. She turned toward him and was suddenly very aware of the fact that they were alone.
You have the advantage over me, he said, his eyes traveling over her body. Elizabeth looked confused. You know my name, but I dont know yours.
Oh, she laughed nervously. Its Elizabeth Montgomery. She was beginning to feel very hot and flushed, even allowing for the draft that came in through her torn bodice.
Well, my dear,  he said, coming closer. Let us see how badly your dress was damaged.  He slipped one arm around her back and then plucked at the shreds of lace Elizabeth tried to hold together. She felt his fingers probing, stroking her tender flesh, and all her blood seemed to rush boiling to her head. She gasped and stared up into those cool, icy eyes, her mouth open to protest, but he silenced her easily with a savage, bruising kiss. His lips were like burning brands on hers, searing her flesh until she could almost smell the smoke. Her blood pounded in her head, and at the same time she realized his blood was pounding somewhere else. Feeling confused and panic-stricken, she tried to wriggle away from his embrace of steel, but her attempts only enflamed him more. Weakly she tried to push him away, but when she succeeded in managing a two-inch gap between them, her dress crumpled from her shoulders to the floor.
Im very good at buttons with my right hand, he said huskily, and pulled her closer again. Her thin chemise was like nothing between them, and she could feel his hard muscles bruising her body. He forced kisses on her face and throat, his hands holding her fast against his assault. One hand moved boldly upward until it caught her ripe young breast, and to her dismay, her breast seemed to thrust itself further into his hand. His other hand roved downward and gripped her taut buttock, and her buttock seemed to mold itself to his grasp. Elizabeth felt as if her body were betraying her. Even her feet wouldnt do what she told them to. Her mind screamed out in protest against this man taking such liberties, but her body responded shamelessly. Trembling and helpless, she stood trapped as he quickly shed his own clothes and slipped her chemise from her fevered body.
Oh, my God! she breathed weakly. She had never seen a naked man before, and the sight shocked her. She hurriedly cast her eyes downward, safely down to where she could only see his feet and trim ankles. Involuntarily, her gaze lifted, to his alabaster thighs and his . . . 
Without a word, he scooped her up in his arms and carried her to the bed. She protested feebly but found that all her struggles were in vain. He moved over her, claiming her body with his, driving his claim stake into her where no one ever had before. She felt the pain, felt it tearing her, ripping her body, and she struggled anew, but this only increased his passion until he was taking her wildly, like an animal aroused.
Sheee-itt  he said suddenly, and shuddered above her. Then he laid still, his mouth pressed against her throat, his hands cradling her ripe young hiney. His breath was like a hot flame that tickled her flesh and she felt new shame and indignation over what had happened.
Let me go! she screamed, and began to pummel him with her small fists. You animal! You rapist! You anti-social deviant! Let me go!
Gad, but youre beautiful when you re angry,  he said. I ought to just  . . .
Let me go! she wailed. Isnt it enough that youve robbed me of the only thing that was mine alone to give? That youve stolen the one treasure I held in sacred trust for my husband? That youve degraded and humiliated me beyond measure? That you 
Enough! he said suddenly. His steely blue eyes roamed her body, still flushed with passion, taking in all the hills and valleys she could no longer hide. His gaze swept her, caressing her silken skin, then looking back into her eyes as if hed just remembered there was a head attached.
You cannot blame me, madam, for tasting the fruits you so blatantly possess. There is no man who could see you and then willingly turn away. Call me what you like, but I have done what any man would do in the face of your beauty,
And youll pay dearly for it, she snarled at him. Youll pay for what youve done. Ill see to that.
Shall I give back all the kisses Ive stolen? he asked, laughing. Heres one,  and he kissed her, heres two . . .
Stop it! she demanded.
Very well, he said. I can take a hint. He got up and donned his dark pants and crisp shirt, watching Elizabeth all the while. She got up gingerly from the bed.
Why do the women always have to lay in the wet spot? she asked no one in particular. She found her chemise and pulled it on, then squirmed into her torn gown. Will you button me, please? she asked haughtily.
Elliott moved behind her and began to button the tiny buttons. While he did, one hand strayed across the expanse of bare skin still exposed. Elizabeth shuddered, unwilling to admit how his touch excited her.
Done, he said finally and she moved quickly away from him. I dont suppose 1 could persuade you to stay? he asked lightly.
Not hardly, she sniffed. But you havent seen the last of me.
I certainly hope not, he said meaningfully. He came to her side and took her arm. Allow me to escort you out.
Thank you, but Id rather do it myself,  she said coolly, and walked arrogantly ahead of him. Out in the fresh air again, the bright sun blinded her momentarily. She stopped on deck to let her eyes become used to it, but Mr. Elliott bumped into her.
Sorry, he mumbled. The bright sun blinded me momentarily. Fully recovered now, Elizabeth picked up her skirts and made her way back to her waiting carriage. She felt Elliotts eyes on her as she walked, and they seemed to bore holes into her. Feeling angry and abused, she slashed at Trevor with her crop to wake him up and ordered him to drive her home.
At home, Elizabeth came brutally to terms with her condition. She felt threatened on every side, felt her independence and willful freedom crumbling all about her. In two days this man had destroyed all the security she had, except for her finances. That thought cheered her. She still had her fathers fortune behind her, although when she realized the rest of her life was a sham, it was a hollow victory. 
She would have revenge, she decided. She would make him pay the piper now that he had danced on her virtue. Planning her actions carefully, she resolved to go to the Magistrate the next day.


###

Back to Table of Contents


Spiritual

Goddess Rising
Chapter 1

THE eastern horizon glowed with a muted light. What few small clouds there were hovered nearby as if drawn to the arc of brightening color. The force of the dawn seemed to draw in on itself, gathering itself expectantly. A soundless vibration of the quickening day hummed inaudibly, its pitch increasing as the arc of light brightened and spread. When the horizon was finally capped by the first sliver of pure, white light, the silent explosion sent out shards of color in an immediate, brilliant display. The new day exploded upon the senses like lightning from a dark cloud: sudden, blinding and beautiful in its power.
The girl at the crumbled parapet gave a silent prayer of thanks for this new day, watching as the dawn blazed and faded, acknowledging this manifestation of the Goddess with wide, thoughtful eyes. Converted to faith by the quiet beauty around her, she should still have given proper thanks even without faith. Only fools ignored the Goddess, and they only for a short time. The glory and power of the universe, the Goddess was at once all Love and all Truth, but at the same time She was exacting and uncompromising. She was as constant as the sun and as changeable as the moon, therefore one did well to appreciate Her and give thanks.
The girl Grace surveyed the new day from her high outpost. The Ruins had been much taller onceor so her mother saidbut to Grace they seemed majestic just as they were. Five stories above ground, the Ruins were topped with the twisted, crumpled wreckage of its upper structure, the rooftop littered with concrete and steel, pipe and block. The walls of the sixth story lay in jumbled piles around the roof edge, reminding Grace of the castles shed seen in rare, old books. She walked the wall and let her hand follow its contours, up and down, over broken block and masses of concrete. The jagged parapet could not have been any more perfect to her had it been designed this way. She thought the Ruins the most wonderful place in the world.
Of course she had seen little of the world, but what she had seen seemed wonderful. The jumbled piles of concrete and wood that littered the valley were furred with luxuriant grass, and everywhere green things made their steady, inexorable way into and around the dead monuments to civilization. Graces world was a wonder-filled mixture of exciting mysteries, lost knowledge and ever-present natural beauty.
But she really shouldnt be lingering. The sun was well up now, and there were chores to do. Sending one last appreciative glance up to the Goddess, she spun away from the parapet and raced downstairs.
At fifteen, Grace was growing toward adulthood, yet her chores were still simple ones, the easiest of all the women. For years after the Shift and the end of the Bad Time, no women bore children, or the babies came dead when they did come, so that Grace was the youngest member of the small colony until just a year ago. The fact that she preferred the simplest duties only seemed logical to the women, even though she had become capable of as much as they. The birth of Nidias son, Zak, and then Corrines little daughter, Kaia, had not changed that. It would be years before the new babies could contribute to the colony in any way except as symbols of renewal and promise. Until then, Grace had the simple chores. The first order of the day was fresh water. Grace took the last flight of steps quickly, afraid she might have dawdled too long on the roof and her mother would already be in the kitchen ahead of her. The older woman had a penchant for punctuality and conscientiousness that Grace liked not to cross. Pat was a strong woman, stern and serious. No one in the colony would rouse her temper if it could be avoided. The few times Grace had done that had been accidental, but shed still felt the sting of Pats reprimand. Pat gave no quarter, even to her only daughter; if anything, she was harder on Grace than on anyone else.
Reaching the last corner, Grace rounded on the tableau of Pat standing, hands on hips, over the empty water buckets and knew she was too late. She was in for it now. Hoping to avoid an immediate scolding, she swooped down and grabbed the buckets from under Pats irritated stare.
Im here, she said, meeting her mothers eyes quickly. Yes, I know youre angry, her eyes said, but Ill hurry. Ill hurry, she said out loud. And I wont daydream. I promise.
Taking the absence of a reply as a momentary reprieve, Grace wrestled the door open and clattered outside with her buckets.
That child, Erin said cheerfully from the long counter at the back of the kitchen. Shes got more energy and more dreams than I ever did at fifteen.
Pat, still standing with hands on hips, watched Grace trundle through the tall grass with the buckets banging at her knees. Her mouth set in a familiar grim line, she noted how tall Grace was becoming. She was growing too fast; there was too much she still had to learn. Pat said as much to Erin.
Oh, pooh, Erin pouted good-naturedly. Grace is a wonderful child. I dont know why you have to be so hard on her. Shes an asset to the colony. Why, with no other girls her age, shell have her pick of young men, and we can choose a good, strong husband for her, someone who will strengthen the colony. The Goddess shines in her, you know. You can see it in her eyes, in the way she enjoys life. Let her be, Pat. Shell grow up just exactly as shes supposed to.
Yes, Pat said, turning slowly from the window, I suppose she will.
Grace clattered along the narrow trail knowing she would have to be extra dutiful for the rest of the day. It was no great hardship; she enjoyed her days work. That was the problem, really. She found small joys in everything she did and that, for some reason, irritated her mother. And it seemed to irritate her more lately. Grace didnt wonder about itPat was just Patbut she was aware. And she didnt want to cause her mother unhappiness. She would just have to be better about her chores from now on.
The day was going to be another brilliant one. The sun, well up now, was incandescent in its light, and the grass was so emerald green it hurt the eyes. In contrast, the dark escarpment of the fault was inky, the wall of lava rock featureless in its blackness. Above the emerald and black, the sky was a brilliant turquoise and a pale, waning moon preceded the sun in its arc. The beauty of the Goddess was everywhere.
The fault was one of Graces favorite places. The long escarpment of cooled lava was a maze of air pockets and tunnels, all frozen in time as the lava had congealed to rock. Where the fault itself cut a gash through the old flow, the twelve-foot edge of rock sheared down into a harmless-looking seam, and here the far-wandering stream tumbled down over the lava into a peaceful pool. The place spoke of violence and cataclysmthe essence of the Bad Timeyet now it was serene and peaceful. Grace set the first bucket under the waterfall and watched it fill with clear, fresh water.
She had tried to imagine the rock moving, as Pat said it had during the Bad Time. Pat said the lava was flaming red instead of black then, and it flowed with the slow heaviness of half-cooled grease. Grace put one hand to the dark rock and felt its solidity, its unyielding density. Try as she might, she just could not imagine how rock could turn soft and flow. She supposed there were a lot of things about the Bad Timeand the Goddessshe would never understand. She could only listen to the old stories and wonder.
Thinking of the old stories reminded her of the Prophecy, and of the Sibling. The Prophecy was a wonderful thing, a gift of the Goddess. It began as a dream, given to only a chosen few at first. Pat said those chosen were afraid to speak of it, afraid they were insane or at least would be thought so. But the dream was so strong and so clear they could not dismiss it. Then the Goddess sent the dream to more and more people, dozens and dozens, until they began to speak of it out loud. It was a dramatic, compelling prophecy; no one could refute it. It became the controlling truth of the peoples lives and soon there was no one who did not know the Prophecy, who had not dreamed it or heard it or was schooled in it. Now the people lived their lives by the Prophecy, and waited for the arrival of the Sibling at the Ruins.
Grace thought of the Sibling and felt a familiar chill pattern up her spine. Greer, the Sibling, was a woman of Graces own blood, her mothers sister. She would be Graces aunt. Grace knew the lineage by heart, how the Sibling was born to the daughter of the last God-believer, how that daughter was her grandmother, her mothers mother. The Goddess had been strong in that line back then; the great mother had borne twelve daughters, dying only minutes after delivering the last at the end of the Bad Time. No one knew how many of the twelve survivedthe Bad Time nearly decimated the planetbut all knew Greer lived and walked the planet and waited. When the time was right, she would come to the Ruins and bring the force of the Goddess to power. The Prophecy said she would lead the people out of the darkness they were in; she would restore order and bring prosperity, and the people would regain all that they had lost in the Shift. The cities that Grace had never known as anything but ruins would be rebuilt and the Goddess would rule in love and wisdom. A greatness Grace could only imagine would be discovered.
Looking around her, Grace wondered how the greatness of the Prophecy could be more beautiful than the valley was now. As far as she could see was the vividness of lush green, the shining black basalt, the wide blue sky. Pat had told her that before the Shift this place was an artificially cultivated desert and that without the manmade rivers and lakes, it was arid and bleak. When the Shift had begun, the planet had been torn open and remolded on a cosmic scale. Great land masses had crumbled into seas while volcanic forces had thrust up embryonic mountains elsewhere, and rivers of molten rock had gushed from the ground and decimated once-fertile areas. Here in the valley, the lava river had cooled into a long, snaking mound of rock that now trapped water that before had seeped away into the dry ground. And too, Pat said, the weather had changed; entire coastlines had been restructured and the valley now benefited from cool, moist breezes that before the Shift had dwindled to nothing on their journey across the continent. It seemed to Grace that, for their valley at least, the Shift had been more blessing than bane.
But she had not known how things were before and she had not lived through the Bad Time. She had heard how people had died by the multitudes in the geological holocaust, how afterwards the survivors had turned upon each other in their struggle to remain alive. For untracked years, people existed as no more than scattered packs, foraging among the ruins, killing any unfamiliar humans who might threaten their thin hold on existence. It was only in the past few decades that people began to band together in groups and to try to live more cooperatively. This world of separate yet interacting colonies was all Grace had ever known. It seemed perfect enough to her.
The water buckets filled quickly under the clear stream of water, and Grace hefted them in either hand, mindful not to slosh too much. Four more trips would be necessary to provide enough water for the morning, then in the afternoon she would do it all again. Almost fifty people lived in the Ruins and the elder women cooked for them all in the great kitchen that Pat said used to feed thousands. Pat had explained that the Ruins were, before the Shift, a place where people came to relax and enjoy themselves, where they paid with tokens of wealth for such services as food, care and entertainment. It all sounded very odd and very eccentric to Grace. Why would people want to pay others to do their work, the work that being a human being required? She wondered at the loss of integrity that implied and remembered how some of the old women said that was why the Shift was sent to destroy them, because they had fallen away from the Truth of the Goddess. Pat kept her own counsel on that issueas she did on most issuesbut Grace sensed her mother did not agree. Although Pat spoke sparingly and kept silent most of the time, it was not difficult to know her thoughts; at least not for Grace. Whatever way was honest and held with the Goddess, that was Pats way. It was no wonder Greer the Sibling was of the same line. There were times when Grace had wondered if her mother could not be the Sibling of Prophecy, as closely as she kept to the Goddess truth, but Pat refused to even discuss the idea and anyway, she was getting oldertoo old, she said, to lead anybody anywhere. That was for the young, she said; that was for Greer.
Grace walked the trails back to the Ruins at a much slower, more careful pace than when she had gone. The full buckets were heavy and bruised her legs if she were careless enough to let them bang against her. The wire handles on the buckets dug into her palms and she had to stop periodically to shift her grip. It was good that the fault was not far from the Ruins.
The Ruins rose up out of the verdant overgrowth like a sentinel. The clean rise of its five stories was almost startling in the open valley; all other structures had been razed during the Shift. No one knew why the Ruins had withstood the global convolutions. Perhaps, thought Grace, the Goddess had left it for them to live in. The great edifice was pocked with chips and smeared with dirt and sooty smoke. There was no glass in any windows; the women had long ago broken out what shards remained in the frames and sometimes used them for cutting. Grace thought the glass wonderful and felt sad that the art of creating it had been lost. Pat had said it was made from molten sand, but Grace wondered about that. Glass was clear, and sand was not; and anyway, who could melt sand? Only the Goddess, she was sure. That was another enigma she felt was better left alone. Someone wiser than she might understand; she was content not knowing.
Well, finally! Pat said as Grace carried the buckets into the kitchen. The women had already measured out their ingredients for the days bread, and the fires were laid under the big oven chambers. Susie and Myr had their laundering buckets out, just waiting for fresh water to wash with. Grace gave over her buckets, one to Pat for the bakers and one to Susie, stood quietly while they transferred the water and then took back her empty buckets for her second trip to the stream. There was water needed for drinking, for bathing and for cleaning the kitchen, for watering the garden and for the small animals. There seemed no end to their need for water.
That was something else the old stories toldhow water had come into every house through pipes before the Shift. That was almost incomprehensible to Grace. What a massive undertaking! She could not imagine the work involved in that sort of accomplishment but hoped, if the Sibling saw fit in the wisdom of the Goddess, that this strange feat could be done again. Some of the things the older people talked about seemed no loss to Grace; she could certainly live without them. But there were some aspects of the world before the Shift that sounded wondrous and exciting, and Grace hoped the Sibling would reinstate those things. That is, if Grace were still alive when Greer came. For years she had taken the Prophecy at face value, as she was told: the Sibling would come and deliver the people from chaos. She had always expected to see that day until two winters ago when old Nessa had died. The weathered old womanoldest in the colonyhad cried, knowing she would never see the glory of Greers coming. She, like Grace up until then, had assumed their deliverance would be within her lifetime. The disappointing realization shook Grace much as it had Nessa. After all, the coming of the Sibling was what everyone waited for, hoped for, prayed for. How awful not to be alive when it finally came!
In a tearful panic, the then twelve-year-old Grace had voiced her fears to her mother and Pat, terse as always, had simply said, You will see it. The simple statement was not enough to override Graces fears, although eventually she understood that Pat knew and Pat spoke the Goddess truth. Pat had the dream of the Prophecysomething Grace had never hadand Pat knew things. If Pat said Grace would see the Prophecy fulfilled, then Grace would probably see it. But still that small doubt remained.
A favorite game of Graces during her solitary times was to try to calculate when Greer would come. Pat, Grace knew, was the fifth-born daughter of the line, and by several oblique references had as much as said that the Sibling was one of the younger daughters. Pat wasnt sureand wasnt inclined to discuss itbut seemed to be in her early forties. The younger sister could be anywhere from one to seven to twenty years younger. During the Bad Time, people lost track of years and dates, and no records were kept. It was a puzzle with no answer, but for Grace it seemed reasonable to expect Greer to be about thirtyyoung enough to be beautiful and old enough to be wise. She imagined Greer to be a shining woman of light, a pillar of strength and wisdom, a beautiful image of the Goddess Herself. She would come glowing with the light of the Goddess, robed in gold and silver, tall and graceful and queenly. She would strike awe into people just by her being; her eyes would burn with their intensity. The day of her coming was going to be a glorious, terrible day.
And yet it all seemed too far away to Grace as she trudged to the stream and back with her water buckets. The Shift and the Bad Time were in the far distant past, living on only in the old stories; the time of the Sibling was in the far future, alive in the Prophecy but still beyond reach. For Grace the world was here and now: the Ruins, the fault, the stream, the colony. Even while she daydreamed of past and future, her feet trod the path of the present, and she lived in only one world. Some of the women commended her for that; some thought her simple because of it. None of it really seemed to matter. The Goddess truth would be, whether anyone worried about it or not. Grace was, most of the time, content to do her small duties and trust in the Goddess wisdom.
Delivering her second load of water, Grace picked a ripe fruit from the larder in the kitchen and started back for her third. Going to the stream, she could carry both buckets with one hand and still have one hand free to hold the fruit. The sweet yellow pear was almost too ripe; it gushed juice when she bit into it. The women would have to dry the remaining fruit before it spoiled. Grace hadnt realized fall was so close; the days slipped by, one like another, and the seasons passed almost unnoticed. Fall meant pumpkins and potatoes and all the things that could be dried or stored until next spring. It meant collecting firewood and sitting around the fire, drinking warm spiced ciders; it meant long nights for sewing and story telling and staring at the snow on the far off mountain peaks.
She had never been outside of the valleyhad never been to the edge of it, for that matterbut had heard old stories of how people used to ride in strange, powerful carts that sped along the ground or flew through the air. These carts, they said, could go so fast that one could reach the far mountains in a tiny fraction of a days time, instead of the many days it would take to walk. Grace wasnt sure if she believed these stories or not; she had never heard anyone say they had ever seen one of the carts. It seemed a wonderful story, but almost too fabulous to believe.
Reaching the stream for the third time that morning, she set her buckets under the waterfall and licked the last of the pear juice from her fingers. The pear core itself she set beside the stream for the birds or small animals that gleaned for food there. She knew tomorrow it would be gone. She whispered a silent prayer to the Goddess for the pear, the stream, and the animals. All things were part of the Goddess, and the Goddess was part of all things. The world was a giant puzzle in which all things fit in their proper place. That was the way and the wisdom of the Goddess.
When she returned to the Ruins with her third load of water, Grace was surprised to see the women scurrying about like ants in the great kitchen. Only Pat, as usual, remained calm.
There are people coming, Pat said to Graces unasked question. They will be here by midday. Hurry with the last of the water. We must make extra bread today.
Yes, Mother, Grace said. People coming! She retrieved her empty buckets from the women and flew down to the stream, running for speed, hopping in the hope of seeing where the strangers came from. They didnt often get visitors; once or twice a year at the most. And those that did come were all very strange, very different. They wore odd colors of clothes, or wrapped or sewed them differently; they spoke strangely, with what Pat called accents, or could not be understood at all. They came for news of the Sibling, beseeching Pat to tell them when and how her fabled sister Greer would come to deliver them from darkness. Pat always said the same thing: The Sibling will come in the Goddess time, not yours or mine.
At first her inabilityor unwillingnessto name the time would disappoint them, sadden them, even anger them. Grace had seen some cry or wail or pound fists upon the tables. There had been some who threatened Pat, who would hurl curses at her if their more rational companions had not restrained them. No one could ever be sure what strangers would do, but their appearance at the edge of the valley was always an exciting, apprehensive event. Grace set her buckets under the waterfall and bounced impatiently on her toes, hurrying the water so she could get back and be part of the preparations. She did not want to miss an instant of the strangers visit.
When she returned to the kitchen for the last time, she gave her water over to Erin and went to stand near Pat as her mother said a small prayer over the unbaked bread. Pat took a pinch of coarsely ground flour and scattered it in the fire that burned beneath the oven chamber, murmuring thanks to the Goddess for Her many blessings. Grace kept a respectful silence as the last of the flour was sprinkled into the fire and was consumed. The fire flared up for an instant in acknowledgement, then burned down again. Pat gathered up rags with which to slide the heavy tray into the oven.
Mother, Grace said on the long breath shed been holding, what may I do now? For the visitors?
Pat did not answer immediately, but seemed to find fault with the bread tray and moved it minutely.
The front room needs sweeping, she said. Do a thorough job, and get the corners especially. I dont want to see any cobwebs anywhere when youre done. She straightened, finally satisfied with the tray, and closed the wide oven door. Turning to Grace, she gave more instructions with a tight look on her hard face. Bring extra rugs into the room, first making sure they are not dusty, and cover the floor. It looks like a large group coming; I doubt well have enough benches for all.
Grace nodded at each new instruction, pleased her mother would give her so much responsibility. Usually when strangers came, Pat insisted that Grace continue with her regular chores so as to be out of the way of the preparations, which also meant out of the way of most of the visiting. This time, it seemed, Grace would be an accepted part of it all.
When youve done all that, Pat continued, go out and kill five of the biggest birds we have. Make sure you thank the Goddess properly before each one. Do you know the words?
Shocked, Grace nodded. Shed never been allowed to slaughter an animal before, although shed gone with women to help and knew the procedure. This was a special day. Yes, she answered a little hesitantly. I know the words.
Pat looked hard at her daughter. Can you do it? If not, say so and Ill send another.
No, I can do it, Grace swallowed. Five, you said?
The five biggest. Except not that big red one. Shes too old. Kill them and pluck them, then give them to Nidia. When all that is done, come see what else there might be.
Yes, Mother. Grace spun on a bare heel and almost ran to the broom closet. She picked out the big broom and toted it to the huge front room. She had never really understood what purpose this room had served before the Shift; Pat had said it was a waiting room of sorts, for people who were going to pay their tokens to the Ruins. Why people should have to wait to do that, Grace didnt know. The room was large, though with a big fireplace at one end and great banks of now open windows all along the front. Most of the rough-hewn tables and benches were pushed against a side wall; the colony only used five tables normally to feed their number. Grace planned to sweep and dust, then pull out the extra tables as she had seen done before when strangers came. If Pat thought there would not be enough seats for all, it would be a big gathering. As Grace worked and planned, her excitement mounted. She felt lightheaded with her good fortunebeing allowed to take part in so unusual a gatheringand said a quick, quiet prayer of thanks to the Goddess. Then she threw herself into the work at hand.
The room was so large that Grace had trouble getting it clean. If she swept too vigorously, she sent up clouds of dust that had to settle before she could sweep again. Quickly she learned that speed meant more work, and slowed her pace. When shed finished sweeping, she dusted all the tables and benches, the fireplace, the windowsills, then swept again. She inspected the room with a mind to her mother and decided even Pat would have to admit it was clean. She put away her broom and rags and wrestled the heavy tables into a gathering pattern, arching them from the front table where Pat would sit. No one had to ask what the strangers came for; everyone knew they came to ask about the Sibling. Grace arranged the tables and benches so everyone would have some view of her mothers place. Beyond that, she hauled down some of the heavy, rolled rugs, shook them free of dust outside, and placed them over the hardwood floor. When she was done, the room looked as presentable as shed ever seen it.
Now the birds. Graces throat tightened instinctively at the magnitude of this task. Never had she been allowed to kill anything before. Not that shed wanted to, but the proper taking of the life of another of the Goddess creatures was a critical responsibility. Although a natural part of any beings existence on the planet, ending another life had to be performed along strict rituals or the Goddess would be angered. It was not something to be taken simply or to perform lightly. Half proud, half nervous, Grace walked the path to the bird pen.
Standing silently outside the pen, she watched the birds and calculated which ones would be best for her needs. Although their wings were clipped so they could not fly, the birds were still large, strong animals and could scratch with beak or claw, or buffet one painfully with their wings. She hoped to do this with a minimum of trouble, both for her sake and the birds.
Entering the pen, she let the birds scatter around her, then settle back into their quick, jerky strut about the edges of the pen. She decided on her first choice and walked carefully to it, moving smoothly and unerringly. The bird ducked away from her into a corner of the pen where she caught it easily with a quick hand about its neck. Once caught, it struggled briefly, then quieted when she held it firmly against her body. She carried it out of the pen and to a sorry-looking shed.
The knife she sought was in its place, bracketed to the wall of the shed. She unsheathed it and took it and the bird back outside to a weathered table. Setting the knife down, she gazed deeply into the eye of the unmoving bird and began her prayer of thanks, of compassion, to the Goddess.
Oh, Goddess, whose light and creations are beautiful, I thank You for this animal who will die for me so I may live. I thank You for its blood, its breath, its life, its death. I know this animal is a unique being in the universe, never to live in the same way again, yet is a part of Your spirit and so will live always. I thank You for this gift of life, and promise to You that it shall not be meaningless.
Raising her eyes from the bird to the wide, blue sky, Grace closed a hand around the neck of the animal, gripped firmly and wrenched, breaking the neck of the bird cleanly. The animal went limp for a heartbeat, then twitched spasmodically. Grace breathed a small extra thanks that she had been able to do the job quickly and cleanly; she had seen women miscalculate and cripple a bird without killing it immediately, and she found that she had taken on the animals pain as her own. Luckilyor by favor of the Goddessshe had been able to learn the proper action without fumbling the first time. The bird had given up its soul without struggle, without pain. Taking the knife, Grace cut off the head and neck and left the carcass draped over the side of the table to bleed itself.
After her first success, she thought the rest of the chore would be easy. It was not. The second bird squawked and fluttered, fighting for its life in a panicky way that troubled Graces sensitivity. When she stared into the animals wild, unseeing eyes, she saw fear and confusion, a mental anguish that pierced her heart. She almost let the bird go and chose another, but a surprising resolve strengthened her. She said the killing prayer over the animal in a strong, clear voice; this bird was beloved of the Goddess in its fear, in its strength. She praised it for its grasp on life and entreated it to accept death as fervently. When she twisted its neck, it seemed the animal heard and obeyed; it died soundlessly.
After that, Grace was aware enough of each animals distinct separateness not to expect anything but uniqueness from each one. She chose each bird, watched it, felt its being with her mind and heart, prayed over it as its spirit required, and took its life. When she was done, the five bedraggled carcasses brought a deep sadness to her and yet she knew the birds were no longer part of those battered, mutilated bodies, but were free of their physical restraints and were shining sparks of the Goddess light. The conflicting emotions disturbed her but she shrugged into them as a winter visitor shrugs into a heavy coat. The way of the Goddess was not without pain, without sacrifice or sadness. But it was Truth. And she could live with Truth.
As the last bird bled, Grace began to pluck the first. Her sensitivity returned to the physical. Visitors were coming, and visitors deserved a good meal for their effort. There was work to be done. Silently, with a stronger purity of mind, Grace bent to it.
By the time shed plucked the last bird to a pale bareness, most of Graces normal even temperament had resurfaced. She carried the birds back to the kitchen and turned them over to Nidia.
They all look plump and nice, Nidia observed as she took them.
They are all chosen of the Goddess, Grace remarked. All very different and all very special.
Nidia hesitated in mid-retrieval at Graces odd pronouncement. The child looked  different. The light in her gray eyes was darker, deeper.
Are you all right, Grace? Nidia asked in a low voice.
Grace nodded solemnly. Im fine, Aunt Nidia. She used the title familiarly, as she always had, though Nidia was no relation. Is there more that I can do to prepare for the visitors?
Nidia eyed Grace a moment longer, frowning, then turned away with the birds. I think Pat needs some things from the garden. Pat? she called across the kitchen. Do you want Grace to pick some greens?
Cabbage, onions, and tomatoes, Pat called back to Grace from the ovens. And peas. And do it quickly. Were running out of time.
Yes, Mother, Grace was out the door before her words dissipated in the humming air of the kitchen.
Nidia watched her go.
Pat, she said as she began to prepare the birds, have you ever thought that Grace might not be best suited to marry?
Pat was busy pulling baked loaves off a still-hot tray and couldnt stop to worry about Nidias foolish questions. Shell do whatever the Goddess will have her do.
Yes, but ... Nidia paused, puzzled. Shes not ... The words wouldnt form. Nidia shook her head, not even sure anymore what shed been thinking, what idea shed been pursuing. Maybe Grace could be a keeper of the Goddess, a priestess. Maybe even a servant of the Sibling. It seemed a disjointed, half-formed thought, like a dream barely remembered, more an emotion than an idea. Nidia shrugged it off. Never mind.
Unconcerned, Pat continued her work at the ovens.


###

Back to Table of Contents


BOOKS BY MELISSA BOWERSOCK

If you enjoyed this sampler of first chapters and would like to read more, all of my books are available online. You can also sign up on my blog to be alerted to sales and new releases. If you enjoy the complete books, I would love to hear from you in the form of a quick review, a comment on my blog or Facebook page, or a tweet. Thanks very much for your time.

The Appaloosa Connection (Western Adventure)
The Blue Crystal (Fantasy)
Burning Through (Paranormal)
Fleischerhaus (Paranormal Suspense/Romance)
Goddess Rising (Spiritual Fantasy)
Lightning Strikes (Contemporary Romance)
Marcia Gates: Angel of Bataan (Biography)
The Pits of Passion by Amber Flame (Satire)
The Rare Breed (Historical Romance)
Remember Me (Contemporary Romance)
Queens Gold (Action/Adventure)
Stones Ghost (Paranormal)
Superstition Gold (Historical Romance)

For more information, visit
http://www.newmoonrising.net
or
http://www.melissabowersock.com

Connect with Me Online:
Twitter
Facebook
Smashwords 
My blog: http://mjb-wordlovers.blogspot.com


