THE CALL OF AGON
BOOK ONE OF THE CHILDREN OF TELM

by Dean F. Wilson

Smashwords Edition | Copyright 2013 Dean F. Wilson

www.dioscuripress.com


Darkness knows no better host
Than he, the agonised of all;
He knew intimately pain the most,
The every cry, great and small
In sorrow he was claimed its thrall. 

His master groomed him as a beast,
And, sheltered from the light divine,
He knew not the suns rise in the east,
Nor the ardent splendour of its shine
The daylight was to him malign.

His cradle was his grave, his tomb,
And darkness was his consort then.
Fate casts webs that weave great doom
In the sunlit lives of foolish Men
This world would know the night again!

His lord knew not his own successor
And cast dark pearls before his swine;
The shadow was the Beasts confessor
And torture was his holy shrine
In there he would both moan and pine.

He yearned to share his constant pain
Or end the world that gave him life;
No longer could the Beast sustain
His endless torment, ceaseless strife
He took the shadow as his wife.

So now there is no shining light
And no sunrise, no waiting dawn,
No moon or stars to conquer night,
And soon our final breath is drawn
By the death-noose of the Beast Agon.

I  THE BAIT OF BLOOD



Ifferon watched the head-cleric Teron with growing unease, until every movement or gesture was like the threat of something sinister; a curious glance became a stabbing glare and a shift in seat became an ominous betrayal of a hidden agenda. Ifferon clutched the side of the table like a shield, while fear seized his heart and stayed his breath. He hung on the edge of his seat, as he hung on the words of Teron.
We are running out of time, Teron said grimly. Their ships should be here within hours.
I know, Ifferon said, but the waver in his voice revealed his doubt. He had been waiting for this moment for a very long timeit was his daily dread. Prayer was as common as air in the monastery, but Ifferons only true prayers were that it would not come to this, that he would not have to run again.
Ifferon was almost certain that Teron knew about his flight, that he had come to the monastery in Larksong not as a true Follower of Olagh, but as a follower of his fears. As if sensing his thoughts Teron settled a cruel glare upon him. The fire that burned in those eyes was more powerful than Ifferon could ever dream, but looking past those flames Ifferon saw a shadow, and this unsettled him.
Do you believe in coincidence? Teron asked, and Ifferon felt the question probe his mind before he could answer. His thoughts began to scatter and the juices in his mouth dried up, forcing him to give a faint cough in reply.
Teron leaned forward a little, his face cowled in shadow. Do you believe you are here for a reason? There was a short pause, but it felt like eternity, uncomfortable and unsettling, and then the head-cleric began again: Ifferon, he said, his voice commanding, using the sound of his companions name as a key to unlocking his mind. You are not making this any easier for yourself. Feigning the fool will not get you out of this room any quicker. When I ask you questions I expect answers. I expect confessions.
This was no longer a meeting; it was an interrogation. Each passing moment felt like the drawing of a noose, each probing question the tightening of the rope about his neck.
So let me ask you again: do you believe you are here for a reason?
Yes, Ifferon said, but it was an uncertain one. He had been running from that reason for a long time now, hoping it would pass him by, pick some other person, choose some other fool.
Teron knew more than he let on. It was hard to tell just which of ones dark secrets he had access to. Our purpose is said to have long been decided, our side in any battle carved in stone. Do you really believe that someones will cannot be swayed? He shifted in his seat and held his hand aloft, as if indeed he were casting some spell of sway upon Ifferon.
Sometimes it is swayed long before the swayer has any say, Ifferon tried boldly. In that moment the light breeze that seemed forever present in the draughty monastery grew stronger and the jumping fire of the solitary candle cast a darker shadow upon Terons face. His eyes grew dim.
Yes, and sometimes the offer is too good to refuse, Teron stated, drawing closer across the table. Ifferon could almost imagine his long, bony fingers reaching out to maul him. 
The light shifted again, exposing new details while hiding old ones. Terons hair seemed much more grey here in the dark than it did in the open cloister, and his rugged beard masked his mouth, as if to further veil the beguiling words that came out of it. It was his eyes, however, that seized all who looked upon them; they were dark, deep rifts of age and wisdom. Ifferon feared this, as if he knew that this wisdom could indeed sway him.
You watch me with uneasy eyes, Teron noted. He withdrew back into the shadows again, but his presence lingered. I wonder if you have watched as carefully the moving pieces on this earthly board that has led now to our ... conversation.
I have watched many things, Ifferon said. And listened to the whisper of others.
Then you know as much as I, Teron remarked. Or more? Yes, perhaps you know more. Is it not your duty then to reveal unto your head-cleric that which you have been concealing?
My duty here is to uphold the ways of Olagh.
Teron laughed, and the sound was like thunder by a god whose servants have failed to appease him. This was not the voice of mirthit was mockery.
So you laugh at your clerics, Ifferon said.
No, Teron replied, scolding him with his eyes. Only you, because you are the only one to come to me and feign piety when we both know that is neither what made you join us, nor what kept you here after you joined. I am many things, Ifferon, but I am not a fool, and those who treat me like one have been given mercy if they are greeted by my laughter and not my lash.
Why then did I come here? Ifferon asked. It was as much a question for his own ears as any others, a question he often asked on the frequent lonely nights spent locked away in his small, cold room.
To hide, Teron said. Not that you have been that successful at it.
I have been here ten years.
And I have known your purpose for nine of those.
Why then let me stay?
Because I care for you, Ifferon, even if you are not truly a Follower of Olagh.
Why is it that I do not believe you are one either? Ifferon quizzed.
Because you have a suspicious mind, my dear Ifferon, but also an intelligent one. I am a leader, Ifferon, not a follower. This is why I am head-cleric here. This is why you are not really a cleric at heart. You are a leader who does not want to lead.
Then am I really a leader?
Teron ignored his question and asked one of his own: Why do you think they are coming here? His tone suggested he already knew the answer. This was something Ifferon had grown accustomed to, and yet it always jarred him, like a familiar object in an unfamiliar place. Why do you think they are launching an attack against us?
Because that is what they do, Ifferon said. They attack and kill things. It is in their blood.
And what is in yours, pray tell?
I do not know what you mean, Ifferon responded, trying to conceal his thoughts in a way that Teron might.
So you insult my intelligence again, Teron remarked, gritting his teeth. Do you think me blind? Old age may be upon me now, but I am far from senile. You carry the blood of Telm, Ifferon, and do not pretend otherwise.
The fact that you would suggest that Telm exists reveals you are not at home in the Order of Olagh, Ifferon said.
They are one and the same, as you well know.
But we do not call him that.
Because of where we live, Ifferon. The King is a Follower of Olagh and his favour is sometimes more important than the truth. Look at how they treat the Garigt. I wonder if those wanderers chose their way of life or if they were forced to move from place to place because the people of Boror would not allow them to stay.
The Garigt are also people of Boror, Ifferon corrected.
Yes, and look at how they are mistreated for their following a larger pantheon. Would you then blame any of us for not revealing our religious persuasions under such conditions?
No, but I am hardly a standard Bororian.
Which is precisely why we are here, why we are bandying words while others outside these walls prepare to bandy swords. Ifferon, I will be honest with you, for I worry that you have been greeted with too many lies thus far in your life. If people were to know that I was holding my office without holding Olagh in my heart it would be the end of me. His eyes were softer now, with a hint of sadness, but the grizzled features of his face stood at odds with them, like mountains towering above two tiny lakes.
And what about the end of those heathens your office has overseen? Ifferon cried, almost demanding the answer as he often mused he would when safely outside the head-clerics gaze.
That is an unfortunate side-effect of my role.
A side-effect? Its not like taking a herb where theres a risk of rash or dizziness; the side-effect of your role is death! How can I sit here and listen to your hypocrisies?
Because you are a hypocrite yourself, hiding away here as a Follower of Olagh when you are one of the last children of Telm and his earthly consorts. Do you know what the Trial would do if they knew you were here? They would hunt you down just as quickly as the forces of Agon, and they would probably be crueller in how they bring you to the doors of Hals. But I am merciful and kind. I keep these secrets for you to keep you safe.
And am I safe? Ifferon asked, but this was not a question meant for Teron.
At this present moment, yes, but that will soon change if you do not make swift your decisions. Ifferon, I once told you that Larksong was a haven for a scholar, so much so that it would one day be the victim of its own success, that its hoarding of manuscripts would lead to the hordes of evil men who come now to set it all ablaze. But I was lying then, for they do not come for books. He stared at Ifferon now, as if silently communicating to him some dark message through his eyes.
They come for you, Teron said at last, and his voice came like the sudden slam of a door; or the cold, sharp slice of the headmans axe. The ring of his steel words seemed to last a lifetime, attacking Ifferons ears, invading his brain. It was not as if he did not expect them, for why else would the forces of Agon come to Larksong? They had found him at last, one of the few remaining children of the dead god Telm, one of the few remaining names on the blood-stained list.
Teron eased himself from his high-backed chair, and Ifferon would hardly have known it but for the swish of his robes as they grazed the cold floor. The candlelight was dying quickly now. From the corner of his eyes Ifferon could see the silhouette of Teron approaching the doorway of the roombut for a solitary moment Ifferons eyes were fixed on the chair Teron had sat upon. He watched it like a Gorgon, his gaze impenetrable, and he still felt the head-clerics presence there, still saw his outline amidst the shadow.
Come, Teron called as he passed through the alcove like a king, his robes unfurling, his strides elegant. But he was not a king, and as Teron glanced back once, his aged face clearly evident, Ifferon knew that Teron recognised this, recognised his own frailty.
When the trance had broken Ifferon almost fell from his chair and followed. He reached the curved alcove, but turned and looked at the dining table, with the high-backed chair for Teron, a false superiority. A cold silence hung above the table like a lantern, and it cast its light far, for even as Ifferon turned back to the pathway ahead of him, a chill grasped his neck and pierced his skin.
The hallway was dark and damp, less of a hallway and more of a tomb. The smell of dust was evident throughout, as if its vaults had only now been opened. The old brickwork was darkened with moss and the fissures therein echoed the growing void in Ifferons heart. The passage was thin, forcing Ifferon to squeeze his way through, marring his robe with the lichen on the walls. He walked on, keeping one hand on his shoulder, the moss an excuse, the reality a veiled cuddle in the dark. 
The passage curved to the right and Ifferon passed by a large torch that was held to the wall by a set of obsidian hands. He shivered as he passed them, his imagination wild with the thought of what could be concealed within those walls. His thoughts wandered further and he cringed at the idea of being locked away in the secret dining room, a lost soul in a lost cellar.
The darkness of the passage was as oppressing as Terons invasive glare, but soon Ifferon joined the head-cleric outside in the cloister under the less distressing darkness of the night sky. For a moment the onerous tension left Ifferon as he sighed deeply. He looked upon the few stars that dotted the heavens and the wisps of dark grey cloud that formed abstract shapes in the growing nightfall. He gulped as he swallowed this beauty, feeling a slight smile form on his lips; it was almost a smile of sadness, of regret, as he realised that the beauty was fleeting, that it would pass before day had come.
But Ifferons relaxation was shattered once more when Teron spoke: How long have we known each other? He placed his hand on Ifferons shoulder, and Ifferon flinched, as if it were the outward expression of some disease contaminating him.
Long, Ifferon managed.
Do you trust me?
Ifferon paused and watched as Teron forced a smile, but the head-clerics grip tightened on his shoulder and tore a reply from him. Yes, he said, a lie. Teron knew it was a lie; Ifferon could already see the glimmer in those darkening eyes.
Then you would trust my judgement?
Depending on the judgement, Ifferon said, relaxing once more as Terons hand was drawn back into his white robes, like a rat returned to its lair.
Ifferon, I have long served the King of Boror and I do not treat with all and sundry. My time is a treasure that I share with few, my words a wisdom I impart to the elect. You should feel honoured that I have called you away for my counsel. You are different to the others here, by your own making and the will of those we can say so little about. Different. And I think that warrants such wisdom, because you are like me. Different. He turned and walked across the cloister, brushing the gentle splashes of rain that had suddenly come from the sky. 
Ifferon shivered and passed on through the pillars of the cloister, but unlike Teron he savoured the rain. It always gave him the replenishment he needed after many days locked in his musty old room. It gave him the feeling of life that seemed so sparse within these walls. But he knew that Teron was waiting, and the head-clerics patience was always thin.
He quickly caught up with Teron, who was strolling through the moonlit cloister. He seemed to be in the throes of a deep internal debate, for his brow was furrowed and his gaze was cast aloft. 
Another cleric passed them by, his hood up and his head held low as he scurried off. Ifferon glanced back and saw that this man had slowed his pace and turned to look at them. Ifferon could not tell who it was beneath the cowl, but something about the figure unnerved him
Ah, Ifferon, Teron asked, shaking his head. I am not the one who would abandon you like your parents did, nor the one to leave you like your consort did, nor the one to deceive you like so many did. I am your spiritual counsellor, an ear that listens from the heart, a friend who speaks with concern as his tongue. I worry for you like a mother, fear for you like a father, and love you deeply as a friend. The only reason I am so harsh with you at times is that it is the only way you will listen, for you are as stubborn as a Moln, thinking all the world is against you, when really your biggest enemy is yourself, your creation of barriers, your destruction of your freedom.
They stopped now and Teron turned to Ifferon. For a moment his features were not fierce; he looked at Ifferon with tenderness in his eyes. He held both of Ifferons shoulders and this time Ifferon realised that they were not claws, but hands.
Agon has spoiled many things, Teron stated. And his next will be the offspring of Telm if this attack bodes ill for us. His anger is unyielding, fuelled by his constant torment. He believes that his pain is spawned by the existence of this world, and thus, in a final effort to cease his suffering, he will try to bring about the end of all life. He seeks peace, Ifferon, but not in the same manner as Man. He seeks peace for himself, within himself, a peace that requires a final war.
But Agon did not force this prison upon you. He is the jailer of many, but you are the one who possesses the keys to your own cell. He may hunt you, but he did not lock you away here, nor force upon you the choices you have made these last few years. Your prison is in your mind, where you limit yourself, where you take on the voice of the Beast and speak to yourself the way he would if he could only get to you. But he does not need to if you will do the work for him. Fear is what locked you away, Ifferon, and fear is a tool of Agon. When you fear you open the gate that lets him into your mind. His greatest weapon is fear, for it drives strong men to madness. So why then be afraid?
You need to stop hiding and take control, so that you can unleash your true potential, unlock yourself. When you do this you will realise what a Child of Telm can do. But now, dear Ifferon, I must prepare a sermon. Many will die tonight. Let not you be one of them.
And so Teron strolled off, still as elegant and ethereal as ever. The words Teron had spoken to him with such tenderness and care should have lifted him from the darkness, but Ifferon was disheartened, feeling the brunt of the attack before it occurred. His heart no longer thumped with fear and anxiety, but was overcome with grief. 
He paused for a moment in the open garden of the cloister, mourning for the flowers and the bushes that would no longer be there once the battle begun. It still rained lightly, but this time the rain did not comfort him. His eyes were drawn to the clouds that hung overhead and he wondered if the sky might fall upon him too.
He walked back to his room and when he came to the old musty door, he stalled, for something seemed amiss. Surely he had closed the door when he left; he could have sworn he did. But it was ajar, if ever so slightly. Perhaps he had forgotten to close it fully when he rushed out to Terons summons.
He shoved the door open now and walked inside. He made his way to the table that he had left something very valuable on. Foolish, he thought. Teron could have been a distraction while someone stole it from him. Very foolish.
His eyes faltered for a moment to look at the stormy sky outside. He could see little from the loophole window, but what he saw was unsettling. He used to be able to watch the tranquil sea, but it was not calm now, and all he could see there was the ominous rolling fog, taunting its concealing power.
Then his gaze wavered once more and he glanced at the broken cabinet in the corner, the only piece of furniture in the room besides his bed and table. He returned to that table and scoured it with his eyes, noting the large open tomes he had been using in his studies, the loose leafs of delicate manuscripts, the wooden blocks containing cryptograms and foreign alphabets, and the Scroll itself, unfurled and held down by two stones carved with Aelora runes. 
He paused. It seemed to summon him just as Teron had, beckoning him to draw near, hinting at something elusive. He watched the parchment as if it were his lifeold, ragged, torn, full of gaping holes and lasting damage. He studied the Aelora symbols that adorned the piece. At one time he thought they were beautiful. He supposed he still did, but now they looked dull, as if sapped of their life-force and energy. Something was not right.
He watched the piece so strongly that it took him several minutes to realise something so disturbing that he was forced to back away. The Scroll, laying there in the silence, was not where he had last left it. It had been moved.

II  THE FADING OF THE FOG



There was a stifled thump, and then Ifferons scattered thoughts regrouped and he settled his gaze upon the old mahogany cabinet in the corner. A muttered cough came from deep within its splintered ruins. Laced cobwebs shimmered as they caught the spray of dust that burst forth in a shroud of grey haze. The door was ajar and cold eyes glared from the blackness within. The cabinet creaked and the eyes withdrew.
Despite all attempts at reason, Ifferon charged forth and pulled the cabinet doors open. Inside, a young man flew back, knocking into the wooden panels and then sliding down, cowering as Ifferons hands flayed madly.
Dont hurt me! the man cried, shielding his face.
What are you doing in there? Ifferon demanded, his anger spawned through fear. But the rage died quickly when he set his eyes upon the man, for he was but barely come of age. Although Ifferon was somewhat relieved that his fears were triggered by a youth and not some other creature, he was still alert, waiting for some other danger.
I ... Well ..., but the frightened voice stopped abruptly. His eyebrows arched, as if he was trying to think of something, but nothing came. He clambered up, revealing his cleric robes, though in all of Ifferons long years in the monastery he had not seen this man. The youth traced his hand across the edge of the cabinet, and then up to his tangled hair, which fell in thick brown clumps upon his face.
Why were you following me? Ifferon asked, his voice firm. Why are you here? What have you taken?
I ... Well ... I ...
Speak!
The youth, at least twice as young as Ifferon, was struggling to explain, his eyes darting to retrieve fragmented memories, becoming overwhelmed when those memories returned as tears.
Im ... sorry, he managed.
Ifferon waved his hand in dismissal. He turned and pulled out his chair, falling back into it and sighing deeply. You are not from the monastery, are you?
The young man shook his head.
You are one of the stableboys of Larksong, are you not?
Yavn Arri, the youth said.
Ifferon glanced at him, bemused.
My name.
Oh, Yavn. I apologise if I startled you, but you have also startled me. A darkness has come to Larksong
The villagers speak of it, Yavn said, his eyes set upon the small window by the bedside. Rumours have found their way to all the houses. They tell of a horde from Nahlin that come to slay a cleric ...
This is what the rumours are? They speak of the Dark Men? They speak of me?
Its true though, isnt it? As you said, a darkness comes. Our soldiers wait by the beach, keeping watch through the mist. It is a fool who knows not what shall come through that fog.
Grave are your thoughts, young man, perhaps graver than my own, though I have seen many evils.
Is that why you came here? Yavn asked. The villagers speak of you, Ifferon of Belahan, once a great adventurer. Why have you locked yourself away?
This was not of my devising.
You cannot blame great evils for your hiding.
I can and I do. But it is not mere hiding. I have a purpose for this.
What is that purpose?
To stay alive, in peace.
Are you in peace?
There was silence. 
Ifferon rubbed his hand across his recently-shaved head; the stubble was strangely comforting. So you have an inquisitive mind, he said at last, lurking in my room when my watch has slackened. What were you looking for on the table here?
Naught in particular, Yavn said. Inspiration, mayhaps.
Inspiration? Inspiration for what?
Verse.
Ah, you are a poet?
I try.
Then recite a verse, something different, something I have not heard before, for my time here has not been spent merely hiding; I have read much and enjoyed many verses from many lands around Iraldas. I can judge if you are truly a poet.
Yavn looked at him and then towards the window for a time. When his gaze met with Ifferons again, he cleared his throat and began:

Deep and dark were his wavering thoughts,
Wrought of grey memory, recalling the times
When battles of honour and love were fought
Not simple nights in the barn, dreaming of rhymes,
But ages of splendour, when adventure was sought.

And yet came the shackles of ethereal fear,
Mere ropes that wrapped round, keeping him still.
Erelong came the thought of death growing near,
Drear in the rooms of parchment and quill.
His mind swiftly dulled, and the world shed a tear.

Throughout the recitation Ifferon was silent, and now that silence bellowed through him and into the room itself. Yavns words filtered out, their echoes growing fainter. The room thronged with quiet suspense; the air was thick and warm, and both Ifferon and Yavn were still. The verse troubled Ifferon. 
When words finally dangled on Ifferons lips, there was a sudden bang at the door, followed by a muffled voice: Teron has called a meeting in the east wing of the cloister. All must attend.
Ifferon sighed, remembering the last meeting Teron had heldfull of ardent speeches and elaborate rambling. He considered not attending, but those thoughts were quickly discarded; Teron would know if he was not there. He stood and glanced at the stableboy. I must depart, but I do not want to see you lurking about my room.
Then bring me with you, Yavn said.
No, Ifferon snapped. No, I cannot. You are not a cleric.
You mistook me for one, Yavn said with a grin. They will too. And would you really trust letting me out of your sight?
Ifferon gave a quick roll of his eyes, nodding and sighing. You are right. I would not trust you out of my sight, but I would not trust you by my side either. Go home and dream and do what young people do. If I see you near my room again I will not be so forgiving; then you will learn why people still speak of my valour in battle.
He rolled up the Scroll and opened the door, holding it open until Yavn reluctantly sauntered out, his face masked with disappointment. The youth turned for a moment as if to say something, but Ifferon quickly dismissed him: Go! Find inspiration in the beautiful things of the world, not in some old man who simply wants a bit of peace and quiet! 
And so the stableboy left his company, and Ifferon wondered if he had been too severe in his scolding; but he did not have long to wonder, for the thought of Terons searching gaze filled his mind, whispering of the even harsher scolding the head-cleric could give.
He made his way across the vast cloister under the bleak veil of night, and when at last he came to the eastern ridge, a great mass of clerics stood there, their whispers solemn. Robes of grey, brown, and white clattered against the wind, and then Teron came into view, his eyes wide and his arms outstretched.
Welcome, my Brothers! he called, his voice stronger than the wind. He glanced through the ranks of clerics, finally settling his cold eyes upon Ifferon at the back. I have called you here today to speak of the Great War that affects us all. Already many border cities of Boror have been taken and the land of Arlin lays in wait of its decease. But here in the peaceful village of Larksong a great and sudden evil has come, espied by our scouts along the coast. The fog disguises all that sail upon the sea and our armies have readied themselves, by the will of the King. But strength alone will not win us this coming battle. We must look to Olagh and the Olaghris for protection. We are exposed in the darkness, our souls bearing all, weak against the onset of the storm. Our thoughts are clouded as the mist envelops us. But we must not despair! We must face this darknesswith power! Power shall lead us through this Dark Age. It shall lead us to victory against all who oppress us. We must regain our power, our dominion over our land.
It was at this moment that a familiar figure came into view to Ifferons left; standing there watching Terons speech was Yavn, his arms folded in defiance. He gave a sheepish smile to Ifferon, who could do little more than frown. Clearly he had not been severe enough.
Look upon your soldiers on the cliffs, Teron continued, seizing their gaze, on the sandy shores and rugged land that leads to us. They show fear in the lines of their faces, but they will fight for us, sword and spear in hand, shield and helm. This is a dark day, my Brothers, a day when blood shall spill forth from the heavens and from all that walk this earth. The land shall be spared no quarter, for the life in our bodies shall seep therein. But do not despair! Face this darkness! Face this death! Together, we shall winfor we are still powerful, Followers of Olagh!
There was a cheer as Teron rallied his clerics, but Ifferons attention shifted, peering through the large stone archways of the cloister walls, across the vast beach, and then to the great cliffs, monstrous sentinels jutting out into the fog. War machines were set upon the outcrops, towering trebuchets and ballistae facing off against the wind. Men clambered about them, tying ropes here and there and loading great bolts or rocks upon them.
Further down, upon the dulling sands, a legion of halberdiers marched. Amidst their ranks walked the Standard Bearer of the King, carrying the great emblem of the sovereignty of Boror, a flag wrought with twin serpents, coiled about each other, one white, the symbol of the King, the other black, a herald of the enemy. Blood dripped from both serpents into a sullen pool, a proclamation of the dedication the King had to his people; he would fight and die for themand yet he was not here. The halberdiers fell into rank. Spears were thrust forth, testing the wind, and a great rattle of iron and steel echoed out into the night. The fog was just off the shores, and the halberdiers turned to it in black anticipation.
Small against the battalions, the swordsman HerrDon appeared, rallying the troops with cries and shouts. He was the Prince of Boror, son of the King, and his vivid red attire made him stand out to all the spying eyes. He was sent to Larksong only days before with the Standard Bearer and the Fifth Regiment of the Kings armies. And now he stood, dwarfed by the great cliffs, merely a man against the coming onslaught. A contingent of swordsmen crowded around him, followed by a small line of archers to the rear. Then the great tumult died down until only the crashing of the waves could be heard. The fog was fading.
There was a moment of intense silence, all eyes set upon the shore as the last of the mist dissipated. Ifferon was frozen, his mind racing with rampant thoughtsdark thoughts. The air grew thin, as if it was slowly fleeing, and then there was a gentle hum, a soundless whisper in Ifferons mind. He thought it was the wind, but a growing fear in his heart said otherwisethe Scroll rang out an ethereal alarm.
A great roar came, and then all was quick and blinding. A large boulder hurtled  over the monastery walls, crashing into the cloister and crumbling down on the clerics who stood there. Panic swept in and burst through the ranks until all fled or fell amongst the dead. Teron called out, but his words were lost in the madness that ensued. Former friends pushed and shoved their way through the crowd, charging towards whatever safety they could find, like a horde of rampant animals. All reason was lost, thrown aside like the dead.

*     *     *

HerrDon mustered his armies, but the advancing shadow was swift. One of the tainted corsairs went down in a barrage of trebuchet fire, but another came, and then another, until the entire coast was consumed by anchored ships. Wooden ramps extended and foul cries followed, and then came a great army, brushing through the wisps of shade and calling out in fierce and evil tongues. The gnarled faces of the Dark Men grimaced as their bloodshot eyes caught sight of the Kings soldiers. Several of the front ranks snarled and spat, banging the sides of their shields and waving their swords and cleavers madly in the air. Drums were sounded and the hateful army charged forth, led by a blood-curdling cry.
The halberdiers took the brunt of the attack, the shafts of their spears buried deep within the first line of the onslaught, but even as the best spearmen swung their enemies to the ground in time to take the second rank, a smaller force took their flank and they were forced back, their reach disabled. At that point HerrDon made his call. The first ranks broke apart and the swordsmen charged forth, led by HerrDon and his fanatical rage. He bore a broadsword in each hand, and as soon as he engaged the enemy he swung around, slicing through several enemies at once. His body was pushed about, but his legs stood firm and his great shoulders bore the heavy burden of knocking back rows of evil men. But his legions were faltering, for even when they drove back a contingent of Nahliners, another arose from the black ships to continue the assault.
It was not long before the soldiers were reduced to a mere battalion, clinging defiantly to the thread of hope that united their spears. The great banner of the King had been ripped apart, the remnants of a fallen age when war was full of valour. Now the shredded pieces lay silent on the battlefield, a blanket to the corpses below. Dread hung above the chaos like a toxic cloud, sinking into the wounds of the few who remained standing. In the back of HerrDons mind a great fear was festering, crawling out from the realm of darkened dreams. As he struggled against the growing numbers, he felt the oppressing thoughts that there would be no dawn, no brief reprise.
By now many of the remaining men had begun to flee, the thread of hope long broken. HerrDons thoughts were invaded, his own strength beginning to wane. A great shadow advanced in his mind, pushing out all thoughts of tactics and strategy; now he was fighting for his own survival, desperate clashes, violent swings at everything in sight and everything he could not see. The gentle whispers in his mind increased, and when the blood had cleared from his eyes, he saw at last: he was alone.
Retreat! he called, not to the distant shadows of figures clambering up the hill, but to his own ears. The hero in him finally broke and the swarm of deserters took control. They led him along the beach across a path of bodies, limbs coiled like serpents swarming amidst the sand. The bodies were as rocks, coarse faces of trusted captains, trusted friends. The great sea of blood washed over them; a wave of souls were swept away.  
HerrDon crawled and clambered up the dunes, gripping the vines buried deep within the sand. Then he saw the full devastation that had been delivered to the monastery walls. Great boulders had hurtled through, knocking the feeble foundations apart and burying many of its inhabitants within.
Suddenly he remembered an important duty entrusted to him. A vague silhouette of a cleric formed in his mind, and he heard the echo of the Magus voice: Protect Ifferon at all costs, for he is much more valuable than you know. Bring him to me. Keep him alive. 
HerrDons eyes met with the mangled bodies of an old cleric and his young apprentice, their faces marred by cuts and bruises, their frail hands still clasping their copies of the Olaghris, the holy book that could not save them. Earth crumbled from the fallen rock and blazing fires could be seen throughout the dusty haze. Further up more clerics lined the ground, a large boulder lodged in the building beside them. Vague shouts echoed in the distance, drawing HerrDons eyes to the last trebuchet on the cliff, trying desperately to destroy the catapults on the beach below. But another boulder hurtled into the air and came roaring down onto the cliff, striking the siege weapon and lumbering into one of the walls still standing. The nearby stable spat fiery blades across the cloister. No horse fled the flaming ruins, for they were all long dead, their bodies stalked by hungry crows.
Ifferon! HerrDon called in one final moment of panic, his voice lashing out against the wind. Frail whimpers burrowed through the rising smoke, a mist of tears and boiling blood. An old man clambered against the library door, nursing his shattered bones and failing spirit. His eyes met with HerrDons, deep caverns of misery and terror. HerrDon shook the memory from him and looked upon a rising flame, trailing closer to a pile of bodies. He raced over and turned them around, gazing deeply into their broken faces. He searched for an identifying mark, a black sash displaying Ifferons role as Inscriptus of the monastery, but there were many strips of black, all burnt and charred, displaying the Orders many grades. There was nothing hereeven death had long fled the place, leaving only a harsh and cold silence. At once there were horrid screams and shrieks of pain, but now the air was still, as if it had lost its last and final breath.
But the Prince of Boror must persevere. To return to his father with news of such a dreaded defeat might be the end of the ruling housebut worse yet, to lose the cleric who had all the answers to Borors problems would mean the end of their people completely. Yes, HerrDon must persevere. Through sweat and toil and burning struggle, he must persevere. Hope was of no usehe had to believe he would find Ifferon, laying just out of range of the lumbering rocks, slightly shaken, but still alive and wellwell enough to save them from this growing nightmare. But trails of bodies only led to more, Death himself lying still upon the ground. 
And then HerrDons gaze set upon a single cleric by the gatehouse of the monastery, his back resting heavily against the sullen rock. HerrDon tripped and crawled until his hands could grasp the robes of this man. His eyes set upon the sash wrapped firmly over his shoulder, which carried the sigil of a quill in a vesica. At last his hands met with the figure he had been looking for, the figure that had danced about in his mind with taunting gestures.
Ifferon, he whispered, too frightened to shout or scream. Ifferon he repeated louder, his hands caressing the dark fabric that the man wore. Again he sounded the familiar name and again silence stared out at him from the sunken eyes. The building of his mind finally collapsed, the tower of security firmly broken, the cloister of reason destroyed. Not even Olagh could help him now, begging death to walk away. No, there was no hope, no dawn, no brief reprise.
My Lord, a solemn voice called from behind him like a saviour from the silence. My Lord, if ... if you look for the Scribe, I would not abandon all hope.
HerrDon turned and gazed upon a youthful face, so strange a sight amidst this sea of old dead men. But the young mans eyes were dark and fearful. One final flicker of light was about to go out. 
The cleric, the Scribe ... Ive seen him pass by here not long ago with another, down through the main village. You may catch up with them if you make haste. Only death awaits my eyes.
Come with me to find him! HerrDon called. 
By now the edge of the monastery was swarming with sneering Nahliners, all revelling in the sight of the fallen monks. A clerics last glimpse was now the wretched snarl of a face long twisted with the taints of evil.
Alas! That is not my path. My blade must say a final farewell to Agons horde. His words were as blades themselves, knifing through the air, offset only by the unleashing of his mighty two-handed sword. Yet nothing could hide the tremble in his hands. Go, sire, go and tell a fair tale of my demise. One last brief triumph for king and country! For Boror! he screamed and vanished into the approaching shadow.
HerrDon charged down the hillside adjoining the monastery, tripping over fallen rock and clambering through the dust and smoke. Boiling ash flailed about and stabbed his eyes, and the sights of burning ruins and fallen men scorched his soul. All the while he searched for two wandering clerics, hoping they had not gone too far, and yet hoping they had not lingered too close to the battles edge. But all he saw was boulders of grey rock baking beside the stable fires, and further up a ghostly town, hit by cold silence instead of falling rocks.
But just as his heart began to sink even further, an image of two struggling clerics crept into his sight. They crawled and scrambled just on the edge of the town, which spread out into the distance, a web of finely woven houses. Ifferon was resting against an old deserted inn, and the other figure was tugging his robes and glancing about, eager and alert.
A snarl from behind him sent HerrDon quickly into the deathly village, passing through the still air as if he were a bird aflight. Ifferon! he called at last, his voice weak and coarse, as if it too were at war. Ifferon! he repeated as he neared the inn. The clerics looked at him; there was darkness in their eyes.
Ifferon, you must hurry! This place is not safe. You cannot linger here while the enemy is so close.
He will linger if he must, the younger man replied. He is injured.
Injury or no, your legs will carry you away from here or they will lead you straight to the depths of Hals, HerrDon said, turning to Ifferon.
My legs will carry naught but wounds, Ifferon replied.
I am your captain, and I order you to flee this place!
Long have I been at flight, Ifferon said. Neer has it amassed to much.
A sharp cry came from the monastery ruins, as if the breeze had seized it and thrown it far into the sky. HerrDon looked upthe darkness was spreading.
You must leave, HerrDon pleaded. I know a place where you can rest. If need be I shall carry you there, but do not weigh me down with a heavy heart.
So long as my friend, Yavn, may accompany me, Ifferon said.
Yes, bring an army if you must, but please, we must depart.
HerrDon grabbed Ifferons hand and pulled him to his feet, wrapping the clerics arm around his neck and hoisting him up while Yavn supported him from the other side. 

*     *     *

Before long they were adrift on the ocean of deserted buildings, occasionally struggling against an outcropping rock, and ever watchful of the looming darkness above and behind them. The cries from the monastery had all but subsided, but the terror that plagued it lingered still, clinging to every battered brick and body. Something had ripped HerrDons armies to pieces, and a silent part of him knew exactly what it was. It was not the Nahliner horde that struggled against their swords and spears. It was something far fouler, something that had crawled out of a world of nightmares.
A voice struck HerrDons ears like a piercing arrow, a voice he had not heard for years, a sound that reassured him in the shadow. A tall man with a ponytail of black hair marched up ahead, a great banner in one hand and a sword in the other. Grit and dirt covered his face, but through the grime friendly eyes gazed. He was Belnavar, a wanderer from Bardahan, and so fierce was he that his name had sneaked into the tales of old and new.
My prince, Belnavar said, giving the slight nod of one who knows respect, yet also knows his stature. We had thought you dead, given the uproar.
It will take a lot more than an army to fell HerrDon the Great, HerrDon said as he crossed his arms and lifted his chin. He was the shortest of them all, though always it seemed that he was arching his back in an attempt to appear taller. He was stocky, but not fat, and his clothes were tight, as if it had been a long time since he was given new ones; they were royal red, but the fabric was faded and muddied. His golden hair was long and wavy, and his beard was short, but thick. For a moment he looked like a young king in a faded portrait that hung forgotten in the long halls of an empty castle.
Ifferons grip tightened on his shoulder. Yavn struggled on the other side.
I am glad that you have survived, even though your armies have not, Belnavar said. It would be a sore wound for the King if he were to find his only son had died today.
He would not have cared, HerrDon said, suddenly seeming even smaller than before.
Ah now, HerrDon, he is not all bad, Belnavar said. I am sure he is awake in his bed, worrying about how this battle is faring.
Yes, but not worrying about how I am faring within it. But come, what brings you here?
A rescue mission, it seems, though perhaps a fruitless one. Now Belnavar of Bardahan may attempt to reclaim these silent streets. 
Larksong has all but fallen, HerrDon said. I fear that not even your skill may push back this darkness.
Tis not merely my skill, HerrDon. We have brought a little something from the workshops of the Gormoloks in our brothers land. He stepped aside and four men wheeled the large siege weapon into viewa ballista roughly carved from fallen trees.
I had not known you to travel to the Many Mountains, HerrDon said.
It was a dangerous journey, but we were not alone, Belnavar replied. Dlin Trueblade aided us in the capture of a Gormolok shaman, and all the rumours about him compare little to his expertise with a sword.
You have spoken with Trueblade?
Indeed I have. Without him we would not have this weapon. Indeed, he would have given us three were it not for him thinking little of these siege devices. I told him honour comes not from the tools used, but the manner in which they are employed, but he would have none of it. Ah, tis a pity we did not arrive sooner, for we would have taken out half their army before they reached the shore.
That I doubta shadow covers them like a shield. Many of my men fell swiftly as soon as blades were met. If it were not for these two I would have surely fought to my last breath, long drawn as that may be.
They are your saviours, then?
HerrDon smirked. The Great need no saving, but hapless clerics do. Im bringing them to the Garigt hut by the Asps of Ilios. Will you not join us?
Tis kind of you to offer, but I would deeply regret not trying to defend this place, for Larksong was a refuge to me in my youth and I know the head-cleric Teron well. Go to the Garigt hut, for we have passed by there on our way down and it has been abandoned. Many speak of Garigt plans to strike the Black Bastion down south, but I do not see it. Anyway, I shant be keeping you from your duty, nor you from mine. In the mean time, I have a message for you from Lady Thalla and Master Melgals.
She would slay you for such a kindly title, HerrDon said. A whisper in his mind stopped him from laughing.
Indeed, Belnavar said. But she asks that you visit them somewhere on the outskirts of Ardn-F. She said shed light a way if they happen to venture in too deep. I said it was madness to wander there, but apparently Melgals had a vision of great importance. They may be Magi, HerrDon, but I would still be cautious. Even I, mad as I am, would not venture there.
I will take your counsel, Belnavar, but do not worry about me. You have a long struggle here to keep this town from falling completely into enemy hands.
A long struggle indeed! Farewell, my prince. May the light of Olagh shine brightly upon you and your friends. And so Belnavar the Bloodhound passed before them, driving his banner deep into the soil of a blackened field. The ballista was rolled forth and a legion of archers followed. Then came a bard with a book of songs and tales, clearing his throat and turning a page. He began a verse in the old language of Bororian, one that neither Ifferon, Yavn or HerrDon had heard in a long time.
But a shadow grew upon the hill, spreading out into the empty streets of Larksong. The snarling shouts of the Nahliner horde echoed out in the dull silence, while crows circled like a storm overheard.
And then from the looming silence a great voice boomed: Fire! The great bolt from the ballista sprang out from its harness and stabbed through the ranks of the oncoming enemy, a haze of sparks glistening brightly in its wake. While the Dark Men were strewn apart, Belnavar hauled another bolt upon the war machine, and then the gears were turned and massive levers were put in place. Wood creaked, as if coming alive, and metal rang out a fierce cry that conquered all other sounds.
Go now, HerrDon! Go while there is still will left to hold this pass. Belnavar sliced through the ropes holding the lever in place, unleashing another log into the spiteful shadow. Cries of pain and malice joined the frenzy, and the great tumult of voices rose and fell like a deadly wave.
We have lingered here too long, HerrDon said, starting forth again. I bid you well, Belnavar. May the Light of Olagh aid you. And then turning to Ifferon, he said aside: Come, we must make haste, for I fear that not even the might of Belnavar the Braveheart can keep this place for long. Come! A hidden haven lies not far from here.

*     *     *

And so the great shadow passed from behind them, though never fading completely from their minds. The village houses whisked by in a haze of faltering memory, long cracks lashing across their surface as the ground roared out in agony from the battle on its body. The empty streets made way to empty grasslands, where lonely trees stood as old men, wise in their age, yet frail against the oncoming darkness. The land was stained and full of twisted plants, as if poisoned by the presence of such hatred. The sky loomed dull above their heads, a reflection of their clouded minds.
Ifferon convinced the prince that his feet could move along far faster than being hauled, so he limped and ran, and all three stumbled down a set of hills, their hearts sagging like heavy armour. A great roar came from the buildings within Larksong, followed by the thumping of dreadful drums. Ifferons mind raced far faster than his running pace, and his heart struck fiercely within his chest, mirroring the brutal beats of the Dark Man drums behind them.
After a time HerrDon halted and glanced about warily. It is safe to rest here for a time. The others stopped, their bodies aching. For a time, he repeated more harshly. Danger lurks everywhere on these hills. His voice was weathered, as if the very wind had hammered into it on its way from HerrDons mouth to Ifferons ears. There was darkness in the voiceand fear. But the prince was proud, his cloak wrapped firmly about his right shoulder, billowing like a flag in the breeze. His stance was tall, and he rested his hand upon the hilt of his sword as he talked. He gazed up at the sky, as if he were contemplating the heavens or making some silent prayer.
What do we do now? Yavn asked, panting. He stooped low, resting his hands on his knees and bending over as if the only breathable air lied close to the ground. The winds had died down, but the air was still tense.
HerrDon was not looking at the sky this time, but back across the hills to the smouldering ruin of  Larksong, where burned a great pyre of ash and smoke and seared souls, all hailed and worshipped by the ravenous mob about it. But there also lingered something else, a black shadow on the soil that was darker than the grim clouds above. In HerrDons eyes there was fear and dread, though he tried to hide it. Ifferon was glad that he did not have to gaze into his own eyes, that he did not have to see what terror lived and festered there.
Yavn straightened up and looked sternly at the prince. And who are you? he asked. Ifferon almost scoffed at the youths naivety; HerrDons attire alone all but announced his name.
The prince remained with his back to them. Such should not be your concern, but I am HerrDon the Great, son of HerrGal the King. I am the Prince of Boror and Captain of the Fifth Regiment. Alas, now I lead only myself, for they have all perished on the sands of Larksong. He turned to them, his face grim, like a father who had lost a son. Would that I knew the lay of the lands here, but this is not truly my domain.
Theres naught but grasslands and small hills here, Yavn said. Wild grasses for the foals, he added solemnly. He turned and gazed back at the ruins in the same manner that HerrDon had. Ifferons mind shivered.
We can stay in the open for a time, HerrDon said, but the grasses shall not hide us from the enemy for long. We must reach the Garigt hut by nightfall. If luck is with us they shall not venture this far and we can then continue our journey north.
You surely do not wish to go to Ardn-F? Yavn probed.
It is not my wish, no, but I will do as I must, the prince said. And I must follow the counsel of a Magus and his companion, for they possess both wisdom and power, and in their power I trust the most. We shall be safe in their company. Indeed, were it not for these Magi, you would not know the pleasure of my company, and you may have died on the outskirts of Larksong.
So exactly how do you know of me, prince? Ifferon asked, wondering if his own name shone like runes from his robes.
Ah, do you really think word of you has evaded my ears for long, Scroll-cleric? He clutched the fur lining of his thick red cloak and puffed his chest, as if he were immensely proud of this knowledge. You may think of yourself as a hermit, but staying in Larksong has but given a stable place to pinpoint your location for many a year now. But let us discuss this when we are not dogged by Agons horde. Come, my friend! We must prepare to venture north.
And do I have no say in this?
You have a say, yes, HerrDon replied with a grin. But I have not forgotten any of that which I have learned as a mercenary when I did not lead my fathers armies. You are welcome to voice your disapproval, but I shall warn you that unless you want a rather uncomfortable journey in bonds, you should not cause me trouble. I hear Master Melgals has a short temper, but whereas such is but a rumour, I assure you that my temper grows thinner by the minute. He turned and glanced at Yavn. I suppose youre a friend of his?
An acquaintance, Ifferon managed.
Not a friend, eh? You should be careful, Master Ifferon. Although I do place trust easily enough, these are dark times. Travelling with an acquaintance is certainly not advised, given that it seems you are being sought by forces both good and evil.
I wish no one harm, Yavn said. 
Neither did I, HerrDon said, stumbling over his words. Ifferon glanced at him and saw that his eyes had watered. HerrDon looked away.
Neither does anyone, he said at last. But sometimes dark deeds are done. Worse yet, sometimes we are not in control of all our actions.
I am but a poet. 
Yes, but words can be used for evil purpose, HerrDon said. Especially in the hands of those who are proficient.
I use words to express.
And you can express hatred, can you not? We are not without evil, not even a worker of words. Our hearts may be in the right place, but sometimes our minds are clouded. What is a poet doing in a monastery anyway, may I ask?
Lurking, Ifferon said.
HerrDon raised his eyebrows and gave a sharp look at the youth.
Oh, I ... Im not really a cleric, Yavn said.
Then why dress as one?
To lurk, Ifferon said.
For inspiration, Yavn corrected.
It is a strange man who wears cleric robes for inspiration. HerrDon clasped the rim of his cloak again. I prefer the sharpened sword, the sparkle of the blade in moonlight or the song it makes as it slices through the  wind. I am renowned with a sword, you know.
Oh, Yavn said. Oh, really?
Dont give me that look! Its true. I could have your head on a pike in minutes. Indeed, it has been said that I am gifted with a sword, born to slay, as it were. Ah, cherish your gift, young poet. Too few of us realise our, and he paused, glancing at Ifferon, true destiny. Now! Let us be off. We have lingered here long enough.
Wait! Yavn cried. I do not place trust as easily as you. Why should we trust you or this ... Magus you seek in the cursed lands? These people cannot be trusted. I cannot feel as safe as you.
Then you have been plagued by rumours from Arlin, HerrDon said. I was like you once, thinking magic was an evil force against the will of Olagh. But I have seen different. The veil of ignorance has been lifted from my eyes.
I am not ignorantjust well-informed.
Ignorant, no, but you are still misguided. I do wonder why you place your trust in a Cleric of Olagh and not a Magus, especially a cleric that works with the Runes of the Aelora. I wonder, yes.
How do you know that? Ifferon cried, his hand instinctively reaching towards the Scroll in his pocket, as if to check that it was still there.
As I said, you may think of yourself as a hermit, Ifferon, but tales of your actions have gone far and wide in Boror, and many lands further still. You can no longer trust in quiet regions by the coast, for all has now been cast in shadow, and all is under the watchful gaze of Agon. Now, come, we linger too long and talk of trifles. We will have time to tell our tales when we reach the Garigt hut. Come! We need not make haste, but do not take that as license to loiter here.

*     *     *

And so they crept across the hillocks and open grasses, seldom speaking, for their concentration was on the march, slow, steady, and endlessly wearying. HerrDon alone seemed comfortable with their pace, yet he was loath to speak above a soft whisper or make merriment above a sordid hum. Yavn spoke the most, seemingly comforted by the words, and he questioned Ifferon often. Is it true what HerrDon speaks? he asked. That you work with the Northern Runes?
Yes, it is true, Ifferon said. I have long studied the language of the Aelora and even travelled to Caeln, where I befriended Oelinor, Master of the Tower of Oelinadal, Aelors Candle. It was there that I came upon the Scroll.
HerrDon stopped suddenly and raised his hand. Can you smell the air here?
What? Why? Ifferon asked.
Its foul in this region, but that is not the extent of my worry. There is a tension in the air, as if something dark lurks here. Come! If it will hasten your movements at all, let fear be our motivation and may we depart from this place!
A small black bird flew overhead, screeching at them and circling them from on high. Ravens! HerrDon cried. Ack, the Garigt have neglected this place! But these birds are not the only things watching us. Come! Make haste! The Barracreep is near.
The Barracreep was once a lively river, wandering across the eastern realms of Boror, and upon it the Bridge of Peace stood strong. Now the river had mostly dried up, leaving nothing but a mucky ditch, and the Bridge of Peace was now little more than a vague concept. Long was it said that no evil could cross it, but such stories were no comfort to Ifferon now. The bridge was dank and old, darkened by many rainfalls and neglected by the local townsfolk, who were themselves neglected by the King. Ifferon wondered if this bridge was a crossing into the land of peace or really the Bridge of War, leading to the many horrors that battle would entail.
HerrDon set his heavy boots down upon the wooden bridge; it creaked loudly beneath his weight, threatening to collapse. But the prince paid no heed to hazard and simply rushed across. Yavn followed swiftly, with barely a groan from the timber beneath. Ifferon proceeded slowly, for something told him that the evil on this side of the river was not as bad as that on the other.
There are phantoms afoot, HerrDon whispered. Some of the fallen have not made their rightful journey to the Halls of Hals, but linger here in some after-form that is best forgotten. Now come, Ifferon! There is cover ahead in these fields of longwheat. Hasten now, lest I lose you in your pace.
Ifferon advanced across the bridge and into the farmlands of Larksongs peasants. The grass grew from small thickets to a vast expanse of long-stemmed wheat, a sea of yellow-green that swallowed the land. The ground was strong in areas, crisp as the grass parted into the great forest of longwheat, but the further the company travelled, the wetter it became. Soon they were sinking, their boots finely clad with muck and dirt, their feet beginning to feel the damp through the cloth and leather. Small rocks were buried amidst the soggy earth, becoming more numerous as the company advanced, swiftly becoming an obstacle as they tripped and stumbled, grasping the wheat stalks for support.
But Ifferon was not a hill walker, nor a soldier trained in all terrain. Even here in the breadbasket of his haven town he found it difficult to keep his footing. Yavn was more aware of the sudden appearances of rocks, but his warnings slowly reached Ifferons ears; thrice he fell and received simple bruises, but on all occasions the young poet helped him up. HerrDon continued on, glancing back occasionally, though never slowing his pace.
Time travelled slowly, for there seemed no end to the great wheat fields, nor the treacherous land within. The walls of yellow appeared to close in, until Ifferon felt smothered by their many fingers.
HerrDon hastened, and Yavn frequently increased his speed to catch up, but Ifferon began to slacken, his legs aching. His breathing was heavy, and soon it came in quick rasps, as if the air was becoming tighter and just as elusive as HerrDon. For a while he stumbled on, watching his footing for those obscure rocks, and then, when he finally returned his gaze to the path ahead, he realised that he could not see his companions.
Ifferon stood still for a moment, his mind wandering down the many paths of doubt and confusion. He could still hear voices up ahead, faint against the rustle of wheat, but somewhat recognisable. Ifferon, they whispered. He stepped forward, forgetting his pain, and then ran through the pathway ahead of him, but after several long minutes of fruitless searching, he stopped again, gulping harshly.
And there, amidst the long thickets of grass and wheat, amidst the sodden earth and the treacherous dispersed rocks, Ifferon came to the realisation that he was alone. The voice that had called to him was an illusion, it seemed, a distant whisper that carved its way into his thoughts and died off suddenly, leaving the cleric in a tense, imposing silence.








III  A VOICE UPON THE MEADOWS



But the thoughts of solitude and isolation were quickly knocked from him, for a deathly voice came upon the wind, taunting him from the depths of Hals. Fear froze Ifferons legs, but another haunting whisper spurred him into action. He sprang forth and trudged through the mire, gaining speed as the harrowing sound grew closer.
Over here, the voice called, but even as Ifferons eyes followed it, he could see nothing but a flash of shadow through the crowded blades of wheat. He plodded on, his breath fleeting and his pace slowing. Whatever lurked within those fields would soon be upon him. The Scroll gnawed at his mind with a warning hum, relentlessly reminding him of the proximity of his peril.
Over here, it called again. He quickened his pace, darting into the thickets of longwheat, pushing them away as he scrambled for his life, but from behind him he could hear the grass being trampled upon, and when he glanced back he saw the wheat collapse like corpses as a pale shadow flashed across it. 
He ran again, harder and faster, as fast as his fear could carry him. He pounded through the field, but the quicker he ran, the louder the humming, the harsher the voice, and the faster the wheat went down behind him. Over here, it beckoned, and he felt his will begin to weaken, his mind begin to falter. 
And then he could see them: dark, black figures at his sides, running with him, laughing in the twistedness of their form, mimicking his fear, mocking him with their ever-groping hands. They looked at him from the depths of their shadow, looked with eyes wrought of smoke and ether, eyes of malice and agony, staring from another place and another time. They ran with him. They chased him through the fields.
A cry for help grew in Ifferons throat, but it hung there in deadly defiance as the evil voices grew louder. His feet burned, but no amount of pain could stop his fearful flight. He looked neither right nor left, but from the corner of his eyes he could see them, bits of their shadow tearing off in the gale. They seemed to glide through the field as quickly as Ifferon trudged, and soon they all neared the end of the longwheat crop.
He pushed through the final cage of wheat, catching sight of Yavn and HerrDon, before whom he fell in a fit of fatigue and fear. The dark figures rushed past him in a fleet of blackness, and when Ifferon looked up he saw them turning within their own bodies and staring at him. He could almost sense the wicked smiles in the depths of their being, but soon they vanished into a belt of shaded trees up ahead, leaving their imposing presence to linger on in Ifferons mind.
Yavn knelt beside him and helped him up, but it took many long and tiring minutes before any trace of his normal breathing returned. It seemed as though the stableboy was going to say something on a number of occasions, perhaps some trifle of comfort, but he quickly dismissed it as he waited for Ifferon to speak.
I knew this would happen, HerrDon said, sighing deeply and turning from them in apparent anger.
If you knew this, why didnt you ... ? But Ifferons heart thumped the words from him in quick spasms, almost daring to tear through his ribcage and drop limp upon the dull soil below.
Because I hoped it would not, the prince said. Alas! For I have been a fool today. My armies lie dead upon the beach, their families waiting in the eager hope that they should return, a long-held hope too quickly dashed. And now here I lose you in the fields of Larksong, waiting here with a poet that reeks of horse rather than venturing back to find you. A fool, yes. My wits have fled and all I have now is my anger.
I ... I ran as fast ... as fast as I could, Ifferon tried, gasping. Olagh damn you! Could you not see ... see the figures that ... hounded me?
HerrDon turned quickly, his face veiled in dread. His jaw hung on the borders of panic and his eyes were wide as they glanced around the area. What were these figures, Master Ifferon? But the prince did not look at him, for he watched the small belt of trees that stood only metres away, as if he sensed some evil presence there. What were they? he demanded.
Evil, Ifferon gasped. They were creatures ... of fear, great fear.
Were they crafted of shadow? HerrDon asked, his voice solemn.
Shadow, yes. Silhouettes of
Recompose yourself. We must depart at once, HerrDon said quickly.
Why this sudden haste? What are these figures? Yavn looked at Ifferon for answers, but they did not come from him. I demand to know! he said.
Demand all you wish, HerrDon replied. You are a knave, boy, a knave of great naivety. You demand knowledge because it is all new to you, because you have not yet tasted the blood of your comrades, nor the bitterness of defeat in battle. It is not all greatness and glory. You demand to know while many great men try in vain to un-know, to forget what they have learned from the horrors of the world.
I am not a boy, Yavn said. And even if I were, there are many men whove seen many winters and yet are still unschooled in the ways of the world. And a boy can still die to the things that old men fear, can they not? Now tell me what these things are!
Evil, HerrDon whispered. As Ifferon said. They are the Shadowspirits, the darkest creatures of our land, save for demons. But they carry the most fear, for there are three great legions of them. The first are the Spectres, the taunting wisps of darkness that haunt every home at night, the cradles of dark thought that lie seemingly dormant in the shadows of your room. They have no physical power, but they can cause terror and drive mortal men to madness. I know many strong men who have done great injury to themselves through the fear of these dark forces.
The second legion are the Meddlers, smaller creatures of shadow that can tear apart entire ranks of men. I have no doubt that they have accompanied the Nahliner horde at Larksong, for some of my troops fell without mortal wound.
The third ..., but the swordsman paused. The third and most powerful legion are the Molokrn, the Shadowspirits proper, for all others are their minions, their servants, wandering spirits of man and beast lured into service by these fiends of Molok. They are a monumental enemy, a coven of thirteen deadly spirits housed at the dark fortress of Nahragor, and they are ruled by the master of all darkness, the Lichelord, or Shadowlord, as he is sometimes called, an emissary of the Beast. He is housed at Tol-mari, but of that I dare not speak. The Molokrn are hunters, you see, whereas their brethren are scavengers. No mortal can slay this coven. No mortal can even graze them.
Worse yet is that no mortal can see them ... save for one. HerrDon glanced at Ifferon. The Scroll of Mestalarin is a powerful tool, Master Ifferon, for it lets the seemingly weak gain control over the seemingly strong. Our weakness to this day has been these Shadowspirits and their elusive powers. If we could see them, we could kill them.
I thought you said they could not be killed? Yavn asked.
The Molokrn cannot be killed, or so the tale goes, but I have killed many lesser Shadows before, using senses other than sight. But I have never seen one of the Spirit Lords in Boror, nor anywhere that I have ventured. I can slay many things of greater strength than I, but I would take no chance with them, despite my prowess.
A gentle whisper flirted with the wind, like the voices of the dead longing for life again. HerrDon turned, glancing sharply at the ring of twisted branches perched upon the horizon. There are Spectres here, watching us. He closed his eyes and then turned back to Ifferon. Unless we wish to be sought out and killed, I would that we hasten to our destination.

*     *     *

The day veered on and the light began to wane. A dull hue filled the northern skies, while in the south a faded red strung across the heavens in strokes and swirls. The two clashed starkly, and between them there appeared to be a great gulf in the clouds. Thin shadows stooped low across the dappled landscape, and the many hills were, while still thick with fair green grasses, cold and gloomy, as if the colour had seeped deep down into the soil where it could hide from the scouting shadow.
Ifferon watched with great interest the small plants that lined the hills, tiny and tender, yet with such vibrant colours that they stood like fire upon a greying heath. Heads of red, blue, and yellow bobbed to the gentle song of the wind, and arms of leaves leapt into the air in wild applause. A ridge of trees flowed around the north-eastern hills, dark and lonely, but still a welcome sight away from the ruins they had seen earlier that day. Below them was an army of mixed and lively flowers: tiny yellow lilies with pealing petals revealing deep blue sepals within; red cluster-bush rising high above the rest like pointed roofs of far-reaching towers; and a sea of sharp-stemmed calmstars, blue as the deeps of the ocean, lying low in the fading sunlight. The wind was gentle and caressed Ifferons face with kindly fingers, and all the while his mind was falling steadily into serenity.
We shall rest here, HerrDon said, his voice like knives to the tender air. But there was something strange about his tone, a higher pitch bordering on excitement and anxiety. Ifferon noticed that the prince kept his hand upon the hilt of his sword as he walked.
I thought we were going further north? Yavn asked. Were still too close to Larksong.
We were, and we are, but darkness creeps closer now and I would that we find a resting place ere the light fades completely. It wont be safe to travel then, but it will be safe enough here for guarded rest, so you need not worry about such things. We shall know long ere something draws near, and these hills shall hide our company if evil eyes are cast across the Downs.
Again, I do not share your enthusiasm.
Enthusiasm, HerrDon mused. You will need to keep your spirits high if you wish to keep your journey. Despair leads to naught but dark roads, and whither they go I shall not say. Now, come! We have sleep to gain and dreams to make, but before that we shall find a hide somewhere deeper in the hills, and then we may feast and regain our strength.
Ifferons legs ached soon after, feeling cheated by HerrDons words, for he at first thought they would rest within minutes, but it took the prince near an hour to find a suitable place that met his standards. Earlier a perfectly good flat between two hills was refused by the swordsman and thus their search had been made much longer. But Ifferon was glad, for HerrDon had found a small cavern that cut deep into a hill, and there Ifferon sat beside the dancing flowers and rested his weary back against the softness of the grasses.
You two tire easily, HerrDon said, laughing and sitting down beside them. I have fought a great battle and then led you far from it, but still I have will enough for forty miles! He laughed again. Yet saying that, Id rather sit and feast and breathe true air again.
I have not seen so merry a face in a long time, Ifferon said, and an image of a fair-haired and wide-eyed woman strayed into his mind. 
I dont doubt that, Ifferon, the prince replied. I dont think Id be exaggerating by saying that smiling isnt part of a clerics vocation.
Ifferon laughed. You are certainly not what I expected for a prince.
And what did you expect? A well-kept man with a golden crown and robes of fur and jewels? No, I have no need for gold and riches, nor wish to find them by virtue or darkly plundering.
No, Ifferon said. Thats not what I meant. I ... well, I dont know what I meant. 
HerrDon chortled like a child. And you! he said, glancing at Yavn. Who are you that would wander far and wide with one as renowned as Ifferon?
Yavn smiled. I am Yavn, just a simple stableboy from Larksong with high aspirations.
And now your aspirations have been outdone by the sudden accompaniment of the legendary HerrDon the Great! But come! I had not known that stableboys wear robes of black and sashes of the Order of Olagh. Do clerics worship horses now?
Ah, well ... well, I
Well, hes been spying, thats what hes being doing, Ifferon stated.
A spy! HerrDon said, clapping his hands together loudly. So this is what you meant by lurking. I knew you looked out of place, poet. A stableboy in clerics robes asking HerrDon the Great his name? Ha! Strange indeed! What use have you of spying?
I am not educated like Ifferon is, Yavn said, fidgeting with the tangle of his hair. I have always wondered about the life of a cleric, hidden away with books and quills and lakes of ink. One day I found a book outside the monastery, a strange text I could not read. I guess someone must have dropped it, but I never returned it, because the letters twirled and twisted across the page and stole my interestso I peeped through open windows at the lectures in the halls and then soon enough I made these robes and found that I could wander to and fro and not be thrown outside. I joined the lecture halls and sat at the back and learned to write. And now I write in verse with the knowledge I have found.
A poet indeed! HerrDon said. I should have guessed, for only craftsmen, be they of wood or words, go spying on dear Ifferon, trying to mind his own business. There is little that poor Ifferon does that goes unwatched.
Ifferon shuddered, knowing it was true. He distracted himself with the beauty of the flowers lining the hill, but his meditation was broken by HerrDons sudden movement. The prince stood up and stretched vigorously.
Ah, this rest has done more toil to my body than battle, he said. Now, let me see what food I can find ere slumber comes knocking. He ventured off, thumping his left arm as if it had gone numb, and he hummed to himself, a merry tune for one who had survived a dark day.
Ifferon and Yavn chatted for a bit, but the struggles of the day quickly caught up with them, curbing their tongues. Ifferon closed his eyes and rested his head against the hill. When he opened them again he saw that the sky was black and the dull red from the south had been consumed by cloud. One star, white and pronged with arms of light, shone high in the distance, and Ifferon wondered what lay up there, whether a god rode by on a chariot masked in cloud, pulling the veil of stars behind him, or if a war was raging in the heavens, and the stars were the flickering blades, or maybe it was a great hall and the stars were the lanterns deep within, and a great feast was being served, and all were happy.
After an hour or so HerrDon returned with a cloak full of berries and wild fruits, almost as bright and vivid as the plants around them. Ripe and juicy apples were served, red and green, surprisingly filling to their empty stomachs. The berries were far sweeter and tastier, and soon the company were rubbing their bellies and rolling over, content with their feed.
HerrDon ushered them into the cavern then and forbade the lighting of a fire in case of a nightly wanderer upon the hills, but he also spoke of kind things, like the great feast they would have at the Garigt hut the next day. His voice was soft and drawn, as if it had long fallen into slumber, and under its hypnotic rhythm Ifferon began to feel the weariness creep back into his bones. He shifted slightly and laid his head upon his arm. Then the waking life faded into the darkness of a deep and luring dream.

*     *     *

The dream was of an open glade of thin and trampled grasses, and all around it lay a great mountain host like sentinels of jutting rock. In the centre of the clearing stood the lonesome figure of HerrDon, bereft of the leather armour and crimson cloak he wore before. His body was adorned in a shirt of velvet black, long and flowing, and shifting violently in the wind. His trousers were of a similar hue, darker even, and a drape of grey was tossed across his back, strangled by the breeze. A wave of golden hair hid the features of his face, but he was leaning forward, head bowed, and his hand followed a crack in the stone slab beneath him. It became clearer: the prince was laying a twisted wreath upon a broken grave, and the world was grey and masked in fog. A low, haunting note played out upon the wind, and then HerrDon looked up and began a solemn hymn.
Then the wind rose and washed the voice away, and the fog wrapped around and buried the prince deep inside. The grey grew bolder and all sounds died, until there was only a vague and distant whisper, growing fainter with each passing moment.

*     *     *

Ifferon awoke and sat up quickly, glancing about with sleep-glazed eyes. His arm was stiff and his face was raw, as if it had been resting on the cold of rock. He found that the thick red cloak HerrDon had been using earlier was lying firm about his shoulders, but now it was hot and uncomfortable. The darkness grew less dim and his eyes began to make out the shape of the cavern and a sleeping body beside him. They were still within the depths of night, and, by the looks of it, it would be many hours before the sun would rise.
He turned and glanced down at Yavn, who seemed to be coiling in the corner with his back to him, no doubt deep within a tender dream. But HerrDon was not there, nor was there any sign of him having left a message or some other means of finding him. All the while Ifferons mind was searching about him rapidly, but it was not HerrDon he was looking for, but where the tapping sound was coming from. The sound! It took so long to awake that Ifferon had hardly noticed the eerie sound upon the hill above. A creakand then the rustle of thick grass. But it did not sound like the prince. The boots were heavy and fell harsh upon the flowerbed. 
Ifferon froze for a single long and harrowing moment, and then his arms reached out, as if by their own accord, and grabbed the upright shoulder of Yavn. The stableboy flung around and Ifferon jumped back. A pool of blood ran from face to chest. 
The words formed quickly in Ifferons mind: Yavn was dead, and the footsteps were drawing closer.

IV  A HAUNTING ON THE HILLS



But he awoke, his heart hammering deep against his ribs. The cloak was wrapped firmly about him, and he threw it aside to free himself from the enfolding heat. His throat was dry and coarse, and his eyes gave a gentle throb, as if too much light was flooding into the world of darkness he saw before.
It was a dream, but in the midst of the growing horror it felt so real, as if a nightmare had crawled into his waking hours. The thoughts still haunted his mind, the ghosts of memory recalling the chilling events. A veil of sweat lined his skin, and the stale air choked his breath.
A figure came into sight beside him, a black shadow in the corner of his eye. He turned involuntarily and his heart dropped low in his chest. Yavn was there, eyes wide with wonder. Are you well? he asked.
But it took Ifferon long to answer, for the words danced about his mind far out of reach of his frightened tongue. When finally they slipped out, he was horrified by the stagger in his voice. I ... it felt so real, he managed. But I am glad it was not.
Yavn looked at him expectantly.
I do not wish to speak of it. It was just a dream.
I also had a strange dream, the stableboy said, his gaze aloft and his voice wistful. It started fair and beautiful, as if it were a verse crafted by Olagh. The wind was fresh and cool, like the beach air at Larksong, carrying the taste of sea salt. The sky was dark, but not disheartening, for a string of stars played high above us, and a drum of lights beat luminance into the heavens. There was music playing, like what they say goes on at Bardahan, vibrating violins and fair whistles and flutes twittering on high. Yellow lanterns shone in the distance, as if everyone in the towns was awake and singing merrily.
But the feeling was the fairest of all senses, for I sat in tender grasses with a lady by my side, and bubbles of warmth fluttered aimlessly around my body. We were laughing, for a reason I did not knowbut we did not need a reason, because it was the laughter that really mattered. And the laughter was also music, rising and falling and making little melodies of its own. And hours passed.
We sat with widened eyes upon the sky, watching with wonder the swirling patterns of cloud, like froth upon a mug of ale, but there was no end, like unto our laughter. Erelong the lanterns faded in the towns, and only the wind and our two bodies lay flowing upon the hill.
Have you ever felt at one with another person? the lady asked me, her voice strong but fair, another music of its own.
Does it feel like this? I asked, and she smiled the broadest smile, one that all could fall into. I feel at one with everything here, I added. Even when all the lights go out. It flows, like one eternal melody, Olaghs great creation.
Come with me, I said, turning to face her gentle eyes. Let us wander the woods and mountains and see what makes the stars shine.
But the light faded suddenly, as if the very mention of the stars made them die in the sky above usbut they were still glittering in her eyes, two vast skies of sadness. And I saw then the metal shackles upon her ankles, chains of cold iron, too dull to cast a reflection from the heavens. And then the image wilted, as if it was but one great flower, trampled by a horses hooves or heavy feet. Trodden. Like a solitary blade of grass that bears no significance to the world of hooves and horsemens feet.
Yavn turned away and sighed a deep and terrible sigh. It was in that tense moment that Ifferon realised that HerrDon was not sitting there with them, but had left an empty mark upon the soil.
Hes gone wandering again, Yavn said, as if reading Ifferons thoughts. He was up early pouring a strange liquid across the entrance, but when I questioned him he told me not to worry about things I wouldnt understand, and that he needed to scout ahead to see if the Garigt had left any signs. I dont understand his fascination with these barbarians. I have often been told of their strange ways. I dont feel safe travelling through their lands.
They are not barbarians, and this is not their land. The Garigt are nomads; they travel to and fro and settle in one area for a time before moving on. They are well-educated and cultured from the places they have been to. In many ways they are fairer people than our own.
These dont sound like the same people I have come to know.
You have come to know a rumour, nothing more. The reality is much different.
How do you know?
I have met them before, on many occasions, and I have spent some time with them in my youth. They took me in after my parents were murdered. Ifferon pausedthe words stung with the needles of cruel memory. But that was a long time ago. I have not seen her in many years.
Her?
The Garigt. I have not seen them in many years. Indeed, I suppose they have become but a rumour to me also. Apparently, if the new rumours are true, they have left these lands, abandoning all their old dwellings, but I can still feel their presence here in the Meadows. They have still left a strong impact on my life. Ifferon sighed deeply and stood up. There is a cool mist upon the land today. I hope the prince has not lost his way.
Should we look for him? Yavn asked.
I doubt we would find him in this haze. I do not fancy wandering blindly.
Do you fancy sitting blindly?
Ifferon shook his head.
Then should we venture out and search for him? Isnt that what he would do?
All the more reason not to do it, Ifferon replied. I was once the first to do all that is impulsive and reckless, but that was a day long ago, when danger was a cut or scratch, not the looming threat of death.
Death? a voice came sudden like the lashing of the wind, and it brought cold shivers up Ifferons spine. Ha! I bark at death and gnaw its knees off. As for searching for me, wellthere is no need! Aye! HerrDon the Great has returned, and you may all comfort yourselves in the glory and wonder of my presence once again. 
HerrDon! Yavn cried. For one who did not much like the look of the prince, Yavn seemed awfully glad to see him. Since clerics and stableboys were not much use in battle, Ifferon could understand why. Where have you been? the youth inquired.
Where have I not? HerrDon replied, tugging a twig from his hair. For now, I have been scouting our path ahead, for the Great do not wander blindly. These hills span many a mile and this fog can lead a wanderer astray. I would that I knew the lay of these lands better, for it has been many long years. Having two witless hermits at my side helps little, but luckily for you, Ifferon, I have a good memory and an even better sense of direction. Come! We have far to travel today, but we also have a place worthy of HerrDon the Great to stay the night, so let that be your motivation, if the allure of my voice is not enoughdare forbid the thought!
Why are you so eager when it comes to walking? Yavn asked. Ive always imagined a prince travelling around in carriages and having carpets rolled under his feet. Youre too ... rugged. Too ... strange.
Well! It seems our little poet here has learned much but his manners. Let me tell you, Master Yavn, there is such a thing as honour still to be found among the sovereignty. I do not rule from a distant throne, but make my presence known through my blade. Verily, I follow in the footsteps of Lord Trueblade himself, even though he stems from the less honourable land of Arlin. It is through honour that he finds himself known to all people, not tyranny. So is it that I earn my titles through strength and hardship, not my bloodline alone, great though that may be.
I doubt it not after seeing the battle at Larksong, Ifferon said. But we tarry. I feel ill to linger here. Let us talk as we march. I do not think this fog will pass swiftly.
Aye, if at all, dear Ifferon! HerrDon said, slapping him on the back. Come then, dear comrades, let us beat our feet against the earth as if it were a mighty war drum, and let the echoes of its sounds send a quiver into the heart of evil everywhere! Come! We march!
They stepped out from beneath the safety of their cavern and peered as far as they could through the mist. It showed no sign of dispersing, but while HerrDon and Yavn started to wander forth, Ifferons eyes fell upon the little flowers by the opening of their resting place. The little flowers, so joyous in celebration of life the day before, lay dead upon the grasstrampled, as if by heavy boots. Their colour was as grey as the landscape around him, and his own mind began to dull, for whispers of darkness were calling back from the smoulder of Larksong. 
HerrDons voice came trailing back to him: Come, Master Ifferon! Lose yourself in thoughts and lose yourself here as well.
And so they set out into the mist that had parted the day before. The fog had veiled the coming of the horde to Larksong, an instrument of evil that wore the guise of nature. As the three began a new days journey across the hills, the thought grew ever larger in Ifferons mind: it had returned for them.
The land was carpeted in soft grass, but that did little to cushion Ifferons aching feet. The hills rose and fell like empires, offering moments of downhill leisure until yet another steep climb approached. The mist hung low, turning green to grey, yet somehow HerrDon found his way through the ashen landscape. He enforced a continuous march through the bleak, refusing to stop for food or rest, which he promised would come in abundance when they reached their destination.
Is there no end to these hills?  Yavn complained. I hope we are not going in circles!
Do you doubt my abilities? HerrDon queried. If you wanted a quicker journey, we should have loaded you on a catapult back at Larksong and aimed for the hills!
You are awfully jolly for all that has transpired, Ifferon noted.
My sanity demands it! I must look to laughter, Ifferon, for fear is the adversary, and leads to naught but failure. Do not forget what I said about the Spectres, for they will not forget what has been said about you.
Suddenly the mist seemed to clear and before them stood a figure of darkest shadow, halting their advance. As the fog fled from it Ifferon saw two more shapes upon the horizon, gazing down from far-off hills.
Look! Ifferon commanded, his voice a frail shriek to his companions. HerrDon and Yavn stared into the distance, but saw naught, and when they told Ifferon this his heart sank, as if it too were fleeing. 
Seeing with other senses, HerrDon unleashed his sword. He cast an even larger shadow across the hills, the shadow of a fierce warrior brandishing a taunting blade. Go! Take flight, foul spirits! he called. You have no power here, nor in any of my fathers lands. Flee! Flee in the name of the King of Boror or face the wrath of a vengeful prince!
But something happened then that none of them expected. Yavn turned to them and spoke with a voice that was not his own, a voice that spoke with death as its master and decay as its tongue. We are the heirs of the earth. Your false valour will not protect you, prince of the Falling Kingdom, for we shall destroy you all. We can see through your veil. We can see your shadow, prince. Cry not Flee! to our ears, for we hearken not, but see now that we know your horrors, know your fear. Bear forth your wrath upon the weak, for it scathes us not. Take flight, for only in running may you evade our watchful eyes.
Your words do not frighten me, Spectres of the Beast! HerrDon seemed now more resolute that he had something to look upon as his enemy, but Ifferon was still in shock at the sudden darkness in Yavns eyes and the sudden evil in his words.
We do not come on behalf of him. His commands fall on false ears. He brings death to all things, but we bring life to the Shadow Kingdom. Falter and kneel before us, Men of Boror. Our presence spells the end of your landand the end of you.
And then a crumb of courage mustered up in Ifferon from some forgotten store of valour, and he spoke: Do not come before us with your lies and deceit, Foul Ones! You are the product of illusion, and find life only in a lie. May the Light of Olagh smite you upon his blessed earth!
Cold laughter echoed on the wind. The voice in Yavn spoke again: We can see your lie, Ifferon. Do not come before us with false courage and expect our retreat. We are of the earth and find our life therein. Not even your Olagh can make his mark upon us, cleric, for who are you, coward, to call upon his name? Olagh does not answer to you, for we know that it has been long since you have answered to him.
Do not listen to them, Master Ifferon, HerrDon said. They do not speak the truth. But come! Call upon Olagh to free Yavn from their spell.
And so Ifferon, low in spirit, rose himself upon the pedestal of hope and called upon the Mighty Olagh to fight for Yavn and free him from the Spectres reign, all the while ignoring the foul words the young man uttered on their behalf. And then a thought grew fast within his mindhe took the Scroll from his pocket and held it before Yavns faded eyes. There was a great shriek upon the wind, and as Ifferon glanced back towards the hills, there lay only mistand the dark presence was gone.
Yavn revived from his daze, his eyes returning to their former colour, his body resorting to its earlier stance, and the atmosphere around him restoring to its prior calm. He looked as one who had just awoken from the grip of a dream, but both HerrDon and Ifferon stood on guard, fearful of what nightmare he might have brought back with him.
Come quickly, HerrDon barked, casting his cloak back and peering over his shoulder many times as he walked. He did not sheath his sword, but held it low, as if some creature might rush out from the ground beneath.
Ifferon walked with Yavn behind, but the youth did not look at him. Silence covered them like a cloak of shame, and their darkest thoughts were now living, fuelled by the conflict with the Shadow Kingdom.
How long will this journey take? Yavn asked, shattering the stillness with his more familiar voice.
Why not call upon the powers of alchemy and transmute talking into walking? HerrDon said sharply. The Asps of Ilios are but half a mile yonder, and it is in the direction we need to go to Ardn-F.
Half a mile is far in our state, Yavn said. My throat has been dammed of all moisture, and my limbs groan, for I had not anticipated such a flight.
I did not anticipate hearing you speak with a shadow voice! HerrDon replied. We make the most of our situation or we make nothing of it at all. My apologies, but I do not feel like speaking with you now.
Silence fell upon them once again like a burden, making their journey all the more tiresome. The fog lifted and the grassy hills gave way to rocky ones, but soon the Asps of Ilios came into view, between which the low sun cast a thin ray of light.
HerrDon led them around the eastern Asp to a grove where the Garigt hut stood concealed, its walls shrouded in soil and leaves. If it were not for HerrDon pointing it out, Ifferon would not have noticed it and kept walking. But there it was, a small haven in a land of menace and peril.
What was strange, however, was that HerrDon had a key, brandishing it and unlocking the creaking door. A great whirlwind of dust sprayed out at them, and the prince shielded his eyes. Ah, it has been some time indeed! The Garigt arent known for their house-keeping, so forgive the mess. They do, however, enjoy a good feast, and leave a large stockpile for their friends.
They entered the small but homely cabin, lined with huge wooden chests and a great wrack of weapons on the furthest wall. There was one window, facing out across the hills, but it was small and curtained in a strange green fabric and lined with many deserted cobwebs. There was no table, and there was but one chair, positioned by the window for sentry, but this did not bother them, for soon HerrDon revealed the treasures contained within the locked chests: thick quilts and blankets, many bottles of mature wine, and an entire chest packed with stale bread and heavily salted meats. For a very long time they forgot their troubles and let their stomachs rule, and a great feast was had as the day waned and night crept silently around them.
After they had feasted, HerrDon went to a new chest and took from it a small oil lantern. He lit this and placed it in the centre of the room. 
Now to wash that down with a drink even better than wine, HerrDon said, producing a small bottle of a clear liquid, which he poured into three chipped mugs. Perhaps our poet will have a cup. He had a curious look in his eyes, like a poisoner waiting for that fateful sip.
Yavn did not seem to notice, accepting the drink and swamping it down swiftly. He wiped his mouth and looked up at the prince. Any more?
HerrDon sighed in relief and nodded his head. You are lucky that you ask me that, for those spirits in you would not be so welcoming of this draught. He handed the youth his cup, which Yavn clutched in both hands, now too frightened to drink.
The Garigt knew of these Spectres long before the King, and they have made a special water, thrice-blessed at the Olagh-stone, which these spirit fiends cannot bear, HerrDon explained. The Garigt even coat their dwellings with it. I used it last night and this morning at our last resting place. They have many secrets they have shared with me.
Dawnwater, Ifferon said.
How do you know of it? HerrDon asked.
I knew them well when I was younger, but it has been a long time since I have spoken with them.
Then it seems we have a thing in common, Master Ifferon. I have not heard word from them in over six months. Indeed, there has been no sighting of them in Boror at all lately. My father is worriedI was originally sent to keep an eye on them in case of rebellion or betrayal, but they are good warriors, especially their leaders, and if they are not in Boror we have lost a great defence.
But come, let us think not of the painful past, but look to the hopeful future! On the morrow we will take the Cliffhills as a path to Ardn-F, and there you shall meet my fairest, the Lady Thalla, and the wise Master Melgals. It shall be a merry meeting.
I hope you know what youre doing, Ifferon said. I have heard naught but evil things about Ardn-F, and not all of them are rumours, I warrant.
Do you doubt my ability to protect you? Ha! Master Ifferon, you have the greatest swordsman of Boror leading the way, and if that does not comfort you, then hearken! Master Melgals is a Magus, as is my Lady Thalla, but he is also an Ardnarand if that does not comfort you, then I am, for once, at a loss.
The Ardnari! Ifferon cried. A few days before  the attack at Larksong I came across a piece translated from the Aelora tongue that made mention of these Wardens of Light and the Molokrn. The verse was thus:

Thirteen are they; it is their number.
Each moon they wake from their deep slumber.
Nahragor is their house, their home,
But ever from there do they roam
To stalk the lands of Man and beast,
A nightmare from its dream released.
	Unseen by watchful eyes, they rise;
	They bear the land as their disguise.
	A creeping shade with mauling claws,
	And as they near, the light withdraws.
	Puppets of a long dead player,
	They are the land and its cold slayer.
Each night unleashed a new dark dawn
The light of shadow: the Molokrn.

To meet their match are thirteen more;
Each moon they come to wage their war
Against the shadow, against the shade,
Against all that which the darkness made.
A council chosen at the Stone
From those unheard of and well-known
	Are tasked with facing this abyss;
	In lands where things have gone amiss.
	The threat of shadow lingers still;
	It pulls the noose, it seeks to kill.
	And so the Wardens watch is kept,
	A duty that so few accept.
Each day the light meets dark with parry
Those watchful eyes: the Ardnari.

There were more verses like this, but I was distracted by the arrival of the Kings armies. I suppose I will never see those texts again.
Let us hope that Belnavar did some good then, Yavn said.
Ah, there is no doubt, HerrDon said. He and Trueblade have trained well together and shared many a battle against a number of foes. He will stand his ground for a long time ere the Beast rules Larksong.
Why do you speak so kindly of these people of Arlin? Yavn asked. You know that they believe in foul things. The same with the Garigt. Corrias-worshippers, the lot of them!
Do not try my patience, boy! I am not like my father. He despises all things that are not of Boror, and so lets our lands fall into enemy hands instead of getting aid from those who would be our friends. Who are you to speak in disdain of foul and corrupt things, you who spoke today with the voice of shadow?
That was not of my devising.
That I am sure, but you let yourself be the vessel of Agons emissaries to challenge HerrDon the Great and Master Ifferon! You let the Spectres be a danger they might not have been. He was about to continue, but held his tongue, which appeared like a great struggle that sent the anger from his mouth into his grim eyes.
I will take the first watch, the prince said, standing up suddenly. In three hours I will wake you, Yavn, and then you will wake Master Ifferon.

*     *     *

And so was it that Ifferon and Yavn laid out the quilts and blankets upon the floor while HerrDon killed the flame in the lantern. Thus was their resting place cast in shade, but no darkness could disturb them, for the ache in their bodies numbed their mind. At first, Ifferon was vaguely aware of HerrDon sitting by the window, staring out at the hillsand sometimes staring at him. But the realm of sleep clawed at him and tugged him deeper into a bizarre dream. Shapes and figures danced across his mind, tall and dark and flowing, and all the while was HerrDon sitting there, killing the flame.
He awoke suddenly, startled by Yavns hand upon his shoulder. Ifferon, its your watch, he said quickly, and then he went to his bed and hid himself amongst the blankets, not even bothering to see if Ifferon was indeed fully awake and willing.
It took several arduous minutes before Ifferon managed to struggle from the blankets and stumble towards the lonely chair. He sat and yawned, glancing out at the heavy night and the great blackness it cast across the hills. It was not cold, but the sight of those empty hills sent a chill deep into his bones, where it remained for a time until he began to doze off.
Then something gnawed at him. A sound rang loud in his mind, a siren song leading him from his stupor into the vigilance of the wide awake. He heard the thrumming of the Scroll in his pocket, a deep vibration that set his hands shaking in the starlight. His eyes, wide with wonder at first, were now held in check by the sight upon the hills: a tall dark figure creeping slowly forth. His heart jumped, as if the very life in him was struggling to get free, and he stood up and hugged the wall beside the window. There the seeds of the image grew into large dark phantoms. He could see the others sleeping on the floor, oblivious. He could feel the presence drawing closer. But he could not move, could not call out, as if the very wall was holding him in place. And then a sounda sharp footstep outside. And a sightthe handle of the door creaking slowly open.

V  A GATHERING IN THE GLOOM



Teron! Ifferon cried, almost happy to see him. The head-cleric stood at the door in his elegant attire, with his familiar frown that would have turned sour even the merriest of meetings. The tall figure of Belnavar stood behind him, his clothing foul, but his face much fairer.
The wall loosened its grip on Ifferon, but now he clung to it, for shock was a friend of fear, and made Ifferon in need of some support.
Ah, Ifferon, you have arrived safely, Teron said. You did not think that I would die at Larksong, did you? he asked, noting Ifferons surprise. Are you going to let us linger on the doorstep? Belnavar has come a long way.
Oh ... oh, of course! Ifferon managed, stumbling over the seat as he tried to welcome them. Come in. Theres plenty of space.
HerrDon awoke suddenly and held his sword before him, but when the light of a newly-lit lantern shone upon the faces of Belnavar and Teron, he arose and greeted them with a smile instead of a blade. This is a good sight! Belnavar! You have taken up my invitation. It is good to see you herebut this leads me to wonder if there is bad news for Larksong.
Do not worry about that now, Belnavar said. We have done our best, and I found Teron while we were retreating. I decided to bring him here when he questioned if I had seen any of his men. He looked at Ifferon. And here they are! It is always good to see a joyous reunion.
Teron stepped forward, his robes brushing heavily across the floor. A joyous reunion, he said. Why do I doubt that, Ifferon? Come aside with me. I have some things to discuss that only your ears should hear. With that he glanced quickly at Yavn, who had but rolled over in his sleep.

*     *     *

The night air was cool, but the two clerics stood outside by the door and stared blankly at the sky. Terons hair was dishevelled, but this had little effect upon his kingly composure. Ifferon did not believe it possible for Teron to be more grim than he was at Larksong, but his doubt was destroyed when he looked upon the head-clerics solemn features.
I guess this must be a bit of a surprise to you, Teron said. I guess you thought that you would never see me again. Or, better yet, I guess you never thought of it, never thought of me. I guess you were thinking about other things. Would I be guessing right, Ifferon?
When Larksong was attacked, I thought of nothing else but flight, Ifferon replied.
But is that not what you have thought about your whole life? Is that not the very reason why you were at Larksong in the first place? 
Ah, Ifferon, my monastery is gone, Teron said, a tear forming in his eyes. My library is burned, my books are ruined, and my clerics are dead. There is little left for me there, though I may try to salvage it if it is not already scavenged by Agons menif we can even call them that.
Then Terons voice hardened once more and the tears dried up, for he had glanced back at Yavn sleeping quietly in the hut. The boy, who is he? Why is he here?
Hes just a
A cleric? I think not. I know a cleric when I see one, and he is an impostor.
I know, but he has admitted it. He is but an adventurous youth. The memory of the spirits speaking through Yavn whispered in his mind.
I can tell you one thing, Ifferon, and that is that he is anything but an adventurous youth. He is much more and much less, and if you have any kind of sense in you, you will see this, and you will not let him fool you with his innocence. For that matter, I suggest you keep a wary eye on this prince. He has a good heart, that is plain, but he is prone to strange behaviour. His father, who I am in good trust with, would not have him in his court to save the embarrassment. He is very much a rogue, Ifferon, and he will lead you astray ere a safe haven.
Unlike this safe haven? Ifferon remarked, feeling almost like a child wanting to defy a parent. I am being wary, but I will not abandon them, for they have stuck with me through this recent darkness. I admit that there is something strange about HerrDon, as if sometimes he is completely absent of mind, but he does indeed have a good heart, and I trust in that more than
More than me, you mean, Teron said.
That is not what I meant.
Do not lie to me, Ifferon. Every time I approach you, you cringe and back away, as if I were the Adversary. I give you good counsel, for, in truth, I am concerned about you; for you see, I was trusted with a special charge, and to that charge I have not failed, until today. Hearken, Ifferon, for I tell you the truth. I am loyal to my word, and your doubts of this are putting you in more danger than you know.
I will take your counsel, Teron, and I will bear it ever in my mind, but I will not wander on my own. HerrDon has promised to lead us to Ardn-F, where
Ardn-F! Teron gasped, as if the words were blasphemy to his ears. You spout more madness by the minute, Ifferon. Do not tell me that a lettered man like you knows nothing of the horrors of that place. It reeks of evil, Ifferon! It may be called the Haven of Light in Old Arlinaic, but that name was appointed for the time when the Aelora lived there. They have long fled the place, and the festers of their magic have left a great magnet for evil things. It is a cursed land, Ifferon, and all who wander there are taken by its curse.
We will not be alone. There are two Magi, and one is an Ardnar!
Ha! The Ardnari, Teron scoffed, the wrinkles in his face contorting to mimic his disgust. They are a council of fools, believing they have discovered immortality and the Stone of the Wise. They know nothing of this world, Ifferon, nothing of the powers that are now set in motion. They are misguided by their pride and have long abandoned their role as Wardens of the Light. They will be of no aid to you, and if they would have you wander in Ardn-F, then that is proof alone of their madness. Hearken, Ifferon, for you are being led astray. You have wandered this world before and have tired of its frailty, and now you wish to wander it again? Then go wander and lose yourself in the darkness, for I grow tired of your childishness. Forty years! Forty years and you are still nave. No, I shall not tire my breath with giving heedless counsel, but I have a message here that I would have you deliver to Melgals, and I warn you, Ifferon, only he should open it.
How do you know his name?
Belnavar spoke of him to me earlier today. HerrDon and Belnavar are trusted friends, both would-be Knights of Boror in the style of the Knights of Issar in Arlin, and both are well-known to Melgals. Oh, do not get caught up in his role as one of the Ardnari. That is but a rumour that he likes to feed his hungry pride with, and there is no truth in any of it. Trust instead that he is a Magus, and in his skill therewith I do not doubt. He is older than he appears, but not as old as he claims, and he has a brother who has followed suit and spread some rumours of his own, though he himself has vanished into foreign lands. I will tell you one thing, Ifferon, and that is that he is indeed cunning, so you are well not to play tricks with him. This message is for him and him alone. When he receives it he may then share what is contained therein. If you must wander to Ardn-F, then wander, but whatever you do, make sure he receives this message when you meet him, and make sure you do not lose it. With that he took a small letter from his pocket and handed it to Ifferon. The envelope was stamped with a Seal of Olagh containing the name Mehlalesh, and it was stamped with two smaller seals, both black, faded and difficult to read.

*     *     *

Where are your men? HerrDon asked.
Belnavar turned to him and grinned. You think I ran off and let them fight without me? Nay, HerrDon, nay. The minstrel, Edican, has decided to head back to my home town, and Velis and Clannil have gone to your father to report on the state of the Beach.
I thought you had long ceased to communicate with my father, HerrDon said. He shunned the whispers of disappointment that hid in the dark places of his mind.
I have, and as you can see, I didnt go to him myself. Velis was adamant that the King should know that Larksong has fallen. This could spell a very dark time for Boror, HerrDon. Until now only the Forts at the borders have been attacked, and all of our ports have repelled the dark ships beforebut we have never seen such an attack as this. Our ballista fell within minutes, as did half my men. If it were not for the songs of Edican, the rest would have broken well before I called our retreat. HerrDon, I do not understand what has prompted this attackbut I know that you do.
I have only rumours to work with.
Nay! I have only rumours to work with, but you are a prince, and the Court is ripe with news from all over Boror. The King did not send you to Larksong, HerrDon, and I know this. You brought the Fifth Regiment down on some other information. I could warrant a guess it has something to do with this mistress of yours and her  mentor.
Boror is close to collapsing, HerrDon said. My father ... he is not a military man. Nor are his advisers, and this has led him to ignore the threat of Agon. Like you, I did not expect such a large attack, but Master Melgals did give me warning. Now my entire regiment is dead, and there is a vast hole in our defences. We cannot pull our men from the Forts to attempt to regain Larksong, and our armies are scattered. The Garigt have all but abandoned us, but I have heard rumour that they have travelled to Telarym and are planning to lay siege to Nahragor. This sounds like a desperate plan to bring the battle to Nahlin so we can regroup, but it is a dangerous plan that may work to Agons advantage.
But I believe you can help greatly here. I would do this myself if I did not have other things to attend to. There are militia in all the towns of Boror, and a great contingent in Elragor. If you could unite these and take back Larksong, we may be able to refortify in time for a second attack, and this second attack may be averted altogether if the Garigt are successful at Nahragor. Thus, I also propose that you travel to Telarym after you unite the armies and ensure that the Garigt are aware of how Boror is doing.
And what if the Garigt are not in Telarym? Belnavar asked.
They will be. It is not likely for them to leave Boror without a good reason.
The good reason is that our kingdom is falling apart! There was a hint of desperation in Belnavars voice that HerrDon had not heard before.
They are loyal, Belnavar, I assure you. Their leader, Geldirana, is not only a great strategistshe is a great warrior as well. If it were not for my fathers distrust of them, they would have come before the Court to speak more openly of their plan.
You learned of this from Melgals, didnt you?
You are truly impossible, Belnavar, HerrDon said with a smile. Yes, he told me that the Garigt were planning an attack, but he would say no more when I questioned him. He is trustworthy. He predicted the attack on Boror, so I am sure he has his sources.
Whether his sources are trustworthy or not is what bothers me, Belnavar said, but nonetheless, I will carry out your plan. I will travel with Teron to Madenahan so that he may rest safely before I try to muster an army to retake Larksong Beach.

*     *     *

Dawn broke over the crescent of the hills, and thin fingers of light caressed the land, sending the shadows fleeing from their fiery touch. Yavn awoke to find he was with new company, Ifferon and Teron wearing sullen masks on one side, and HerrDon and Belnavar smiling broadly on the other.
By the time he had wiped the sleep from his eyes he found that they were leaving. Take good care of Ifferon, wont you? Belnavar said to him, giving a nod. Or Ill have HerrDon enact his favourite pastime. Come, Teron. Madenahan is still many days away at the swiftest of paces.
Im an old man, Belnavar, Teron grumbled. We shall travel at my pace.

*     *     *

And so the two guests departed almost as quickly as they had come, and Ifferon stood despondently, as if a great cloud had risen above his head during the night, dropped a great thunder of rain, and left to seek a new victim. On several occasions he was forced to test if he had dreamed that Teron had been there, but always it was proven by the fact of the letter sitting silently in his pocket with the Scroll.
Eat up, Master Ifferon, HerrDon said, handing him a bowl of oats drowned in dawnwater. The Cliffhills are our road today, and I can assure you, we will find no food there. Rocks and more rocks, and unless youre a Moln, I doubt that will appease your appetite.
Theres something strange at work here, Yavn said.
HerrDon glanced at him quickly, as if to silence him, but then turned away and looked towards the window. Is it not good to see Belnavar again?
Him, yes, but I do not trust this head-cleric.
What about you, Master Ifferon? Do you trust him? HerrDon asked.
No, but that is just the way he is. You cant be sure if hes helping or hindering.
Hes in my fathers Court, the prince said. Hes the Royal Cleric of Olagh.
He never mentioned that.
No, he wouldnt, would he? He likes to play mind games with his cloak of mystery. Its the same with everyone in the Court. Theyre all too busy toying with the world that they completely ignore the truth of our situation. Even a tyranny would be better than this apathy from them.
Do you desire the throne? Yavn asked.
HerrDon paused, letting the oats drip from his spoon. No, not with a Court like that, he said at last.
But you could change the Court.
Its too late for that. The nobles will not budge even if I brought a sword to their throats. So long as they are safe within the castle, they do not think of the dangers outside.
You do desire the throne, Yavn said. But that is not the only thing that has been bothering you all these years, is it? Yesterday, in the hills, the Spectres did something that I did not know they could. They used me, because my guard was down. But I saw things, saw images in my mind. There was a house, a house burning with a strong red fire, and there were screams coming from the housethey were screaming at you, HerrDon.
Do not talk of this with me, Yavn, I warn you! the swordsman shouted, banging the table with his fist. You are but a child to my eyes, and if you would play with a sword, I assure you, you will get hurt. Eat up quickly and let us begin our march. Perhaps some walking will wake you up from your fantasy.
The tension hung like looming Spectres above their heads. The suns fingers  reached into the murky darkness of the hut, but only Ifferon sat facing it, letting the light wash away the stains of the night. HerrDon and Yavn sat in a silent glare, challenging each other with their eyes until they had broken their fast and packed their things. The chests were almost bare by the time they had finished, but HerrDon assured them that these would be needed to get to Ardn-F.
And so was it that the three stood like great statues before the door of the Garigt hut, silhouettes against the rising sun. HerrDon took a deep breath and made a joyous sigh. Now to see one of the many wonders of our world, he said. The Cliffhills await.






VI  THE VALLEY OF STONE



They began their journey towards the Cliffhills with a hint of excitement, but after HerrDon told them what lay ahead, their enthusiasm quickly turned to melancholy, like a man turns to rock under the endless glare of a Gorgon.
It would be a long downhill trek before they reached the mouth of the Cliffhills, and then it would consume them for a total of four days if they kept their pace, or it would cage them completely if they wandered and the rocks led them astray. HerrDon described it to them in great and yawning detail. Two great cliffs of stone stood on either side like monstrous shouldersor huge gaping jaws. Every so often a peak could be seen, tall and bladed like a granite tooth stabbing the sky. And boulders of all sizes lay everywhere, balancing on beams of sand and dust, waiting for a weary footfall. Slabs of stone stood like great monoliths, the earth praising the heavens above, and all the while a new rock formation would mimic an old one and shove a large stony doubt into the mind of a careless traveller.
But Ifferon concentrated on the thinning grass beneath him. They had already travelled over an hour, and it was light travel compared to the days beforea welcome change, but Ifferon knew well that HerrDon was not exaggerating about the journey that awaited them in the Cliffhills, nor the troubles and terrors of Ardn-F. On many occasions he felt himself drift off into a dark trail of thought, getting lost there for a moment until HerrDon drew him back like the unsheathing of his sword.
Its dangerous to think too deeply about things, the prince said. You might discover something you would rather keep buried.
Oh, I think Ive discovered enough of those, Ifferon replied.
HerrDon smiled broadly. Come, Master Ifferon! Walk and pay attention to your feet alone. Or the hills! Stare at them now while they are still fair and green.
Theyre already fading, Yavn said. I mean, below us, as if our very presence is wilting the grasses. Its not a pleasant sight at all.
Ha! It seems your gloom has caught on, Master Ifferon, HerrDon said, grabbing Ifferon and Yavn by the shoulders. The greatest plague of mens minds is fear, doubt, and despairand you two are bedridden! Fear not the darkness while the light is still out. Doubt not your safety while you walk in the presence of HerrDon the Great. Despair not while you still have strength in you.
The swordsmans words faded off like the dulling hills, remaining only in the sombre reflection of their minds. A straggle of trees led like breadcrumbs down the slope, until at last the company reached the Stone Mouth, where no birch or elder would go. They passed beneath the great archway and it felt like straying into a distant memory, for the green of old had turned to greyshrubs of rock, trees of stone, and a perpetual granite flatland, all still and lifeless.
The sleeping fortress of the Cliffhills reared up before them, as if its barren exterior was but a ruse for what lived secretly beneath, like a dormant volcano waiting to give a final cough. The great cliffs rose on either side like the walls of godly houses, and Ifferon noted with exceeding gloom that at any moment they could collapse in on thema gods manor swiftly become a mans tomb.
Yavn attempted to capture the mood of the place in verse before the rocks would rob him of his inspiration:

In the troubled town of old Larksong,
Where all was shone in brightest green,
How I did make a journey long
Through walls of grey and stones serene;
Though little did I know the way
(And almost to my death did stray),
But for the wile of friend unseen
Was I led through the rocky throng
Into a place Ive never been
Or perhaps Ive been here all along!

And so they came to know the great Cliffhills, and it came to know them, for they travelled the entire day, further into the cavernous gape. Soon the grey dulled their senses, and their minds swam in the clouded colour. After a while they became accustomed to it, and their eyes saw subtle hints of blue and green in the pattern of cracks, grooves and hiding hollows in the walls. The gloaming began its steady advance, marching through the valley in cold pursuit. 
The company passed a massive boulder, a great stone remnant from the games of the gods, sitting in the heart of the cool mountainous valley. It was twice the height of man and was marked with strange carvings that resembled some sort of primitive writing. Further on there were many of these boulders, strewn about as if they came from the caved-in roof of the gods stone dwelling. A monstrous rock stood watch over these like a silent but vigilant mother, and it was not long before the company fell under her sentinel shadow. She protected the stones and guarded the valley; Ifferon did not want to think of what she guarded it from.
We shall rest here for tonight, HerrDon said, staring up at the monolith. The darkness will come swiftly and we would do well to be sleeping ere it arrives. We shall light a small fire and we can use this beast for cover.
Let us hope she can scare away the darkness, Yavn said, collapsing upon a seat of stone. Oh, I actually hope the night is long, for at least then can I rest.
The day will be much longer, HerrDon said. But you will appreciate it more in the morning. Youll find it very difficult to sleep out here.
And so they unpacked some blankets and huddled close while HerrDon started a fire with the wood they had brought from the hut. Its a pity nothing grows out here. We wont have a fire for the next few nights, and we shall mourn the loss.
The day wilted, finding no life in the valley to sustain it, and so came the dour of nightfall, where the grey finally faded and another colour set out, a great blackness that stalked from rock to rock and hunted down the nooks and hollows. The fire went steady for some hours and the company shared whispered stories across the flame, but now it too was beginning to dwindle, casting them not only in darkness, but in silence, for they did not talk when the fire went out. 
Ifferon was on first watch that night, resting against the colossal boulder. The rock was cold, but more and more through the night he felt himself pressing deeper against it, as if he was comforted by the solidity he found there. He did not look back to see exactly what he was leaning against; his eyes were firmly set upon the other rocks further back along the path, great black smears upon the backdrop of shadow.
The steady staring led his mind into a silent meditation on the stones and the shadows, and his eyelids became like burdens, little rocks of their own. A dream began to take him, and he did not have the strength to fight it. Slowly he wandered the idle pathways of slumber.
But a swiftness seized him. His eyes went wide and sharp. His body tensed. A looming pressure rose in his chest, staying his breath and stalling his heart. The whistles of the wind, shrill and shriek, snatched his attention, stole his gaze. And thena shimmer in the shadows, a sudden movement from the boulders in the distance. A Spectre lurked there, watching him from its vantage point. Then it was gone. But soon it reappeared at the other boulder, closer, dark hands caressing the rock. Again it vanished and again it returned in a different place. Ifferon realised that he was frozen still, as if the very chill of the rock behind had finally assimilated him. His eyes were not wide with the alert of danger but frozen open. He sat there, paralysed.
And then he felt the great presence looming near, crawling slowly towards him, delaying the terror. Then cold breath, piercing upon his face, and he felt a shudder in the very core of him, like an earthquake in his soul. The Spectre hovered over him, a phantom with wordless whispers that spoke of nightmare and malice. Then a caress, flesh against shadow, a clawing embrace, pulling at him, threatening to descend with him, to bring him all the way down. Then sleep.

*     *     *

The next day they set out early after a hasty meal. Ifferon did not mention the shadows, but HerrDon acted strangely, as if somehow he knew. Time creaked and all was silent in the dreary valley. The day passed like grinding stone, slow and monotonous, churning on in a single endless parade of the emptiness of the earth. The rocks were solemn, heads of stone raised to the sky in selfless prayer. Every so often a crumble could be heard, and the scree from the mountains would come tumbling down to base the valley in an unstable fabric. And each of these noises built new fears in the minds and hearts of the wary travellers, for perhaps they were the sound of something hunting them, or the echo of the valley threatening to cave inand they did not know which was worse.
So they lumbered on. Stone became stone and day became night, and all the while a fear festered in Ifferons heart.

*     *     *

The third day in the Cliffhills was as dull and tiring as the others, but it was flagged by a tumultuous rain, bashing down in great blades of angered sky. The clouds were darker, hiding fiercer greys than they had seen the days before. And the ground became quickly plastered in mud, mounting and rising with each and every ocean that came tumbling down on them.
I hate the rain! HerrDon called, his voice taken by a great and sudden wind.
Can we not find a place to shelter? Ifferon asked.
If Olagh is kind, the prince replied, wiping the rain from his eyes. We must keep walking until we find some refuge from this storm.
And so the three struggled on, their limbs fighting virtuously against the wall of the wind and the pikes of the rain. Their eyes were soon flooded, and the rocks became dislodged and shaken, threatening to collapse or sink them if they lost their footing. And they did; twice Yavn slipped and came crashing down into the sludge and the stone, and five times Ifferon tripped and was caught by the firm grip of HerrDons hand. 
When at last they found an outcrop in the rocky shelves in which to sit under, the rain had lessened, but it did not cease. They sat and cowered beneath the rock, their cloaks and clothes clinging to their skin as much as they clang to their attire. They huddled in the cold and the silence, watching the wind caress the rain with its icy touch. They watched until they almost came to know each drop, and then it faltered and died away, leaving just the chilling wind with its probing fingers.
But the night had come, and the three became one again in the realm of sleep, where the rain would not wander and the cold would not tread.

*     *     *

Ifferon awoke suddenly to the sight of HerrDon sitting silently, staring at him. His eyes glinted in the starlight, but his face still hung in the realm of shadow. There was a great tension in the airapprehensions dark embrace. HerrDon tapped the handle of his sword with his fingers. He had removed his gloves.
You do not sleep easily, HerrDon said.
Ifferon sat up and yawned to the night sky. You do not sleep at all, it seems, he responded.
Oh, I sleep, the prince said, leaning forth a little. I sleep when sleep is neededand I stay awake when sight is needed.
If you are referring to keeping watch, then I do not understand why you should sit and stare at me, Ifferon said.
Oh, really? HerrDon replied, shifting on his rocky seat. I rarely hear of Master Ifferon lacking understanding, but let us not dwell on such matters. We must travel early today. Ardn-F is near. I can feel its presence. The rock is no longer dead. There is a sizzle in the air, a crackling on the wind. We are very close.
And then, as if a great battering ram had broken through the reinforced doors of Ifferons mind, he was struck by the realisation that something was amiss. Something out of place, something importantsomething gone! Then the workers of the ram came into view. Ifferon put his hands into his pockets, finding nothing. The letter was gonethe Scroll was gone! And that same nagging feeling invaded his heart.
Where is it? he asked, patting his clothes again.
Where is what? HerrDon said.
My ... my things! Where are they? I
Did you drop them along the way?
No, I ... I had them last night, I am sure of it! But, I ... And Ifferon looked at the swordsman, seeing a flicker in his eyes, a tremor on his lips. Where did you put them? What did you do with them?
Me? What are you talking about?
I had them last night! I did! You took them, you must have!
Now, here! Calm yourself and return to thinking. I do not take kindly to your accusations. HerrDon the Great does not stoop to petty thievery! What would I want with your things? HerrDon stood up and turned to Yavn. But ... I was not the only one on watch last night.
I do not ... I cannot see that this
Come, Master Ifferon! Look here! And the prince removed the documents from one of the stableboys pockets, careful not to wake him.
How did you know thats what I was looking for?
Well ... isnt it obvious? HerrDon said. What else do you have, Master Ifferon? Look! Here they were hidden away within his habit, which, I might add, he obviously stole from the monastery before. Come, Master Ifferon! Are you really this blind? You dont even know him, yet you allow his antics. You allow him to parade about before you with his words and his guile! Hes a thief in the night, a servant of the Adversary.
Give them to me.
Hold! Why are you so obsessed with these works? Why are they so important to you?
Theyre all I have, remember?
Im not trying to trick you, Master Ifferon. Indeed, out of all the people youve met so far, I think Id be the most trustworthy. This stableboy, theres something about him, isnt there? Something not quite right.
I could say the same for you.
Dont try me, Ifferon! If you wish to play Yavns games, then you can both be children lost in the shade. I am a warrior, a leader, a prince. Im here on orders. Im here with a purpose. And so are you! If you wish to fulfil this purpose, and I really hope you do, then I advise you to follow my wisdom. With this, he held his hand forth with the Scroll and the letter. No hard feelings?
None, Ifferon said sharply, taking the items and putting them away.
We should do something about him, HerrDon said, and he tapped his sword again.
What are you implying?
Well ...
He is just a boy.
I am just a man.
HerrDon, I ... I do not like where this is going.
We could leave him here, HerrDon mused, rubbing his beard and biting his lip. Let the stone take him ...
I do not take kindly to this cruelty!
... but he knows so much already.
HerrDon! Do not let these dark thoughts consume you!
Consume? No, not right now ...
Listen to me, HerrDon, Ifferon said, laying his hands upon the princes shoulders and looking deep into his eyes. Let us begin our journey for today and leave dark thoughts behind with the stone. You said we are near, so let us not dwell on this.
HerrDon sighed long and harsh as he sat back down. Youre right, Im sorry. Its just ... I dont trust him, Master Ifferon. I dont trust him at all, and I believe you would be wise not to either. Keep your guard, at the very least. The warnings of the Great do not come lightly.
And so the potential bloodshed turned into another morning of laborious walking. They set out early, Yavn complaining of his tiredness, HerrDon remaining silent, and Ifferon casting wary glances at the two. He wanted to trust, wanted to shake the growing fear, but uncertainty and insecurity lingered in the depths of his heart.
The Cliffhills faltered and the rock became scarce again. Soon HerrDon announced that they had passed the borderline and were now in Ardn-F, but there was no need for such a declaration, for the air had grown thinner and the atmosphere had changed. It was closer, more compressed, as if something else was breathing with them, sucking in their air.
It was not long before that something came into view.
Look! HerrDon called, pointing ahead. Can you see it?
There was a sudden tension in the air, as if it were all drawing towards that one location. HerrDon hid behind a rock, and Ifferon and Yavn clambered behind a spiny bush. From these vantage points a dull glow could be seen up ahead, a glow that was growing, as if it were approaching them.
What is it? Ifferon whispered.
I think this is our guide, HerrDon replied after a moment of surveillance.
Our guide? Yavn asked.
Yes, its an ardnaleb, an orb of light. Melgals would have sent it.
Yavn looked at it again and shook his head. But how can you be sure?
Faith, the prince replied. If you were really a Cleric of Olagh, youd understand that. He stood up and the light grew suddenly brighter, as if it were reacting to him. Then swiftly it came darting forward from the concealment of the trees and the rock. There they could see it more clearly, a brilliant ball of white, pulsing and shimmering. There was a strange noise, a deep humming, and then a weak globular sound. The orb then began to move back along the path it had come, travelling up towards the trees again.
I think it wants us to follow it, HerrDon said, smiling broadly.
Yavn tried to speak, but words failed him. The wonder on his face was speech enough, for clearly he had seen nothing like this, nor heard of it when tucked into bed as a child.
They followed the orb through the trees, tracing the faint lines of glow it left behind. The trees were few and sparse, and the orb zigzagged from one to another, as if feeding off them. The company tracked it, forgetting their stony prison of the past few days, forgetting the horrors of the darkness, forgetting even what cursed land they now walked in.
They were led to a clearing surrounded on two sides by a forest that, HerrDon announced, was called the Rotwood. To one side of this clearing lay a small swamp, dull and murky, and there, sitting upon a large fallen trunk, was a woman clad in robes of blue with yellow lining, and a large ash bow strapped across her back. She turned to them and smiled.
HerrDon raced forth. Thalla! he called, sweeping her into the air and kissing her. He stroked her long red hair, which fell upon her shoulders like a fountain of fire. She smiled and giggled, and when the prince set her down again, she held his arm and looked deep and longingly into his eyes.
You have been away longer than I expected, she said, her voice young and tender. I was afraid I was going to have to fetch for you.
Did you send the ardnaleb?
No, of course not. I still do not have my Beldarian yet. That was Melgals
Is he here? I was expecting to see him.
Oh, yes, we
Hes here, came a voice, old and strong. Yes, hes here. They turned to find a man standing on the edge of the wood carrying a bundle of branches in his arms. He wore thick black robes with purple lining, his hood hiding his face, but his long chestnut hair hung out in strands, some braided and beaded in coloured stones. He had a thick moustache that was in dire need of trimming, but no beard to match. Perched upon his right shoulder was a raven, glaring out at them with piercing eyes. 
He set down the branches and walked towards the group, lowering his hood to reveal many more braided strands. Ah, HerrDon! he said, patting the swordsman on the arm. It is good to see you again, my friend, good to see you! And whos this? Would an old man be right in guessing this is our good friend Ifferon? Ah, yes, Ifferon it is! Wonderful, wonderful! I am very pleased here, very pleased. But youyou I do not know.
Yavn is my name.
Yavn? You dont look Aelora to me, hmm, the Magus said, scrunching his face and rolling a bead from one of his braids between his fingers, as if it were some oracle. Ah, well, Yavn, it is very nice to meet you. Good company, yes! Come along now everyone. Sit and we can catch up. The orb tells me youve been busy in the Cliffhills, yes, very busy, hmm.
The ardnaleb was watching us? HerrDon asked.
Watching? Melgals said. Nodearest me no, dont be daft. The orbs been seeing you. Oh, yes, seeing you for quite some time. Theres nothing the orb cannot see. Ah, but my memorys failing me. Comes with the age, you see. When did I send him out, Thalla?
Oh, it must have been three or four days now.
About the time we entered the Cliffhills, HerrDon said.
Melgals smiled deeply, but his eyes almost pointed at the prince. About the time, he said. Precisely! Now, come along children. I want to get acquainted quickly so I can get on with the important things.
Melgals, Ifferon said. I was given a message for you.
A message? Hmm, yes, Ive been expecting one all right, cant say that I havent. You start expecting things when youve lived as long as I have, you see. Yes! Long. I know I dont look it, but Im well past ten decades. Hmm, youre thinking I look about the same age as you, Ifferon, yes? Look into my eyes and count each year for every star you find.
With this Ifferon grew entranced by the Magus gaze, staring into his eyes, seeing the wrinkles in the heavens of his sight, slowly counting the stars.
Yes, now, come along! Malgals said. Show me this message, Ifferon, or Ill have to grow another star!
Ifferon handed the letter to Melgals and watched carefully as the man felt the envelope and looked upon the stamp. Theres only one person who calls me Mehlalesh, he said. And I know very well who he is, yes. Hmm, Teron seems to have been very active in Boror of late, very active. And, I would warrant, very active outside Boror too! But this is obviously important news, yes. He opened the letter and sat down upon the nearest rock. His eyes followed the trail of each line while the others waited, watching the raven on his shoulder, who was also watching them.
After a time the Magus spoke, and his voice was troubled. No, he said. No, this is not good, this is not good at all! I was waiting for it, I must admit, but still, the confirmation is certainly no release. We do not have much time, no. We must start immediately.
Then suddenly there was a movement in the swamp, as if the very waters had been listening. A dull groan came rumbling from its depths, growing louder and fiercer as the company backed away. Then the raven gave a cry and Melgals the Magus stood to face the darkness.

VII  PHANTOMS OF ARDN-F



A giant, lumbering figure rose up from the swamp, blotting out the frail light of the morning sky. A flood of foul brown water fell from the creature, and then its twisted body came into view: a great hulk of fallen weeds and branches, an arched back of stone and rotting wood, and veins of thick brown liquid, like the roots of dark trees. Large branches were embedded in its back, as if the very trees themselves had tried to slay it, and upon one of those branches lay an impaled skeleton, a mangled frame of shattered bones and twisted limbs. Most terrifying of all was its mouth, agape and hanging wide, as if it was still screaming. The foul beast was a Karisgor, and it creaked and moaned, and Ifferon saw the many arrows and rusted blades that were embedded in its torso, dwarfed by the great mass of its body.
It turned towards them, its face held aloft, as if foul hands groped at it, tearing into its eyes: small yellow eyes, like tiny flames in a pool of shadow and agony. A jawless mouth gave out a sombre cry, a surge of mud and slime drooling down into the marsh. Ribs of branches imprisoned a horde of skeletal figures, and a single bony arm hung limp, as if it had been trying to escape its branchy cage.
The monster pulled back, and the muddy water rushed around it. In a sudden and sharp wretch it lunged forth and crushed a wooden limb into the ground. The water shrieked and splashed about in waves of pain, and Melgals stood before it with his arms outstretched, looking up at the mangled face.
Leave not your foul domain! he called, and the great shadow that it cast before it seemed to grow less dauntingbut it did not fade. This is the Haven of Light and I am a Warden thereof. You cannot harm, you cannot kill, no! You have no law to leave your prison here. I am an Ardnar and I command your obedience!
The creature froze, as if considering this, but then a great and ancient hunger overcame its fear and it lunged forth. Thalla drew her bow and before the Karisgor could reach the Warden an arrow stabbed its wilting hide, and then another until the creature withdrew. 
Kill the beast! HerrDon shouted. Let the land suffer it no more! He jumped into the flaying waters with sword unleashed. A great frenzy came over him, and he hacked at the creature with all his might and madness. But the figure was tall and broad and repelled his force, knocking him back and parrying his deadly blows. 
Ifferon struggled with his fear. From the corner of his eye he could see a fallen sword by the broken tree trunk, but in full view lay the horror of the Karisgor coupled with the unleashed terrors of his imagination. He froze and saw that Yavn had found the rusted sword and was advancing on the beast, struggling with the rising waters. The stableboy reached its flank and then threw the blade forth, but it struck the thick hide and broke, and the Karisgor turned and knocked him back into the pool. Yavn struggled to escape the mire as the creature loomed near, but neither HerrDons blows nor Thallas arrows could draw its gaze. 
Then Melgals rushed before it and pushed Yavn back into the wading waters. You cannot harm him, no! By the Law of the Light I command you kneel before me, Beast of the Bog! he cried. He thrust forth his hands, and a great cry came from the wounded creature. A stream of blood leaked from it to the Wardens hands, and now each arrow forced a scream of pain from the Karisgor. Go to the Halls. Yes, go to Hals! Melgals called. A final drive of HerrDons blade ended the creatures life. It groaned into the air, lumbered there for a moment, and then came crashing down into the murk below.

*     *     *

Oh, how battle shall weary us all, for I am worn, Melgals said, faltering and stooping heavily upon a nearby rock. He waited there, his eyes set gravely upon the dour soil beneath, and then he turned to the others with a face of cold memory. The Karisgors are wild creatures, he began. Foul as they are old and twisted, yes, for they were once spirits of the wood, but when the demon-hordes of Molok took the Harwood Forest and turned it into the Rotwood they fell into ruin and began feeding off the life that strayed here. And so wanderers were consumed by these beasts, embedded in their hide in states of eternal agony. With each new body they grew stronger and darker, so to weaken them I can but drain them of their failing life. Thus have I sucked the blood from its being, but it does not go to me. No, it goes to the earth, which has long lived in torment here. Alas, for with each drop from it must come a wisp of light from me, and so dull am I now, dull and old.
Thalla ran to him and grabbed his arm, as if supporting a falling pillar. HerrDon pulled Yavn from the waters before putting his sword away, and then he came to Ifferon and placed a firm hand upon his shoulder. Do not weigh yourself down with fear or torture. You have much strength that you do not yet know, but you will find it ere the end. And then he went to Thalla and Melgals, and Yavn stepped before Ifferon.
Im drowned, he said. Ill die of cold now rather than at the hands of a monster. He looked up at Ifferon. You look ill. Come, let us sit and rejoice in our victory!
Our victory it was not, HerrDon said. For my blade was useless here, and that is a first!
We would all be dead were it not for you, Melgals, Thalla said.
The Warden looked at her. Praise wont replace the loss I have sustained, no. We must rest quickly and move on. I had hoped not to encounter anything here so far from Arlin, and yet, I felt somewhat weakened before this battle. How strange, yes, how very strange.
Ill light a fire, HerrDon said.
One to replace me? Melgals said, smiling weakly. Not here, no. We are in the open. Let us hide in the Rotwood and warm in there.
I do not wish to set the wood ablaze.
What wood? The trees are all dead there. Nothing lives within, and, as such, is a perfect place to spend the night. I do not fear the dead.
And so they limped and dragged their tired bodies to the realm of the Rotwood, a harrowing mass of wooden needles rising into the sky, like the hair of the earth standing on end. There was little foliage on these trees, and what was there was either half-eaten by mite or covered in mould. The trunks reeked, flaking away like dead skin, and everywhere beneath each footfall lay a sharp crunch. The air was thin, and what little of it there was carried the fetor of decay.
Id rather not breathe at all, Yavn said.
HerrDon smirked. That can be arranged.
Dont bicker in my presence, Melgals said sharply before the stableboy could respond. I could hear you two children at it all day on your way here.
A wizards ear, HerrDon said, smiling.
I wish, Thalla said. I could only feel you moaning.
Moaning? HerrDon scoffed. Hardly. What is there for the Great to complain about? He grinned broadly and wrapped his arm around her. Im the jolliest man alive!
Melgals shook his head, the beaded braids clattering off one another. Then get me the boat to Hals! he joked.
Again, HerrDon replied. That can be arranged.
The way Im feeling, I dont doubt it, no.
Stillyoure doing well for an old man.
I should be the only one to call myself old! Melgals said, partly in admonishment, but mostly as banter. Its one of the few privileges for those seasoned in life.
How old are you? Ifferon asked eventually.
Oh, that would be telling too much, my dear Ifferon, yes. Lets just say Ive had more than my fair share of the air around here.
You can have mine if you want with the stench of this place, HerrDon said.
I might take it just to keep you silent! Melgals grumbled.
The prince gestured dismissively and wandered ahead.
Are we looking for a specific area or just wandering for the sake of it? Thalla asked. I have been through here yesterday. The trees only get murkier the further you go.
True, yes, but theres an open space just a little further that has a nice feel about it, yes, quite nice. The air is far fairer there, at least. By now Melgals had regained that distant ring to his tone, that sense of otherworldly commandbut he still limped and straggled behind with Thallas aid. The raven sat silently on his shoulder.
Will you tell us what the message said? Yavn inquired, watching his footfalls when no one else wanted to see what was being crunched beneath their feet.
Oh, arent you the prying sort? the Warden replied.
Ifferon glanced at the stableboy and smiled.
Well, its just my nature, Yavn said, looking up like a pup whose name had just been called. I know youre going to tell us at some stage. Its your nature.
Ah, yes, but Im the only one who knows when, and that, my young friend, is something for an old man like me to savour. He gave a quick wink of his eye, and Ifferon caught the sight of the stars within exploding like a supernova.
I was told a lot about you, Ifferon said after a time. About the Ardnari. A sharp silence fell upon the others, beheading their voice.
Melgals turned slightly but did not alter his pace. Teron has a lot to tell, doesnt he? Hes quite the one for talking, quite the one. He has his weaknesses though, and perhaps talking is one of them, hmm.
He told me the Ardnari had discovered the Stone of the Wise.
We did, yes, but we had to find it within ourselves ere we found its matching location in Iraldas. The inner begets the outer, as they say, and let me tell you something, dear Ifferon: they are wise enough to keep their identity secret. Ah, we are not all that wise, Ifferon, are we, no? He shook his head sadly; a lonely bead dropped from a braid. But where was I? Dearest me, Ill forget my own age if Im not careful, and its never wise to forget your age, lest you think yourself young enough to do things you shouldnt. Old men break bones easily, I tell you, yes. Olagh bless! A tangent is a hard thing to shake, but lets do so now. We were talking of the Stone. Yes, the Stone. Finding it, of course, was no easy taskone that only a few here could be truly successful in.
Teron tried, I assume? Ifferon asked. He had almost forgotten his intended question with the wandering ways of Melgals thought.
Oh, yes, most definitelyhe tried. He even attended the Council where the Ardnari were selected. Rejection like that doesnt go down well for some people, no.
Why was he not selected? He seems to have his wisdom.
Hes not quite who he wants people to believe he is. No, his reasons for attending the Council were the reason of his rejection. See, he didnt quite take to old age like my fellow brethren, so his lust for the Elixir of Life showed us plainly that he was most unfit for it. Its not that I dont respect him, dear Ifferon, but I certainly dont trust him, no. But ... neither do you, now, do you?
Is it that obvious?
To me, yes, the Warden said. And to Teron too, no doubt. Im sure he was well aware of your recoil. Ah, here we are, yes! Fresh and fitting. I think some warmth and food will do us all some good.
Hear, hear to that! HerrDon said, grabbing Thalla by the waist.
	
*     *     *

Before long there was a fire going, not just in the earth but in their hearts as well. They forgot the horrors of the morningmostlyand were deep in the throng of heroic tales that mainly came from HerrDons mouth, all of which were duly corrected with major factual additions from Thalla.
... and all of them fled as soon as they saw me.
Yavn resisted the urge to comment there.
Well, thats not entirely true, is it, HerrDon? Thalla asked. Do you not remember that one thief who hid behind the curtains?
It was his fault, you know. My foot just happened to be in the wrong place at the
I think I know where this goes, Melgals said, laughing. Or where HerrDon goes.
Yavn sat silently, echoing the deep and tense silence of Ifferonbut it was not for want of words, but rather, no words seemed quite fitting. The air crackled with the fire, and some strange note rang in his heart. He stared across the flame, watching the shadows dance across Thallas face, vanishing into her smile. She caught his gaze and he turned away.

*     *     *

The fire died, and with it went their conversation. Thalla decided to turn in early and HerrDon joined her. Yavn sat silently at one end of the camp, with Melgals and Ifferon on the other.
Youve been too silent, Ifferon, the Warden said. Its not good for you, no. Expression helps us come to terms with our fears and doubts.
Its hard to express in these foreign lands, with these people I barely know.
True, yes, but do not let these circumstances weigh you down. The day will be much brighter than the night. And are there not ways to bring some light into the darkness too?
What do you mean?
This, Melgals said, extending his hand, is an Ilokrn. In his palm sat a black stone, shaped almost like a teardrop, but with a large hole in the centre, surrounded by several gold markings, all exerting a strange energy. It glowed in the last remaining embers of the fire. A Shadowstone, one of the few things that can actually repel the Shadows and their mastersthe Molokrnthough, dare I say, youd do better to run from the latter than try to face them with a piece of rock, no matter what I tell you! Dont pretend I havent noticed your fear before now, no. I know you have encountered the Shadows, but you have not yet met their masters, and I very much hope you never do!
There are two types of Ilokrn, the smaller variety like the one I have here, which are the weaker type, and then there are the much larger rings of stones that can be found in Telarymthe Greater Ilokrn. You see, the Taar of Telarym have spent most of their history fighting off the Shadow Hosts, their main defence being these stones, which they left at various places in their land. Anyone who enters a ring of Shadowstones will come to no harm by the Molokrn, for they cannot pass beyond them like we can. There is strong magic at work within them, magic from when the land was first created by the Elad ni, older than the gods we worship.
Why are you telling me this? Ifferon asked.
Melgals looked down and shook his head. Because my heart tells me that you will
But Melgals stood up suddenly, drawing his sword, which rang like the piercing tone of an alarm bell. Awake! Awake! he cried to the others, but his voice was dimmed by the darkness and the black shadows that were lurking by the trees. Stalkers of the Night, he shouted. Begone, the lot of you!
Ifferon turned to see a shimmer of blackness charge at him, but Melgals shoved his hand forth, holding the Ilokrn before the creature. It flinched and backed away. I hold the Stone of the Shield, foul beasts. You cannot approach, no!
We hold your heart in our fists, Yavn said in a leeching voice. He sat up, his eyes wide, his mouth open and his hands held aloft, as if he was frozen in a moment where he tried to halt the invasive shadow.
Melgals turned sharply. Leave the boy! he cried. Leave him now or face my wrath!
Your fire is dwindling, Mehlalesh! the voice through Yavn spoke.
Awake! Melgals cried again, this time more fiercely. HerrDon stirred suddenly, as if from a gripping nightmare. Immediately he unleashed his sword, stabbing the night with its sheen. Thalla twitched in her sleep, but she did not awake, as if the shadows were keeping her in the deep dungeons of slumber.
The night has no power over the light! the Warden shouted. Flee into the darkness where it comforts you! I am the conclusion of your comfort!
You are worn, Magus. We wear you down with every word ...
I command the words, so I command you! Take flight or I shall unveil my true nature as an Ardnar.
Your light is fading, Yavn said as the shadows advanced again. Melgals shoved the Ilokrn forth and the invisible barrier it created pushed the shadows back. But it was weakening.
Wake her from her sleep! Melgals called. Ifferon shook off his terror and began to shake Thalla from the clutches of dream, but Yavn grabbed his arm and pulled him back. HerrDon saw this and struck the stableboy in the face with the pommel of his sword, knocking him to the ground. Melgals turned as Thalla awoke. Get everyone. We go north!

*     *     *

They ran, HerrDon carrying Yavn, Thalla and Ifferon at the lead, and Melgals in the rear, still brandishing the Ilokrn as their last line of diminishing defence. As they ran the air grew thinner and the trees seemed to grow closer together, reaching in to choke them. All the while a fleet of blackness shot past on either side in the trees, racing around to cage them.
There was a groan in the ground, low but audible, a creaking moan that rose around them. Keep your pace! Melgals cried, but already the frenzied flight was beginning to tire him. The earthly groan grew louder and suddenly the group found themselves in another open clearing, surrounded on all sides by the hounding shadows.
Ready yourselves, HerrDon said, waving his sword before him like a flag of war. We cannot see them, but we can feel them.
Wardens should be able to see them! Melgals said in frustration. Something blocks my sight.
Ifferon! HerrDon called. Tell us where they advance.
They do not, Ifferon said. They linger by the edge, as if waiting for something.
There was a crash, as if trees were being uprooted somewhere nearby.
Karisgors! HerrDon cried. They are forcing us into an arena!
Can you drain them, Melgals? Thalla asked.
No, he said solemnly. I am too weak.
HerrDon gave the cleric his spare sword, which was heavy to hold. Another thundering roar bellowed out from the heart of the forest, and then there was the sound of collapsing trees. The party huddled together in the centre of the clearing, their weapons held forth, their eyes straining against the blackness.
Do not give in to fear, Melgals said. He grabbed Ifferon by the hand, giving him the Ilokrn. Now you must shine, Ifferon, yes. Shine and lead the company forth. Press against the darkness to the north. I shall keep this evil here.
No! Thalla cried, and she fawned his arm. Were not leaving without you.
Melgals said nothing, but gave a slight nod to HerrDon. Keep her safe, he said. Then he stepped forward, raising his sword into the sky, where it shone like a beacon. The raven upon his shoulder screeched loudly, flapping its wings and readying itself against the darkness.
For a moment the company stood frozen, but HerrDon grabbed Ifferon by the shoulder. Come, my friend. There is little we can do. Lead us forth with your sight and stone.
We cant leave him, HerrDon, Thalla wailed.
We can, he said, dragging her away.

*     *     *

Run! HerrDon shouted, trudging through the trees, while Ifferon and Thalla ran ahead, fear and shock their driving lash. Ifferon held the Ilokrn in front of him, as if it would also protect him from the battering of the branches and the lashing of the wind. 
The shadow had long passed behind them, but its memory lingered on, mauling their minds. Its chill sat like dewdrops upon their skin, seeping into every pore. Ifferons thoughts were rampant, running faster than his own limbs could, firing image upon image upon him, like a volley of arrows from a black corsair.
They ran for what seemed like a lifetime, until their limbs ached and their faces were scratched by clawing branches. Eventually they slowed and halted when weariness slew their fear. They sat and heaved and panted, while their eyes darted to the location of every sound and stir.
Ifferon clutched the Ilokrn until his fingers hurt and the markings were imprinted upon his palms. It gave him solace in the night, but a whispering part of him knew that its power was small against what lived in the gloom.
Thalla sat in sorrowful silence, her face drawn like a veil over a widow. She was deathly pale. Her eyes were wide and harrowing, and when Ifferon looked into them he saw a great dam holding back an endless flow of misery. He could not bring himself to say anything, for fear that the levee might break.
His death is not in vain, HerrDon told her. He hung his head, as if the words he wanted to say had not come and all he could offer were false comforts.  Yavn was awake now, but he remained silent.
The night grew long and the moon grieved behind the veil of cloud. Ifferon struggled to stay awake, for his mind was still haunted by shadow and he feared the dreams he would have. Even long after the others had fallen asleep he fought against his laden eyelids, until finally fatigue took him like a lover and kissed him goodnight.

*     *     *

Ifferon woke suddenly, his hands firmly clinging to the ground, as if he had fallen from his bed. But he was not at Larksong upon his old, hard mattress. The chill of the rock came suddenly, racing up his spine. He looked around quickly, making sure everything was safe, that there were no dark eyes staring from the trees. He felt the Ilokrn in his pocket with the Scroll, his only reassurances against the shade.
But something was not right. HerrDon was there, resting against a tree, a blanket firmly wrapped around him, his guard let down from exhaustion. Thalla was there, further away, curled up like a wounded animal. But he did not see Yavn, not now and not when he turned around twice, searching feverishly for him as though he were his own son.
He stood up quickly and ran to large fallen trees, and he peered behind them into the shadows, hoping to find a scared stableboy there, awaiting the call of Ifferons voice, but there was only shadow and further on a forest, and beyond that some mountains, and further still the endless ocean of the night. Turning again he found no trace that Yavn had indeed been there, no echoes of poetry upon the wind. With a sudden shock, he felt the loneliness crowd around him, and an empty hollow in his heart. Yavn Arri, victim of the phantom host, was gone.

VIII  THE TOWER OF TOL-TIML



The night dragged on, like a corpse trying to find its way to Hals. The last stars flickered and died out, lost candles in the vastness of the cosmos.
Something stirred in the belly of the earth, something small. A figure ventured from beneath the mask of shadow, stumbling on the border of slumber and the waking world. It drew closer, arms outstretched, groping at the air before it. A wandering manout late at night.
The raven stirred, glaring with yellow eyes at the approaching figure, flapping its wings in warning.
Yavn staggered forward, suddenly coming to the realisation of where he was. He blinkedeven the shadow of nightfall was bright in contrast to his dreams. Then he stopped, as if his feet had felt the edge of a ravine.
He looked before him, drawing in the landscape like a long, slow breath. There were tall stalks, black and thin, with frail limbs reaching out for life, and stones as old as the earth itself, sleeping only because it was better than staying awake. And there was crisp soil, blackened like the ash on a funeral pyre. It was the Rotwood, rank and reeking. 
And there, like a monolith on an open plain, was the body of Melgals, huddled against a lonely stone. His skin was as pale as the moon should be, were it brave enough to risk the sky. His clothes were torn and bloodied, his beads were scattered on the ground, and his face was worn, as if he had seen things no one should ever see. Just like the sky above, there were no stars in his eyes.
The raven sat by its masters side, guarding his body, as any loyal servant would. But the air was cold, and his hands would be cold, should they be held. But there was only Yavnand that was not why he was there.
There was a slight flicker in the mud just a few feet before the body, like a stray star that had failed to find its way back into the heavens. But it was not a star. It was a Beldarian, the Soul Pendant of the Master Magus. And it was calling Yavn, whispering words only his heart could hear.
He stepped forward, crouching, as if he were a lion about to prance upon a deer. But he knew that he was but a scavenger, and the raven was studying him closely. He stalked through the darkness, slow and silent, one eye on the raven and the other on the Beldarian.
It lured him, casting out into the shadow and pulling him in from the sea of curiosity. As it dragged him in inch by inch, there was a warning signal in his mind, but it was faint and quickly smothered by the passion of his heart. And then it was just a blur of light and noise, punctuated by vague images as if from a dream: his hand reaching forth, grazing the soil and then coming to the cold stone of the Beldarian itself, then a wisp of purple smoke within the pendants gem, and then the dullness of a long, slow darkness.

*     *     *

He awoke several hours later in the cold clutches of bewilderment. Blades of light stabbed his eyes, and when at last he adjusted, he knew nothing of the land that surrounded him. He was sitting on a large slab of rock, which looked like a fallen pillar, resting his back against an ageing tree. The branches crept out and felt their way around a large mossy wall, and a great carpet of leaves and starving soil lined the ground. Looking down further, Yavn could see that the leaves gave way like a waterfall to a series of  plummeting steps, which curved around the building. And to his right, through the canopy of leaves and branches, he could see the sun sparkling in the distance, casting the land around in a wonderful yellow glow.
And then he felt itsomething at his chest. For a brief moment he sat in paralysed silence, his breathing heavy. When at last he looked down, he gave a great sigh of relief, though it did not bring the comfort it should. About his neck he wore the Beldarian, the strange enchanted pendant that Melgals wore. He could not remember how he got it or how he got to where he was sitting now. The memory was not there, as if it had been taken and hidden by higher powers. He tried to find it, searching the alleyways of his mind, but all he found was a sadness that was not his own.
Words welled up deep inside and he began to feel a presence within him, yearning to speak. It spoke of Melgals:

I knew this Magus not for long,
But in those moments I knew then
That he deserved a fitting song
For uncrowned kings and sons of Men.

For in this weak world he was strong,
Such strength in one that was in ten.
Perhaps he did not here belong
And in his land sets foot again.

For from a distant land he came,
And in his heart a fire burned
I saw the waning of that flame,
From a distant land now returned.

And there it was, a glimpse of something else, something hidden: a great fire raged beneath the earth, burning all it touched, and there was someone falling into the flame, as if dropped from a plank into a fiery sea. But he was of fire, so he did not burn into ash, but arose like a phoenix, dripping embers. And it was one great baptism of fire as the figure arose from the inferno, looking out and bellowing forth with a voice of earthquakes and thundera voice that was directed to Yavn.

*     *     *

The trail ends here, HerrDon said, shaking his head. But there are other marks, strange marks on the trees. Ive seen them in the Rotwood, though here they are less pronounced. There are scorch marks all across the bark, as if fingers of flame were dragged across them.
Perhaps they will lead us to him? Ifferon ventured.
Perhaps, the prince replied, looking around. But I cant be sure of that. Look! Over here, more marks upon the trunks, and the ground is charred, as if a forest fire raged herebut it did not, for the trees are still alive, if anything in the Rotwood can be called that.
Will we follow this trail? Ifferon asked, wondering if HerrDon was really trying to find the youth at all. He could have been taken this way by ... by some creature of the wood.
HerrDon shook his head. No. At least, I hope not. I would not have much faith for anyone taken in these lands. We have yet to leave Ardn-F, and this place is cursed almost beyond that of Telarym, which is saying something indeed!
But why would he have wandered off like that? Thalla asked, the first words she had spoken since Melgals passing. Concern for Yavn was like a comfort from the grief.
That, HerrDon said, raising his hand, I would like to know. Come! Well follow this trail north. If naught else, it will lead us out of Ardn-F and into the lands of our brothers in Arlin. My heart yearns greatly for a sky more blessed and a soil less forsaken.
And so they ventured on, far from the graveyard of trees into a basin of dry and empty plains, following a trail that had long since burned out. But the flames of hope still flickered in them, if only to stay the darkness of doubt. Ifferon tried not to think, tried to resist the lure of dark thoughts in the evil laneways of the mindbut his efforts were almost as monumental as those of trudging across a barren land with a body barren of the energy to do so. 
It took another hour to reach the borderlands, and from there they could see the giant wall far off to their left, the Wall of Atel-Aher, so named for the last King of Arlin, who succumbed to madness after the death of his only son.
How terrible a sight this is, HerrDon said, to see something so beautiful and formidable as this walland to feel so vulnerable and unprotected by it. It is indeed an evil fate that caused the building of this, separating our two nations and throwing us into hatred and suspicion of each other. What brother was born with a dagger at the throat of his twin?
Ifferon looked at the Wall as they neared it, watching as the dull white rose into the air like a mountain of cloud. But this was no sentinel of the skyit was a fortress wall, a great barrier built to keep the people within Arlin safe, and to keep something out. The Wall spanned for miles, lining the border between Arlin and Boror, but as soon as it reached the realm of Ardn-F it ceased, for as the builders laid the foundation an earthquake struck and tore it apart, and again until wise men came and proclaimed the land accursed. There, even today, lay the ruins of what might have been an even stronger part of the Wall, cracked and broken, and covered with twisted weeds. And so the Tower of Tol-Timl was built nearby, and it was known as the El Anar, the White Watcher, for it was there that the Knights of Issar kept their guard against the evil of Ardn-F. But that too fell into ruin as the weary Knights became distracted from their duty, and the White Watcher became dormant, so that its eyes were dulled into slumber. What great shadow took it then was the realm of tales few bards would tell.
The Wall is battered, Thalla said solemnly, and Ifferon did not think of Atel-Ahers barricade, but of the walls of Thallas heart, which were undoubtedly under strain.
Yes, HerrDon said. Arlin has had its own troubles, no doubt, though Im not  sure if they post guards here any more. This place looks desolate.
I hope it is the same for the enemies of Arlin, Ifferon said.
Let us hope, my friend, let us hope. Things would be much fresher here if there was a recent fight, so take comfort in that.
I cannot take comfort, for always I wonder if the fight is yet to come.
Aye, and it shall come, HerrDon said solemnly, yet with a hint of glee at the thought, but if we are to lose a battle, let us lose it then instead of now. Keep faith in the movement of your legs if it will not dwell in your heart. The prince placed his hand on Ifferons shoulder and smiled. Come, the trail continues still, he said, turning away and glancing at more scorch marks on the ground. But it appears that Yavn may have stopped here too.
The tower rose before them, tall and daunting. It seemed to go endlessly upwards, but when Ifferon strained his eyes he could see that it was ruined at the top where it met the clouds. He recalled the tales that it was struck by lightning, or that it was a pawn that fell from a gods chessboard, breaking as it hit the earth. Its walls sparkled like the Wall of Atel-Aher, undoubtedly made from the same mystical stone that the Alchemists of Arlin kept closely guarded.
I wonder what Yavn is doing now, Thalla said, her eyes set upon the looming Tower, her hands fidgeting with the collar of her robe. I hope hes safe. I hope he hasnt ... I hope hes safe.

*     *     *

A fire roared in Yavns mind, like a lion announcing its dominion there. A streak of red and yellow flashed across his eyes, and for a moment he thought he was blinded, for there was darkness. Then, whether before his very eyes or as some trick within his mind, he saw a single flame, as if it were dancing upon the tip of a candle. This candle was the tower of Tol-Timl, and the flame was something that was more than fire.
I am the spark in my consummation, a voice bellowed, and with it Yavn felt an immense power well up, stronger than flame. This is the link in the chain of my life, the stone of the fool who knows not how to cleave it in two. While it is one, I will be one, and we will be one together. Cleave it asunder and I will be two for a moment, while the cleaving takes its toll. The toll will be as a bell to the daring and a thunder to the waiting. Then I will be undone, and you will know me by my true name in the Hall of the Wise beyond the Gate of Judgement where the Gatekeeper has his watch.
Who are you? Yavn asked, unsure if he had used his physical voice. What play of forces is this?
Celestial chess is not of my making, no. I am a fire that was given a body. Now I am but a fire again. By my will are the waters of your mind parted, as with fire. When you were born, the window of your will was firmly shut, and you were as one pulled by the strings of the gods. Now that certain forces have been set in motion, and the Vials of Wrath unleashed upon Iraldas from he that we call Agon, the Celestials believed not all windows should remain shut. This is the time of your consummation, Yavn Arri, Avatar of Ariavar, for you wear the skin of a stableboy just as a sheep wears its wool. Shake off your blindness and be reborn as a lion in the fire!
Then suddenly blackness swept in again, as if to quench this flame, and a chillness followed, like creeping icy claws. The wind swept up and the frosty fingers brushed against Yavns skin, icicle nails digging deep beneath the surface. The darkness seemed to shimmer in his vision, as if it were not of all one black, but different shades that competed for dominance. Shadows bobbed and danced, like cool waves on a dark and empty ocean. And then the blacks began to pale, as if some new wave had entered. Greys washed past his eyelids, dark at first, but soon they lightened until vague shapes appeared.
And then the fear came. Quick, like one great tsunami, panic swept against the shores of Yavns mind. The heavy silence that had preceded was pressed now by a sharp racing of his thoughtsand of thoughts he knew were not his own.
Heed them not, came the volcanic voice from earlier. They are Spectres and no more. They have no physical form in which to harm you, and have so very little in them of spirit that they are almost non-existent but for the belief in them by Men, who believe in them because they fear them. A shadow can only be present with light. I am that light, Yavn, yes, and while you are in my presence (and so you shall be, for a time to come), they shall have no true power but that which you afford them. Yet pay heed, for the window is now open, so while it is open to me, it is also open to them. Make special care not to let them in!
There was a blinding flash and all was white for a time. Then the light softened until Yavn saw again that he was sitting on the Tower of Tol-Timl, and the evil presence was washed away like shells upon a ravaged shore.

*     *     *

There is something amiss here, HerrDon said, his hand pressed firmly against the handle of his sword. They neared the steps of the tower, dazzled by its luminosity. 
Look, there is a door in the wall over there, Thalla said, pointing to a small wooden door reinforced with metal and chains. It looked as though it would weather a hundred storms and a thousand battering fists, but as they approached they realised that the hinges had become loose, that the seemingly impenetrable door was but a front, a remnant of the days when Tol-Timl really was the great watchtower of the ancient world. HerrDon placed his hand against the door; it creaked loudly and fell suddenly inwards. It collapsed with a monumental thud, sending a spray of dirt and dust upon the onlookers outside. HerrDon coughed and spat, wiping the muck from his face and clothes.
I cant imagine anyone is home, he said, rubbing his sleeve across his mouth. Or that Yavn would have come in here. Although ... a dark hole makes a great resting place for a rat.
Thalla smacked him across the back of the head. This might not be the way he came, but we have to check it anyway. I would hate to leave one nook unsearched and later know it was the very place that we would have found him.
Come then, let us explore this rathole, whether its owners are home or not, HerrDon said.
They ventured forth, walking atop the fallen door, for the entrance was wet from a rain that had fallen the night before. A moss covered the cracked ground, and light shone in from holes and fissures in the walls and ceiling, illuminating the murk below.
Then the fullness of their location was revealed to them, for their eyes adjusted, and they saw a great room of black marble, burnished like the blade of a sickle honed to its sharpest edge. Yet it was not sharp, for most of it had been battered and chipped, and some crumbled at the slightest touch, leaving a dark dust upon the floor, mounting gradually with the slow decay of years.
In the centre of the room there was a stone crypt, which grew out of the ground like a volcano. Its material was like the black of dried lava, but Ifferon knew that it was made from nahilok, a corruption of the white stone the Aelora used in their ancient constructions. Atop the crypt was a stone lid, engraved with many twisting forms like vines. On closer inspection there appeared to be text between the motifs, strange and foreign, and there were also odd geometric sigils in all four corners, carved deep like rifts into nothingness.
Around this dark resting place four large statues leaned in. They appeared like kings of old, adorned in rich clothing and armour, but there was something wrong about them, something off. Kings of old, perhaps, but warped and twisted kings. As they tilted in, their shoulders merged, and then the tops of their heads joined, and above the merging of their heads was a single thorny crown.
And so the riddle is answered, HerrDon said.
What do you mean? Thalla quizzed.
This is a Kalakrn, Ifferon said. He knew it the instant he had entered, for his breath had ceased and his heart had slowed its beat, and the statues seemed to look at him, as if they had been awoken to his presence. A Child of Telm had stepped into their domain.
A Shadow Crypt, HerrDon explained. One of the old resting places of the Molokrn. I did not know there was one in Arlin, but evidently the Knights of Issar did, for Tol-Timl was clearly not built to merely guard from the evil of Ardn-F, but the evil of the Shadow Kingdom.
Is this where they sleep? Thalla asked. Ifferon shuddered.
They do not sleep, HerrDon said. Indeed, it is when people sleep that these creatures are at their height, for the depths of a dark night are where shadows lurk the most.
Then what are these places? It looks like some sort of house for them, if ever there was such a thing.
In a sense it is, the prince replied. There are, or at least were, thirteen Kalakrn in Iraldas, dotted around the land, one for each Molokrn. Some rumour that their location is the birthplace of each of these Shadowspirits, but from what Melgals told me of them, they were all torn from the land of Ardn-F.
Why did Melgals not tell me of this?
Im not sure, HerrDon said. Perhaps he thought he was protecting you.
He always thought he was protecting me, she said, but she did not say it to him. Always acting like a shield, parrying lifes blows. Did he not think to protect himself? For therein lies the greatest blow that life has dealtdeath. Then she turned her teary glance upon the prince again and asked: Tell me what he would not.
HerrDon nodded. Melgals believed that Molok the Animator brought the Shadows to life and created for them a vessel at the thirteen locations where the roots of the Tree of Althar touched upon Iraldas, an effort to feed his creations with the life of the Calari. Molok claimed Ardn-F as his own, forcing the Aelora to flee to the north, and he used the residue of their magic to make many evil things. It is said that there might have been more of the Molokrn were it not for Uldarus binding each year to thirteen moons. Olagh forbid the thought!
You would have learned it from Melgals eventually, I am sure. Few know of them, and of those who do fewer still will talk about them, for my father is misguided by the Followers of Olagh. Even I, son of the King, must pray to Olagh, not Telm, lest I stumble in my words before the Trial and end up headless. And that is not to mention the Elad ni, older gods than even the Calari. What little I know of them keeps my mouth firmly shut.
Should we not get moving? Ifferon asked. This may be a place of rest, but certainly not for us. After what happened in Ardn-F, the den of a Molokrn is the last place I want to stay the night.
We are many a league from the Damned Land now, Master Ifferon, and is not the delicate delivery of HerrDon the Greats history of Iraldas not a distraction from darkness?
He is right, HerrDon, Thalla said. We need to get going. Yavn is still out there somewhere, waiting for us.
Back to Yavn again! You seem to have grown obsessed with him of late. Would it not be fitting to find him here? He spoke with the voice of a Spectre not long ago, so should he not have crawled back to the home of a Molokrn? But let us not worry, for there is no danger to us here, unless the stableboy creeps from his cradle in this crypt. This Kalakrn is in ruins, no doubt destroyed before the Tower was first built, and, indeed, the Tower was probably built to ensure that the Molokrn never returned to Arlin.
Come on, HerrDon, Thalla begged, tugging on his arm. I do not like this place at all.
We need not fear, the prince replied. At one time the Molokrn could use these Crypts to transport themselves around Iraldas. They had but to lie within the opening there and close the lid, and they would be at another location within moments, within the blink of the eye of a Calar, as they say. Timeless transportsome dark magic, no doubt, a corruption of Aelors, I expect. But that cannot be accomplished here while the Crypt is in ruins. And Olagh bless that this is so!

*     *     *

They left the dim of the Kalakrn and looked up at the Tower again. It seemed to gleam ever more brightly in contrast with the bleakness of the Crypt, and the spiral staircase seemed daunting to their eyes. They began their ascent, for Thalla urged them to search each and every part of the Tower, for she sensed that Yavn had been there and that a clue might be found to his whereabouts.
The steps were steep and tiring, but they were large enough that all three could climb side by side. Thalla clung to the wall, for the drop was big, but HerrDon strolled near the edge, kicking bits of rock into the vastness below. Often he muttered as they struggled upwards, and Ifferon wondered what arguments were playing out in his troubled mind.
He cant have come this way,  HerrDon said at last.
Why not? Thalla asked. Why would he not come this way?
Its too bright for him. He favours shadow things, the prince said, almost spitting the words. Why do you care for him anyway? What is he to you? What is he to any of us?
He is one of us, Thalla said. That is what he is to me. That is what he is to all of usexcept you. Are you one of us, HerrDon? Please tell me that you are.
You know that I am, he replied, but he glared at her as though he wondered if she was really part of the company either.
Let us just check here, Ifferon said, hoping to ease the tension before it rose to a tumult. There cannot be any more evil here than we have already seen.
HerrDon sighed deeply and nodded slowly. We should be careful, however. Let us recall that this place is cursed. These steps could crumble at any time.
This warning did not stop HerrDon from lingering on the ledge. Ifferon tried not to look, afraid that at any moment HerrDon might slip or jump. Ifferon kept his eyes upon the steps below, which became swiftly carpeted in moss and leaves. The tower ruins mixed with natures debris until finally its white was smothered in green. This made each footfall more unsteady than the one before, until Ifferon began to curse the nearby trees for the shedding of their autumn coats.
Wait, HerrDon said suddenly, his voice but a whisper, as if he feared to wake something. There is some evil here. He paused for a time and turned to the others. Do you feel it?
Yes, it hounds me, Thalla said. But I cannot tell if it is Tol-Timl, the Kalakrn below, or the memory of Ardn-F.
I feel it too, Ifferon said. I can almost hear the clangs and screams of battle fought long ago here, with many victims, many deaths.
Let us hope this Tower has not claimed another, HerrDon said sharply. I knew that stableboy was up to no good, venturing off like an eager child. And who made me his carer?
They climbed further, each step bringing them closer to the heavens and whatever it was they suddenly feared. Their footsteps were hollow, and the land about them sat in a dreadful silence, a kind of quiet that made Ifferon beg for noise, even the mumblings and ramblings of their princely escort. But there was no clash or clamour, nor drip of dew, nor the distant songs of birds. Even the Scroll in his pocket was hushed, though the subtle sounds of unease still whispered in Ifferons heart.
Aha! HerrDon shouted suddenly as they turned a sharp corner on the stairway.
There, sitting with his back against the wall of the Tower, was Yavn, his face drawn and his robes gathered about as if a chill grasped him. His hair was unkempt and tangled, full of moss and stray twigs from the Rotwood, and his eyes were more sombre than Thalla could ever muster, deep pits where strange and recent events were buried. 
Yavn! Thalla cried, running to him and collapsing before him in relief and joy.
Ifferon sighed deeply, for the princes exclamation had stopped his breath. It is good to see you! he managed, forcing a faint smile.
The little rascal was here after all, HerrDon bellowed, like a god atop a mountain throne. He shook his head violently, as if in disbelief, and his hand still clutched the handle of his sword.
Thalla grabbed Yavn and hugged him deeply, and he tried to return the hug, though seemed shocked and shaken. 
Ifferon noticed this. What happened? he asked.
Oh, Yavn stammered. I ... I really dont know.
I know, HerrDon hissed. He got taken over by those Spectres again and decided to lead us to this sorrowful remnant of the older days of Arlin. To the Kalakrn, perhaps.
No, Yavn said, though he stopped there for a moment, as if struggling to remember what happened. No, that wasnt it.
Well? What was? HerrDon barked.
Something odd happened here, Ifferon said.
Are you all right? Thalla asked, holding Yavns hand. Ifferon watched HerrDons cold and steady glare grow colder.
Of course hes all right! the prince spat. Look at him! Alive and well. Ha! Having us worrying and wandering like a bunch of fools, as if we havent anything better to do.
What happened, Yavn? Thalla questioned, her voice soft and tender, speaking to and holding him as a mother would.
I had strange dreams, he replied. Something was calling me in my sleep.
Those Spectres! HerrDon said. I told you, friends.
Be quiet, Ifferon said. Let him finish.
It had a distant voice, Yavn continued. It crackled ... like fire, like a candle, maybe. It called my name three times. Then I woke up, or ... well, I got up while still in the dream, and it felt like I was watching myself. I watched myself walk through the Rotwood.
And you came here? Thalla asked.
Yes. But, well ... yes. I did.
But why? Ifferon quizzed.
I had to collect something. Something important.
Yavn rummaged in his pockets and took out the answer to their questions. He held it up to Ifferon. It was the letter Ifferon had given to Melgals, the one which Teron felt was so vital for him to deliver.
The letter! he cried. How did you get this?
I ... collected it, Yavn said.
How? Where?
Thallas grip on Yavns hand began to loosen, and she did not lean towards him now.
Melgals had it.
I know he had it, Ifferon said. I gave it to ... oh.
You ... you took this from him? Thalla asked, letting go of his hand altogether.
I had to, Yavn said. It wasnt really me. I was watching me do it. It wasnt me!
I knew it! HerrDon snapped. A thief if ever there was oneand Ive met many thieves. Ive dealt with many thieves!
No, I didnt steal it, I swear! The voice brought me here, and I took it because it was important.
You took it because youre a thief!
Was ... is he ...? Thalla tried, but the words would not come.
Yes, Yavn said. I saw his body against the tree.
Thalla broke into tears as soon as she heard the word body, and she turned away from them, cradling her face and catching the tears in the basin of her hands. HerrDon tried to comfort her, but she shook off his embrace, and so he looked back to Yavn with a glower.
He seemed to be guiding me, Yavn said at last. Guiding me back to him to get ... He paused, as if he were hesitant to reveal something. The letter, he said at last, but there was something forced about his voice.
What does it say, Ifferon? HerrDon asked, turning to him.
Ifferon opened it and took a deep breath. 
Dear Mehlalesh, 
It grieves me to bring ill news to you, especially since it has been so long since we last spoke, and we did not part as amiably as I might have liked.  However, the urgency of this matter means I must put our quarrels aside and report a grave turn of events.
Larksong was attacked, and I fear this is but the beginning of similar battles. I was forced to flee the monastery there which was my home for many years, and now I am on my way to Madenahan with Belnavar, and thence to Nahragor with forces to support the raid on the Black Bastion.
During my flight from Larksong I learned of a terrible thing. The Adversarys attack on the beach had a darker aim than merely the conquering of our land. There were rumours that a great sorcerer had allied with the Nahliners and had found a way to summon Agon! I need not speak of how grave such a tiding is, for you are well aware of this. Should the Adversary ever set foot on this good earth, we would all be destroyed. None but Corrias would be able to match his might and vanquish him.
This dark servant is working secretly in Nahragor, in the very fortress which the Garigt now move to lay siege to. I need not speak of how ill that battle will go, as the Garigt are no match for the forces of Nahragor, nor the Molokrn and their dark minions. These are looking for Ifferon. They are looking for him because they know that if he takes that Scroll to Nahragor, where the Summoner is making his move, the cleric can end the Call of Agon, can stop his summons from being fulfilled. I know not the means he must use to stop the Summoner, but undoubtedly there is a power of Telm still at hand.
I leave this for your wise counsel to decide upon.
Your ever faithful Brother in the Light,
Teron.
Ifferon sighed deeply. The others looked at him with grim faces. Even Thallas tears now ceased.
What evil tidings, HerrDon said, and he almost faltered on the stairs. The Call of Agon, he added, and there was a tremor in the earth, as if the Beast had heard his words and smelled his fear.


IX  JOURNEY THROUGH ALIMSTAL



Did he look peaceful? Thalla asked as they left the Tower of Tol-Timl behind them and headed north-west towards the many towns of Arlin.
Yes, Yavn said, lying. He saw the battered remains of the Master Magus, the crippled body amidst the crippled trees, the fallen beads in the blanket of blood upon the ground around him, and his cold, staring eyes. Those eyes stayed with Yavn, haunting his memorythey were open and starless, reflecting naught but the deep black of the pit of nightfall. It still seemed as if they were staring at him, even now as he attempted to force them out of his mind. Peaceful, he added at last, noticing Thallas intent and pleading gaze, one that almost mirrored that of Melgals.
We must reach Alimstal by nightfall, HerrDon said. We cannot rest another day here, nor under the stars on the plains. If Terons words are true then we must seek out the Garigt and find a way to end the Call of Agon.  
I can eat on the way, Yavn said. If it will quicken our journey.
It will, HerrDon replied. I have most of our things packed already. We have little food, but Im sure Alimstal has something for us to eat.
Or something to eat us, Ifferon suggested. If I have read my tales enough. We should be careful to avoid ambushes from the Shoradoni.
Shoradoni? Yavn asked.
Bull-men, Thalla replied.
Well see, HerrDon said. I think favour sides with us today though, for the trees there are fair and they do not house the same darkness that dwells in the Rotwood. Alimstal is hunting ground, ripe for the spear and the sword, as the Knights of Issar well know, for they sometimes come here to keep the Bull-men tribes down in number. 
Why do they not kill them all? Yavn questioned.
Because they are useful for training, Ifferon said.
Yes, HerrDon said. The Knights-in-Training are brought here to test their skills, for a Shoradon is a mighty enemy, but they are not yet in service to the Adversary, so they are less of a threat to Arlin than ... other forces.
Are they a threat to us? Yavn asked, but neither HerrDon nor Ifferon would answer. Are they?
We shall see, HerrDon said at last.
Let us hope that we do not see, Ifferon said. Whether we are a match for them or not. But it is not merely the Bull-men that I fear in those woods, for Alimstal is the property of the Knights, and they do not take kindly to trespassers.
They shall take kindly to me, HerrDon said. Come! Before night comes hastening.

*     *     *

But night came and fell upon them within an hour, blotting out the remnants of the sun. Night, while dull, was not as dark as it had been in Ardn-F, and the company were glad of this. They were not stalked by shadows or beasts, and the air seemed calm, as if upon a lake that was still and placid. Alimstal Forest loomed ahead in the distance, a dark silhouette on the horizon against the dimming sky. Yet, as they drew closer to it, they could see that it was not dark at all, but bore a roof of golden-green leaves on boughs of brown and grey, amidst a thicket of plump bushes and livened grass that had no doubt seen many a morning rainfall. All was full of vitality and life, and covered in a thick and sparkling dew that looked like honey from the skies. And it was sweet to the taste too, for the company began to bottle it for their journey ahead.
 We shall collect some of this, HerrDon said as he scooped some raindrops from the leaves into his canister. I would rather have water from a lake, but I have not heard of a lake or pool in Alimstal.
What about a river? Yavn asked.
None. The nearest river would be the Offspring that leads to Loch Mariar in the east, but that is far off and I would not dare drink from a river in Arlin. Or a lake for that matter, for the Knights hold true to a belief that there is a Lady here, fair and beautiful, a Lady of the Lake. Issar they call her, and she dwells somewhere here. Well, it is said that the actual lake is Loch Nirign, but many have been lost in waters unsafe to drink from.
Then how do the people of Arlin drink when it does not rain? Yavn asked.
Well, they have the Knights, of course, who pray to her and get her blessing to take what they need, but no more than that.
And cant we do that? Yavn inquired.
We are no Knights, HerrDon said solemnly. We have not her blessing yet. 
A cool breeze rushed by, passing through the trees and then on into the distance, light and fresh. The trees rejoiced in its presence. The company passed beneath the golden boughs, slowly at first, climbing over a large fallen tree that seemed still alive and smiling. There was a calm and gentle thrum of gleeful noises in the wood, from the creaking lumber of the trees and the crackle of the grass beneath them, to the hooting of an owl which seemed to follow them with cautious curiosity. There was no sense of threat or malice anywhere, but HerrDon remained wary and kept their steps light and their voices low.
We dont want to wake anything, he said after a time of careful glances to and fro. Alimstal is full of life, but we well know that not all life is pleasant.
So was it that they forged new roads into the forest, entering its golden glade with weary footfalls and wary eyes. Roots grew like mountains, or perhaps long creeping fingers of gods who had been buried in the earth, forgotten, yet steadily unearthing themselves to the wanderers who passed by. Every so often it seemed that one root would wrap about one of their legs and trip them or pull them back, and there was a sense of mischief and trickery in the air, as if small animals and birds were watching and plotting little tricks and traps of their own.
I think we should rest here, Ifferon said as they entered an area that felt less watched, for there were fewer trees there, and there was an opening in the canopy above to the darkening sky. The moon was not abroad, though Ifferon could almost feel it through the clouds, and it comforted him as it always did, like the gentle rainfall which had graced the wood the night before.
HerrDon set his backpack down by a large upturned rock. Looks like as good a place as any to spend the night. We will be setting out early on the morrow, however, as I am still a little wary of being ambushed by Bull-men in this forest and would be glad to near a town.
Nature has never been his thing, Thalla said.
Oh, I love nature, Yavn said, beaming. Its very inspiring.
Ha, boy! HerrDon bellowed. Nature isnt just birds chirping and trees swaying; nature can be cold and cruel. It can crush bones, cleave off limbs, wash away bodies, and topple towers that have withheld siege. It can inspire madness and despair as much as love and beauty.
I know, HerrDon. You dont have to tell me.
Lets just rest and get on with our journey, shall we? HerrDon said gruffly.
Shall I take first watch? Thalla asked. Id like some time alone to think.
Of course, HerrDon said. I could do with some sleep.

*     *     *

And so they ate a slack supper with minimal talk, for they were all still engrossed in the comfort the forest seemed to radiate. Sleep beckoned swiftly and they tucked in beneath their cloaks and blankets. Thalla huddled by a large rock at the edge of the clearing, gazing at the stars. 
Ifferons dreams were fair that night, for he dreamed of a woman he had not seen for a long time, one whom he yearned to see again. He smiled in his sleep as they reunited in the world of dream.
Ifferon! came a voice like a knife in his ear. He awoke suddenly and sat up, finding Thalla crouching beside him.
Oh, is it my watch already? he asked. I was having such a lovely dream.
No, its not time yet, but ... I wanted to talk to you about something.
Oh? What is it? he grumbled as he shook the sleep from him.
I am feeling a little troubled. Well, more than usual.
Is it about ... you know, him.
Oh, so you know? Thalla said, and she seemed relieved not to have to spell it out.
I was there when it happened! I saw Melgals as he fell.
Oh, she said, pausing. No, it is not about him.
There is someone else?
You could say that.
Who is it?
Yavn.
Yavn? What about him?
Have you not noticed? He seems to look at me a lot, in odd ways, and tries to talk to me, but then backs away as though embarrassed.
Ah, Ifferon said. Well, yes, I have noticed that. But, you know, he is young. It is half-expected, is it not?
No, Ifferon, no, it is not. And I find it a little unsettlingif also somewhat endearing.
So you think he likes you?
Well ... yes. 
Do you like him?
She averted her eyes, as if ashamed. I ... I do not know. But that does not matter, Ifferon. You know that I am with HerrDon. That kind of thing is more than frowned upon. Sure he is but a boy!
Well, barely come of age, yes, but he does have some older spirit in him.
That is what I worry about sometimes.
His older spirit?
The spirits in him. Well, the ones who talk through him. Melgals used to tell me tales about people like thatportals, he called them. They allow forces, both good and bad, to enter them in spirit and manipulate their body. It takes great skill to master it, and I do not think Yavn is anywhere near that stage. I am worried for him.
As am I, Ifferon said, looking towards the poet who was curled up by a tree like a sleeping child.
But the thing is, Thalla continued. I feel as though I should not be this worried about him. I barely know him, and yet I feel a connection to him that I cannot fully describe.
Do you think it is love?
No, I cannot say. It has been too little a time to tell, and I dare not rush to conclusions, least of all while still betrothed to HerrDon. Oh, he would kill Yavn if he found out! He does not like him already, that is clear, but this would really drive him over the edge.
I can imagine, Ifferon said. I think it would definitely be wise to keep this to ourselves for now. However, what happens if this is love? Are you considering leaving HerrDon?
Oh, no, I ... well, I have not really thought about it much. It is just such a tricky situation. I have been with him for nearly two years and still love him deeply. But there is something strange about him now, ever since a few months back. You see, he was a mercenary for the last few years, since his father threw him out of his Court. All the Royal Guards refused to hire him, until Teron sent word about a possible attack on Larksong, that is, so he was forced to be a sword-for-hire to make ends meet.
And you think this has gotten to him?
Well, not inherently, but yessomething about it is eating away at him. It was around three months ago when he was last hired, and he acted so strangely afterwards, so ... so guilty. That was when he refused to work as a mercenary again and tried to get back into the Guard, which eventually succeeded just in time for that attack. To be honest, I think Melgals intervened to get him back in the forces, because he called a meeting with the King not long beforehand, and I am sure he managed to convince him to bring HerrDon back. He needs to fight, you seeit is his life and dream; if you take that away from him, he would go insanehe just would not have anything else.
He would have you.
Oh, yes, of course ...
If you stayed with him.
Well, that is the puzzle that plagues my mind. I just do not know any more, and I do not know why I have lost this certainty, because I have never felt conflicted like this before.
In the Olaghris, Ifferon began, reminded of his many days of feigned preaching at the monastery, it says all kinds of things about how a man and woman should stay together always since the day they both join hands, and that none should intervene to tear those two apart. As a Cleric of Olagh, I am expected to say shame on you, but do you really think I will, or should?
Should, perhaps ...
No, it is not my place to make judgements like that. Love is the only thing that matters here, for it is the only thing that can unite the divided, and if the love between you and HerrDon is fading, then who am I to try to fan that flame?
He has grown distant, Thalla said, her voice more solemn now. Not that he was always very close. Swords and battle are his first love. But I respect that. I can deal with that. He just does not seem to want to let me in.
Yes, I got that impression myself.
Whereas Yavn ...
Yavn will let anyone in, Ifferon said, smiling. Thalla smiled too, though weakly.
Do you have someone you love, Ifferon? Oh, I am sorry, how silly of meyou are a cleric!
No, I do. I was not always a cleric, after all. I joined the Order of Olagh roughly a decade ago, but before that I was quite an adventurer. I roamed Arlin and Boror, went up to Caeln to meet the Aelora and study their language, and even ventured into the Caves of Remradi near the Cliff-face of Idor-Rem down in Telarym. I had a companion then, a Garigt woman whom I had spent several years with. We then parted ways after a time. I went to Larksong and joined the Order, while she went back to her people, and we have not seen each other since.
Oh, that is terrible! Thalla said. Have you not tried to find her again?
Well, yes, I tried once, but the Garigt are nomads; if you are not with them when they are travelling, you might not find them at all. It is how they survive in such small numbers compared to the other people of Bororthey roam, and they retreat from areas that have been attacked, and they advance on other areas which bear them better fortune.
And now they are in Telarym, Thalla said, roaming towards ruin at the Gates of Nahragor.
They are strong fighters, Ifferon said.
But are they strong enough to lay siege to that fortress?
I hope, Ifferon said, and he meant it more than many things he said, meant it more than all his prayers at Larksong. I really hope.
Anyhow, I better let you take your watch before the night is over. Thank you, IfferonI really needed someone to talk to about these things.

*     *     *

And so Thalla went to sleep while Ifferon took the next watch, followed by Yavn and then HerrDon, who woke them all at the rising of the sun, which fell upon them like an ocean of yellow warmth. 
The day is fair, he said.
My sleep was fairer, Yavn said, wiping his eyes and squinting against the sunlight which came pouring through the leafy roof above them like a summers rain. The golden-brown leaves sparkled and gleamed, and the forest seemed like one great basin of light.
They set off early that day, after another sparse meal, for their store was running out and they still had long to go. They travelled more swiftly than before, for they had grown accustomed to the ground and the vines and brambles that lay throughout the forest. HerrDon estimated that they should be halfway into the forest by nightfall, if not further still, but Ifferon did not mind this wood, for it seemed that every awkward step seemed to lessen the load of his troubles. 
After a moment of light chat, HerrDon stopped suddenly and raised his hand, as if to swat some invisible fly. The force of tension broke through Ifferons false comforts and made him glance about quickly and sharply, to see if dark shadows were crawling through the trees. But there were none. HerrDon still held his hand aloft, even though the others had long halted. He sniffed the air, as if he could sense something in that smell that the others could not.
Bull-men, he whispered after some time. Theyve passed through here and are not far off.
There was a sound of crackling leaves and heavy footfalls to the north, up a small mound that was circled by tall alders and wide oaks. And then a terrible stench drifted down to invade their nostrils.
Come! HerrDon said, starting up the hill. Though let us be very quiet so that they are not alerted to us.
They climbed up the mound, treading softly but quickly, and they peered over the top through the thicket of trees to a small encampment, where a group of Shoradoni, half bull and half man, stood snarling and shouting.
Ifferon heard their voices plainly, talking in an ugly dialect of the Common Tongue, rough and coarse, as if they could split skulls by merely speaking. One of them shouted, a taller one with larger horns and a large metal ring hanging from his nose. He held a huge axe at his left side as if he were to chop the head off one of his own, and he carried two large marked stones in his right hand, toying with them, as if it were some oracle he was consulting. 
We found a group of horse-lovers on the march, one of the Bull-men growled.
They stink of Issar-waters, another said. Speed is on their heels.
They think they can hunt us? the leader shouted. Let us show them who the real hunters are. Bring me their heads! He snorted and steam came from his nostrils, as if inside he was burning with the fires of bloodlust and rage.
Theyre much stronger than men, HerrDon whispered. We wont be able to take them all on like this. Their hide is thick and their strength is only heightened by the smell of fresh blood. We must be careful.
Two of the smaller Bull-men grinned, their mouths showing years of flesh eating, their teeth sharp and bloodied, their tongues dark and long. 
And then Ifferon heard a crack behind him. He turned and saw Yavn there, his face bearing the mark of fake innocence. He had stepped on a branch, and as Ifferon turned again towards the clan, he saw their glare, their eyes burning, their weapons sharp. 
Kill them! the Shoradon leader snarled. The Bull-men heaved forward on heavy legs with heavy blades in their hands, sneering and scowling.
Run! HerrDon cried, and he was the first to abandon the scene, dragging Thalla along by the arm. Ifferon and Yavn soon followed, quickly matching the pace of the others as the heavy hoof-beats of the Bull-men came crashing down behind them, breaking branches and chiselling away at the companys morale.
Can we not fight them? Yavn asked as they ran.
No! HerrDon shouted.
They are too many, Thalla said, and too strong.
We are not knights, the swordsman said. Keep your pace! he added as the heavy, snorting breaths of the Bull-men became louder. Downhill!
They ran and stumbled down a decline in the tree-stumped mound, slipping and tripping over landslides of leaves and branches that tangled about their feet and tried to tug them down. 
Yavn screamed as a Shoradon came down on him and lunged at him with its horns, knocking him back into a nearby tree. It growled in the glory of its bloodlust, lifting its chest and shaking its head violently to the sky in some display of triumph. Then it charged forward again towards the recoiling Yavn, pounding down to pummel him into the bark, and brandishing its axe to finish him off. 
But a lance came striking forth, driving deep into the Bull-man and pushing it aside. This was followed by an armoured knight on horseback, who charged up and, with one swift arc of his sword, cleaved the head off the beast. 
For Issar! he shouted, waving his sword in the air, and there was a great sound of half a dozen knights charging into the fray, rallying to the cries of Issar! and Corrias! They rode down the Bull-men, crushing them beneath the hooves of their horses, spearing them with their lances, or slashing their throats with their swords.
One knight rode up to HerrDon and Thalla, who had stopped at the end of the mound. You two, he said, but was then knocked down by an advancing Shoradon. Thalla quickly loosed an arrow into the creatures hide, drawing its attention away from the wounded knight, and HerrDon raced forward with his two swords flaying as Thalla released another arrow, slowing the beasts advance on the prince. Just as the great horns of the Shoradon neared HerrDon, the swordsman slashed at the beast with one sword, turning quickly and rolling around its body, and then driving his other sword into its back. It roared and thrashed madly, trying to hit HerrDon with its axe, but a third and fourth arrow pierced its skin, jolting its strikes. HerrDon then drew both his swords back and drove them into the creatures neck. It choked and stumbled forwards, dropping its axe and collapsing upon it as it hit the ground.
The stray Bull-men were slain or chased away, and Ifferon lifted Yavn up by the hand and brought him to the others. They gathered around the leading knight, who wore silver plate armour and a cloak of velvet blue. He rode up to them and shook his head.
Archery is a cowardly way of battle, he chastised, looking at Thalla sharply before turning around and circling them on his horse. The sword is the way and always has been. The other knights murmured in agreement and then bowed, as if in prayer.
Who are you? HerrDon asked.
Who I am matters not, the knight said. Who are you?
I am HerrDon the Great, Prince of
Yes, yes, I know you, the knight interrupted. He stopped his horse and climbed down with a clang. He sheathed his sword and took off his plumed helmet, revealing a tight white haircut and beard, and careful blue eyes bearing solemn wisdom.
HerrDons mouth dropped, and he gulped before speaking. Trueblade, he said.
Yes, yes, the knight said quickly. Dlin Trueblade is my knightly name, appointed to me in the name of the Lady Issar, though Dlin DeMarius is the name which Arlin, our Motherland, has given me. I am the Seventy-seventh Keeper of the Lake, and newly-appointed Lord of Ciligarad near Loch Nirign, where lies our good Lady, fair and bright. He then looked from HerrDon, who remained in stunned silence, to the others. Now, tell me, HerrDonwho are your wandering companions?
Oh, HerrDon said, regaining his wits. This
Yavn Arri is my name, Yavn said, stepping forward and extending his hand. Im a poet and newly-minted adventurer.
Dlin did not shake his hand, but stared at the youth for a moment. Yavn retracted his hand and stepped back, embarrassed. 
You were the one who was injured, the knight said. How is your wound?
Oh, just some bruises. Ill be fine.
Hmm, good. But you look like a cleric to me, the knight said with a hint of contempt. A cleric of Olagh, if I know his seal. He turned to Ifferon. And you, he said sharply. Another one! HerrDon, what is your game?
None, good sir, HerrDon replied. I am merely passing through Arlin with my companions. We came from Larksong, which was attacked by ships from the Southfrom Nahlin, Trueblade. I brought these two here through Ardn-F, where we met Melgals and my beloved
Melgals? Dlin quizzed. I have not seen or heard from him in a long time. Arlin has grown weary of magic, knowing well what it does to the short-lived Aelora in the North, and Melgals is a queer sort, one of those Ardnari if I remember well. The last female knight we had in our Order was an Ardnar. Belin was her name, though she met her end in the Dungeons of Ardn-F when she tried to liberate the Damned Lands. I warned her against it, knowing well the evil that dwells there, but she was, Ardnar or not, as stubborn as a Moln, and so she wandered off alone. Some madness beset her ere she made her journey, there is no doubt, but what madness beset you to think of travelling that land?
Melgals is a Magus, HerrDon said. Well ... he was ... Thalla looked away, tears forming quickly in her eyes.
Was? the knight asked. Do not say that ill has become of him!
Aye, it has though, HerrDon replied. And strangely too, for he knew those lands well, and he was well-accustomed to battle and flight. Some strange evil beset us from the outset, and, indeed, it forced us to travel through Ardn-F, and here to Arlin.
Yes, yes, a queer force is abroad, Dlin observed. And, indeed, a queer company is abroad here too, it seems, for it has been some time since we saw a group like yours in Arlin.
Sire, a voice came from behind them. A knight rode up to him and glanced at Ifferon and the others before returning his honoured stare to Trueblade.  Our band has tracked down the nearby Shoradoni camp and laid waste to it. It smokes now, in the name of the Lady Issar and Lord Corrias.
Lamar  Lamon! Good, Brgest, Trueblade said, and he turned and mounted his horse, which neighed and bore him to the edge of the clearing, where HerrDon stood, staring at his idol.
HerrDon walked up to join him, but Trueblade drew his sword quickly and held it before the advancing prince, barring his path.
I will lead, the knight said. You are in Arlin now, and by Arlins rules you shall obey, HerrDon of Boror. He sheathed his sword again and rode on towards his fellow knights. He turned and beckoned. Come, I shall bring you to the closest town for food and rest, for neer do the Knights of Issar let the lost wander and the hungry starve.

*     *     *

They followed, by foot, for there were no other horses, and the current steeds were already carrying enough with the heavy armour of the knights. The company did not complain, however, not even HerrDon, who was silently nursing his battered ego.
After a time, Dlin asked HerrDon to join him at the front of the group, and the prince did not need to hear the command a second time; he trotted up like a loyal horse of his own.
So, HerrDon, the knight said. What is your true business here in Arlin?
As I said before, we are but passing through.
On your way where, I wonder?
Back to Boror, if we can.
It seems a queer game to come from Boror into Arlin only to go back to Boror again. Not even a Dolmor map gives such poor directions. Are you certain there is no other reason, HerrDon?
Well, HerrDon started, his voice low, Melgals felt very strongly about getting us out of Boror.
Even if it meant travelling to Ardn-F?
Yes, very much so. I think he was actually going to lead us into Arlin, and possibly up to Caeln, for he hassorry, hadmany Aelora friends, and through Ardn-F is the fastest route. I doubt he anticipated what followed at all.
How seemingly unwise of him, Dlin said, knowing what those lands are like, and what queer tools of divination he has at his disposal. Some great fear must have moved him to consider such a reckless retreat to our lands.
Well it would have taken at least two weeks to travel the line of the Border where the Wall of Atel-Aher blocks our way. Enemy forces ravage Boror as we speak, so Ardn-F was but one choice of many evils, though the swiftest at that.
You know that truth is a virtue here, Dlin said. And I am loyal to it. But I do not believe you are.
HerrDon was taken aback. He had no words to parry Dlins, so he kept the shield of silence.
The cleric, Dlin continued, the real one, the one with his hair cut to the skull. What is he doing here? I thought I heard you call him by a familiar name, but I thought my ears were deceiving me.
Ah, HerrDon said. I guess our purpose is made clearer.
Not really, but your companions are. Is that really Ifferon? Is that really him?
Yes, thats him all right, HerrDon said. Not quite what I expected from the tales, but with most of the Children of Telm long dead now I guess hes the best weve got.
Better than HerrDon?
Hardly, the prince scoffed. Better at reading from the Olaghris, perhaps. 
The knight tutted and shook his head. 
My apologies, HerrDon said. I keep forgetting what land Im in. Next Ill be uttering spells from a Magus-tome.
You are lucky you walk with me then, Dlin said, and HerrDon did not deny it, for I am more broad of mind than many of my fellows on these things. I met Melgals once here in Arlin. I do not know why he came here, nor what he finds in magic, for even the Aelora can barely tame it. I respect him, but I do not like his art. Yet you speak with great defence for this Magus.
Aye, but I must, Trueblade, for I trusted greatly in his skill, and am not but a little disturbed by his death, which seemed so sudden. My faith in him also comes from faith in my good lady Thalla.
Ah, so this is where that river of magic runs! the knight said. Love is a great temptress and a hindrance to proper sight in darkened times.
Perhaps, HerrDon acknowledged. But I think it offers the light of hope to stay that darkness. Have you not desired love?
Desired, yes, but sought, no. I am a knight, HerrDon. Love, marriage and children are not within my duty, and my duties are many in these dark days. This is partly why you are not a knight, HerrDon, even if you hailed from Arlin, for you do not have the discipline for our world. Do not take that as a dismissal of your character, of course, for I know that you are a knight in your own wayof Boror, that is, and I do not blame you your oddities, knowing well your kin.
I could say the same for Arlin! HerrDon said with a chuckle. After all, we both share the same heritage. I would that both lands were still one now, for we would both be the better for it.
True as my name, Dlin said, growing solemn.

*     *     *

Silence took them then and cradled them in its all-encompassing grasp. They covered many miles at a gentle pace, though the company who were not riding soon grew tired, for the ground was uneven and did not bear their feet kindly, no matter how fair the wood appeared.
We shall rest here for the night, Dlin said, nearing a clearing that Ifferon suspected they had rested in the night before. Dlin dismounted and tied his horse to a nearby tree, and the other knights followed suit. 
What about other Shoradoni? Thalla asked.
Surely you can turn them into toads! the knight said, smiling. You are a Magus after all, are you not? Last I heard, Melgals did not take students.
I do not have a Beldarian yet, she said. I am still an Apprenticeand toads would be a little out of my reach, even then. Ifferon wondered if she felt like turning the knight into one anyway.
What does that mean now that Melgals is gone? Dlin asked. Will you get a new mentor, a new Master Magus? Thalla did not answer, but turned away, so he returned to the original subject. The Bull-men have been rounded up and slaughtered. If any survived long enough to flee, and I doubt any have in this vicinity, then you can rest assured that they will not be bothering us this eve. The Shoradoni know well to fear the Knights of Issar.

*     *     *

They sat in a small cluster away from the main group of knights, who continued to give them troubled stares and anxious glances, as if they felt that their very presence was a threat to them or their country. HerrDon sat close to Thalla, his arm around her, though she still seemed far away. Ifferon sat across with Yavn, whom he saw staring at the woman from time to time.
There was a bout of whispers from the knights and then Trueblade came over with a clang of his armour. It would seem we only have these rations, for we did not expect so many.
You were expecting us? Ifferon asked.
Yes, yes, indeed. Scouts from Mariar spotted you at Tol-Timl a night back, so we stayed here in Alimstal. We suspected you would come here, being the closest to that tower. And lo, here you are! We did not need to be Magi for that prophecy. He paused to hand them each a small cloth bag of food. Ifferon stared at it for a moment; it was brown and plain, and by the feel of it contained little more than dry biscuits. He did not like the look or feel of rations, for they were always a symbol of war. We keep a watch on any who enter our land, Trueblade continued. And Bororians coming through Ardn-F is news enough for us.
I suppose it is, Ifferon acknowledged.
I did not like that tower, HerrDon said. It gave me a strange feeling.
Yes, yes, Tol-Timl is a queer place, Dlin said. The Knights of Issar held it and guarded the land from Ardn-F, back in elder days. It has long been in ruin. Yet something still lingers there that repels the evil of the Damned Lands, some spirit that dwells there still, all eyes and ever watchful. It has meant that few creatures from Ardn-F ever come near Arlin. Likewise with the Shoradoni of Alimstal and even our people, who speak of the Tower-ghost and other such tales.
I think I know why so few dare approach the Tower, HerrDon said. We discovered a Kalakrn beneath its foundations, and Im not entirely sure that chance guided our discovery.
Nay, I do not think so either, Dlin said. But I already know of that Kalakrn, for it was my great-grandfather who led the siege against it, and he was but a newly-minted knight, barely come of age. He was wounded gravely in the battle, and many great men were lost, for a Molokrn had been there the night before, dominating many wandering spirits from Ardn-F and making Spectres and Meddlers of them, which  defended the Crypt with all their force and might. Danisgrid was my great-grandfathers name, and he was the High Ardnar at the time, so he made sure to lay waste to the presence of the Molokrn in Arlin. He ordered the building of Tol-Timl upon the ruins of the Kalakrn, but there was much trouble in the building, for the foundations were cursed. Later in life he attempted to rid the land of the second Kalakrn here at the Geladilok Mines near Loch Bistr, but he died in the siege. It was my grandfather, Celsinin, who finally destroyed the Geladilok Crypt, and so is it that the Knights of Issar have kept Arlin free from this scourge, but the very taint of their ruined temples is enough to keep us ever vigilant.
Valour is in your blood, HerrDon said, with so much wonder in his voice that he seemed almost like Yavn for a moment. It seems that you were fated for greatness, just as I was.
The knight chuckled. You cheer even the most solemn of hearts, HerrDon. Arlin would do well to have you, were it in our reach to knight you.
A kind offer, HerrDon replied, attempting to conceal his widening smile. But I am a knight at heart already.
Without a doubt, Dlin said.
Not everyone in Arlin is glad of our coming, it seems, Thalla commented. Why do your men stare at us? It makes me uncomfortable.
Yes, why do they do that? Yavn asked.
Hmm, why do you stare at them? Dlin quizzed in turn.
We do not, Yavn said with a pout.
Then how do you know they are staring?
I can feel their eyes boring into my skin, Thalla said.
They are men deprived of companionship, HerrDon told her, grabbing her and pulling her close. Who wouldnt stare at you? With that he gave a curious glance at Yavn which unsettled Ifferon. He hoped HerrDon had not overheard Thallas words from the night before.
And what about the rest of us? Yavn asked.
You are a foreign and queer sort, Dlin said. It would be foreign and queer of us not to stare! But forgive my men, for they are merely curious and, daresay, a little anxious, for these are troubled times, and troubled times bring troubled thoughts and anxious glances. I am sure you understand.
They nodded, realising they would also be staring if a band of knights were found wandering the hills of Boror.
Eat up and talk amongst yourselves for a time, Dlin said. I would have my brethren join you, but they are more wary of Bororians than I, being still young in the world. Eat and rest, for we have many a mile yet to travel ere we reach Calnibur.
You are taking us there? HerrDon quizzed. Why not Ciligarad?
Oh, we shall go to my city, do not worry, but Calnibur is much closer, and I would hope that we can acquire more food and horses there for the rest of our journey. The blessings of Corrias and Issar upon you all! Lamon  Lamar!

*     *     *

And so they tucked into a dreamless slumber, bar Ifferon, who dreamed strange and unsettling things. Wisps of grey circled about and formed what appeared to be a window or a portal into some strange world, and he felt as though he was watching some event transpire, as if he were a god upon a throne in the clouds, peering down on the world below, on the people going to and fro, oblivious to the eyes above.
There was a flicker of a jewel which seemed to rise into the air and then fall again upon a dark and sullied ground, and there it lay in shadow until a searching hand came forth and seized it. The jewel glinted and there were starry eyes within it, peering out, or through, as if it were another portal. Then a fire fumed and flowed like lava, as if beneath the surface of the jewel, and it was borne around the neck of the man who had seized it. There was then a deathly cry, shrill upon the air, and then taken by the wind to lands that no living man has seen.
And there was a feeling of waiting, of the passing of days and the slow monotonous beating of the heart fulfilling its course. Night followed day that followed night, and stars expired to form new stars, and the sun died each night to be reborn anew in the morning. All the while a man of fire sat waiting, in limbo and solitude, staring out from his fiery prison. He waited for what the gods had planned.

X  OF KNIGHTS AND LADIES



They were awoken early the next morning by Dlin and his fellow knights, all of whom were fully dressed and, it seemed, full in their bellies and refreshed in their hearts. Ifferon wondered if they always slept with their armour on, as they seemed to have done the night before, but his musings were soon cut off by the strong authority in Dlins voice.
Come, people of Boror, he said. You may eat as you walk, for we have tarried here overlong, and I would have us reach Calnibur ere night falls again. Indeed, we would be resting there now if we were riding, but unless the good Magus Thalla can summon some invisible horses for you, I think walking is the way for now. He saw the sharp look that Thalla gave him and added: I jest, good lady! I jest. Now, come quickly, for the edge of the Forest is near, but Calnibur is many miles across empty land.
They packed quickly and travelled swiftly, snacking as they wentbar the knights, who rode aloft, yet at a gentle pace, and did not eat and seldom spoke, for many of them were newly-minted and were thus vowed to silence and fasting for the first hours of each day. 
This part of the forest seemed less tightly packed with trees and bushes, and the ground was well-trodden to form a path from the knights many travels. It also seemed to slope downwards, which made their journey considerably easier, a fact that was audible from their many contented sighs. 
At one point Dlin rode up beside Ifferon and spoke to him away from the others. Do you always speak queer things in your sleep? he asked. Or any thing at all, for that matter?
Ifferon was perplexed. I do not understand what you mean.
Last night, the knight explained, you spoke some queer things. Mostly mumblings and murmurings, little of which I caught or could comprehend, but I did catch one word. A name, rather.
Oh? What was it?
Melgals.
Silence fell swiftly like the blade of a guillotine, and Ifferon felt a shiver crawl its way up his spine. Are you sure? he managed after some time.
Yes, yes, of course I am. It seemed as though you shouted it amidst your other ramblings.
What else did I say? Did you catch any of it?
No, nothing more than that name, though you rambled quite a bitin foreign tongues, I thought, at one point. Certainly not the Common Tongue, nor Bororian or Old Arlinaic. Queer tongues, if you ask me, but then talking in your sleep is also a queer thing.
Perhaps I was reliving the past events in my dream?
Perhaps, Dlin said, though he seemed doubtful. I do not meddle much with the dream world. A queer place it is, and there are many queer goings-on there. Melgals was also a queer man, if you ask me, so it does not necessarily surprise me that he would be popping up in peoples dreamsyours least of all.
How come everyone here seems to know a bit about me, even things I do not know myself? Ifferon asked.
Ah, do not be so suspicious, friend. Many know less than they pretend, and others know more than they put on, but that matters little, for all hear the rumours that are rampant in this world. And who would not want to hear them? Tales of the bloodline of Telm still running strong are comforting to even the most doubtful of hearts.
But they are just rumours, Ifferon said, knowing well that they were not.
Are they now? Dlin asked, smiling. I do wonder, Ifferon. Anyhow, it matters a lot less than you might think whether the rumours are true or not. Comfort is comfort, and it is a blanket we have done without for many years, so I warrant it will not be abandoned so quickly now, whether there is truth or not in the claim. Yet the truth has a way of finding its voice in the end, whether we will it or not, and I will it with every breath.
But perhaps a part of you does not doubt, Ifferon, because your body must know your blood, even if your mind does not. Otherwise you would not be travelling to Telarym to stop the Call of Agon, for what good are those without the blood of gods in such dark places as Nahragor?
So you know our mission, Ifferon said.
I have asked many questions of you all, Dlin replied, but the answers came from conversations made in whispers. I might wear a helm of metal, but I can still hear well enough, and my men know that those who march into Telarym do so with a purpose. If it is the will of Issar I will know that purpose, and if it is the will of Corrias I will see it done.

*     *     *

They continued on, and it took a long while yet before Dlin remarked that they were near Calnibur, and another few minutes before they could see the walls of the city and then the Many Mountains that stood like stone giants behind.
The city itself was no more than a village of intersecting streets and houses, but with a slanted wall around. Many small houses lined the outside hills, and a few mills and farms could be seen with crops blowing in the gentle wind. Darkness was upon them, and Ifferon could make out little of the city itself that lay within those walls, but as they came close and passed two farmers, who stopped their work to stare, a gate with portcullis and two small, half-made towers loomed up. It seemed to Ifferon that the gateway had just been constructed and the towers were still being made. Indeed, the closer they came, the clearer they could see the wooden scaffolding, along with the small figures of men hammering and lifting bricks and wood.
Calnibur! Dlin said. He removed his helmet and smiled broadly. They are doing well, do you not think? The orders for the towers were just given a week or so ago. But they will need more than splinted pikes and palisades if they are attacked ere long.
With that, Ifferon noticed the small figures upon the parapets, staring out from the slits in the walls. The walls were not that tall, but their slope would allow a fair amount of boiling oil to be poured down, that is if they were meant to be sloped and not a defect from inexperienced builders. The towers were only slightly taller than the walls, but the gate looked strong, and the open portcullis looked sharp and dangerous.
Come, my friends, Dlin called. We sleep well tonight, and warm food for all! He rode forward and the others followed. They passed over a weak wooden panel on the ground, perhaps the old defence door, and then two spear-armed guards stepped forward with a cling of their chainmail.
Halt, one said. Who goes there? They looked at Dlin and bowed slightly. Trueblade? Is that you? Ah, its been long since youve been here! Weve grown to miss your counsel. The barracks needs a good man like you, and the people need you even more. Morale is low, though the construction is going well enough.
Bringrid, my old friend, Dlin said. I have been off in Alimstal again, and here, I bring Bororians back with me.
Bororians? Bringrid asked. That is some find. The other man backed away.
Yes, yes, it is, and an important one by the looks of it. The sole survivors of an attack on Larksong and a journey through the Damned Lands.
Important they are then! You may pass, but dont expect the greatest of welcomes from Celsingrid. Hes much too set in his ways to accept Bororians, no matter their worth. The other man looked at him, and them, harshly.
Dlin nodded and they passed through. Ifferon looked up as they went under the portcullis. The giant iron spikes on the end seemed lethal, though he did not tarry to find out. He watched the small holes in the ceiling further on, where playful children peeped down, and where no doubt a last defence could scald or batter invaders down below.
The inside of the walls was much the same as the outside, except there were more houses, a well near the entrance, and a larger, faded white building at the far end, a miserable attempt at a keep. The villagers inside stopped their work and stared at them for a moment, but when Dlin gave them a stern glance, they returned to their duties.

*     *     *

The company followed Dlin up a long, well-marked path to the great door of the keep. It was guarded by two tall statues, twice the size of men, one on each side of the doorway, standing upon large stone slabs that held a plaque that bore their name. On one was Medgrin the Valiant, and he was tall, with a long beard and deep-set eyes under a great helm, his hand stretched forth, pointing to whatever enemy he then faced, now pointing eternally southwards to where a greater enemy still lingered. The other statue was slightly shorter, Lindisgrid the Brave, a younger man by his appearance, and he bore a shield that was nearly the height of him and a deadly spear in his other mangled hand.
They were Calniburs finest soldiers, Dlin told them. When the newly-built town of Calnibur was attacked by the Hulban Gormolok Clan from the Many Mountains in its heyday, these two men rallied the people and drove the Gormoloks back. They continued to do so for many years until their death. They fought together and died together, and now they stand together in stone eternal, an echo of times we oft forgetwhen Arlin was one and whole under the blanket of the sun and the curtain of the stars. He sighed deeply and slowly. I will not forget those times.
The keep itself was worn, and looked as though it had seen too many years of rain and snow. Its walls were cracked and its roof was weathered, supported by what Ifferon could only deem was pure will alone. The statues looked in better order, he mused, though he felt too uncomfortable to say it. The keep was almost like a converted stable, and may have been when first built, though it was evident that there were no horses in Calnibur now, bar the ones which Dlin and his knights had brought, which the people of the town seemed to look upon unfavourably. On the eastern side of the keep there were many men who were at work building a wall there, though even that looked like a meagre defence.
The wooden door was unguarded until Dlin banged at it, and a nearby man, who was helping with the fortification, stepped up and came to him. He seemed the most unlikely of guards, small in build, with barely more than a piece of worn leather armour for protection. Hello there, he said. You wish to see Celsingrid?
Yes, yes Dlin replied. May we pass?
I must first tell him who you are.
Dlin Trueblade of Ciligarad, and this
Trueblade! the man gasped. Ah, it has been long since we have seen you or your fellow knights here.
The greater good of Arlin called me. I have been preoccupied with training new knights in Alimstal, and fighting small battles in the towns on the outskirts.
Ah yes, weve also been working on our defences, as you can see. It is a dark and trying
May we pass? Dlin repeated, glancing at the man. Arlin still calls me.
Oh, yes, my Lord. I will tell Lord Celsingrid that you are here. One moment. The man disappeared inside the keep, and there the others could hear him muttering, and could hear the veiled replies of Celsingrid, who did not sound pleased.
The villagers intent gazes were unsettling. Some of the workmen had ceased their labour entirely, devoting their full attention to the strangers and their knightly escort. Some whispered about the curse of horses, while others talked of wildmen from the south in hushed voices. Women stood by the doors of their houses, their hands resting on the shoulders of their children, and everywhere in the town a silence hung, as if by a slowly tightening noose.
Im not sure I like it here, HerrDon said at last.
Ive never liked it here, Brgest said.
Ive never seen so many gawking eyes, Yavn whispered, afraid there might be many straining ears as well.
Tis always like this, Brgest said, looking to Dlin.
Yes, yes, Calnibur the Cold Town, some call it, Trueblade told them. My own town of Ciligarad is far warmer a place. The other knights nodded keenly.
Celsingrid is not much of a leader, Brgest stated.
Hardly a leader at all, another knight added, and there was disgust in his voice, as if the very name was a poison to be spit upon the soil.
He will bring ruin to Calnibur, a third said. And ruin is coming quickly.
Yes, yes, my Brothers, Dlin said. Yes, yes, indeed. Though let us not bring such ruin upon ourselves by speaking too much ill of the one we are about to ask for lodging. At least not within shot of his ears, eavesdropper that he is.
The doors opened again and the guard popped his head out. This way, Lord Trueblade. Celsingrid will see you now.
They followed the scrawny figure through the darkness of the main chamber, walking upon a worn carpet and glancing at ugly depictions upon tapestries and paintings. Four pillars held the creaking roof up, and there, before them in a wooden chair inset with silver, was Celsingrid, a tall man, with long brown hair and a thick, tangled beard. His eyes were dark, and he wore a silver pendant and a red cloak. His boots were shining. He wore no smile.
Trueblade! he barked. At last you come before me again, and who with, I wonder?
You know some of them already, Dlin said.
Yes, I do, but do I know their reason for being here, or yours for that matter? Celsingrid replied. Do hurry. I am in no mood to entertain unwelcome guests.
Were here to ask for a place to stay the night. We have journeyed hard from Alimstal and are on our way to Ciligarad, Dlin told him.
The muscles in Celsingrids face tightened. A place to stay the night? Do I look like an innkeeper, Dlin?
Of course not, but I would have thought a fellow Lord of the Land would offer shelter for his kin, Dlin said.
You were wrong, then, Trueblade, Celsingrid sneered. Im afraid all our inns and houses are full.
And your Hall? HerrDon asked, stepping forward. Dlin held his arm out to stop him advancing further.
Celsingrid almost growled. My Hall is just that my Hall! I make it available for no one.
I see that clearly now, Dlin observed. But I expected better of you, Lord Celsingrid.
Expect away, Dlin. I am under no obligation to offer you and your horse-lovers shelter. He paused and glanced sharply at the others. Nor these other unsavoury folk you have brought with you. Why do I sense something amiss with them?
Amiss? There is nothing amiss here but your discourtesy.
No, I think there is, Celsingrid said, his voice thick and menacing. He stood up and stepped down the two steps at the foot of his chair, his footfalls hard and daunting. He walked towards Ifferon and stared into his eyes. Whats a cleric doing in my keep?
He is a former-cleric, Dlin explained. He is important to me.
As an execution before your people in Ciligarad, mayhaps? If I hadnt known better, Id say you were friends with this man.
And what if he was? Ifferon asked, holding back his anger.
I do not think religion is of question here, Dlin said, impatience rising in his voice.
Oh, but it is, Trueblade, Celsingrid said, moving on to Yavn. Another cleric by the looks of him. Do you mock me with your clerics, Trueblade? I thought you were of Corrias.
I am.
Then you seek the wrong company, Celsingrid scolded. He went to HerrDon next and inspected his swords and royal attire. Ah, now, whos this? The infamous HerrDon, dark horse of the Court of Boror? Boror I say! Whats a Bororian prince doing in Arlin, and in my city? Trueblade, I am ashamed to be your kin!
He went finally to Thalla, and after a quick glance at her regalia his eyes flickered even more fiercely than before. A Magus! he shouted. A Magus! You bring a Magus to me? Trueblade, you are a fool to come here with such mockery of my rules. None of true virtue in Arlin permit a Magus to travel with them, and yet a newly appointed Lord brings one before me, a Lord of many years, and you bring also two clerics and the Bororian Kings outcast. Trueblade, be gone with you! I want none of your horse stain in here or in my lands. What would the people say if I were to be caught mixing with the likes?
They would say well with him, Dlin replied. And I would too. Celsingrid, you are wise, I doubt that not, especially since I know you were an Ardnar.
Since I am an Ardnar, Celsingrid corrected. That title has not left me since I took the title Lord.
Arlin is on the brink of darkness! Dlin admonished. Boror is already under attack, and if they fall, we fall too, for who will aid us then?
We need no aid from them, nor do we need aid from anyone else! Calnibur is being fortified, as you can see, unless you are blind, and that is something I wonder of you more and more. No one shall pass these walls if they are unwelcome.
You say that as though an attack would come numbered but a dozen! Dlin said.
A dozen? Celsingrid said, turning to face the knight, his face alight with fury and frustration. Is that all you think we can manage? Is that all you think we can fight? Surely we are not knights, no, Dlin, but our soldiers are not so blind and hapless that they cannot even battle a measly dozen!
Calnibur will fall, Dlin said. It will fall like many towns and cities in Arlin, if we do not band together.
And what? Consort with the likes of these? Magi and Bororians? Our enemy!
They are not our enemy, Dlin said.
Well, they are not our friends, and have not been since the Dark Age.
We can change that, Celsingrid, ere the coming of another Dark Age. I think it is time we did.
No, we cant, and we wont. If I have to, I shall fight hand-to-hand with Agon ere Im caught fighting side-by-side with Bororians. And a Magus! You bring evil here greater than that which you say is in the south. Indeed, are you a northerner or a southerner, Trueblade?
A Northerner, Dlin replied. As you well know. But long have I realised that there is something amiss with our policies. Those in south Arlin have come to realise that the old hatred of Boror is spent, and that the wise move on.
Then move on, Trueblade, if you deem yourself wise! Celsingrid spat, defiling the words with his voice. 
Borders and boundaries are the domain of limited minds, Dlin said. The Shadow knows no boundaries, north or south. Evil does not ask our names ere it turns to slay us.
And Lord Celsingrid of Calnibur does not ask you to stay any longer. Out of here, Trueblade! Youve seen the last of your days in Calnibur. My people wont want you back when they hear of this. And hope for your sake that the people of Ciligarad dont vote you out, Lord!
Come, companions, come, we are unwelcome here, Dlin said. Aid is not offered when aid is needed. So too shall be the fate of this land. I pray that the people may survive long enough to escape. Calnibur will fall, Celsingrid. He paused as they neared the door. Calnibur will fall, and the Knights of Issar wont be here to help you out if you banish me from this land.
We need you not, Trueblade, nor your Knights, Celsingrid snarled, but they left the chambers and closed the door behind them. The guard quickly returned to his work at the side of the building, but rumour and gossip spread more swiftly. Many worried eyes stared after them as they left the city.

*     *     *

Banished? Brgest asked. Surely not! I told you these Bororians were plagued. They bring illness and darkness from their proximity to Telarym.
He did not know they were all of Boror, Dlin said. He is just stubborn and old-fashioned in his outlook. A true northerner, if ever there was one. But he is a fool, despite my call on his wisdom, which did naught to appease him. I can feel the darkness already. It will not be long now. But come, we must find rest elsewhere.
The company passed through the gate. Bringrid stepped forward and bowed. Hmadn Lamon Dlin! My blessings go with you.
And mine with you, Dlin said. Bringrid, if Calnibur is attacked, make sure the people escape. Take them into the mountains. 
But the Gormoloks
They are less of a threat than what we face from Nahlin, Dlin said. We know these mountains better than the hordes of Agon do, so maybe the land itself will be our fortress if our walls are too weak. Keep your eyes keen, and may Corrias and the Lady send good tidings. Hmads d.
Bringrid bowed again and returned to his guard, standing still like a statue. The moon still shone, though it seemed duller now. Dlin suggested that they might find lodging at one of the mills surrounding Calnibur, but many of the farmers scoffed and turned them away. One old woman let them stay, but was mocked by her neighbours, who neighed and called her horse-lover in spiteful tongues.
They collapsed upon stray beds within the mill, and night passed quickly in the contentedness of sleep. They were awoken bright and early the following morning by Dlin, Brgest, and the other knights. The sun had awoken much earlier and had since shaken off the remnants of a sleepy nightfall, for it was beaming down on them through the open windows of the mill in all its glory. Ifferon squinted in the golden sunlight, for even though the cloister of the monastery was open to many a morning sky, he rarely made use of it, fearing there was something sinister watching him behind the shadow of the sun.
The day was kind to them, for the sun kept a steady watch and seemed to lead the way. Soon it was in the west, the direction they were heading. The land was flat and empty, though the Many Mountains stood still to their right, a great wall of grey that reminded Ifferon of their journey through the Cliffhills. These were far more monstrous in size, but Ifferon took comfort in their distance, knowing he would not be crossing them today. After a time the sun began to fade, hiding behind one large peak that seemed to loom out of the range to the west like a solitary fang, piercing the growing dusk.
They came to Ciligarad before nightfall. It stood in stark contrast to the old, feeble structure of Calnibur, for there was a great stone gate, gleaming in the glow of twilight, and when they entered into the city itself they saw many small round houses, larger round stores, and two great round buildings that stood in full majesty at the centre, their domed roofs reaching up into the sky like the bosom of the earth. All the while there was the sound of water nearby, for Ciligarad was on the brink of Loch Nirign, with all of its buildings facing in that direction, so that when morning came, the villagers would see the lake in all its glistening glory before any other sight that day, and likewise at night was it a final sight that brought great comfort after a long day of labour.
I must take the trainees to their camp and then tend to the horses, sire. I bid you all a good evening, Brgest said, bowing slightly. The others knights did likewise.
We will talk soon, Brother, Dlin said. They left the company then, though Dlin remained, for he wanted to show them around his city.
Why are all the buildings round? Yavn asked. I have not seen such a sight in any of the towns Ive been to.
Where have you been, boy? HerrDon jeered. Surely Larksong alone does not count.
The buildings are round, Dlin said, ignoring HerrDons comments, in honour of the lake, which is also round, or close enough. Indeed, that is why our armour bears so many circles. The circle with the large letter I in the middle is our symbol for the Lady Issar, Goddess of the Wave.
What about the tree? Yavn asked. The one on your right shoulder, the one that curls here and there.
That is the Great Tree, Corria, from which Corrias gets his name. Beneath it is my motto in Old Arlinaic: Marius alorod abidedl deDlin bathat is, Truth is found on both sides of the Blade.
A worthy motto, HerrDon said.
So your name means Blade? Yavn inquired.
Yes, Dlin said. Well, The Blade, more rightly. Dl is Blade in Old Arlinaic, but Dlin is The Blade. Dlin DeMarius, The Blade of Truth.
Trueblade, HerrDon observed, and he smiled. A worthy title.
I have not heard so much Arlinaic before, Yavn said, smiling broadly as if words were childrens toys or chocolate treats. It is very strange, yet somewhat familiar; I can see some similarities between it and the Bororian tongue.
It is where Bororian stems from, the knight stated, though neither of them are spoken much these days. Old Arlinaic has gone with Atel-Aher into legends, and into the memory of those few who look past the myths. 
I have a motto myself, HerrDon said, stepping forward and puffing his chest. He brushed a lock of hair from his face with a great gloved hand. Though I do not have my coat of arms with me, for I dont often carry my shield. My motto is: Peresh alorned -brked bw brperesh borHonour is found in greatness and glory. That is Bororian, of course, for I do not know enough of Old Arlinaic to translate accurately. Ifferon knew that if HerrDon did have his shield with the coat of arms with him he would have made them all sit and look at each figure, at each motif and motto, and would have told his lineage and family history there and then, making special care to note from where his greatness stems from.
I dont have a motto yet, Yavn said, frowning. Do you have a motto, Thalla? 
No, not yet, she said, smiling softly. 
Ifferon?
He shook his head.
I know Ifferons motto, HerrDon said, clapping his hands together and laughing heartily. Run while you can! 
Ifferon smiled, though his thoughts were troubled. He felt like a coward for running so much, yet he knew no other way. He was no warrior any more, that he knew. He was not a knight or a swordsman or a prince, and he had no motto that spoke of valour or battle. Was he the son of a god, no matter how far down the line? If gods had fears and doubts, for many said they did not, then perhaps he was, for he was the child of uncertainty, as were all people in Iraldas now, with dark hands knocking at their doors.
I think Ifferons motto is in the making, Dlin said, noting his anxiety. Not yet fully realised, as it were. Soon, my friend. Soon.
I bet it will be something like: courage in a candle flame, Yavn said.
I like that, Thalla said, smiling at him.
I like that too, Ifferon said.
Ah, yes, yesthe single flame that starts a fire, Dlin added.
HerrDon clapped his hands together briefly, and for a moment he looked like an eager child with gleeful eyes. A worthy motto, he said, for a worthy man.

*     *     *

Soon they came to a lake-side chamber in the Academy of Knights which led into Dlins personal abode. It was dim, lit only by three candles and the reflections from the lake, and the wind was unbridled there, for the doors that opened to the lake were both unlatched. The air was cool, yet not cold enough to chill them, and the dullness of the room did not disquiet their minds. The main entrance was on the far side of the two open doors, though there was also another door, now closed, on the left, which led to Dlins quarters. The room was sparse, save a long ornately-adorned chair by the right-hand wall, with a coat of arms above, depicting two lions, one black, one white, on either side of an upright sword, and below this Dlins motto in the ornate script of Old Arlinaic. There was also a small mirror with a slender candle on either side of the left-hand door, and finally a pile of books on old myths and tales from ancient Arlin, all of them thoroughly leafed through.
Do you read in the dark? Thalla asked.
Dark? Dlin quizzed. There is light from the lake here, and it grows stronger at night, when it is needed.
Is it the moons reflection? Yavn wondered. What happens when the moon is not out?
Ah, it is not just the moon that shines here, young Yavn, for the Lady radiates a most blessed and splendid light. Oft do I go out to the Lake and sit and pray to her, and there is more comfort there than any light a candle makes.
Can we meet her? Yavn asked.
HerrDon looked at him sharply. Do not be disrespectful, Yavn. That is too haughty a request to make of our friend. Even the Great do not ask such.
It is fair to ask, Dlin said, but I am afraid I cannot grant the request, for it is not mine to grant. We will indeed come to the Lake later to ask and pray for counsel. Whether we meet her or not, I cannot tell. Indeed, I have met her but once in my lifetime so far, and that was many years ago now, but such meetings last lifetimes, and she has ever been in my thoughts and dreams since.
This room is quite empty, HerrDon noted. Hardly fitting for a Lord of the Land.
Ah, but it is, HerrDon, Dlin said. It is much more fitting than great tapestries and paintings and gold linen and regal rugs. Those things serve naught but as a statement of wealth and power, and they are but statements, for the real power is found inside, through prayer, and the real wealth in contemplation, as our good friend Ifferon undoubtedly knows. Gold rings and lavish curtains would only serve to distract me from my work, so I decreed that my appointment as Lord of Ciligarad would not betray my oathsthus, my room and supplies are the same as all knights, though I requested a room closer to the Lake, my one true luxury.
Indeed, our armour, weapons, and even our horses, are our most prized possessions, though I would have them called gifts, for I have learned that that which you can possess, can possess you. We spend a long time learning to avoid the temptations of the rich and the royal, for it can be easy to walk those roads, and dark they are when fully trod.
One of our Order, indeed one of the two founders, went down that road, and he was dubbed a Black Brother, or a Knight of the Night, for he prayed to the shadow, and darkness was his consort. His name was Nars, and he created the Order with another called Algrid, though it is right to say that the latter was the true founder, for even then Nars expressed the wrong reasons for wanting the Order of the Knights of Issar. His reason was control, and, I dare say, he had a fair bit of that in his time, for he was charismatic, and he appealed to many impressionable folk, including Algrid himself, who was eventually betrayed by Nars. They brought their students together, here at the site of Ciligarad, though it was called Niribur then, after the Lake. And so they formed this Order, though Algrid alone did the work, writing up the charter, decreeing the oaths, even making the plans for the Academy here, and helping in the building of it. Nars was too busy with the Lake itself, for he sat there day and night, to pray, he oft said to Algrid and his kin, though we know now that such was not the case. He was staring in the Lake, at his own reflection, growing ever more enamoured by that which he saw, little knowing, however, that the beauty there was the Lady Issar, not his mirrored self. When the other knights began to pester him to do some work, he grew angry, telling them that he was above them all, that there would be no Order without him, that, indeed, he alone was Lord Knight, Keeper of the Lake and of all Arlin! Algrid did not stand for this, instantly banishing him from the Order and all its lands. Nars was furious, and he broke into the Academy one night and set it on fire, killing two guards in the process, before finally leaving Niribur and taking a boat across the Lake. He was never seen since, though there are many reported sightings of a man hanging over the side of a boat, staring at his reflection in the water, and one such report came with the news that he had fallen overboard and had drowned, or, as some darker tales set it, had been pulled into the depths. 
Thus, we have mirrors in all the rooms, to remind us of who we really are, and they are small and are obscured by a candle, to show us that we are not the vast beauty to be found in the Lake, and that service to the Light is our true mission, our true identity here in Arlin.
If Yavn had looked at his own reflection he would have seen a face filled with awe. That is quite a tale! he said.
Dlin nodded solemnly. Yes, yes, indeed. And one we oft remind ourselves of in the liturgies of our Order. 
I would like to put it into verse someday, if I can. Ifferon could see that the meter and rhymes were already forming in Yavns mind.
That has already been done, though you are welcome to make your own, the knight said. He took a slow, deep breath and began:

Nars was taken by the Lake,
Long before she took him then.
There was a spell he could not break,
A whisper there beyond his ken.
His gaze was fixedhe did not wake
Once he drank his pride, his poison;
What he saw, he could not take,
And so he left this world of Men.
The Lady knew his great mistake
And took Nars into her den.
Nars was taken by the Lake,
Taken each night by her again.

Brgest came in quickly and bowed. Sire, the Lady seems to be moving to the east of the Lake towards the White Land, for her light has passed that way. Many think she has gone to speak with the Aelora there near the border with Caeln, and I think so too, for Wisps of Aelor have been spotted there, flashing like beacons on the shore of the Lake.
If that is so, then I take it that news is abroad, Dlin said, and we would do well to hear it ere the sun rises.
A rain came suddenly from the skies as they spoke, as if some great god was wailing. It pelted down like boulders, turning the ground tender and toiled. The grass became soggy and the wind began to churn, forcing Dlin to close the doors to his sanctuary, which was already soaked on the northern side.
This is one thing you can count on in Arlin, he said, his voice strained by the howling of the wind and rain outside. Rain is as common as grass here. We do not think ill of it, of course, but this sudden torrent gives me a grave feeling, for we know the Lady Issar is on the move. We should be too, I warrant, whether the weather invites us or not.

*     *     *

So they began after a brief meal and a hurried packing of their things. It rained more heavily, the drops plunging on them like rocks, drowning their clothes in mere moments. Rivers of rain ran across the landscape of their faces, down mountainous noses and chasmic mouths. It hung on their eyelids like icicles, stinging and blinding them, and all the while their voices, if ever they had the will to speak, were consumed by the splash and the spray that was about them. 
The land around them was reduced to water-mist and mud, which they constantly fell into, even Dlin himself, who, given his armour, found it difficult to stand up again. A tension set in on them, and only the gentle hum of HerrDon lightened the mood, for they were drenched, and Ifferon on several occasions felt his shoes splodge. Yavn and Thalla fell into a pile of mud together, though their laughter told that they were not angry about it. HerrDon was.
The night grew long and they plodded on through the rain and darkness. The sight of sparkling waters in the dark guided them for a while, and soon they saw a glimmer in the distance, a rippling light upon the surface of Loch Nirign. The intensity of the knights prayers increased the closer they got, and soon they had reached the edge of the shimmering waters. 
There the clouds broke and the moon shone directly upon the lake from above. The rain lightened and the sparkling depths were filled with a white light, pulsating beneath the surface. Dlin bowed low, kneeling upon the wet ground.
C hmadn Lamar Issar! All hail Issar Lochlamar, the Lady of the Lake! he said, his voice high and resonating. Blessed Issar, reveal to me your will. We have travelled long and hard for your counsel. Guide us through the darkness that fills our bodies and our minds.
The other knights knelt on either side of Dlin, and Ifferon knelt behind him, the others following his lead. He heard the knights whisper prayers to themselves: Lochlamar! Ardnlamar! Hmads d! Conds al d! With that, the glimmer of white light grew brighter and ripples formed in the lake, centred at first, until finally the luminance ripped apart the water and a giant woman, fair and bright, poured up from its surface. The glint of white silk and jewels filled their eyes, and their jaws dropped as they witnessed the size and stunning beauty of this glistening goddess.
She was three times the size of man, and Ifferon, who had previously felt tall, was dwarfed by her presence. Her dress, white and sparkling, dripped with water and jewels, opals and diamonds. The ends of each sleeve cascaded downwards until they met with the top of the water in three separate strands, and from her shoulders fell a great water, plunging into the basin at her feet like a waterfall. The dazzling white of her garments, or from whatever spirit that was veiled within them, forced the group to blink until finally they saw her face.
She had no hair, but upon her head, or perhaps from it, came a crown of icy blades, icicles of white and lightest blue. They spread from her head, giant and perilous, until they trickled down the side of her face into smaller sizes. She wore a silver circlet underneath, and sparkling blue light fell upon it and the large crystal jewel it held. Her eyes were a deep and vibrant blue, and so too were her icy lips. Her face was as snow, and her eyebrows were tiny droplets of frozen water. Her ears were in the shape of droplets, and her stare was eager. Two tears fell from her eyes eternally, as if she had long spent crying. She looked upon them with that potent gaze.
Like the parting of the waters and the pressing of the rain, I am come, she bellowed, her voice pounding and resonating, like the voice of many waters, the sound of the sea in its uproar. It was as if it were suddenly rushing up to them in giant waves from afar, strong and ominous. It made them quiver. 
The knights looked upon her for a single moment of rapture and wonder, and then bowed quickly and deeply.
I, she began, her voice containing the countless years of the seas breaking upon the shore, and the gentle trickle of streams, and the unrelenting pound of waterfalls, am Issar, Queen of the Waters and Goddess of the Sea. I rule the rain and the rivers, and I am sovereign in the realm of brook and stream and ice and wave. Who are you to come before my feet like drops from the smallest shores? What is your errand, and whom do you serve, the Darkness of the Beast or the Light of your Lord and Lady, Eldest of Althar?
Hail Lady Issar! I am Dlin DeMarius, knight of your most blessed Order and Lord of the town of Ciligarad which has long been as your footstool, in service to your most sacred light. I come with friends for counsel and blessings, and ever do I bow before your light, blessed Lady, and that of Lord Corrias, fair and just!
Trueblade, she said, as if musing on the name, or looking back through her many centuries in Iraldas to find some memory of him. You were a boy when last I appeared in full form to you, though oft have I graced your dreams and listened to your fervent prayers. Hail to you, fair and just, for you truly are a knight of my Order.
And you, she said, turning to the others, and her turn was like the churning of grave waters against a crusty coast; the erosion of years happened in a moment before their very eyes. I know your journey, for I have seen it from the window at the depths of the sea. There is darkness and there is sorrow, for the veil of shadow has fallen upon you all, and the mauling hands of misery have sought you out. Let not this evil tear you down to Hals, for that is not your fate.
My task for you is not a task, but a word of advice that I bid the wise to follow: go soon and quick, and go to the Urod-Pelar, the Stone of the Wise, which lies to the west of my dwelling here. The Aelora have long guarded it, and for good reason, for it is one of the few ways we Calari have of communing with this forlorn world. It is the Oracle of the Ardnari, for that is where they were chosen, and there, among few other places, can you commune with the heavens, a feat that has been difficult to do since Agon burned the roots of the Great Tree, closing the doors between this world and the Overworld, and forcing powers like mine to wither away in a place that is not our home. Go! Go to the Aelora Stones and seek the Urod-Pelar. It will tell you what you need to know and where you need to travel. 
Now, I bid you well. Farewell to you all, for my days are numbered here like mortals, and I must seek solitude in the bottom of the waters, where my only strand of solace lies. I shall not offer counsel again in this manner unless Iraldas be saved, for I have not the will or strength for it. Seek the Urod-Pelar, Servants of the Light! Seek it in good will. My blessings are with you. You are the hope of all.
She plunged back into the waters, and there was a great splash that blinded them all for a time. When the water faded, there was but a still lake again, bar faint ripples and the shimmering light that dwelt beneath the surface. The knights watched the fading light for some time, silent in awe and prayer. Then a gentle patter of rain filled the air, splashing on the surface of the lake like tears. The last of the light vanished and the clouds took the moon again. The rain grew fierce once more.
Telarym can wait then, Dlin said, his voice soft yet resolute. Fellow knights, this is a mission best left to the few. Arlin cannot be left unguarded. The other knights nodded and turned back the way they had come, though it was clear that some begrudged this lost opportunity to visit the much whispered about Aelora Stones, while others wondered why Dlin would put this new mission ahead of his life-long quest to restore Arlin to its former glory. 
Dlin looked at the others with a hint of excitement in his eyes, as if the meeting with the Lady had made him more like Yavn. To the Urod-Pelar! To the Stone of the Ardnari! he cried. He turned and ran west, around the edge of the shimmering lake. When the clink of his armour had gone and his silhouette could be seen no more, the others followed, and they passed into the whirling shadows of the land, amidst the chaos of the rainfall and the fervent shouts of Dlin DeMarius. 

XI  THE UROD-PELAR



If she is a Calar, why does she dwell in Iraldas? Yavn asked.
Because her Lamp was broken in Althar, Dlin said. Thus she was forced to live here with her spouse Elyr, their days numbered like mortals, albeit still many millennia long. They once dwelt in the Issarelyr Lake in Telarym, where they created the Taar, but Agon drove them out and the Taar are now in servitude to him. We know not what happened to Elyr, the Lochlamon, but it is believed he died in battle with the Beast.
She lost her lover, Thalla said. How horrible! 
No wonder she is so full of sorrow, then! Yavn said. That is a horrid fate!
Yes, yes, indeed, Dlin said, nodding. The loss of a loved one is a harrowing affair, and one that I am glad to say I do not know so close a parting. Arlin is my first love, and to this land I am consort, so I do feel the chill that comes with knowing that what one holds true and fair is withering away before ones very eyes, even as one tries to save it. Without doubt this was something that also consumed the Lady Issar, seeing Telarym and the Taar being taken from her and corrupted to evil purpose. And thus does she see the retelling of those dark days here in the crumbling of Arlin. Alas for us all, my friends. Alas! 

*     *     *

They continued on through the mist and the rain, the sky brooding darkly over them. An icy wind from Caeln was adrift, growing steadily fiercer and colder as they advanced towards the Aeloras land. The chill gnawed deep, like the frozen teeth of winter wolves, and caused a terrible aching pain in them all, slowing their journey.
How long do we have yet to travel? HerrDon asked, pulling his cloak about him to keep out the clawing cold; the wind seized it from him and sent it flailing, battering against the breeze.
It is not far now, Dlin said, pointing ahead of him as if he could see the Urod-Pelar from his current vantage point. Ah, it has been some time since I have set foot in Ellin, the White Land of the Aelora. It is very close.
You said the same thing many a mile back, HerrDon noted, and Im beginning to suspect it of growing legs and running off into Upper Ln to consort with the giants!
Yes, yes. So did I, at first, Dlin said, and he sighed a sigh of lost memories, but I can just about make out its glimmer in the distance. 
Right enough, Ifferon saw a shimmering light far off in the haze, although at times he wondered if it were not a piece of hail lodged in his glazing eyes.
I dont see anything, Yavn said, jogging ahead a little to get a closer look.
How can anyone see anything in this blizzard? Ifferon asked. It seems to be growing thicker as we go.
And the cold, HerrDon added, trying to catch part of his cloak which had again escaped his grip in yet another gust of wind. Dont forget the cold. It wont forget me!
Ive never heard so much complaining from you, Yavn said. And you scolded me when I didnt like the Cliffhills.
Well, it is cold, the prince said. Im complaining for genuine reason. You were just complaining because youre a lazy shepherd boy.
I am not a
A boy? Lazy? Okay, all right, youre a lazy stableboy. My humble apologies as HerrDon the Great, Prince of Boror, for that heinous and rotten mistake of shepherd and stableboy. A sheep and a horse! How foolish of me. Perhaps next time Ill just call you animal-boy to cover all the possibilities.
HerrDon! Thalla scolded, slapping his shoulder with the back of her hand. That is not very nice, HerrDon. Apologise to him.
Another apology? HerrDon snorted. I fear HerrDon the Great has stooped low enough to make one to this child already. However, he added, glancing at Yavn with a sardonic glare, one apology from the Great is worth more than ten from a lesser man.
Ifferon shushed them. They all stopped suddenly. 
What is it? Dlin whispered.
Its probably Yavns sheep baahing, HerrDon said. Horses neighing, even.
No, Ifferon said, straining his hearing. I heard something like footsteps just
Very good, a voice called from around them. As it echoed out and spiralled around, there was a moment when Ifferon felt disorientated, as if his consciousness was following that voice and fading out with it. Then there was a glimmer of light from the darkness just ahead, and a figure, vague at first, stepped forth.
It was short, just half the height of Ifferon and his companions, and it was garbed in a thick brown robe, with a large hood pulled up and over its head. This could not disguise or fully enclose the brilliant light which shone from within that hood, however, and its brilliance made it very clear what manner of creature it was.
Fasimrr! the Aelora said. Health and Happiness! I am Oelinor, Ardnar and High Sentry of Oelinadal, Aelors Candle in Upper Ln. It is very good to see you all here. The Lady has been true to her word, as ever, and as have I, for I promised many a higher power that I would take some time from my duties at Oelinadal to come to the Urod-Pelar to grant some counselamong other things. With the last few words, he looked and smiled at Ifferon; it was a knowing look and a nostalgic smile.
Oelinor, Ifferon said, his voice still weak with the waver of shock. It has been some time.
Too long, Oelinor stated. I have grown many years since our last meeting. Indeed, I was but a boy to you then, not yet come of age.
A wise Aelora boy, Ifferon corrected. But I see you are full-grown now.
And you are past your prime. You have not weathered age as I thought you might. Where is the vigour that flowed forth in your youth?
I still have many years in me, Ifferon said.
As do I, dear Ifferon, and I hope we can spend some of them in each others fair company. But I digress, for there are more urgent matters here than age. We must speak soon and swift of the trials and troubles that face this world, for they shall be faced ere the week is spent, and, alas, it is already spending. You are come to Caeln, the All Land of my people, and have arrived later than I had hoped, so we must be quick to steal back lost time.
But let not haste turn to discourtesy, for first I must introduce you to my companion here. This is Lolin, Oelinor said, gesturing towards a similarly robed figure standing a little behind, one who had gone unnoticed in the storm-shroud that enveloped them. He is also of the Ardnari, though his main duty at this moment is as a Pelari Guard.
Another Ardnar? Blessed Olagh! Yavn cried, his eyes bright with wonder. How many of you are there?
Thirteen, Oelinor said. One for each month of our year, for each moon, for each vowel-rune of the Aerbateros, for each year to pass between each Calling of the Council, and ... He paused, the glow dimming in him. One for each of the Molokrn, Aelor save us, though we do not match their might. 
Yavn pricked his ears ever higher with each sentence shared by Oelinor, and he seemed to Ifferon like a curious pup, with lore as his master. Was it arranged that there would be thirteen Ardnari to defeat the Molokrn? the pup inquired.
No, not at all, Oelinor replied. They cannot be defeated by us at all, but, as Wardens of the Light, our duty is to keep the Warden Watch, to fend off the Molokrn when they attack. You see, the Molokrn are tied to the thirteen moons, for it is only when there is light that there is shadow. Each Molokrn is equal in potency bar the one whose moon is active. This one, driven by the madness that besets some dark creatures at this time, becomes the Lichelord, or the Shadowlord as we sometimes call him.
Our Watch is thus divided per the Stations of the Moon, so those on active duty to fend against the Lichelord and his kin will depend on what moon it is. At the end of each month, when the moon passes to another, so too does the role of Alar Ardnarthat is High Wardenpass to another of our ranks. It takes a full seven days for the transition of one moon to another to be completed, so we have some breathing space to exchange duties then. The Molokrn usually retreat to Nahragor, and Tol-mari for the Lichelord, to rest and regenerate, and, more importantly, to pass the reins of Lichelord onto another.
Does it matter which one is active? Yavn asked.
Oh, yes, very much so. They are as temperamental as the rest of us, though they are crafted otherwise. Their effects change like the effects of the moon, so if we shift from one to another, there could be much differencenot in appearance, overly, for they all look the same, bar the Lichelord, Aelor save us, who seems to grow larger and more frightening than the rest.
I thought they couldnt be seen? Yavn quizzed.
By the average person, yes. Only the Ardnari and the Bearer of the Scroll of Mestalarin are gifted with the kelarsavos, the clearsight, as we call it in the Aelora tongue, or chlarisabn, as it is known in Old Arlinaic. 
What moon is it now, and what is the next one? Ifferon asked, fascinated but disturbed. Yavn was, from the wide-eyed look upon his face, merely fascinated.
We are in the waning of the Wolf Moon, Oelinor said, his voice suddenly old and grim. The next moon is the Dead Moon, or, as some call it, the Blue Moon. It seems as though it does not come often, though it comes as often as the rest, for those who know of its mystery dread it, and so its coming once again is like the declaration of a sudden war. You see, the Lichelord of that moon is the worst, for he is the most violent and cruel, and he has a great power over the earth, for he clung to it when he was created, and some of its potency transferred to him.
What do you mean? Yavn asked. What are these things?
Shadow. Pure and true. Look at the shadows upon the ground, ones that you cast, ones that the hills and mountains cast. It was shadows like these, steeping in the magical energies my elder-kin left in Ardapa, or Ardn-F as you call it, before our great flight to Caeln, that were used to make these beasts. Molok the Animator crafted these vile creatures from the blanket of nightfall, and so Molok woke the magic in the earth of Ardn-F, and he tore the shadows from the ground, screaming and writhing in misery and agony, and he waited each month and moon before creating the next, for he was but a Hadar, a child of the gods, and his creative abilities were limited to the cycles imposed by the Calari, and eventually all thirteen had been malignly formed.
When is the Dead Moon come? Dlin asked.
In less than six days, Oelinor responded, and it was clear that he dreaded revealing such grim news, and dreaded more the truth behind it.
Ah, so they should have retreated to Nahragor by now, Yavn said.
Yes, Oelinor said, which is both good and bad for you. They will not hound you for a time, but the new Lichelord will be worse than any have seen this year, and I would hope you are well on your way before he is unleashed again.
Will you be the Alar Ardnar for him? Yavn asked.
No, that is many months off yet, and I do not ask for it to come swiftly, for while I am eager to fulfil the role as best I can, my people have troubles of our own here in Caeln.
Who will be then? Melgals?
He cannot be, of course, where he is now, for the Calari have whispered of his demise, but more than that, he was the Alar Ardnar for this moon, the Wolf Moon.
Then who will be High Warden?
Geldirana of the Garigt.
Ifferon turned to him in puzzlement. Geldirana?
Yes, she will be the Alar Ardnar of the Dead Moon this year. I do not envy her the task.
How can she be? Ifferon gasped.
Who is she? Yavn asked.
She is the leader of the Garigt, Oelinor said.
But shes not a
Yes, Ifferon, she is. She was elected at the last Calling of the Council, of which I was Head. She has been an Ardnar for ten years. She came back here, after your last visit with her, for she had progressed well as leader of the Garigt, and had, since your mutual parting, come to me on a number of occasions before her election.
But ... why? She never expressed any interest in this kind of thing.
Of course she did not! She also did not express any interest in leading the Garigt, but I feel the Calari expressed much interest in her, and this may also explain why you, with the blood of Telm flowing in your veins, were drawn to her then, all those years ago, for the mortal sons of gods must do as gods would bid them do.
But she is to be the Alar Ardnar! Ifferon said, shaking his head. And with this new Lichelord. I thought they were myths, legends from the elder days. The Spectres I encountered at Larksong were bad enough. How is she to fair against the Lichelord?
Is she not heading to Nahragor with the rest of the Garigt? HerrDon asked. To lay siege to the Black Bastion.
Yes, Oelinor replied. He turned to Ifferon. Have you not wondered at how rash that decision of hers was?
No, Ifferon said. She was always rash.
Ah, yes, but never foolish, Oelinor said. She does not go to Nahragor on a whim. She goes because it is her duty, to fend off the forthcoming attack of the Lichelord of the Dead Moon. She will have not long arrived, I gather, and is preparing for her attack. That is her mindsetattack first, which is exactly what is needed against this Lichelord, but I fear it will not be enough.
What then must we do? Dlin asked. I will stand side by side with her to face this fiend if I must!
That you will, Knight of Issar, Oelinor observed, for you wear your honour and valour over your armour, and there it gleams more brightly. But alas! For we can all stand side by side at the Gates of Nahragor, but that will merely mean that we will all fall side by side. The Molokrn, Aelor save us, are no normal creatures, for how can you stab a shadow in the night?  How can they be slain?
With light, Dlin suggested.
Yes, Oelinor said. But no normal light will do.
There was a deep and sudden rumbling in the depths of Ifferons pocket, and there lay the Scroll of Mestalarin, as if suddenly awoken. 
The Scroll is a powerful weapon, Oelinor explained, and there was a glint of blue light that flickered in his eyes. Long has it been guarded at my home in Oelinadal, sitting on a pedestal beneath the burning fires of the Candletop. It contains the Last Words of the Warrior-god Telm ere he parted this world. He fought and banished Agon to the depths of Hals, losing the sword Daradag in the process, and also his own life. Before he parted he screamed to the shadow: Dehilas baeos! Al-iav im-iavn im-samn im-samadas, dehilas baeos! Begone! By fire and flame and fume and fury, begone! 
There was a sudden darkening in the sky, as if a cloud had passed over, and a low, deep rumbling in the earth beneath them. The air seemed to crackle, as if some ancient energy was borne upon it.
These words travelled from his mouth, Oelinor continued, and his spirit with them, and they were taken by many winds until they came north to us. They would have perhaps blown away into the White Sea entirely, and thus we would have lost them, but Aelor contacted us through the Urod-Pelar, giving us instructions on how we might make a Scroll to bear those words in the Sacred Runes of the Aerbateros.
It is the Light of Lights, Ifferon, though hidden is its lustre. It is the Heirloom of Telm, and thus it is yours, Child of Telm.
Child? Yavn said, turning to Ifferon. What does he mean?
What do you think he means? HerrDon snapped, glaring at him. He is last in the bloodline of Telm, a son of Olagh, if you will.
Yes, Oelinor said. Though not actually last in that bloodline, just last in the direct bloodline, for there have been many marriages to distant families and the blood has become diluted with the foreign blood of weaker Men and hermit Al-Ferian in Alimror.
But how can this be so? Yavn asked. How can Olagh have a mortal child?
Because he slept with mortal women, HerrDon said sharply. Surely you are not so young that you have not heard rumours about his many mortal wives? Ah, you are a sheltered sort, Yavn. He paused and added: Among other things.
Quiet, Oelinor said. I will not have such childish bickering in my company or the company of my kin. He turned to Yavn and Ifferon. Telm, or Olagh as you call him, did indeed take many mortal wives when his Lamp was broken, and so some of them had children that bore his blood. They would not be gods, of course, given only one parent was a Calar, but they would also not be demi-gods, given Telm had been depleted of much of his former power and glory when his Flame was doused.
So what does this all mean? Yavn questioned.
Have you not guessed it, Ifferon? Oelinor asked, looking to the cleric with telling eyes.
I have guessed, Ifferon admitted. But you know I am wary to turn guesswork into truth.
Yes, Ifferon, but I feel this time your guess may be right.
What guess? Yavn asked.
Telm was the Warrior-god, Ifferon said.
The Warrior-king, HerrDon added, nodding.
He banished Agon to the pits of Hals, Ifferon said. But it took all his life force to do so, and so it was his final act in Iraldasthe binding of the Beast.
Yes, Oelinor said. And with the threat of Agon, Aelor save us, rising again, only those who carry his blood stand a chance of doing the same. The legacy of Telm is not yet spent, so while it lives every effort must be made to keep the Beast in his fiery prison. Should he rise from his bonds we will all sink into bondage to him, and we will eternally rue the moment we erred.
He will not rise! Dlin cried. By the Ladys Name, I will go to Hals itself and chain him up if eer he stirs from his slumber.
HerrDon nodded furiously, grasping the handle of his sword as if he were to fight Agon there and then.
I admire your enthusiasm, Oelinor said. But the Beast, Aelor save us, will not be defeated with the brawn of mortals. We need the gifts of gods, weapons that only a Telm-child can wield.
The Scroll? Ifferon asked.
Yes, Oelinor replied. The Last Words of Telm are but an echo of the ancient days when not in the hands of one who can speak them aloud with the authority they deserve. Bring it forth in darkened times and you will find that darkness must hark and heed those blessed words.
But that is not all that you have access to. How have your dreams been, Ifferon? Have you dreamed much? Have you dreamed often? Have you had dreams that are at once odd and strangely familiar?
Yes, Ifferon said, his voice but a whisper now. What does it mean?
The Oracle of the Urod-Pelar is one of the few ways for the Calari to commune with us, and sometimes a voice in it is awoken and I am called to it for much needed counsel. But the Urod-Pelar is not the only way. The halfway house that is the realm of dreams is a meeting place for mortals and gods, though few avail of it. They have been communicating with you, Ifferon, and that is the only medium they can do it at present. The dreams you dream are important, Ifferon. Pay heed to them, for they will tell you more than I can ever tell.
And thus I come to my point at last, for there is a message for you at the Urod-Pelar, written in the veil of dream, and you must read it ere you set out against the shadow. Thus is it my duty to bring you there, and bring you there I shall.

*     *     *

They set out and came to the Urod-Pelar by dusk. There was a pale glimmer in the sky and upon the horizon to the north, where lay the vast domain of the Aelora. The Stone of the Ardnari was five times the height of Man, and thus ten times the height of Oelinor, who walked quickly towards it. Its base was ten feet wide, and it loomed up tall and grey, growing steadily thinner as it went. At the top there seemed to be a thin mist circling, though this could only be seen when eyes were strained, for its colour was of twilight grey and blue, pulsing in and out of the sky around it. On first glance this stone sentinel could be mistaken for a mountain in the distance, for even up close, it seemed to lay so far away, as if the very border of the Urod-Pelar led to a different realm, the magic of the past mingled with the earth of the present.
At the base of this monolith a thicker fog billowed, and when Ifferon and the others had passed through it, following the pale light that glowed from Oelinors robes, they saw that there were five other stones standing guard around the Urod-Pelar. These were smaller, the height of Man, but they were of similar make and appeared to hint of some living force beneath their surface. They leaned slightly inwards towards the Urod-Pelar, as if feeding from its energy, or bowing before its secret power. 
Ard il-Arda! Oelinor said, raising his hands, and it seemed then that the fog fled from him and a pale light shone towards his hands from the standing stone. Mrr, asa siada ab siados! Pelar il-Urodm! Pelar il-Ardnara! The words seemed to echo into the land around, to the very ends of the earth, where they fell off into the black pit of emptiness that was the Void.
Many long years have I lived here by the Lake, Dlin said, and I knew well that the Urod-Pelar of the Aelora lay nearby, across the border of my own landsyet I have never set sight upon it, nor wondered at its strange and mystifying beauty. I can almost hear the echo of the elder days, and this great monolith seems to pierce the pale grey of the present like a hand reaching out from history itself!
Ah, now I am left to ponder long and hard, for if such a strange relic of the gods lies here so openly beside Loch Nirign, why not would the Fair Lady herself venture up here from her prior dwelling in Telarym when days were brighter? Would this be the source of her sustenance here like that of the Taar down south ere the Adversary came across the waters?
Ia Narad il-Issar, Oelinor said, and he appeared to smile, though there was no physical mouth to do so; instead the light in him deepened in tone and tightened in form, and a pale glimmer was in his eyes. This is the Oracle of the Gods, the Vervia as we call it, or Wordway in your tongue. It is one of the few remaining portals to Althar and is infused with the Breath of Oelin, Calar of Magic, whom you call Aelor.
What about Hals? Yavn asked. 
Oelinor turned to him. Hals?
Is it a portal to Hals too?
Na arri laum, Oelinor said, and the light within him dimmed. No, Hals has not been closed off like Althar has, for Agon, Aelor save us, had no reason to close the Gates there, nor, indeed, any true way to do so, bar bringing down the caverns of fire beneath the earthbut even that could not be done, for the stone and fire of Hals is not a physical thing, and only the dead may travel there; for such is the ordinance of those who created these worlds, and they are beings beyond being from a time beyond all time, and we speak little of these, the Elad ni of the Void.
Yet there is a way to Hals still, a way which you all will pass on your journey southward, for in the Morbid Mountains lies a tall summit, the Peak of the Wolf, and there is an entrance there, deep within its feet, which opens into a long tunnel, and many great falls, to the Caverns of Hals itself. Should any manage to journey there while still living, I will come to them personally to bow before them and call them Lord, for these drops are not only deepthey are infinite. As you fall you pass a barrier, and this barrier instantly strips you of all physical life, for while rock feels like rock there, it is not the same rock we have here in Iraldas. It would be some feat to get to these chasms in the first place too, for that mountain is not without its guards. Great beasts from the Underworld, known as Felokar wolves, prowl there, and it is said that there is an even greater wolf at the bottom of that pit, one that is four times the size of an Aelora, with three great heads full of monstrous teeth, and claws as sharp as the scythes of the Gatekeeper himself.
Whos the Gatekeeper? Yavn asked, his eyes bright with intrigue.
That, Oelinor said, I will not tell, bar the rumour that he is one of the last of the Elad ni. The Realm of Death is not my domain, and shall never be, should I fair well in battle. I have heard but whispers and dark tidings about Hals, though eventually all, mortal and immortal alike, must make their way to the Halls there, where eternal rest and blissful sleep await.
Talk of that place makes my skin crawl, HerrDon said, shuddering. Let us talk less and do more.
Dlin nodded. Yes, yes. I am one for long tales by lakeside or fireside, but the feel of this place has me fading into the world of dreams. 
Aye! My head would float away in moments if it were not tied down, HerrDon said. Ifferon did not doubt it.
 A long nights sleep beckons, I say, though I would have us seek counsel ere then, Dlin said, setting his helm down on the ground beside him.
You will seek counsel, Oelinor said, clasping his hands together. But it will come in sleep, for that is how the Urod-Pelar works. This drowsiness that has befallen you is part of its aim, for it lulls you and calls you into the land of distant dreams. Go there soon, people of Arlin and Boror, and on waking you will have counsel that is fitting for each of you. I will say now, however, that not everything that happens there will be readily called to mind on waking, for some messages are best kept silent and secret, until their time is right.
So it seemed that Oelinor talked more slowly, until at last it was but a dull whisper on a wind that wafted in their minds, blowing away all thoughts and anxieties, and hopes and fears. It took them and bore them on the airstream, fading down a current of clouds, padding their mind until they no longer felt their bodies lying against the Stone. Time faltered and froze, and the land about them collapsed into a vastness that defied all reason. A radiant blinding light descended upon them, until all they could see was its ever-present glow.
It was then that Ifferon strayed into a dream.

*     *     *

He was at the Urod-Pelar still, and it was covered in a dense and rolling mist, as it was before the dream had swallowed himbut this mist was different; it rolled and billowed like waves, sinking and rising with the tides of sleep. Ifferon watched closely, though as if from a great distance, through some strange mirror or screen that let one see the far away in the here and now. It brought shivers to him, like the fingers of the wind combing through his hair, trailing down his neck, seizing his spine and forcing him to quiver like an old, weathered tree in the coolest of breezes. There was a faint sound like the rustle of leaves; then the deceptively gentle sound of the sea as a new tide came.
The fog seemed to swell, like water-skins overflowing, and when it trickled out he could see there was a light in the Stone, a dim glimmer that rose to a pinnacle in the sky, mimicking the mist he had seen before. It beamed like a great beacon, staring at and into him, deeper than miners dug, further than dark hands reached.
Then there was a voice like sudden thunder. If I were a distant star, would you strain your eyes to see me?
Ifferon looked upon the stone god with a great fear in his heart; he felt it leaking into his stomach and rising in his throat. Yes, he struggled, his lip trembling as the word seemed to leap from his mouth and fall before the Stone. He felt as though he were sinking into the ground before it, as though its presence was forcing him to collapse in upon himself. He felt infinitely small.
The voice bellowed out again: If I were on a distant shore, would you travel across that sea? The Stone was almost translucent now, and there was a shimmer of rushing waters there.
Yes, Ifferon said, almost unbeknown to himself, for he did not feel in full control of his body or mind.
Then the voice welled up and flowed about him, and there were many voices, like a choir of angels singing, all in haunting harmony. There were many languages spoken, perhaps all the tongues in the whole of Iraldas, and perhaps many beyond its shores. They all seemed to speak one tale, and they all sang with one sombre tone:

I am all the world forgot,
A remnant of neglected skies,
Left to perish, left to rot
Outside the sight of mortal eyes.
Your books no longer keep my name,
My image cast out of your home.
Those few who know me turn in shame
And cross me out of scroll and tome.

I am that which few recall,
A brief and brittle memory
Of glories great before the fall
Of Man from that which crossed the sea
From lands uncharted in your maps.
Our Thrones were smote with darkest fire.
We saw the kingdoms all collapse,
And here we dwell, a muted choir.

Ifferon saw the ship, saw it dock in Telarym, saw that great shadow that flowed from it, infecting all in its wake. A storm clung to the sky and followed the shadow that clung to the ground, and one by one the Taar fell under its growing dominion.
There was a clap of thunder, like a hammer on the Stone. Agon will claw and crawl his way from the pit in which he lies, and he will sail the black ships of Hals back to Iraldas, back to his citadel in Telarym, back to the throne he has made there to rule this land until all is swept away in his hatred, until the pain of the fires within him is duly quenched and he is free of his misery. Only then will this terror which has taken these lands be ended.
He is deluded, for suffering within cannot be ended by causing suffering without. He will not end with Iraldas, for he will find that his pain has only grown, that the end of all life here has not abated the fires of rage within him. He will turn his eyes then to the other lands, which have grown wild under the rule of giants now that the Calari are locked away from this world, bar those few exiles who still wander the lands. He will wage war and slaughter all, and he will stand alone upon a dead soil under a black sky that holds no twinkle of stars, and he will bellow out in agony and solitude. Such are the ways of the ignorant, though we do not harden our hearts against him.
His pain will only end when he dies, Ifferon stated, and he felt many eyes settle their gaze upon him.
Yes. That will not be an easy task now that he has claimed the powers of the Calari. There are few Powers left to oppose him. The eyes seemed to tighten on him; he could see them staring in his mind.
I am no Power, he said. Give me the Blood and Sword and Scroll of Telm and I am still no Power to oppose the Beast.
You have the Blood, the voice said. You have the Scroll.
Weakness and words, that is all they are.
The Blood of Telm is never weak. Such as you would have died long before had not this blood ran through your veins. Words are little powers of their own, and the Last Words of Telm have made that which hunts and plagues the land flee before its hidden light. Not all powers need bear armour and wave flags to announce their arrival. Courage in a candle flame, it added, and the eyes seemed to look right through him, piercing the barriers of his mind and striking the depths of his heart and his soul.
Ifferon shuddered. The slightest wind can blow the candle out.
Or waft it into the greatest fire, the voice said. A candle is hope in darkness. It is a light on the road, and it can pass its fervent flame to others, to awaken the courage that hides within them like other waiting candles.
I am not a leader, Ifferon said. He was not. He knew it like he knew the Meadow Downs near Larksong or the many texts he had hoarded there in the monastery. Thinking back on the ruins of his previous home made him shiver. He dared not think of what new ruins would be made in the wake of his travels.
Will you not follow then? Will you not follow the counsel and the courage of those who have flocked to you like sheep? Do you think all shepherds need force to lead the sheep from the jaws of the wolf? Will you sit and hide and cower under a rock until the world is old and grey? He will never forget you, Ifferon. He will come and lift up each and every stone, and he will come to yours and he will find you there. What then will you do?
I will run.
But he will chase you, and he will catch you.
Ifferon felt tears well up suddenly in his eyes. His throat grew tight and his stomach clamped as though a great fist had seized it. He did not want to run. He did not want to hide. He did not want to be hunted all his life.
You must face him, Ifferon, the voice said. He is not a god, and stealing the powers of the Calari does not make him so. You are not a god, but the child of one. You are not as weak as you believe.
The tears begged to differ. They streamed down his face like a waterfall, catching in the basins of his cheeks, running off the cliff of his chin. He collapsed suddenly, as if he were held up by some will that was not his own, some puppet-master that had let loose the strings. His limbs felt wooden and clumsy as he fell. The sneaking hands of grief seized him and held him and shook him. Tears flowed. Fear became his only follower.
It was not your fault, the voice said at last, now tender and feminine. He thought it was his mothers. You did not kill them, Ifferon.
He shook his head from side to side. His lips trembled, and he cradled his arms to stop the rest of his body from following suit. The ground seemed to be growing colder. The thunder was distant now.
It was not your fault, the voice repeated, harder and firmer. He thought it was his fathers. You did not kill them, Ifferon.
I did, he said, shaking. I did, I did.
Their deaths were at the hands of other men. You were a child, Ifferon. You did not know what death was. Their death was not your fault.
But it was, it was, he murmured. I told the other children I was a Child of Telm, that my father was too. I told them I would tell Telm on them if they did anything wrong on me. Their parents would not let them out again. Some moved away to other parts of Boror. Some watched scornfully from their windows or whispered dark words about my family. I brought doom upon us. They came because I made a stir. We frightened people. No one wanted to know about Telm. There was none but Olagh in their eyes.
They were murdered for other reasons, Ifferon. You will know them before the end, and you will know that a scared boy of six years knew no other way but to blame himself for that which happened to his family from those driven by a dark will of their own. You must shed this guilt.
I have shed many tears, he said. Many tears shown and hidden. But I cannot shed this guilt.
A shadow crept out from behind the Stone, and Ifferon froze, for the memory of the Molokrn came rushing back to him. But it was not one of them. There, standing beside the Stone was the silhouette of a man, tall and imposing. There were no features, no vague details, no intimations of a face or a bodyjust shadow.
This is the man that killed your parents, the thunderous voice told him.
Ifferon shook his head. I cannot see. It is just shadow.
You want to see yourself, the voice explained. You cannot remember who it was, so you think it is easier to blame yourself. This man will forever loom on the edge of your memory. He will plague your dreams and haunt your footsteps as though he were your own shadow, and you will turn to face him and he will be gone, yet ever will his presence linger on.
Why are you telling me this? he asked. Why do you torture me with riddles?
Truth is often torture, yet you are your own noose and hangman. That rope can help you climb out of the pit of despair and self-pity, or it can be your undoing, like a mere knot in the thread of existence. If you let fear and failure rule you, then do not be surprised to find yourself on your knees, for you have made it so. Do not wait for us to say Arise! Call that word to yourself right now, and you will know that sometimes a helping hand can be your own.
He felt himself standing up, as if indeed he was pulled to his feet by his own hand, and yet realised that he had always been standing. He was taller now, yet the Stone rose up before him still. The dark figure stood silent but intent, dark eyes watching him from the pit of blackness that remained. He could not see them, yet he remembered those eyes, remembered their harsh and cold glare, and it was a memory that rose from a vault deep inside himand a memory that shook the very core of his foundations.
And suddenly there was a flash of lightning from the Stone, and it smote the shadow, which broke in two. From the smoke rose two smaller silhouettes, twin shadows against the grey of the Stone. They watched with those same dark eyes, flooding his memory.
When one becomes two, what will you do? the voice asked. You cannot flee any longer, Ifferon. We control all the pieces on the board.
He felt his legs go cold, and then all feeling left them, as if it were a passing breeze. He tried, but he could not walk. He could not run.
One will come, the voice said. It will find you and hark Vengeance! For it is blind. Look! It is blind. Suddenly Ifferon realised that the two figures were looking for him, yet could not see him. They will find, yet will not see. To them awaits great misery, for such is the way we have decried. The cold hand of death awaits those ruled by greed. Their vengeance is doneyours is yet to come!
The two shadows came towards him, reaching out with black fingers. He tried to back away, but could not move. The dark hands grabbed him. 
And he awoke.
	
*     *     *

Oelinor stood beside him, watching him intently. Interesting, he said after a time. I did not take you for one who speaks in his sleep.
Neither did I, Ifferon said, leaning forward and wiping the sleep from his eyes. The mist was less intense now.
I would consider it an unwise thing to do, Oelinor said. Indeed, what if it were not me who stood here over you, waiting for you to awake? What if someone else heard your nightly whispers?
What did I say? Ifferon asked, fearful he had betrayed some secret that even he was not aware of.
I shall not say, but let my warning to be careful suffice. I see a threat that looms on your life, and it is not the already present threat of Agon, Aelor save us, and his host, but something closer. Be careful of your companions. They are mostly young and nave, unaware of the perils of the world, but that is, indeed, where danger often lies.
Then he turned and rejoined the others, who had just now awoken. Come, friends, he said. We will bring you south, as far south as we will go, and that is to the brink of Telarym, which we call Oesarln in our tongue. My people will not travel beyond that point, for death roams and marches there, and other evils that come from ages long since spent. I have two carriages lined up, which will get us there all the swifter. Four can fit in each, so Ifferon, HerrDon, and Dlin will accompany me in the first, while Thalla and Yavn may join Lolin and Mna in the second. We need not worry about drivers, of course, for these carriages are the Llrra of the Aeloraour horses know the way.

*     *     *

And so there was a sudden din, for the carriages roared out from the nearby forest, where no doubt they had stayed the night. Great white horses, slightly larger than those seen in Arlin and Boror, pulled them, and these were adorned with quilts of finely-woven fabric, bearing many spells of speed in the alphabet of the Aerbateros. Thus too were the carriages decorated, with letters of red, yellow and blue, and it seemed to Ifferon that they were wrought of a jewel akin to the beldar gem that Melgals had worn. Perhaps truly that is how they worked, trapping some secret power within just as the Beldarian housed the soul of the Magus.
These are our Ambassador Wains, Oelinor said as he entered the first. Built to fit the larger people of the world. For were you to sit in our normal carriages, you would come out even smaller in height than I!
Yavn and Thalla joined Lolin the Pelari Guard and Mna the Maiden in the second carriage, while Ifferon, HerrDon, and Dlin joined Oelinor in the first. Despite it being larger than what the Aelora would have used among their own folk, they sat squashed together inside. They expected a long and uncomfortable journey.
I would pull down my hood, Oelinor said when he had settled into his seat, but I would blind you, and I fear your sight will be essential for the rest of your journey. Suffice it to say, you can imagine plenty of light.
Ifferon knew that well, for he had seen the Aelora when they were unrobed, though at a reasonably safe distance. The light they emitted depended on their age, mood, and general well-being, but even the oldest and most sickly of them could stun the eyes of any unprepared individual. Ifferon thought it was quite peculiar to see that Oelinor looked a little younger than when he last saw him. He imagined that Oelinor was musing about how old Ifferon had become.
Nineteen, Oelinor said at last, smiling at him. Nineteen years by your calendar, though we would count it twenty times that. 
HerrDons eyes widened, but Ifferon nudged him before he could say anything insulting.
I thought the Aelora live a maximum of ten years? Dlin asked. At least, that is what the Annals of Time in Arlin record.
Yes, Oelinor said. Roughly that. I am an exception, however, for I am an Ardnar, so eternal life is now in my domain.
You will not die? HerrDon asked.
Not by natural means, no, but death can still claim me in battle.
Ah so, Hals may beckon still, HerrDon said. For those of us from Boror, we need no longer lease of life, for we live on through our name and our titles, which tell the world of our many brave and marvellous deeds.
The wonder of eternal life fell upon them, and silence followed, for their awe led them down the many passageways of the mind, where reflection and fascination reigned.
I do worry about Thalla, HerrDon whispered to Ifferon after a time. All alone in that other carriage with the other Aelora.
She is not alone, Ifferon said. She is with
Yes, HerrDon grumbled. She is.

*     *     *

You have an Aelora name, Lolin told Yavn. They had boarded with more comfort, for neither Yavn nor Thalla were as big of build as the knight and prince in the other carriage, and Lolin and Mna took up little space.
I have? the stableboy asked.
Yes. Mna and I have mused about it long since we heard it. It is very unusual. Your parents must have been acquainted with our people.
I really dont know, Yavn replied. I dont remember them.
I am sorry to hear that, Lolin said, the light within him growing fainter.
What does my name mean?
Flame, Mna said, her voice like a childs.
And lion, Lolin added. Iavn means flame in our tongue, for iav is fire and n is small. Thus, small-firea flame. Your familys name, Arri, means lion in our tongue. Thus did Oelinor call you arri laumyoung lion.
A lion in sheeps clothing, Thalla said, smiling.
Yavn returned the smile, but something troubled him. He suddenly remembered the fire that he had seen and experienced at Tol-Timl, and he recalled that the Beldarian of Melgals hung around his neck, pressing into his skinand he became very ill at ease.

*     *     *

The carriages set off swiftly, shaking as they crossed unlevel ground. HerrDon and Dlin were asleep, resting awkwardly against the walls of the carriage. The steady gallop of the horses and the rolling of the iron wheels almost sent Ifferon to join them, but he was suddenly alerted to the steady stare of Oelinor, who looked at him with careful, probing eyes.
At last the Aelora spoke: I have much to tell you, for it has been some time since we have talked in depth. Those years have aged me greatly, I do not deny, but they have aged you more, it seems, yet but ten have passed for you, where many long decades have passed for me in the hurried counting of my kin. Great wisdom has come with those years for me, more than many Aelora will ever know, for they have never tasted the waters of the Spring of Youth, the Elixir of Life. But what wisdom have you gained, dear Ifferon? I do hope you have spent these years wisely, locked away with your manuscripts, for there is much that needs to be done, many decisions to be made.
But before you can fully understand your role in that future, you must understand the past. Thus shall I share this tale with you, a story which may be the making or breaking of the world. What follows are the events of the last Council of the Ardnari.

XII  THE CALLING OF THE COUNCIL



Oelinor stepped forward and raised his hands. The Council members and the special guests all turned to see him. Oelinor was small in height, but he knew that all were looking up to him from their seats, all eyes watching, all minds in still anticipation.
As the Warden of Oelinadal, and therefore Head of this gathering of some of the greatest minds of Iraldas, I hereby declare, in the Blessed Name of the Most High, Oelin Majalir, the Thirteenth Council of the Ardnari duly open.
There was a sound like trumpets, and all turned to see a great number of Aelora horn-blowers surrounding them. If they had counted, which Oelinor suspected they would not, they would have counted one hundred and sixty-nine of them; regardless, they heard one hundred and sixty-nine trumpets resounding into the morning air, waking those few animals that had not duly risen to watch the proceedings.
As some of you will know, this is also the Thirteenth Council since the time of Oelinor Urod, Oelinor the Wise. I am of his line, and I bear his name in honour of him and those before him. This is the ninth year of my life by the calendars of Man and Ferian, and this is a time that some of the less resilient of my kind fear as the decline into death. Yet I do not feel this is to be the end, for something stirs in me, and I call it: Fas ... Life!
There was an applause that would have caused great avalanches or set the mountains marching, and it would have woken those hibernating creatures not yet stirred by the Horns of Caeln. Oelinor waited for their ovation to complete.
Life. Everyone there knew what it meant. He had already been elected as an Ardnar by the Stone. Life flowed in him like never before, for the Elixir was his, his blood akin to that of the gods. He felt it even now, a strange tingling in his limbs, as if a previously blocked circulation of his blood had been set aright.
The clapping and cheering ceased, and Oelinor resumed: I can only say there are blessings to come for those of you who are elected as I have been. However, for those who are not chosen, I would hope they do not lose heart, for with every boon comes a bane, and the bane of the Ardnari is known to all. It is not by chance, I feel, that we all gather here today to elect this Thirteenth Council, for this number has been an omen for us since the Great Dawn, when Light first let flood to our dark world. Thirteen Lights, twelve yet remaining, and thirteen great foes of darkness for us to defeat.
They cannot be defeated, Teron said, moving uneasily on his stone seat. Opposed, challenged, chased or ran from, yes, but they cannot be defeated, and I would have thought that the wise would have known that.
Light always defeats darkness in the end, Teron, Melgals said. Yes, always. The Magus sat tall beside his twin brother, and even now, after so many years, Oelinor had trouble telling them apart. And I would have thought that Teron, wise as he is, would have known that.
Is this the end? Teron asked. There was a brief grin and then his cold, stone face again; yet that sardonic smile continued in his eyes. Can night not dispel day? Can not the clouds block the sun?
Can not day dispel the night, no? Can not the sun pierce those clouds? Melgals replied. Night can hide the day and clouds can hide the sun, yes, they can, but they cannot vanquish it. And who are you to say that there shall not be a cloudless day?
Teron is right, Oelinor said. The Magus turned to him, the beads in his hair clattering together. And so is Melgals, he added. For we cannot readily defeat the Molokrn, Aelor save us, yet ultimately the Wardens of Light shall prevail against the darkness.
Is this what we are reduced to then? Teron asked. Ultimates and eventualities? When are we going to deal with the here and now?
That is the purpose of this meeting, Oelinor said, to address the problems of the here and now, and at this moment that involves the Election of the Ardnari.
Then elect and let us be done with talking trifles, Teron snapped.
It is not my business to elect, Oelinor said. That is the business of the Urod-Pelar. Even as he spoke the name of the Stone, a thunder roared in the sky and a tremor howled in the earth. The light welled up like a beacon, and all who looked upon it were enthralled by its gleam.
It is begun, Geldirana whispered. She sat between Melgals and Celsingrid of Arlin, her long golden hair resting on the back of her seat. Some would call her regal, but there was a certain rustic look about her, as though she were the statue of an old queen from bygone days.
My Watch is the Harvest Moon, Oelinor said. The next Watch to be chosen is the Wolf Moon.
A beam of light shot forth from a ring of concentric circles engraved within the Stone. It seemed that there were symbols in the light, some the Runes of the Aelora, and others from a script more ancient still. The light rotated, or perhaps it was the Stone itself, for the beam shone upon the breast of each member of the Council in turn, probing deep with ethereal fingers, exploring the hearts of the candidates. The beam intensified and dulled on some people, and it passed quickly through many and slowed down for others. Thrice it circled, slowing gradually with each pass, until finally it stopped on Melgals. There was another roll of thunder and then a second beam of light burst vertically up from the top of the Stone, setting the sky alight with its ardent glow.
The second Ardnar is duly elected, Oelinor proclaimed. Fas im Ard Melgalsos Majemar!
The Council members applauded. For most, this was not unexpected, for the Magus was widely tipped to be elected within the first three rounds. All clapped, but some not so loudly, for they were busy with dark whispers to one another, and some with exchanging coin owed for ill-made wagers.
May you live long, Teron said. And may the Wolf Moon, first of the Aelora New Year, prove fortuitous to you.
Thank you kindly, Teron, Melgals replied. I am certain it will.
And next comes the Dead Moon, Oelinor said. For Felokdas, or November in the Common Tongue. There was a murmur of mournful voices, for many were familiar with this most dreaded of times, knowing well that it did not receive its name lightly.
The Blue Moon, Celsingrid said. I pray to be an Ardnar, but not so recklessly that I take the Blue. May it pass unto another!
It may yet, Oelinor said, and with his words the beam burst forth again and rotated thrice before slowing near Celsingrid. He gave a gasp and flinched in his seat, but it slowly pushed on until it settled upon the next to be chosen: Geldirana.
The third Ardnar is duly elected, Oelinor said. Fas im Ard Geldiranaos il-Garigt!
Well deserved, Melgals said, stepping up to shake her hand and pat her shoulder.
I do not envy, Celsingrid said. It is fitting, I feel, that Boror should get the Dead Moon.
And more fitting that Arlin should get none at all if it were but you set forth in candidacy, Geldirana said. But perhaps Garadin or Belin, the Knights of Issar, will do their country the honour that the Lord of Calnibur cannot.
I will, Belin said, should I be chosen.
The gods have already let you away with enough, Celsingrid said. Was it not enough that you sleep your way to knighthood when the sword is reserved for men? Will you crawl into Corrias bed to ensure the Urod-Pelar chooses you also?
Keep silent! Melgals shouted. Lest you defile the names of more Calari with your twisted words. The All-father is all ears, I am certain, and would do wise to look you over when the Urod-Pelar makes its choice.
My apologies on behalf of my Lord, Bringrid, Celsingrids High Guard, said. He was seated between Belin and Celsingrid, though gave no consideration to his chance of election. He has had a tiring journey and does not mean all that he says.
I do, Celsingrid said. And I mean more besides. And then he turned aside to his aide and said: If eer you speak on my behalf again, Bringrid, you will be a Low Guard ere Im through with you.
I wonder, Belin said, if Calnibur the Cold Town gets its name from the frozen heart of the bitter man that leads it.
I wonder if Belin the Harlot gets her name from all the bitter men she leads astray with the enticements of the body, Celsingrid replied, scorn thick in his voice like venom.
I wonder, Melgals said, if the peoples of Iraldas can gather together with civility and stick to the matter at hand. You are well out of line, Celsingrid DeArand.
I would have to be to sit in the company of a sorcerer, Celsingrid spat. Oh, perhaps I should not have said that, for fear of being turned into a toad.
A toad would be too good a fate for you, Melgalorn said, and the difference in his voice to his brothers was clear, for there was a shrillness that made him sound younger than he was. And higher in rank than you currently stand, he added with a glare.
And yet taller in rank than you and your twin, Celsingrid said. At least I do not need a simulacrum to make my wit.
Trueblade did well to refuse to knight your son, Belin said. If he were anything like you, then the Knights would be given a bad name, crueller than the name of your town.
Trueblade did well to avoid you, Celsingrid said. At least he, fool that he is, kept to his oath and kept his blade where it belongs. Can you say the same of all the other knights, Belin? My son did well to get refused, for who would want knighthood if it comes with the taint of your company and the oath-breaking of your companions?
The next moon, Oelinor called, is
The Harlot Moon, Celsingrid interrupted, or the Sorcerers Moon, put there in the sky by the magics of Melgals himself. Why do you even use the tongue of Arlin in your name, sorcerer, when you come from Boror?
We were all Arlin once, Melgals said. Arlinaic is still my tongue.
Mehlalesh should be your name, Teron said. Indeed, it is your true name, is it not? You translated it into Arlinaic when you were already old.
The Snow Moon, Oelinor said, raising his voice and ignoring their quarrel. It is also known as the White Moon. Let the Urod-Pelar make its choice ere we choose more ill words.
And so the beam burst forth once more and made its selection, landing on Lolin the Pelari Guard. The fourth Ardnar is duly elected, Oelinor said. Fas im Ard Lolinos Pelargerad!
Some clapped, but others did not. Two Aelora, Celsingrid observed. Are you sure you do not live too close to the Pelar, Lolin, Pelari Guard?
Tis no more than two Bororians being chosen, Malinel, head of the Ferian Matriarchate in Westhaven, said. It seems the East is strangely fortunate in this affair. What of us in the West? Do we not get a Warden of Light of our own, never mind two?
There are seven yet to be chosen, Oelinor explained. Let the Stone choose at its own pace. And perhaps if we squabble less the results shall come the sooner. 
The next moon is the Stone Moon, the first of Mans New Year. Let the Urod-Pelar make its choice.
It chose Enesvahd, a Drumlord of the Tibin, the stout six-armed people who dwelt in the north-west of Iraldas, keeping to their own affairs; indeed, the small party that attended the Council were only there for the temptation of eternal lifethey had no interest in combating the Molokrn or involving themselves in the affairs of the other races, for whom they blamed the present troubles of the world.
The fifth Ardnar is duly elected, Oelinor said.
You should have had patience, Enesvahd said, laughing loudly and patting his belly with his many hands. Thats the trouble with you Ferianlight-footed and light of mind and will. It takes the endless melodies of the Baha-ma to realise that all good things come in good time. And look, now we have an Ardnar for the West, but none for the Ferian!
Fas im Ard Enesvahdos il-Tibin! Oelinor said. Though let us not gloat, for it makes ill what is good.
Let the Tibin gloat if he wills, Celsingrid said. At least he does so openly and not behind the veil of a sorcerer. I respect such honesty.
And I disrespect such lies as those you spout against me, Melgals said.
You disrespect Iraldas with your defiling of the natural order of things with foul magics.
You insult Aelor with those words, Oelinor scolded. And let me remind you that you are in Aelora land, and the Urod-Pelar is the Aelora Stone.
That is clear to me, yes, Celsingrid said. All the magic-minded get the first voteshow could it not be Ellin? And then he scoffed. Your land is called White Land because of the snow, Oelinor, not because of the purity of your hearts.
Yet you are called the Cold Lord of the Cold Town for precisely that which lies in your heart, Melgals said. And if it were not for the frost, it would be empty and you would die. Is it then, I wonder, the thawing of your heart that leads you to yearn for the Eternal Life of the Ardnari?
You speak of death more than life, Melgals, Teron said. Those who become obsessed with it see it all the more swiftly.
Do not threaten me with wisdom, Teron, no, the Magus replied. You have not a store of it to teach me something new. But come, Teron, who is obsessed more with death, you or I, knowing your feelings on the frailty of your life?
And suddenly an anger which had been festering in Teron sprouted in his face. You know not my feelings! You know not my mind! I am young inside. I am young in mind!
Perhaps he does know your mind, Celsingrid said. A Magus has many probing fingers.
But before the Magus, or anyone else of the twenty-six seated and their attendees and guards, could respond, the Stone lit up again and began its next revolution. The light this time was brighter, and it shone fiercely in the eyes and hearts of those it set upon, silencing them externally and internally.
Finally it stopped, and it chose Elilod of the Taar, Earl of the hidden city of Lylinel. He stood and bowed, and he thanked the Stone and all present in both the Common Tongue and the language of his people. Some present applauded, while others grumbled, for suspicion of the Taar was rife among them.
And so also were the responses to the remaining Elect, for the Stone would not endure their quarrels any longer. More quickly it rotated, and soon it had selected all the remaining Ardnari: Malinel of the Ferian (who rejoiced overly, praising ala for her good fortune); Rathar of the Al-Ferian (who said nothing, but bore a calm and contented smile); the knight Belin (who prayed to Issar); Melgalorn, chosen for Al-Ferian lands where he dwelt (receiving some applause, but much consternation and insult); Hdladam of the Tibin (who gloated in much the same way as Enesvahd); Lalalyr of the Taar (who gave a rousing speech of her intent, with the aid of Elilods Taar Rebels, to rid Telarym of the evil of the Dark Taar); and finally Celsingrid DeArand (who stood up and laughed to the skies, overcome in the mirth of his selection). With this last choice there were many grumbles and complaints, some for the choice of Celsingrid, but most for the lack of the choice of themselves. Thralathar of the Ferian was particularly vocal, while Teron merely said: So the rich and the arrogant get the votes. Thus may they live longer to amass more riches and grow more proud and conceited. He stood up then and left the Council, followed quickly by Menon, his aide.

*     *     *

It was then that Oelinor asked for pardon from those not selected, for he was tasked with leading the Elect to the Pelar Pool where they would remove their gowns of mortality, taking the robes of an immortal and the mantle of an Ardnar. The Pelari Guard led them to the Pool, which shone with the reflection of a full moon. There each of the Elect were disrobed in turn, entering the Pool and receiving three blessings in the Aelora tongue, followed by a sudden strike of lightening to the lake. Then they left the Pool and were robed anew in the cleanest cloth of white, and they were given a symbolic elixir to represent the Elixir of Life, which was, in truth, contained within the Pool, for therein was poured the oil of one of the broken Lamps of the Calari. Thus did they die as mortals, shedding their old lives like the skin of a snake, and thus were they reborn in the light, with new blood in their veins, the blood of the Ardnari.

*     *     *

I feel the Light well up within me, Melgals said. Yes, as though I were a fountain of flesh with light as my blood.
It is difficult to describe, Belin said softly. I do not have a way with words like others here do.
Do not be so modest, Enesvahd bellowed, his voice like the drums he played in the mountains of his people. You are an Ardnar now.
Let us not be deceived by our good fortune, Oelinor told them. For while we have been graced with Fas im Ard, we are neither truly undying nor absent of darkness. And while we have been given the title of Urod, a title neither given nor received lightly, we are not now more wise than we were before the Had il-Fas, that great Elixir of Life, was offered to us. The Pelar has chosen us not so that we might gloat about life eternal and wisdom everlasting, but that we might use the longness of our lives and the deftness of our minds to overcome the great evils of this world. It is not by fortune alone that such greatness of all races have gathered today, for fortune has not been our friend for some time. It is the struggle of the races of Iraldas that has lit us up like a beacon to the Calari. It is the determination of our peoples in the face of great adversity that has given us this one great chance to turn the tides of darkness back unto whence they came. And to this task, which is no easy one, I can only say: Berasos Cera im liberas Ard! Bring forth the Darkness and I shall bring forth the Light!
There was a rally of cheers, where many of the newly elected Ardnari raised their arms into the air in merriment. Mirth was their venture and joy was their vesture. Amidst the tumult of rejoicing people could be heard the drowned words of Melgals, who, in answer to Oelinors speech said: Cae mados Berasir il-Ard. Cae mados Ard il-Caealira.

*     *     *

Their celebrations continued long into the night, and the other attendees joined them, though not without moments of begrudgery. Dancing was done and drinking was had, and music was as frequent as the breathing of air. But soon there was dark talk amongst the people, for when all their energy had been spent in rejoicing this boon, they grew suddenly aware of the bane that came with it. Talk then shifted to Agon and the Molokrn, and many became fearful and penitent of their choice.
May I live long enough not to rue this election, Malinel said, holding tightly the acorn pouch tied to her waist.
Many went their own way then, for there was no mood left for mirth. The Tibin were particularly intent on returning to their home, for they said that the day of Songhigh was approaching, and that was much loftier a celebration to them than the Election of the Ardnari.

*     *     *

Teron and Menon returned to their carriage, speaking openly with one another about what had just transpired.
This is sorcery, Teron growled. Oelinor has that Stone working like a puppet, I know it. Perhaps he feeds it with some strange magics.
I did think it strange that you were not elected, Menon commented, yet he spoke as if from a script, his voice monotonous. I thought it very strange that Oelinor was elected before the Council. Well, so he says. How are we to believe he was?
Exactly my thoughts, Teron said, though secretly he had not thought of that; the shock of not being chosen was still too near. He is Head of the Council. He gets to say whatever he wants, and if he says I am an Ardnar, who will question him?
I will, Menon said.
I did not hear you question him at the Council.
I thought it would be rude to say anything then.
It does not matter, Teron said. Everything is decided. My word and your word mean nothing to this gathering of fools. The election had already been decided long before now. They all know each other. They have all crossed hands before with well-wishes and bags of silver. That Melgals and Melgalorn, especially. They have been up here before, to the Stone, up to Oelinadal too, on many occasions. Oelinors great friends, they are. No wonder they were chosen. The same with that Garigt wench, Geldirana. Golden Woman, ha! The Garigt deal with splintered sticks and half-chipped stones. Gold is not a thing those barbarians know of. And Lolin! A Pelari Guard is elected at the Urod-Pelar? How fitting!
Perhaps this issue needs to be addressed with some higher powers, Menon suggested.
Higher powers? Teron quizzed. Higher powers than Olagh?
Well, surely Olagh did not choose these fools to lead his flock? It was arranged, right?
Olagh does not listen any more. He has long deserted Iraldas.
You cannot mean that, Teron, Menon said.
No, you are right. I do not mean it. It is but the anger talking, so let us then cease and return to Larksong. There are new clerics on their way, and I must be there to receive them. One is of particular note. Ifferon is his name.
The adventurer? The one that slew the Derakar in Remradi?
Precisely the one, Teron replied. Precisely the one.

XIII  THE UMBRA OF THE MOUNTAINS



Thus ends my account of the last Calling of the Council of the Ardnari, Oelinor said, though there are many things that I have not mentioned. There was much discussion, and many quarrels, as you have seen from my tale, but there were more yet, some that I overheard and others that eluded my ears. All went separate ways, travelling back to whichever part of Iraldas they had come from, but while haste was on their heels, rumour and wrath were on many tongues, and that was swifter yet.
Ifferon found the tale intriguing, and he talked long with Oelinor about it, as well as the Ardnari in general, and the task ahead of them in particular. Then they both grew tired of talk and thought. Ifferon rested his head against the carriage wall, and then he dreamed that he was at the Council, that he was sitting in one of the seats between the quarrelling guests, and also frozen in the middle of the Stone itself. When the light shot forth, it shone from his eyes, and he saw into the hearts and minds of all it penetrated.
Then Dlin was there, or he could hear his voice; after a moment of confusion he realised that he was merely dozing, and that he could hear the conversation in the carriage between Dlin and Oelinor. He sat up and rubbed his heavy eyes.
Dlin turned to him and smiled. We are going to the Morbid Mountains, he said.
If you were not a knight, Ifferon replied, I would think you were lying.
Not at all, the knight said, sighing deeply, as though he wished he were. The Aelora will bring us right unto the foot of the Dead Hills and leave us there. From there we trek south-east, until we reach the heartland of Telarym.
What about the Dead? Ifferon asked, and suddenly he found that he was frightfully awake. I have heard enough tales about the haunts of Hals there.
Bah, the Dead shall not trouble us! HerrDon said, staring out the window at the blur of rocks and trees. If eer a bony hand should reach from the ground to grab at you, hack away at it or I shall hack for you! The Dead shall die a second death more terrible than the first at the hands of HerrDon the Great!
Who needs an army when you have the will of a warrior? Dlin said, smiling. But come, I do not think we need worry about the Dead, queer as that land may be.
No, the Dead will not bother you, Oelinor said. He did not smile. Something troubled his thoughts, and this could be seen in the dimness of his eyes. Their lives in death are but rumours. It is wolves you must be wary of. They plague the mountains from the Peak of the Wolf to the western edge.
Just wolves? HerrDon asked with incredulity. You ask HerrDon the Great to be wary of wolves? Surely these Aelora have not heard of me, nor the many great and wonderful things Ive doneand what a crime that is indeed!
These are no ordinary wolves, Oelinor explained. They are the Felokar, the wolves of Hals, and are giants by comparison to their earthly brothers, if indeed we can say that they are related at all.
You will pass Feloklin, the Land of the Dead, which borders the gate to Hals, but you must be careful, for over that land the shadow of Tol-mari also lies. That is where the Alar Molokrn sleeps, and while he will be deep in slumber when you pass by, it is still unwise to stray too close, for the Vigil of Tol-mari is always kept.
Then you will cross the Chasm of Issar over the River Soldm and into the Plains of Eridl, the barren land that leads to Nahragor.
HerrDon clapped loudly and bashed his fist against the carriage wall. Let us bang at the Gates of the Black Bastion and wake all and sundry to our battle cry! he shouted, and both Dlin and Oelinor seemed disturbed by his reckless enthusiasm. Ifferon wondered if even the sentries at Nahragor had heard his roar.

*     *     *

The day passed quietly with little more talk, for they were all tired from their previous days journeying. It seemed that Oelinor went to sleep, though it was more a form of meditation, for he placed his hands upon his knees and bowed his head; then the light within him dimmed a little, as if he were an oil lamp that had been turned down. HerrDon rested against the frame of the wagon, snoring loudly, and Dlin stayed awake for some time yet, humming softly some old songs of the ancient days of Arlin. Ifferon bordered on the edge of sleep, nodding his head and closing his eyes, and Dlins humming helped to lull him further into a peaceful slumber.

*     *     *

Suddenly the cart halted, almost throwing Ifferon and HerrDon into Dlin and Oelinor. We will go no further, Oelinor told them. Even if I willed it, our horses will not cross this river, for the rumour of the corruption of the Taar has spread in their tongue as well as ours. Be careful, for there are many leagues yet to go, and I would that I could ensure safe passage for you to Nahragor, that most unsafe of places, but such a thought is a dream that too few dream any more. For there are no safe passages in Iraldas now, not here on the brink of Telarym, and not even beneath the comfort of the white blanket of Caeln.
Alas! Dlin cried. Would that I had a battalion of my knights now, for while there may not be any safe passages left in this world, we could have made some safer. But Arlin rues my own departure on this errand, and I could not let her suffer alone while the Knights of Issar go to the rescue of forsaken lands.
One knight with the strength of many will suffice, Oelinor said. But take heed! Ever is the blessing of Issar needed now, for this is the land of brook and stream, and that is her domain. She may no longer dwell here, and to her profit, I believe, for lingering here would have destroyed her, but the reach of her mind is vast, and she may turn many tides ere the waters are spent. So pray long and hard to her ere you attempt to cross any body of water here, be it the vastness of a lake or some narrow channel that may seem safe. And be careful of the gorge! Not all that bears her name still lies under her dominion.
Now go! Ever we tarry to listen to tired counsel, but my heart feels the better for the giving of it. Time is now a new enemy, and it is partly for this reason that I have stolen away from my duties in the north to see you swiftly to the south. Every wasted moment is a moment offered in sacrifice unto Agon, Aelor save us, for if the Call has come, and I do not doubt it, then we must do everything in our power to avert it.
With that he opened the door of the carriage and stepped out. The others followed him, finding that Thalla and Yavn had already left their vessel and were waiting by the river with Lolin.
Glad you decided to make it, Yavn said, grinning. Weve been waiting here for a good while now. Indeed, our carriage arrived a fair while before yours.
Boasting does not become you, HerrDon said. Had you wished for a race, then the carriage of HerrDon the Great would have arrived before you crossed the starting line.
Yavn frowned and looked to the ground, like a pet chastised by a disgruntled owner.
We thought you might have gotten lost, Thalla said to Ifferon and Dlin. It was clear that she did not really think this, but was eager to avoid another conflict between the poet and the prince.
Nay! Dlin said. Only lost down the passage of memory and the tunnels of deep thought.
I hope you spent your time together as equally productive, Ifferon said, waving his index finger in pretend admonishment. Even as he did so he regretted it, realising how it might seem to HerrDon, whose own reprimand would not have been in pretence.
Yavn looked at Thalla and beamed. We have, he said, and it almost seemed as though he was about to overflow with mirth. Thalla seemed more contained, avoiding the cold glare of HerrDons piercing eyes.
Oelinor was just telling us about the dangers of time-wasting, HerrDon said. It plays into the enemys hands. You better not have been playing into the enemys hands.
I must be off, Oelinor said quickly. It is a long road back, made all the longer by the trek through the blizzards to Oelinadal in Upper Ln. Farewell, my friends, old and new, and take heed of my counsel, overt and concealed. Fasimrr!
And with that he climbed quickly into the carriage, as if he were a bolt of lightning and the land were the sky. He went more swiftly than he had come, as if a sudden need of haste was upon him. Ifferon guessed that Oelinor had spent longer than he had intended away from the siege upon Oelinadal, and that he had suddenly realised the peril he had left his homeland in. The carriage door slammed shut. The great white horses of the Aelora reared up and whinnied. And so they charged off, back up the path they had come from.
 A need as great as your own drives him, Lolin explained. We look oft to the evil in the south, yet I fear that the Aelora alone look to the evil that comes from the east oer the Vast Sea, evil independent of the Beast, Aelor save us, and evil in league with him. Aelors Candle is what keeps the evil of the east out of the minds of Man and Ferianbut for how long? 
But let us speak of evil no more. I pray that we may meet again, and I pray ever the harder that should that wish come true, that we may meet in fairer times. Mallem Oelin mid baea. Fasimrr!
And so he left them, taking his carriage and following the trail of Oelinor with haste. The sound of stampeding horses lasted for a moment, growing ever fainter with the passage of time, and then the company was left in silence, standing before the River Hamis.

*     *     *

They looked upon the river. It was vast, stretching out on either side before them, reaching into the mists and vanishing over the horizon. It was long, a never-ending river some rumoured, but it was not wide, at least not at where the Aelora had left them north-west of Tol-mari; nor was it deep at this point, being at most but three feet, but neither the width of the crossing or the depth of its base were what worried the company.
So we are come to the River Hamis, Dlin said at last, breaking the silence, and his voice was like a hammer-stroke against the wind. It is known as Issar Chammas in Old Arlinaicthe River Barrierand such it is, it seems, for the Aelora would not cross it.
But the Aelora knew not the full might and courage of HerrDon the Great, HerrDon said. For if they did, they would have known that I would but glance upon this wall of water and it would quail and quake before me, and so be a barrier to us no more!
Yes, yes, but be that as it may, Dlin said, the crossing of it physically is not what worries me, for that I do not doubt we can manage. But the Chammas is a barrier of wills, like a sentinel protecting the land of Telarym. It is rumoured in Arlin that those who cross it lightly, with no concern for the spirits of the water, who some say require a sacrificial offering, may find that the river runs far, and may appear in ones own land one day, stalking the reckless and revealing a might that is otherwise concealed.
Bah! HerrDon exclaimed. Do you ask that we tremble before a river? First Oelinor warns us about wolves, and now we must baulk before a stream? But suddenly the prince looked down; he gave a cry and jumped away, for a creeping water had risen from the river many feet away, and it had crawled its way up to his feet.
Lo! Dlin said. The river is listening to us.
It is evil! HerrDon cried. Evil! It tried to kill me!
It tried to soak your feet, Yavn said, laughing.
Aye, and drown me! HerrDon said. Twas not the water that startled me, but that which I saw within it. For it showed me a vision of my death, and I was drowning in the sea, and I flailed and clambered for air, but none but the ghost of a friend would come.
Tis best not to look into the waters of this river, Dlin said. I am late in the advice, but I must also say that while that which it shows may hold truth or not, it is but one of the many futures open to us. I do not say this lightly, for my uncle, Dlgrid, long rest he in the peace of the Halls, ventured far and wide around Iraldas, and so he came to Telarym and the Issar Chammas, and he was shown his death in the waters. He saw that he would slip and fall upon a high stair. But that was not his fate, for ever after was he consumed by a great fear of heights, and he built a level home, and would not climb a stair even were there gold glittering at the top of it.
How did he die? Yavn asked.
By the will of the gods, Dlin said. But my aunt still holds that it was the stairs that killed him, for he worried overmuch, and the worry played ill on his health. He was not the same in his later years. And so, perhaps, the stairs took him after all, and thus did he descend the stairs into the Halls of Hals, where ever he rests now.
And lo, there is a verse that some of us in Arlin know, for there were many who knew my uncle, and the tales of his ventures spread far and wide, until minstrels sang of him. Some sang as follows:

The Issar Chammas spans the land
From western mount to eastern shore;
To those who come upon its strand,
They may see themselves no more.
A curse is laid upon the river
From days that are not counted now
And what dire fate shall it deliver?
Death must come, but it tells how.
      
A ghost may live within the deep
And call poor men to final sleep,
And there may throng a phantom host
That marches from the misty coast.
We do not know what makes it run,
But those who pass may come undone.

The Issar Chammas breaks the strong
And stalks the weak who venture far,
And many hear its spectral song
In lands where no foul rivers are.
The river stretches far and wide
And crosses into shadow lands,
And those who use its course to guide
Will wander into deadly hands.
	
Those who cross without a prayer
May find the river deeper there,
And those who wander to its rim
May learn they cannot truly swim,
And those who dare defy its host
May never live to brag and boast.

The Issar Chammas blocks and bars,
And guards a land of twilight stone;
It is not of this world of ours,
And thus it runs its course alone.
The shrewd will cross with this in mind,
So never harking to its call,
But those with sense of a better kind
Are those who do not cross at all.

A dark omen, Ifferon said. I like the verse, but not the warning.
And you will like less what is contained within the Chammas, Dlin said, if eer you dare to look into it. The Oracle of the Dead should not be used by the living, for it brings Death all the closer, and we have had enough of his presence in our company thus far.
Aye! HerrDon cried, still shaken. Do not look into the river as you cross. You may trip and stumble, and may feel drawn to look towards your footfalls, but that is a trick of the river, for it wills us to look within it. Bend all your will to looking upon the far shore and pray that we all cross swiftly without mishap.
And so they set across the river, but their passing was slow, for even as Dlin set foot within it, it looked as though it were rising, and that the knight was sinking into it like quicksand. Ifferon feared that Dlin would not need to look into the water to find out what his doom was, for his death might come then and there in the river itself.
Are you sure you want to brave this? Yavn said to HerrDon. I mean, after finding out you will die in water. Does fear not tell you it could be this river?
Fear might, if eer I listened to him, HerrDon replied. But it would be a sore sight and state for HerrDon the Great to tremble at a river so small. But even as he spoke the river rose again, and it seemed that it was not just rising but growing wider too. We must all go to Hals at some time, and Ill have all eternity to think about its Halls when Im therefor now I will think of life!
And so he stepped in after Dlin, trudging along behind him and wading through the water which had risen to his waist, and just below the waist of Dlin. The knight ahead still plodded on slowly, for it seemed that his feet were sticking to the riverbed, and he tore them from the ground with great strength and effort. He clambered out on the far shore and turned to wait for the others to help them out as they approached.
My robes will be shrivelled, Thalla said as she followed HerrDon. I pray that Telarym is truly as warm as people say, for we shall need the sun to dry us out erelong.
Yavn followed, with the water up to his chest, for he was short and required the aid of Ifferon, much to his embarrassment and dissatisfaction. Dont drown, HerrDon called from the far side, laughing as he watched them struggle. Ifferon, however, was glad to aid the stableboy, for it meant that he was not thinking of avoiding looking down into the water below, which seemed to call to him, tugging on his mind and will. At one point he taught he saw that Yavn had looked for a moment into the mire below, and he was shaken, clutching to Ifferon with the strength of fear. Did you look into the river? he tried to ask, but the words would not come out, for dread had lodged in his throat.
At last they had all crossed and it seemed that they stood in a different world, for the air was humid and the wind was warm. The land about them seemed at once saturated and parched, as if somehow one could drink the water and become drier than before. The sky was grey and forlorn, as if the mist of the river had risen into the heavens to blot the view of the stars. And before them in the distance loomed the Morbid Mountains, dark grey figures standing in regiment across the borders of the land.
We have crossed the Issar Chammas into the land of Telarym, Dlin said, but we have yet more land to cross ere we come unto the Morbid Mountains. They are many leagues off, and we would do well to keep a steady pace, lest time has allied with Agon. 
You will need to hurry then, a strange voice called from the dim wood nearby, a wood that they had barely seen in the girth of the mist. Ifferon saw a shadow pass between the trees, though it vanished as soon as he set his eyes upon it. The voice was that of a strong, husky female. For Man lacks the legs that the wide expanse of Telarym demands, she said.
Thalla stepped forward. Show yourself.
Not at your command, the woman said, coming out from the trees, but I am Elitha of Westhaven. She was tall, with a golden tint to her skin and a slash across her face that seemed newly carved. She stared at them with small, slanted green eyes that looked as though she was always studying something, always watching like a hawk. Her hair was tied back in a ponytail, and some was spiked like blades of grass; at different angles it appeared like a deep auburn or a dark green. Upon her back there was a strange banner supported by many wooden poles. Upon her face was a wry smile that shook Ifferon. It was then that he saw the other figure behind her, still shrouded in shadow.
A Ferian, HerrDon observed, as surprised as any of them that one of that race would cross the Hamis into Telarym.
Oh, do not be so gruff with the name of my race, Elitha barked. Many die at the hands of the algarth for a lesser crime.
HerrDon looked ready to give in to the challenge and fight her then and there. You are outnumbered by far, though I would warrant that my blade alone would do the job.
Do the job? It seems you think quite highly of yourself, little Man, Elitha said, spitting the words at him. I do not think your attempt will be necessary, however, as I am not here for battle.
What brings you so far from Westhaven, dear Elitha of the Ferian? Dlin asked, and he stepped forward with his hands extended, palm outwards, in token of parley.
Ah, some courtesy, I see. Let us hope it lasts. My reason is the reason that also brings you, though in truth it breeds more danger for you than I, she replied. The figure behind her stepped forward, and she held out her arm, halting him. It was a hooded man, and when he looked up, Ifferon could see his dark face, which bore long, unkempt hair, blacker than the dark rings about his eyes. Elitha glanced at him sharply, and he returned the look. This is the one known to me as Aralus of Thistlecover, a Man from Boror who consorts with the Al-Ferian, as if to double his crimes against the world.
And now that weve all got off to a friendly start, Aralus said, lets have a feast! I caught two wolves earlier this day, and they make for some fine feasting with a sprinkling of hickory and thyme. Delicious! He licked his lips with a long, slimy tongue.
If you were to trust his cooking you would deserve whatever foul poisons he would likely use, Elitha said. Nature would not suffer a scoundrel like him to pluck the true herbs from her good earth.
Why do you keep company if you bear such scorn for one another? Thalla asked.
I will not let the rogue out of my keen sight, unless he proves to me his worth, and that I doubt. A little Man is a little Man, but those little Men who converse with the Al-Ferian and harbour darkness beneath their coat are smaller still.
Im as tall as you! Aralus protested, straightening his back. Oh, you mean, little in valour. Ah, I see. I was initially led astray by the fair assumption that you, simple as the rest of your race, were not capable of such subtlety. An easy mistake, my fair lady.
Keep silent or I will be forced to silence you! Elitha shouted. And that, Aralus, you can take as I speak it.
If you come with quarrels, Dlin said, then you can go as quickly as you have come, for I am in no mood for them. Now, tell me, Elitha, where is it that you were heading, with or without your hooded friend?
Friend? Perhaps you have been confused by our quarrels, Elitha said. We are no friends.
Dont be like that, dear Elly, Aralus said. Ill be your friend if youll be mine. He extended a thin, withered hand plastered in muck to her. Ifferon could see little of his face from the depths of his hood, but caught a gleam of a smirk. 
Elitha ignored him. I was sent by the head of the Matriarchate of Westhaven
To make some friends, Aralus interjected, smiling broadly and pointing to himself.
to see how the Garigt are doing at Nahragor, for we heard news that they were attempting to lay siege to the Black Bastion. It is my duty, as an algarth of the Ferian, to bring news, good or ill, of how the Garigt fair, and to bring it swiftly back to Westhaven.
In other words, Aralus explained, shes a spy!
Not in the least! Elitha snapped. If Nahragor should fall, then the Matriarchate would have reason to declare war on the Dolmors down south.
Would they not have reason to come to the aid of the Garigt and help them succeed at Nahragor? HerrDon asked.
The Dolmors are a more pressing threat.
Then why do your leaders not declare war on them now?
If it goes ill at Nahragor, then the next to face the wrath of Agon after the fall of your race would be the Ferian and Al-Ferian, and we could not fight Dolmor and Taar and the Dark Men of Nahlin all at once.
Then why not help Man at Nahragor so that Man can help you with the Dolmors?
You either lie or jest, for Man is not a helping race. Man is a selfish breed, never looking beyond its borders.
Hypocrisy is a dark deed, Dlin said. You speak ill of Man for our supposed selfishness, yet you proclaim that you only watch the Garigts last stand so you can decide whether or not to go to war with the nearest threat to your borders. Surely you see the contradiction of that claim?
And how dare you speak ill of Man when the Garigt go well beyond their borders to fight on behalf of all races here! HerrDon said. An insult to HerrDon the Great is a darker deed, but an insult to the honour of his race is the darkest yet!
Oh, do not be so thespian, Elitha said, scorn thick in her throat. You have no legion to unite and inspire with high speeches and lofty claims. I am not here to rally to your cause, whatever misguided notion that may be. If it were not the forces of Nahragor hunting you down, you would be picking each other off like rats and feasting on the remains. Such is the way of your race.
I have tried, Aralus said, nodding his head. I have tried to make her less judgemental, but then I suppose we should expect it from a Ferian. Ha, and she wonders why I live in Al-Ferian lands. Do you think, dearest Elly, that your race, with such a love of outsiders, would kindly welcome me?
We would welcome the Dark Men ere we welcome you, she replied.
See? Aralus told the others. Its just insult after insult. One minute shes fighting Agon, and the next shes welcoming him to Westhaven. Treason and abuse are the best that she offers.
And what, pray tell, is your purpose in these lands, Aralus of Thistlecover? Dlin asked.
Aralus combed his fingers through his hair, but did not pull down his hood, and he wiped the grease upon his leather vestments. I am here not to be goaded on by such beasts as Elitha, nor to spend my time quarrelling, but to hunt the less wild beasts of these hills.
The Dead Hills? Dlin questioned, his brow furrowing and his stare tightening.
There are wild beasts on every turn of the land of Arlin, Boror, and Alimror, Elitha said. You speak more falsities than a thief caught stealing jewels from a noble.
At least my words have removed the venom that they might speak, Aralus replied. Can we say the same of yours?
This must stop! Dlin cried. We have no need of conflict here, not when we are in danger of ravenous wolves, and not even in the open fields of a summers day when the Adversary is destroyed and we are busy in our rejoicing! Keep your judgements to yourselves and air them freely when the tension has been driven from us like a blade through the heart of the Beast!
Aye, Dlin speaks truly, HerrDon added. We have seen enough quarrels to last us a lifetime, so let us keep the blade of our tongues for the first true enemy we encounter, and then let us unleash it with violence and vengeance! He looked to Dlin, as if for approval, but none came.

*     *     *

Despite the companys fervent pleas, the day passed without silence or peace, for the Ferian would not falter her advance on Aralus, and nor would he back down from his stance against her. Aralus hid beneath his hood for most of the day, and it was only when dusk approached that he let it down and shook his head violently. Dlin watched him with  disgust, and indeed Ifferon could see his view, for the knight was cleanly shaven, even now in these bleak surroundings away from civilisation, but this consort of the Al-Ferian wore a rugged beard and messy, slimy hair that reached past his shoulders, more twisted and tangled than the roots of the trees in the Dark Forest of Idor-Hol. Even with his hood down his face was masked in shadow, as if he bore some long scars that he could not reveal. The only clear thing that Ifferon could tell was that he was gaunt in feature, for his dark eyes peered out from deep depressions in his face, and he looked as though he might collapse of frailty there and then, or, worse yet, might carry some disease that might strike frailty and death into them all.
The moon shone that night, and Elitha and Ifferon stood side-by-side staring at it when things had calmed down. The Light of lith, she said, her voice soft. For the first time since their meeting, Ifferon heard no anger or loathing in her speech. 
We call her Uldarus in our tongue, Ifferon explained. She does not shine as brightly as her twin, Ilios the sun, but for me it seems that her light is stronger, for it shines in darkness.
If it shines at all, Elitha said.
If it shines, Ifferon acknowledged, nodding slowly. I have seen this sight on many nights, and every time I look upon it, I am still awestruck by its beauty. 
She paused and looked at Ifferon curiously, her narrow eyes becoming even smaller as she inspected him. You seem an awfully strange Man to take to such things. What breed are you?
Breed? Ifferon quizzed. I am no special breed. Just a Bororian cleric seeking peace. Just Ifferon, son of Benegon. He did not tell her he was also a Child of Telm, but the thought crossed his mind, as if the echoes of the Last Words were resounding in the distance.
It is strange to see a Bororian wander Taar lands. Are you one of the Garigt?
No, though I spent some time with them in the past. Now I march alone.
And eer do you march closer to death, Elitha said. For Hals and Feloklin are near. And what life of peace will you live when all the world is at war?
Ifferon nodded solemnly. Even my hideaway at Larksong was attacked. I thought I was safe there. I never really felt safe, of course, but there were a few years there when I was not troubled overmuch. But I was found. The ships of the Adversary came. Now the monastery lies in ruins, or perhaps it has been rebuilt as some fortress of Agon in my homeland.
That is a horrid fate for ones home, Elitha said, shaking her head. If eer Fthal, my home, was to be sundered so, I would be wounded deeply, for, algarth that I am, all Ferian invest much of their lives into the land that they come from, as should all races, though many people in Iraldas think little of that which supports them and gives them life. She stopped and looked at him again, and Ifferon could tell that she was watching his reaction, judging whether or not he was worthy of her words. It appeared he was, for she continued: On the passing of a new summer, each Ferian youthling plants new flowers and bushes and trees, and so the flora grow as we age, and so the fauna come to know and love us deeply over time. For that to be destroyed would be a grievous blow, but for it to be twisted into some dark mockery would be fatal.
May I ask why you wear that thing upon your back? Ifferon questioned, gesturing to the wooden apparel tied around her.
This is a thalgarth, a woodguard.
Is it not uncomfortable?
Is your robe not uncomfortable? she replied, running her hand down the sleeve of his arm and shuddering as if the feel of the fabric unsettled her. Perhaps a cleric feels good in a clerics attire and a Ferian feels good in Ferian attire. Each foot to its own shoe. Is that not so?
Yes, that is true. But still, it looks a little cumbersome, Ifferon said. He wondered if it would fall off while running or if it would slow her down, but he held his tongue. Can you not take it off?
I am not Al-Ferian, she said with scorn. I do not so easily abandon the customs of my people. Yes, it looks cumbersome, but it is not in actuality. It is made from a light wood, the lowal tree, and the cross-staves serve to keep the balance right, as they move according to how I move, making sure the thalgarth does not lean too much on either side. It is an extension of my body, and I imagine you know that a Ferian is quick on her toes.
Provided shes not leaving waylays, Ifferon said.
Elitha smiled, the first Ifferon had seen from her. If she were leaving waylays, she would not be a very good scout, and would not be given a thalgarth, but then such is only offered to those long come of High Age. You see, these seals I wear are not merely for show. They are drawn from very ancient magic, the magic that the Aelora left to leak into the earth, and they act as beacons to friendly animals around. Upon the thalgarth itself a number of birds may perch, as well as upon the cross-staves. In times of danger, when threatened by certain wild beasts who do not answer to the Ferian, for some animals have been turned and twisted to some evil master, such as the Al-Ferian or, even worse, the hordes of Agon, the cross-staves may be unleashed to ward off these creatures, or, in better cases, to break the spell of their enthralment and convert them back to the truth of the Ferian Way. They may also be used as wardens when resting, for few animals of dark desire dare pass beyond a cross-staff of a Ferian algarth.
Do the Al-Ferian uses these thalgarths too?
They use everything they can get their filthy hands on. They have thalgarths which do not make use of the Emblem of ala, but a corrupted design of leaf embedded with the Acorn of Acrath the Turncoat. She earned the title of Tree-traitor for her vile deeds, and yet the Al-Ferian profess to be lovers of leaves and treasurers of trees. For that is indeed the meaning of their name in our tongue. Al-Ferian, the Tree People. Even their stolen land is misnamed, for they call it Arith Alimror, the Forest Valley of Day, and such it might have been were it not for what the wood harbours. And so I say it is a Forest-vale of Night, of darkness, more akin to Idor-Hol on the foothold of Nahragor!
Those are dark words to speak of your kin.
They are not my kin. The Ferian are my kin. The Al-Ferian are thieves, and they stole the name of Ferian to add to the many lives of trees that they have stolen.
What have they stolen from them?
Elitha sighed. That is a long, sad tale. My heart is reluctant to tell it, and my ears reluctant to hear it, even from my own lips. We Ferian have ever been graced with a kinship with the earth, with the nature that has nurtured us from Low Age to High Age. For this we have been rewarded in many ways, and one of these ways is in a form of long lifethe life of the trees. 
She paused for a moment and glanced at Ifferon, and again it seemed that she was studying him, seeing if he could be trusted with her tale. After a time, where it appeared that she was debating with herself on the merits of the cleric, she continued.
We are born with an acorn in our hands, and this acorn is the most precious of possessions of a Ferian, for it is the embodiment of a Ferians life. The Wisdomweavers of Westhaven say that the acorn contains within it the true name of the Ferian child, for the acorn contains an Echo of ala from the Beginning, when he spoke the First Words that brought the All forth from the Nothingness. And some Wisdomweavers say they can hear the true name in the Echo and impart it to the parents of the child, so that they may name their child according to the Will of ala, so that, in turn, they might grow to High Age to fulfil their true purpose here on Iraldas. We carry these in a small pouch upon our belts, and those who lose them grieve greatly, and those who steal them are hunted down with a swiftness rarely seen in this world. When death finally takes a Ferian, the Wisdomweavers have a choice of performing a long and elaborate ceremony, which some say is forgotten, to resurrect the Ferian, or they may  plant the acorn and let the spirit of the Ferian live on in the life of a new and splendid tree, which shall live many more lives than a Ferian could ever do in her mortal existence.
I have heard of these acorns and these trees, Ifferon said. Some of my books spoke of the Ferhassan, the Life Houses of the Ferian, and it was mentioned that these came in the form of seeds that appeared as though they were little stars dropped from the heavens. Indeed, it has been my opinion for some time that the Beldarians of the Magi of Boror were based on the Ferhassan, and that the first Magus, Danarm the Dawn-hearted, bartered with Acrath for the first beldar jewel, which was, perhaps, one of those acorns.
Then the Magi of Boror are thieves also, and may the Wrath of ala be upon them swiftly, for Acrath was a wicked woman, Elitha bellowed, and it seemed as though she might lash out at anyone around. She was the first to break the Treaty of Trees that had existed since before memory. She had a secret pact with a number of comrades, who thought her a prophet, that on her death bed her acorn be used to restore her life. So it was that the art of resurrection, which should have remained in its place of memory and legend, was brought back into action. Her life was restored, but she died swiftly at the hands of the Matriarchate, who sent the algarth to restore the balance. Thus do the algarth serve not only as scouts, but as bounty hunters for those Ferian who have chosen to break the Treaty, and for those Al-Ferian and Al-Ferian sympathisers that we find along the way.
I am in awe of these things that you share with me, Ifferon said. I have long been a lover of legend and the mythology of other races, and so it comes to me like a great story to a child at bedtime. And your language, which I know not, intrigues me greatly, for I have studied many languages, Bororian, Arlinaic, and Aelora, to name but a few, and I would greatly like to know more of the Ferian tongue. Pray, tell me, for curiosity has seized me, what is the meaning of Ferian in your tongue, for it seems to me that it is related to your word for life, that is fer, in the word for the Life Houses that you have.
You are very astute, Elitha observed. Ever you surprise me the more you speak, for first you share a love of the Night-glow, and then you show your love of myth and language, long upheld as two of the seven tenets of a true Ferian. And now even you see the meaning of our tongue ere I speak it. The others are right to think of you as sacred, whether or not Thas, or Telm as you call him, left some mortal offspring.
A small part of Ifferon was surprised that the Ferian woman already knew about his bloodline; another part assumed that tongues were loose among his companions; but an even larger part knew that his name wafted on the wind like the death cry of Telm himself.
But yes, Elitha continued. Fer is life, and ferian is living, for we are the Living, the People. We are the wardens of life, the protectors of plants, the defenders of trees, the custodians of the earth, and the guardians of animals. We are the Living. All other races are dead to us.

*     *     *

Night came and went swiftly, though day followed dimly, for they were drawing closer to the outskirts of the Dead Land. They broke their fast quickly, eating the remainder of the bread that they had stowed, for it was growing hard and stale. Then they were on the road again, passing league upon league of land in their steadfast march.
After a time a great darkness set upon them, as if a large, dense cloud had passed overhead. A sudden chillness crept in around them, for the sun had vanished. The company realised that it was not a cloud, but the ominous reach of the shadow of Tol-mari, for the black tower loomed up tall to their right, where the sinking sun had been, and there it seemed to have conquered the fiery ball of day with the fearsome gloom of night.
We are under the shadow of Tol-mari, Dlin whispered. What an evil fate that we be lured here against our will, for its blackness looms tall, yet it seemed only moments ago that it was many leagues away.
How can it be? HerrDon asked. I thought we made sure to avoid all paths leading towards the Tower. Did that Aelora not assure us that we would but barely set our sight upon it and not our feet upon the sullied soil beneath its reach?
If you listened to an Aelora, then the magic of his voice must have deceived you, Elitha said. The Aelora do not care about the troubles of us lesser folk.
Aralus smiled grimly, and his mouth was like a chasm. We could say the same about the Ferian. 
No, I do not think we have been misled, Dlin said. I need not remind you all of the evil of Tol-mari, for this is the fortress of the Alar Molokrn, the Lichelord himself. Some say he sits upon a seat of black iron upon the summit, casting a shadow greater than the Tower itself, while others say he rests in a crypt sixty feet beneath the foundations, and others yet say that he roams about these lands, from the Morbid Mountains to the White Mountains further south, between which lies the vast reaches of the land of Feloklin.
And which one do you believe he does? Yavn asked. Ifferon could almost see that the youth had one eager eye on the knight and the other on the dark tower.
All three, Dlin said. And much more. Just as the reign of Lichelord passes from one Molokrn to another, so too must the actions of each newly enthroned Lichelord change to suit the nature of its dark spirit.
There are two here, Ifferon said.
The others turned sharply to him, confused and unnerved.
Two Molokrn.
HerrDon instantly unleashed his sword with a sound of screeching steel. The others looked about with cautious glances, a flurry of darting eyes to seek out this pressing foe.
No, not here, Ifferon explained. At Tol-mari. Oelinor told me more about them in secret, and I learned other things, which I cannot speak of, at the Urod-Pelar. At the Passing of the Reign, the old Lichelord and the new one must meet at Tol-mari, and both of them enter the Kalakrn in the Crypt beneath the earth, for they are made from the shadows of the earth, and the enthronement can only take place beneath the ground again. So there are two here, and I think this was part of Oelinors plan. No, not to lead us astray, so that we might come closer to the Tower, but for us to make haste to Nahragor before the enthronement has taken place, for this means that while there are Molokrn at the Black Bastion, they are without their master, and may prove to be less potent a foe.
Couldnt we attack the Lichelord now while hes resting? Yavn asked.
How nave, Elitha said, shaking her head. I will forgive you your youth.
If we could bypass the Vigil of Tol-mari, such a thing could be attempted, Dlin said. But even then, a Molokrn cannot be seen, and while possibly vulnerable in rest, I imagine that the Crypt is well protected by more than sentries and mortal guards. And to bypass the Vigil is to perform a miracle on its own.
Then let us perform some miracles, HerrDon said. Well storm the Tower and slay the guards, and put these Shadowspirits to a proper rest!
Perhaps if all goes well at Nahragor we can attack the Tower of Lies, Dlin said. But if an army cannot break the Black Bastion, then a band of warriors cannot storm Tol-mari.
Aye, HerrDon said, nodding intently. Aye indeed, but we are hardly just a band of warriors, are we? We have HerrDon the Great and Dlin Trueblade, and we alone, dare I say, could topple this Tower with one arm tied.
Would that it be so, Dlin said. But for me, at least, I think age outpaces my enthusiasm. I think not even the ballista I gave to Belnavar would make a dent in Tol-mari.
I hate to break this moment of bonding, but where is Aralus? Thalla asked. I thought he was here a moment ago.
Ack, the scoundrel! Elitha shouted. At the mere mention of shadow he goes to cling to the shade. I warn you all not to put trust in him, for he is deception incarnate, and losing him here on the foot of Tol-mari is a dangerous thing. Curse the rogue and my lowered guard! It would not surprise me that he would report us to the Vigil itself!
Let us hope not, Dlin said. I doubt he would leave freely in such a circumstance, so there would be no sense in such a dark act.
And so they ventured closer to the Tower of Tol-mari, despite the growing fear in their hearts and the nagging nervousness in their minds. Every little shadow seemed to grow large, and it appeared as though some of them might leap out after them and attack, dragging them back to their world of darkness within some crack beneath a structure of rock. But the shadows only jumped out in their mind, for there was naught to be seen in the areano leaping shadows, no assaulting Spectres, and no Aralus. Thus they drew even closer to that which they intended to avoid.
After a while they were halted by Dlin. Do not go any further. I sense an evil here that is both great and powerful. It is sleeping, yet still easy to wake.
Let it awake with a sword in its heart! HerrDon cried.
Silence, my friend, Dlin said. Let valour be left for the battles ahead. Now we require vigilance.
Are you well, Ifferon? Yavn asked. The others turned to him, noting the paleness in his face. He felt suddenly weak, as if a fever of Hals were upon him, the fires roaring and pouring through his veins.
I can see him, he managed after a time.
You can see Aralus? HerrDon quizzed. Where is he?
No doubt this is the evil that you sense, Dlin, Elitha added.
No. The Lichelord, Ifferon explained.
There was a figure on the plains beneath the shadow of Tol-mari. At first glance it appeared as nothing more than a large rock with tufts of long blowing grass buried in its hull. But a second glance was enough to chill the heart and still the breath, for rocks do not heave as if breathing; rocks do not stretch great black fingers into the soil; rocks do not fill the heart with horror and the mind with silent dread.
I cannot see it, Yavn whispered. What is it doing?	
None of us can see, Dlin said. That is the great strength of the Molokrn, for they are invisible to even the most far-reaching of sight. Only gods and the children of gods may see them, and some only with the relics of the Calari.
Would that I could see, HerrDon said. Not even the greatness of my sight can peer through to the Shadow Kingdom, nor would the Scroll of the Last Words help against the strain. We are not all blessed with the clearsight like a Child of Telm.
I can see the shadow, and feel the shadow, Ifferon replied. I can hear the ominous thrum of dark winds, as if great cloaks and capes were battering against the  breeze. I can smell a musk of darkness, and I can taste a foulness and a rottenness, as if the land was charred and the wind was blowing bits of burnt rock into my mouth. And do you want those senses? It is easy for the blind to ask for sight when they do not know the torment of the sight that others must endure. Would you rather not be blind to this?
Aye, HerrDon said. Of course I would. I would love to sit in the gardens around Ilokmaden Keep, content in the fairness of the world, knowing that my kingdom was safe, and that all that I stood for actually stayed standing. To be ignorant of the worries of the world is a gift that many treasure, and others take for granted, knowing no better, or, more rightly, no worse. But I have seen the darkness, Ifferon. While you were cowering in the cloisters of the monastery at Larksong, I was on the beach facing the shadow. It was my men who clambered down the sand dunes to stay the advancing hordes. It was I who smelled blood and tasted sand and felt great pain and saw great turmoil. I saw more than shadow, Ifferon. I saw death with its groping fingers, pulling my soldiers into the sand, ripping apart my regiment. I saw victory die and vanish, and I felt the bitterness of defeat sink into the very depths of my wounds. Would that I could be blind to the darkness, Ifferon, but I do not need the Scroll to see it.
With that there was a sudden tenseness in the air. It grew rapidly humid, and the wind was gone. The party looked towards the plains before Tol-mari and there beheld a strange sight. All but Ifferon saw a light dust swell up in a circle and begin to rotate and pulsate. Then there was a sound just off the edge of their hearing, something that gave a tremor to the ground, and then a shadow rose up from the earth, almost as if it were tearing itself, or being torn, from the cracked soil. 
Ifferon saw more, for behind this tornado of dust and shadow was the Molokrn he had seen earlier, still low to the ground, black claws of dark mist clinging to the earth. It seemed as though it had horns upon its head, yet these were also made of shadow, and they seemed to be growing steadily smaller by the minute, as if the creature was losing its potency. He heard a horrible speech, yet it did not sound as if it came from the Lichelord, but from within his own mind, or perhaps deep beneath the earth where even worms would not burrow. A shadow was pulled from the ground before his very eyes, and Ifferon knew from the breathless gasp of his comrades that they had seen it vaguely for an instance as it lingered between worlds, and then it faded back into darknessyet the feeling of its presence lingered on.
Its ... creating, Thalla said; shock was mingled with disgust in her voice.
I have seen many things, Dlin said. But nothing like this. The birth of new evil before our very eyes. Alas, for the ranks of my people dwindle, and yet the darkness throngs anew.
Now we know why Tol-mari rests upon Feloklin, HerrDon said. And now we know where the Hosts of Shadow come from, or, at least, some of their evil kin. The Molokrn ensnare the wandering spirits that have escaped from Hals and dominate them, putting them to service to their dark will. They tear a shadow from the earth and imprison a spirit within that shadow, giving the shadow life, a foul life enthralled to Molok, the Spiritlord.
I think we should get moving, Thalla said. Have we not lingered here long enough?
Aye, HerrDon said. Some evil has brought us here. Indeed, it seems to me that there is a spell on these lands, and Tol-mari acts like a beacon, a light attracting the flies. Perhaps this is intended to lure the spirits of Hals here for the will of Molok, but it seems we need not be dead to fall under its spell.
So let the spell be broken! Dlin said. Unless we wish to visit Hals for ourselves.
Aye! Let us depart with all haste.
What about Aralus? Thalla asked.
What about me? Aralus said, stepping out from the shadow behind them.
You were here all along? Thalla quizzed. Did you not hear us speak of you?
Perhaps, he replied. I was enthralled by the spectacle of evil creating evil, as were you. Indeed, I warrant that you all were more interested in that than in finding or rescuing me, if I were lost or taken captive.
All evil looks alike, Elitha said. We thought the Molokrn might be you.
Oh, how droll, Elly. Yes, the Molokrn is my second cousin on my mothers side. Do you want me to introduce him to you? Id say youd get along.
Yes, yes, come! Dlin cried. Save introductions for another time. Let us leave this place.
They went quickly, turning their back on Tol-mari. Hunger gnawed at them, but wariness overcame their weariness and gave them strength to travel as swiftly as they could, until they were away from the watchful eyes of the Tower. The journey passed with haste, for fear flogged them and gave new speed to every step. Soon they approached the greatest of the mountains in the Morbid range.
We draw under the monstrous shadow of the Peak of the Wolf, Dlin said. If eer we were wary and vigilant under the gaze of Tol-mari, let us be even more so here, for this is what the Tower of Lies guardsthe entrance into Hals.
And even as he spoke the name of the Underworld, there was a sudden howl in the distance, as if some lone wolf had sensed and smelled their fear.
If my words were not counsel enough, Dlin said, let that howl bring us extra caution.
And extra haste, Ifferon added.
They passed more quickly beneath the shadow of the Peak, which loomed up taller than Tol-mari. For a moment Ifferon thought he saw the moon behind its summit, but as he looked up he realised that it was but the peak itself, which was capped in a thick blanket of snow. It seemed to Ifferon that the snow was melting from the heat of Hals buried deep beneath.
But haste was not their friend, for they had already tarried too long. Something was on the prowl. Something was giving hunt. There was a sound of snapping undergrowth, a small sound, and yet a tremendous din to the company who had basked in the stillness of a moment of silence.
We are too late, Dlin whispered, shaking his head and reaching for the handle of his sword. HerrDon was already drawn for battle.
Two yellow eyes peered out from the gloom. They grew steadily larger with the sound of padded feet upon broken branches. Two more eyes emerged from the shadow. There was the sound of heavy breathing through many snarling mouths. Then four more sets of eyes came out of the darkness around them; the lust of the feed was in the intensity of their stare. White and yellow fangs flashed in the shade; the blood of the last feast still clung to their teeth.
The shadow pressed in, and the advancing eyes drew close. The snarling jaws opened. The Felokar wolves attacked.

XIV  THE CHASM OF ISSAR



A terrible howl went before each hound, as if carried by an evil wind from Hals. As the Felokar wolves charged fort, Dlin could see that their eyes were ablaze with an inner fire, sparking and singeing their fur and the land around them. Their coats were of brown and black, though these too were tinted red, perhaps from the char of their eyes or some other fire still concealed. They seemed to blend into the blackness, as if they were not altogether present, but sight or no sight, Dlin unsheathed his great two-handed sword and swung to meet the flame and shadow.
Flee! he cried to his companions. These are the wolves of the Underworld. There is no valour to be won hereonly death!
There was a great sound of steel ringing through the air, as if it too made a howl to match the one unleashed by the wolves. Then there was a sound of rending flesh as the sword sliced through the nearest wolf, which leapt into the air and came down on the knight with a shriek and a clang against his armour. Blood sprayed into the air and then seemed to dissipate, for these were the wolves of Hals, and their flesh and blood were more illusion than reality. Dlin did not think of this, for the wolf had dented his armour and caused him to lose his breath, and the pain was altogether real. He faltered for a moment, losing his grip on the sword, and his helmet rolled off in the fray. Suddenly there were three wolves upon him, snarling and tearing. He held his gauntleted arms before his face, but still the claws and teeth tore at him, wearing down his defences.
Las Ardnin deLamarin! he called, and he felt a sudden strength within, as if the very mention of the Lady had set her potent gaze upon him, filling him with the waters of vitality and the rivers of courage. He leapt forward as if he too were wild, and he threw the wolf from him and came down on it in a frenzy. They rolled in the dust and the shade, and the other wolves came racing down on them, tearing and gnawing at all, wolf and man.
It seemed that an age was passing before Dlins eyes, an age of struggle, where limb met with claw, and the harsh glare of the wolves was met with a glower of rage and defiance. One wolf pinned his left arm in its jaws and shook its head violently, trying to rip off his limb. He beat at its head with his other fist, roaring and shouting in an attempt to frighten them off, and also from the pain of the ever-piercing teeth, which tore through his armour as if it were flesh. For a moment he was relieved of two of the wolves, for they broke off to fight amongst themselves over their prey, but the larger one soon returned, fresh blood thick upon its teeth.
Ever did Dlin clamber and toil with his foes, beating off wave after wave of the onslaught against him. He strayed on the path to Hals, for each volley of battering limbs drained his will, and each flurry of scratching claws drained his blood. Time passed slowly in that struggle, and so too did Dlin pass under the shadow of weariness and into the clutches of death.

*     *     *

Ifferon stood frozen in terror, unable to flee as the knight had commanded. The blazing eyes and snarling teeth leapt out from the shadow as if from the verge of a nightmare. Horror played on his mind and dulled his senses; everything was a sudden blur of sight and sound, a thrum of screams and shrieks, and a flurry of red and black. New terrors crept from his mind to meet the monsters that stood before him, and the fear gnawed at his will and chased away his courage.
Then Dlin shouted something in Old Arlinaic, and a dull light came upon him, as if some spirit of Hals had answered his call. The knight rose up and shook the wolves from him as if they were but rain upon his armour. And the fear was vanquished, washed away in the great tsunami of bravery and valour that had been unleashed. Ifferon thawed, as if from the fires of Hals, or the burning rage of the incensed knight before him, and he found that he could move again, that blood flowed ever more quickly in his veins.
But Dlin was taken down again. Wolf after wolf came upon him and dragged him this way and that. They groped at his arms and legs, and one great wolf pinned him down and bit fiercely into his left arm. Though he wore metal gauntlets, the knight screamed out and struggled against his attacker. Then the wolves seemed to fight amongst themselves, tussling for a piece of the knight. And the voice of Dlin rose one last time, and then it faded quickly, and his struggle was no more.
Begone! Ifferon shouted, and suddenly the wolves ceased in their feast. They turned and looked upon the clericsurprised and cautious, and altogether curious. Who was this new man? Why had he not fled like the others? How did he speak with seven voices? For that is how his voice sounded to them. A light welled up within him, and he seemed to gleam with a fire of his own, one that the wolves of Hals could never quench. The moon came suddenly from behind the clouds and shone down upon them, and the wolves were frightened, as if there was a threat of torment in the lunar rays.
Dehilas baeos! Ifferon shouted, and the seven voices roared as one. Dehilas baeos! Al-iav im-iavn im-samn im-samadas, dehilas baeos! A thunder rumbled in the heavens, like the sound of the great war drums of the gods. And it seemed to the wolves, caught off-guard with this new peril standing tall before them, that a silver armour shrouded in white light descended from the clouds, falling upon Ifferon and raising him to a new and formidable stature. Bae Fasn il-Taelam!
And the wolves recoiled at this announcement, turning and fleeing back towards the Peak, knowing now their own fear as the light of the moon pursued their racing heels. Their shadow passed back under the gloom of the mountain, and on this night they were seen no more.
The light of the moon dulled and the armour of Ifferon dissolved and parted like dust in a breeze. The seven voices were replaced by his own meagre tongue, parched by the heat of the flames of Hals. Strength and courage no longer dwelt in him; they departed like the wolves. Ifferon, frail and feeble once again, collapsed upon the ground.

*     *     *

Dlin awoke to the sound of screeching steel, and for one painful moment he thought he was within the iron masts of the dungeons of Tol-mari. His eyes stung, his heart throbbed, and the dull ache in his limbs was only matched by the relentless pounding in his head.
Another screech shrieked through the air, forcing Dlin to cringe and cling to the ground. The sound echoed out and became so intense that it seemed to pierce his brain like a stabbing sword.
A shrill cry of metal panged his hearing. Dlin wondered what door might have just been opened or what tool of evil was being used in the deeper parts of this lair. His mind wandered once more, down a cold hallway lined with metal plating, under an iron-cast portcullis, and into a room of steel.
And then a shadow passed him by, a black shape seen against his closed eyelids. It seemed to pace back and forth, and there was a fire behind it, burning brightly around the silhouette of the moving figure. A Felokar wolf, he thought. It is as I feared. I have been defeated, and now they bring me to some cave or lair to maul and devour me. Would that I had died ere I came to this torment.
Then a realisation came like the sudden tolling of a bell. I have died. That may yet be a Felokar wolf, but this is not Tol-mari or some wolf lair on Iraldasno, this is Hals. I am in the Underworld. But then he heard something strange: a voice. It was the voice of someone he knew, but it spoke a tongue he was but fleetingly familiar with. Dehilas baeos, it called, but there were other voices now. Suddenly, more quickly than his prior realisation, he recalled that this was the voice of Ifferon. He has fallen too. Doom has come upon our quest and death has come upon our company. He should have fled.
But then a light came down and the black figures made flight, and he knew then that they were indeed wolves, for they howled in dismay, as if they had set upon some wolf trap in the wild. The light was blinding, stinging his eyes, and yet he found that the pain of this new light was not as severe, and it seemed to lessen the soreness he had felt before. In a matter of moments it was gone, but as it passed, so too was Dlin able to pry his eyes open and look upon what doom had befallen him.
It was not Hals. There were few other times when he was so happy to be wrong. This was not the land of fire and rock and spirit. This was not a place of ash and char and brimstone. This was where he had been assaulted by the wolves, just beneath the Peak. He turned slowly, for his body still ached, and he saw that Tol-mari stood as tall as ever to his right. And, on turning back, he realised that he was not the only body lying on the ground there. Ifferon lay in a heap mere feet away.
Ifferon! Dlin called, and he coughed the name, for his mouth was coarse and dry. He swallowed hard, which was like consuming ash. He forced himself up and almost collapsed again, for his legs were limp, but soon he regained his balance and stumbled over to where Ifferon had fallen.
Ifferon! Alas! Alas! Have I returned from my swoon too late? By law of virtue, Lord Corrias, do not let death come upon him when death has chosen to pass me by. Arlin needs Dlin, but all of Iraldas needs Ifferon.
Dlin, Ifferon tried, his speech weaker than Dlins strained voice.
Praise the Lord Corrias! the knight cried, tears leaking from his eyes. You are alive! Never have I been so relieved. I thought I was taken to Hals, and then feared that you were also. But come, my friend, we must leave our journey to Hals for another day, and let us pray that it is many a year before that dour day is come.
Ifferon mumbled something on the edge of hearing; perhaps some god or spirit of Hals might have understood his words, but Dlin did not have the strength to strain his ears.
Conserve your energy, dear Ifferon, the knight said. Bless me, I am overcome and losing my senses. Take some water from my flask.
Dlin gave the cleric his flask, which was battered from the battle, and when Ifferon finished drinking, Dlin took a sup for himself. The water felt like life renewing in his veins, as if it were from the heavenly streams of Althar in the skies above. 
How we fail to appreciate so simple a thing, Ifferon said after a time. For something so plentiful in the world, it seems always to run out. My mouth was a desert, and the canister was my oasis. Thank you beyond all kindness, Dlin.
Soon both of them were fit enough to stand, and then they looked upon their surroundings and realised that they were alone. No wolves were about, and the Vigil of Tol-mari was looking elsewhere. None of their companions were there.
They are gone, Ifferon said.
I told them to flee, Dlin said, and he turned to Ifferon. I told you to flee.
It is lucky I did not, the cleric replied. But at least the others listened.
Dlin was not so sure. Or they have been taken by the wolves, he said. Of all who would give flight, HerrDon is not one of them, for his body would take a wound sooner than his pride. Yet he is gone.
They sat and rested for a while, but they did not tarry, for they were uncomfortably aware of the Peak of the Wolf looming like a beast upon the horizon. We must use what little strength there is left in us to find a better resting place, Dlin suggested. Alas! For if any of our friends have survived and are looking for us, they may come back this way, and we may pass them by without knowing. Alas indeed, for it seems that we are guided by wicked hands to an evil doom.
Onwards they travelled, slowly at first, for their legs were as logs and their minds were as crumbled earth. Soon, however, they shook the woodenness from their limbs, and their pace grew quicker.
Suddenly Dlin halted. There was a sound of scree falling beyond some rocks just ahead.
A peril lies before us, Dlin whispered. They both knew well what peril that was. The wolves had returned, perhaps from some feast upon their friends, and the knight and cleric could neither hide nor runnor could they fight, for they had spent what little energy they had left in their arduous walk. All that was left was the wait, and the silent prayers that their journey to Hals would be swift and merciful.
Then something came over the rocky mound and Dlin instantly unleashed his sword, for fear had given him new strength.
But it was not a wolf.
What irony! HerrDon shouted, raising his hands before him to block the advancing sword. To survive the wolves by Dlins valour only to be slain by that same knight. Surely the Calari delight in such tricks of fate!
But Dlin stayed his hand before the fatal strike. What happened to you? he quizzed.
What happened to you? Aralus asked, for he came hastening over the mound to the sound of HerrDons shout. He pointed to Dlins torn hand.
It was bitten by a Felokar wolf when I challenged them to combat, the knight replied. I will live.
Unlike dear Ifferon here, HerrDon said, clapping his hands and laughing heartily. But lo! I nearly had my whole arm eaten!
HerrDon the One Arm, Aralus said with his now familiar grin. Has a certain ring to it.
Ha! For each attempt at my arm I took a leg from the wolf, and I took his head for the insult of challenging me in the first place! I downed another before it carried Aralus off in its jaws.
Aralus turned and showed the large teeth marks in his leather armour. Merely a scratch, Im sure HerrDon will find.
Aye! And youre lucky I was there to ensure the wolf did not keep on scratching!
When both of you are done flaunting your victory, Dlin said, can you tell me where the others are? Thalla? Yavn? Elitha?
I saw Elitha by the boulders yonder, HerrDon said, pointing to a ridge of rock in the distance. Shes a nimble one. Wouldnt think she had it in her.
I certainly wouldnt, Aralus said. But then she never lets me look.
And Thalla and Yavn? Dlin asked.
I havent seen them, HerrDon replied gruffly, folding his arms.
Perhaps theyve found some boulders of their own to hide behind? Aralus suggested with a devious smile. Perhaps theyre doing some scratching of their own? Hmm?
Better watch your tongue, HerrDon snapped. Or youll see it in a jar sometime soon, and you can tell people that HerrDon the Wolf did you the honourif, indeed, you can say anything at all.
Ah, the jester lives a tough life, Aralus said, shaking his head. In truth, Im sure theyre probably dead somewhere, perhaps rolling in the bellies of some satiated wolves.
We must find Thalla! HerrDon cried.
Yes, yes, Dlin said. And Yavn and Elitha.
And Elitha, yes, HerrDon said. I suggest we keep together, unless we want to spend the rest of the night finding each other after weve found everyone else.
Yes, yes, that is wise, Dlin said. He grimaced, for the pain in his hand had grown. Are you well enough to walk, dear Ifferon?
I will manage, Ifferon said, struggling to his feet with Dlins aid.
Hmm, I can see how hauling a dying old man will not slow us down, Aralus said. Perhaps I should stay here with him while you two go ahead? Knight and his admirerits touching. There was a certain unsettling eagerness in his voice, a sudden slip of desperation on his tongue, and Ifferon suspected it was apparent to them all.
Yes, and I can see how youve not been listening to what I said about us not splitting up, HerrDon said. We did that already when the wolves attacked, and look at the mess were in now. Sane men do what great men suggest, and I suggest we take whatever pace is necessary for us all to stay together.
Hmm, does that include Yavn? Aralus asked. You know, because Im wondering if thats the kind of lets all stay together that you mean.
HerrDon glared at him and forced a smirk before turning aside. You humour me, he said, but their was no mirth in his voice. Come! Let us part now before we are parted of our zeal. A long journey is lessened by eager feet.

*     *     *

The sudden wail of a Felokar wolf brought Thalla and Yavn to the brink of a large precipice, which gave way to a cliff of rocks and boulders, mounted uneasily on a bed of weathered limestone. The ground was damp, for night had fallen, and with it came a downpour of rain that would not cease. The darkness oppressed them, and yet it was the slivers of infrequent light that caused them the most fright, for instantly they saw in their minds the candle-eyes of a dozen hungry wolves, ravenous and hungry.
Thalla and Yavn had shaken off the brunt of their frenzy, for they had taken flight at the instant of Dlins command, though they did not need his instruction, for the wolves of Hals had killed their courage and gave new life to their legs.
Yavn could barely see his hands before his face, let alone the outline of Thalla just ahead. His eyes had not acclimatised to the dark, for the gloom seemed to be growing thicker as time wore on, bringing with it the fresh fear of blindness. Instead he followed the quick patters of Thallas steps, but even they were hard to follow, faint and feeble against the backdrop of frequent wolf howls. 
We cannot keep running, he said at last, his voice jumping as they made their sightless way down the ravine. Stumbling in the wilderness of shadow, Yavn knew not if they were heading back into Boror, into the belt of trees known as the Dead Wood, or, indeed, into Feloklin, where the black tower of Tol-mari would not be seen against the canvas of shade.
I know, Thalla replied, and it was hard to tell from where her voice came, but it is all we can do right now. I do not want to sleep in these lands at night when a wolf may come upon us without our knowing.
Yet I do not fancy running right into the jaws of one, Yavn said, for who am I with a map at day, let alone mapless at night? And even if we are travelling towards the Chasm, how are we to know the others will come this way?
We cannot know, Thalla admitted. But where we were heading is the only thing that all of us knew ere the wolves came. Wisdom would see us meet there again, and may fate grant it to the wise.
The mention of the wise made Yavn painfully aware of the Beldarian around his neck, for it had been tingling there for some time, but now it seemed hot, burning a reminder into him. Why not? he thought. She would not see, not in this dark. He unbuttoned the top of his shirt and took the pendant out to glance at. He could see naught until he brought it right before his eyes, whereupon he saw a faint wisp of red in the beldar gem. Then it grew suddenly intense, like the lighting of an oil lamp.
What is that light? Thalla called.
Stricken with panic, Yavn shoved the Beldarian back into his shirt. What light? he said, his voice wavering. I ... Perhaps it is the first light of dawn. Yes, its dawn.
Maybe we can sleep then, she called back to him. I do not want to travel at night and sleep away the day.
And so they clambered in the dark for each others hands, and they clasped them and lay down in a crevice in the rock. There they fell into a deep and heedless slumber, comforted by the warmth in each others bodies. Dawn came, but not for many hours, and they were still in the clutches of sleep as it passed.

*     *     *

Day is the Comforter, Dlin said as the sun rose. He was first to greet it, speaking an Old Arlinaic prayer.
Hail, indeed! HerrDon said, shifting from his not so comfortable rock bed. Even the great weariness of an endless walk is more restful than this supposed resting place. I would that we came unto Eridl ere now, for there, at least, the Plains are flat, not rugged and jagged like these forks and knives of rock!
You are obviously more accustomed to beds of linen, Aralus remarked. For is that not the rightful place of a prince? If you were forced into the wild, then your body would have grown accustomed to its ways, be they calm or full of crags.
I felt no rock last night, Ifferon said, for I was too deep in slumber. But that rest I shall surely pay for now, for my back is as jagged as the rock it lay against.
They began a new day away from the Vigil of Tol-mari, and they heard no cries or howls of wolves, nor, indeed, the sound of anything else upon the rocky downs. They travelled swiftly, following the direction of the sun, and stopped only twice, once to tend to Dlins wounded hand, which he had tried to ignore long enough, and the other for a short rest and lunch. Before midday had come they journeyed many miles, but still there was no sight of their lost companions.

*     *     *

Yavn awoke to find Thalla already stirring, yet still she laid there in his embrace. Good morning, she said. He grinned widely and his face shone as brightly as the sun, which had been shining for many hours.
After a few wordless moments, Thalla ran her hand across his chest until her fingers met with the cold, hard stone of the Beldarian, hidden deep within his vestments. He had forgotten to button up, so the chain was visible.
What is this? she quizzed, her voice trembling.
This? Yavn asked in reply, the quaver in his voice more noticeable than Thallas. He quickly drew back and fastened the top button of his shirt. Oh, that ... thats just ... thats just something my father gave me years ago, a kind of lucky talisman. Helps keep the wolves away from the stables.
I guess it did not help against those wolves last night, Thalla said.
Well, the most beautiful mare is still safe, Yavn replied. Thats all that matters to me.
She smiled. Can I see it?
Panic seized him and whispered dark thoughts. It clutched his heart and strangled the words that came flooding to his throat. I ... no, Im sorry. Its kind of a family heirloom, and were a bit ... protective about it. You see, only the bearer is to look upon it or ... or its power will dissipate into the air and be lost forever.
Do you think you will return to being a stableboy? Will you really need it?
The fear still held him, flushing his face red and forcing him to perspire. Its sentimental. Id like to give it to my brother when I return to Boror, if I dont remain as a stableboy. Maybe I will be an adventuring bard, singing songs of my exploits.
I like that, Thalla said. That is what attracted me to HerrDon at first. He was so gallant and adventurous, and he recited verse to me at times, though they were not his own. But it was enough to make any woman swoon.
Does he make you swoon now?
I do not know, she sighed. I would like to say yes, but then part of me would like to say no.
Is that the part of you thats with me now? Yavn asked. Is that the stronger part?
I do not know, Yavn. If truth be told, I have never been so confused. Things have not been great with HerrDon. I mean, his first love is really himself. And his second is probably Dlin, or at least the whole notion of being an honourable knight. I do not really know how far down the list I actually lie. But I guess I took it for granted. I never thought about it before, never really considered my options. I never had options before. Sorrow marred her face and flooded her eyes, and it looked as though she was fighting back a painful memory. I was with him and that was it, the end of the story. It is different now.
Im glad it is, Yavn said.
She smiled and kissed him, and then withdrew again with a curious look in her eyes. I did not know you had a brother, she said.
Oh, Yavn squeaked. The fear returned. Yes, I ... I just didnt talk about him.
And I thought you were an orphan, she recalled. I thought you did not know who your mother and father were.
The panic spread, taking his voice. He gulped hard. I ... Well ... you see ... he gave me the talisman when I was really young and then left before I got to know him. The same with my mother.
Oh, she said. That is very sad. She hugged him again, but the curious look did not leave her eyes.

*     *     *

Aha! Aralus cried. Who might these two be?
Thalla and Yavn stood up swiftly and stepped away from one another, but already HerrDon had seen them, as had the others who came down into the ravine.
So it seems they have been scratching! Aralus said, and he laughed aloud, before spitting out a greasy strand of hair that had gone into his mouth.
HerrDon glowered at Aralus, then at Yavn, and then at Thalla. It seemed as though he struggled with his fury, for he tried to speak, but then turned and walked away with anger in his strides. Ifferon heard him mumble to himself, but he could not understand his wrathful words.
Dlin shook his head. Is youth so tempting?
Judge me as you will, Thalla replied, but she could not endure their stares, so she clambered up and walked away.
So we found them, Aralus observed, and now weve split up again. This is, I must say, a rather entertaining bunch. Im glad I get to tag along.
But they did not split up, for Dlin and Aralus followed HerrDon and brought him back, and Yavn and Ifferon did the same for Thalla. The two did not speakHerrDon out of anger, Thalla out of guilt.
We must continue on, Dlin told them. If there is aught to be done about this, let it be done when the Calari dictate. Doom lies ever the closer, but let it not lie festering in the pits of our hearts.
They ventured further into Telarym, trudging closer to the River Soldm and the Chasm-bridge that lay across it. Strange birds were aflight, circling in the sky, and it seemed to the company that they were being led closer to the Chasm, as if the birds had been expecting them.
Thus they came to the Chasm of Issar before nightfall, spotting a familiar figure sitting in wait amidst the gloaming.
I thought you would never arrive, Elitha said, and they saw her resting on a slab of rock by the bridge. Your race is a slow one, both in mind and leg, it seems. What, indeed, did ala see in your creation? But tarry not to answer that, for it is time we kept to our journey.
So I see youve been relaxing here while we were being hunted by the wolves, Aralus said. So brave you are, Elly, in the flurry of your flight, and so very loyal, lacking any will to search for the scattered.
I lack not the will, she replied, yet she did not stir from her seat, for I sent out birds to find you all, though, indeed, it may be true to say that I lacked the will to find you, Aralus. Why I have not slain you already is beyond my ken, for you are wilder than the worst of beasts, and the earth would be thankful for the ridding of you. But mercy is a gift that few of the algarth possess, and thus I feel all the more honoured to grant it.
Mercy, Aralus scoffed. Letting me live long enough to hear you speak is not mercy but cruelty, dear Elly. Regardless, I need not your mercy, nor the mercy of any who walk upon Iraldas.
Yet you still need the mercy of ala, the Ferian replied. For were it not for the mercy of he, Iraldas would not accept your footsteps.

*     *     *

Thus they found the last of their companions, and their quest was restored. They rested at the brink of the Chasm, peering now and then into the great gorge below. It was not long before the curtain of night was pulled across the sky, and then they saw little in the canyon, yet the sound of its ravaging waters continued long into the night and into the caverns of their dreams.
Light broke through the curtain swiftly the next morning, but it did not shine as brightly as it had the day before. The company awoke early, for Elitha bid them cross the Chasm and the Plains of Eridl before the next night fell, but many were unhappy to be greeted by such a dour sight.
And another day dawns with less light than the last, Aralus moaned, standing on the brink of the Chasm beside HerrDon. 
Perhaps my prayers were not strong enough, Dlin said, shaking his head. He began another silent appeal to the Lord and Lady.
These rocks are old and ragged, Aralus pointed out, peering into the Chasm and kicking dust over the edge, like dear Elly, and they hold wisdom that she can never know, but I sense there is something lurking here that I do not wish to meet. If we happen upon anything, slay it without question, HerrDon.
I would have it no other way, the prince replied, patting the handle of his sword. Slay now, bray later. But I notice that you want me to do all the slaying, eh? I cannot blame you, in truth, for when theres slaying to do, who better to call upon than HerrDon the Great?
My thoughts exactly! Aralus said, smiling a crooked smile. Though possibly slightly influenced by lethargy and fear of being eaten alive.

*     *     *

After they packed their things they gathered near the bridge, where Ifferon kept his eyes on the jagged rocks that jutted out from the walls of the gulf below. The billowing water splashed up, and he could almost make out where giant clumps of stone were hurled upwards into the faces of the cliffs on either side. He gulped harshly.
This bridge should take the weight of four of us, though no more without risking our safety, Elitha explained. Ifferon, Yavn, Thalla, and I shall go first, for we are the lightest, I deem. HerrDon, make sure the ropes on this end remain stable.
They will not budge now that HerrDon the Great holds them! he bellowed, his voice echoing into the Chasm.
Ill help, Aralus said. I wouldnt like to see my favourite Ferian come to any harm.
I will help, Dlin said, noting her intent glare.
Elitha placed a wary foot upon the first plank. Ifferon closed his eyes, but he could not close his ears to the creaking of the weathered wood. Elithe stepped forward again, her hand holding tightly to the single hand rope to her right. She balanced her weight with her other arm outstretched, wavering with each footfall and ominous creak. Ifferon could no longer endure his imagination and so he opened his eyes again. He looked down and saw where the other hand rope had fallen, a thin line strewn across the scree far below.
Keep moving, Elitha called.
Aye! HerrDon shouted. Do not fear. Youd hardly make a dent in the ground if you fell from here.
Thank you, Ifferon said. I was just contemplating what sort of mark my corpse would make on the ground below.
Yes, yes, enough banter, Dlin said. I fear this bridge may collapse from old age as we talk.
More walking, less talking, HerrDon added.
Yavn stepped forward, grabbing the rope with both hands and stepping out quickly without bobbing his head to look down. He continued on, watching the back of Elitha as she slowly advanced across the bridge.
Thalla followed, though she was more hesitant, and she whispered something to calm herself before gazing over the edge of the precipice. She stepped back, bumping into Ifferon, and then eased out, making that first trembling step, the appearance of which made Ifferon uneasy. He mustered what little courage he had and stepped forward, following behind her. The journey was slow and the fury of nature seemed against them, unleashing a torrent of winds that whipped and lashed at them, slaying their balance and burying their courage. At these moments they grabbed the rope firmly and closed their eyes. When the wind died down, they found that they remained on the bridge, shattered and shivering, but still living. To Ifferon the gaping ground and ravaging waters below seemed to hint and taunt at him with a subtle beckon to miss a footfall or lose a grip, but that only made him cling tighter and make every wary step with the fullness of his attention.
But after the third heavy wind had come and gone, Ifferon heard voices from behind. He looked back and saw HerrDon trying to keep Aralus off the bridge, but already Aralus had placed a foot upon the first plank, defying HerrDons commands. The bridge creaked and the rope grew tense. Thalla shrieked, Yavn froze, and Elitha turned sharply as she tried to make out what was going on. The creaking grew louder and Ifferon felt the tension form in the wood below. The ground and the waters seemed to smile at him in bleak anticipation.
The bridge is breaking! Go! he screamed, but Yavn did not move, and Thalla shoved him in the shoulder as she joined in Ifferons pleas. Elitha charged forward, almost reaching the end of the bridge, but then a large wooden moan came about them and she yelped as the force of the ropes swing pulled her back. The bridge collapsed down from the opposite side and Ifferons arms wrapped around the hand rope. The air whisked through him, catching his breath. The rope swung down, and he could see Thalla slide down until she met the sheer fear of Yavns grip. Elitha was but a momentary figure in the distance below, slipping from view as the brutality of the cliff-face took his body. His grip loosened and he fell a little, tangling around the rope even more. He screamed and caught it again, though now his hold was weak and strained. He looked up and tried to regain some strength, and there he saw Aralus hanging upside down, his right foot caught precariously between two wooden planks. Further up were HerrDon and Dlin pulling the rope with all their might, but even they were slipping, and a river of dust washed over Aralus and Ifferon as HerrDons boots scraped off the ground above. He coughed and choked, and his strength grew weaker.

*     *     *

Elitha swung to and fro on the end of the rope, her hands burning, though moistened by the spit and froth of the rampaging waters below. Her feet kicked as rocks and stones hurled upwards, as if thrown by some malevolent spirit in the gorge. One stone sliced past and caught her face. She slipped further, but managed to pull herself up again, biting her lip to distract her from the sharp sting in her cheek.
Then figures emerged from the water below, hands and bodies created in the waves. They came so sudden and yet so subtle that in moments it seemed as though there was a river of dismembered body parts, all toiling and crashing and tugging upwards, as if to escape the mayhem of the rapids. The arms grew longer and the hands grew bigger as they reached ever upwards, grey and blue, stretching out to maul and take her. She shrieked and kicked, and a few of her winged companions came fluttering down, howling at the hands, biting and clawing at them as they tried to consume Elitha. But they too were consumed as the fluid fingers wrapped around them and pulled the screeching birds under, until there was but the din of the waters and the rocks.
Then Elitha heard a shout from above, and she looked up to see that Yavn was falling, only one faltering hand keeping him in place. Yavn! someone called, though she could not tell who over the tumult of the gorge. A splatter of blood dropped onto her face and she saw that an outcrop of rock had torn through his arm. His moans came slowly down into the chaos and he slipped further and further until, to her shock, his hand let go completely and his lumbering body plummeted down on top of her. There she also lost her grip and came down with him, and as she felt several groping hands come about her, she looked up to see the others falling. The water rose up around her, steaming and frothing, and she struggled to keep her breath as more tumbling bodies joined the liquid fray.

XV  REVELATIONS ON THE RIVER EDGE



The waters took them and tore them and threw them. It ate them whole in canyon jaws with riverbed teeth and spit them out like pebbles when their bones had been crushed and their skin torn like old parchment. But it did not spit them all out.
Light crept warily into Ifferons mind. It stung like nettles and burned like fire, but most of all it seemed to dash inside his head and pound against his brain with iron fists. His eyes blazed, but he felt a coolness across the left side of his head and cheek,  and then the coarseness of stone against his skin. He jerked when a sudden sharp pain shot through his leg from the bowl of his foot to the tip of his knee. He froze until the pain died down, but when he stirred again it returned with even greater intensity. Stillness was his friend now. He laid motionless, hoping and praying silently.
But there were no answers to his prayers and no sound to be heard but for the ringing in his ears. The wind had died down, and there was no tumult and tumble of stone and limb and foam. But there was pain, and it reared its ugly head, flashed its wicked teeth and smiled its fiercest smile. Ifferon could not lay there any longer. There did not seem to be anyone around. He was alone with his pain and his torment, and the sun was beating down on him with harsh red rays.
You ... have to ... get up! he told himself, spitting the words against the dust and the dirt just inches from his face. He could hear the screech of carrion crows in the air above, could hear the flap of their wings against the wind. They will eat you alive if you dont get up. The sun will cook you crisp. Get up! He grabbed a rock a foot or two from his head and dug his nails in deep. Then he pushed hard against it until he was leaning on his elbow, holding himself up just long enough to survey his surroundings.
There was rock. It was amber in the glare of sunlight and looked as though it were also frying in the heat. He thought he smelled smoke, but he also smelled the blood that had clogged his nostrils, that had trickled down his head in a river of red; it was also in his eyes, blinding him, stinging him, blocking out his view. He rubbed them until he could see more clearly. It looked as though he were in a maze of rock and stone, but that thought quickly dissipated when he turned to see what lay behind him. There he saw a lake against the backdrop of the canyon wall, and twisting from the lake was the River Soldm, calm and tranquil away from the rapids of Issars Chasm.
You are lucky to be alive, a voice called. Ifferon turned to find Dlin standing there, leaning on his greatsword for support. Behind the knight he saw a blur of the others, resting around a makeshift fire. A bump on the head is a small price to pay for surviving the Chasm of Issar, Dlin added, pointing to his helmet on the ground, which had a large dent in it. And for all of us too. We walk with mere scratches and bruises. I would say that it is the charm of the Lady herself, though she be far from here, but I am not sure, for there were dark things in the water, things that should not have been.
Taar, Elitha said. She was mending the thalgarth that she previously wore upon her back. Only parts of it had survived the gorge and she was making use of whatever wood she could find. I saw a thousand hands of foam and water claw and tear at me. I have no doubt that they were the limbs of Taar, foul water-dwellers that they are.
Aye, HerrDon agreed. The Taar are well-known for their treachery. They are in league with the Beast and would have had us all buried on the ocean floor were it not for the heroic swimming skills of a certain prince, who, in the hour of need, when his companions were in danger
Baulked and squirmed and choked on water, Aralus interjected.
pulled them all to shore, HerrDon finished, waving his still soaking cloak dangerously close to the fire. It was nothing really.
Because he did nothing, Aralus said.
Alas! We cannot rejoice overly, Dlin said. For not all made it to shore.
Ifferon suddenly realised that there was only Dlin, HerrDon, Elitha, and Aralus there. Thalla and Yavn were missing.
Yavn did not make it, Dlin told him. The water took him.
The Taar took him, Elitha said. Make no doubt about it.
Ifferons heart sank, as if to join Yavn at the bottom of the river. A moment of mourning passed in silence. And Thalla? he asked.
She is not taking it well, Elitha said. They must have been close.
HerrDon glared at her. Its just the shock. She still needs to dry off. Ha, sure she even thought I deliberately failed to bring him out of the water. Me! Fail? Ha! Obviously the Taar found something attractive about him. It might have been his shadow self.

*     *     *

They searched around the river and lake for Yavn, some wading into the water while others looked amidst the reeds. Long and tiring hours passed and they were all the time urged by Thalla to look again, to go over each place they had already rummaged through a dozen times before. They found no stableboy, nor any sign of himno footprints, no marks upon the soil or pieces of torn clothing caught in twigs or upon jutting rocks of the Shallow Lake. The land bore no rumour of him, as if he had never been there at all.
Perhaps he grabbed some rock back yon, Dlin suggested, pointing towards the gorge which was now many leagues behind them.
Or perhaps the rock grabbed him, Aralus said, and minced him up on the river bed. But alas! Where is the blood that will prove my tale?
Nowhere to be seen by eyes that see truth, Dlin replied.
What truth, dear knight? Aralus asked. Who speaks truth to your eyes, and do these speakers tell of the boy clinging to an outcrop while the water rages by? No, I think you speak of guesswork, whereas truth might more readily speak of spilled blood.
But Dlin ignored him, turning to Thalla and Ifferon. My heart tells me that he is yet alive.
My heart, Aralus began, tells me that he is dead. Do you listen to Dlin because it is truth or because it is what you want to hear?
Let us search further up the river, for he may have been washed down further than us, Ifferon said.
 They began another long search, the arduous toil of lifting stone and filing through bush, the onerous slog of reaching into mires and straining sight for hint or clue. Further south they came, following the bending river, but there was nothing to be seen along the banks.
Just as their final hopes began to dwindle, Elitha saw a figure in the distance, lying washed up upon the shore. She could not tell who it was, and so they drew closer to it. The land was barren there, devoid of root or reed. There was stone, cold and murky. And then the body.
Look! Theres a man! HerrDon said.
Its Yavn! Its Yavn! Thalla screamed. She fawned and grasped at HerrDon with trembling arms, and then bit deep into the index finger of her left hand, all the while shaking her head from side to side to deny the truth of what she claimed.
They raced towards it, but the closer they got the more they realised that it was but a corpse, that it had been half eaten away by flies and maggots. Grass and hair mingled with blood and torn cloth, and it seemed that the figure was almost beyond identification. The smell was horrid, forcing them to cover their noses and mouths.
Let us hope it is not the youth, Dlin said, but his voice was not hopeful.
Thalla raced over to the slumped figure and knelt down beside it. Grief seized her and held her like the haunted, wounded her like a widow. Yavn ... no Yavn, you cannot be dead, you cannot be
Yavn, Ifferon said in shock, the name slipping from his mouth like a final breath. They turned the body over. You cannot be Yavn, Ifferon said, joining Thalla in her lament. Its not Yavn. Its not him. Its
Belnavar! HerrDon cried.

XVI  THE PLAINS OF ERIDL



They looked upon the ruins of Belnavars body in shock and disgust. His hair, which had once been long and tied firmly in a ponytail, was now thin and wild, as if it was ripped from its roots, and it was pasted to his head and face with water and blood. One of his eyes was still open, but the pupil was pale; it looked as though a moment of shock had been caught and crystallised there, undoubtedly the shock of the fall into the Chasm and the sudden clawing hands of Taar fiends. His clothes, most elegant of Bororian style, were torn and shredded; as was his skin, for deep cuts and gashes had been ripped across his limbs and torso. Ifferon could not endure the sight for long and was forced to look away.
Belnavar, HerrDon said, shaking his head. He placed his hand, half reluctantly, upon Belnavars shoulder. By the Light of Olagh and all things good, what has become of you?
It seems he took a little tumble into the Chasm and has now become carrion for the birds, Aralus explained. His mouth is mangled, but perhaps his ghost will tell a tale or two.
Dlin glowered at him, but Aralus did not baulk. HerrDon was too lost in his sorrow to take much heed of the man, but Ifferon feared that the prince might feed anger with his grief and not hold back.
Yet Ifferons thoughts were quickly replaced by another concern. I thought he was with Teron? he asked.
Aye, HerrDon said. I bid him reclaim Larksong and then come here to Telarym. Would that I had not made such a request.
Dlin placed his gauntleted hand upon HerrDons shoulder. Do not blame yourself for this dark day, for the sun will shine not by Mans command but that of the Calari, who we know so little of, and who, I deem, join us now in mourning.
Ifferon still mused about the head-cleric, the man who had hindered his studies and hounded his footsteps for ten years. Despite the distrust that had grown inside him, a part of him was sorrowful that Teron might have met a similar grim end.
But HerrDon was not concerned about Teron or what might have become of him in the Chasm that had claimed his friend. This wounds me deeply, he said, and HerrDon the Great does not wound easily. Nor, indeed, does Belnavar the Braveheart. Valiant and vicious he was in life, ever a sight to behold in battle and the quiet of battles aftermath. But now ... now I can barely set my eyes upon him. This is an evil day, a day of devils! The closer we get to Nahragor, the more torment and turmoil engulfs us, as if our very stepping into Telarym was a step down the ladder of doom. It was bane to cross the Issar Chammas!
I knew Belnavar less personally than you, Dlin said. But strongly do I feel this loss, and not merely for the loss of a good man I would call a friend. No, it is the loss of a good man that I would call a friend of all good people here in Iraldas. It troubles me greatly to see men of such strength and valour in such an awful state in such a dismal place.
Well, at least its not Yavn, Aralus said. Right?
A life cannot be traded for another, Dlin said. We cannot say better one than the other when neither were better in life, and none of us are better in death.
Pardon me for trying to cheer you up then! Here you all were screaming and shouting Yavn! Yavn! Oh, Olagh save me, dont be Yavn! And now that its not him, you get all grumpy and moody? Then fine, if we cant search for the comfortable, lets search for the truth. Yavn was mauled by the Taar, sliced his head open on the river bed, tore his limbs off on the rocks, spilled his blood upon the rivers edge, and is now making a rather fitting dinner for a family of crows who havent feasted on a stableboy in years. Is that a better tale to tell of him?
Thalla gave a horrified scream, turning to tears and fleeing from the group. Dlin followed her, fearful that she might run into danger or might, in the moment of torment, do herself some evil mischief. HerrDon would have ran after her as well, but there was also the threat that he would do himself harm, it seemed, for sorrow had gripped him tight.
You have a wicked way with words, Aralus, Elitha snapped. You sicken me. I hope you all realise his nature now, if you were not wise to it before.
Im not the one trying to steal an evil moment for my own ends, Aralus said. I would not use the death of HerrDons friend to prove the iniquity of your heart. Speak of sickness all you will, but speak it of yourself.

*     *     *

Ifferon and Elitha searched for Yavn and Teron in the vicinity, rummaging through bushes and braving the waters of the Soldm once again. Every leaf and stone was overturned, but they returned fruitless. They found that HerrDon and Aralus had dug a grave for Belnavar and buried his body there, though many feet away from the rivers edge where he was found. Still the smell of rotting flesh filled their nostrils, but they tried to keep their composure. They stood around the grave mound in an unpleasant silence.
After a time the quiet was broken by HerrDons voice, worn and wavering:
	
Belnavar! Dear Belnavar! 
What has become of you?
Last I looked upon your face,
It was fair and it was true.
Why does the wind speak ill
Of how you met your fate?
We made a pact to meet you here,
And now you meet us late.

Thus ended the verbal elegy, though grief still lived in the depths of their bones for some time to come. They parted from the knoll where Belnavar had been laid to rest, thenceforth called Amrenan Adelis, the Mound of Mourning, in the tongue of Old Arlinaic. The name was not merely to mark the place of the fall of Belnavar, but where all the company were marred with sadness, knowing that they must leave their search for Yavn and Teron behind, fearing that they too had joined the warrior in death.
There is little else we can do, Dlin said softly. Would that we could find their bodies and honour their deaths, but we may be searching for days, if eer we found them at all. We cannot bury them, but let us not bury our quest in their stead. Let not their death be the death of our journey, for Agon would have it all in vain.
They knew his words were true, and so they gave a solemn nod of acceptance. The dirge was done, and all that was left was a penitent silence.

*     *     *

The day passed slowly, so much so that some of the company almost appealed for the dark of night, for then they might rest and appease their sorrows in the realm of dream. But that did not yet come, and many miles passed before they came unto the Plains of Eridl, though they seldom knew it, for the land had changed ever so subtly over the course of many leagues. Now the land was flat, opening out in a vast expanse that spanned unto the horizon. Dim shapes of remote rocks or isolated bands of trees could be seen far off in the distance, but they meant nothing to the travellers, for there was nothing in their vicinity.
Just as they began to fall into a dullness of mind, trudging endlessly across the land, Elitha stopped them, raising her golden hand. This is very odd indeed, she said, and she stooped so that she could see closely the little tufts of grass that grew here and there on the plain.
What do you see? Dlin asked, stepping up and kneeling down to join her. His armour made a clang as he bent down, and she looked at him harshly.
Less now that you have knelt within my light, she replied, and less again now that you have knelt upon the very things I was looking at.
The knight raised an eyebrow and slowly repositioned himself on the grass. The others came to join him, though they did not draw close, for fear of being admonished by the Ferian.
A knight indeed, Aralus said as he hunched down beside them. To date Ive seen more scolding of the Trueblade than the other way round.
Silence, serpent, Elitha said, and she turned her intent gaze toward the others. Then her voice grew hush, as if she were about to tell some secret to the huddled company that only their ears must hear. These are waylays.
Waylays? Dlin quizzed.
Ferian-feet, Ifferon explained. Well, that is the local phrase in Boror.
And not quite an accurate one, Elitha said,  scorn in her tongue. The waylays are not the feet of my kin but the footprints, and even then that speaks not the fullness of them, for they are marks that may be left without the press of foot.
Oh, I do love a riddle, Aralus said. Speak on!
If you look closely, the Ferian said, pointing to a bunch of tiny crushed flowers hidden amidst the grass, you will see that the land is alive here where naught should grow so fair. Here is srithel, which Man might call starfire, and she picked a strange many-petalled flower, yellow in the centre, with a wiry red weed that grew in tufts upon its stem. She held it not for long, for it was warm to the touch. And here, the lellanel, the longbell, which is found seldom outside Ferian lands. She held a thin blue flower with a large stem and a long, slender bell-shaped crown, drooping with the weight. As she picked it there was a tiny twinkle in the air, as if there was a tiny bell ringing.
Best not announce ourselves, Aralus said. Id hate to die for a flower.
There shall be no need, Elitha responded. For these alone are announcement enough. They are left by the feet of Ferian, for it has long been known that wherever a Ferian goes, there shall blossom a fruitful field. Telarym needs this, there is no doubt, but its time has not yet come, and all this serves is to declare that many Ferian have come through here.
Many? HerrDon asked. Why?
I know not the reason, but I know near the number, for there are none who can leave no mark upon the land that some of keener sight can see. Light is our step, yet not light enough to evade the sight of one who knows the signs. A large number passed this way from the west. It is great wonder that we did not encounter them, for my guess is that they came past the Peak of the Wolf not many days ago, though perhaps they took the southernmost road. It is an even greater wonder that they come here at all, for I was sent as algarth to Telarym to espy what I could, and the Matriarchate in Westhaven would do naught without the counsel of my observations. That, however, is not the greatest wonder.
What is? Ifferon questioned. All drew close with curiosity, as equally baffled as the next, wondering if even Elitha could solve the riddle she had told.
I know the number that came by from subtle marks upon the ground and grass, and I doubt not my guess. But the waylays are not of this number, for there are too few, from perhaps one or two Ferian, and what puzzles me most is that they should not be here at all, for they are a product of Low Age, and we outgrow them as we come unto High Age, where they become faint and we learn to control what little is left upon the land. For us Ferian, of the algarth especially, know the danger that waylays leave, for where is secrecy and stealth when flowers and trees sprout up about ones feet? 
But hearken! I know not the answer to this mystery, but whatever the reason, the waylays are dangerous, for they are like breadcrumbs to the evil things that hunt our steps.

*     *     *

They continued on, following the winding trail of strange growth, but soon they came close to a small forest, which, although seemingly new in life, had grown vast and thick, with curling branches, twisting and winding their way upwards in a brave protest toward the lifeless sky. This was one of the tiny specks they had seen on the horizon, yet up close it was wide and tall, and it was still growing, subtly expanding into the emptiness of the Plains. The life that bloomed there was small comfort to the strangeness of this sudden growth.
Have forests sprung from the footprints of Ferian like this? Dlin asked, peering into the gloom of the trees. This seems too good a sign to be true, for life to grow sudden in the wastes of Telarym. My heart longs for this beauty.
It is uncommon, Elitha said. I have not seen or heard it happening in these days, but there are songs about it in the Age of Galar Pelass long ago, when Ferian and Al-Ferian were one, and the land was young and strong. But this is strange to me, and I am reluctant to welcome it, for I know not its source.
Worry not! HerrDon said. For no tree is mighty enough to hold back the Great. Let us test this New-wood, which I deem shall be its name from now on.
If now leads to on, Aralus said, and not to Hals.
Even in Hals my voice shall speak undaunted, HerrDon replied.
And thus they passed under the boughs of the New-wood, and it was dark within, where the canopy of the trees acted as a second veil to the one within the sky. They clambered through, for only Elitha could see through the dim, and the roots and branches tangled here and there like the webs of great spiders, catching the company and slowing their advance. The very touch of the wood was unusual, for it caused a little shock within them, as if the sap of these trees was lightning.
They came out from the blindness of the trees soon enough, for it was, as Elitha had guessed, not very thick, and when their eyes had been graced again with the dim light of the Telarym sky they stopped in shock.
Sprawled about the Plain were dead bodies, hundreds of them, their heads and arms cleaved off, their armour dinted, their bodies bearing the countless poisoned arrows of Nahlin hordes. Blood leaked and lingered there in crawling patterns, like little webs of their own, trapping crows and other carrion-birds. And there, further up, was a young boy of seven years or less, sitting silently on a rock. His head was buried in his hands, and, by the looks of him, he was of Al-Ferian lineage, though there was something strange about his attire, and of that of the countless dead around him. An ominous note was upon the air, like the echo of battle, and it lingered there with the threat of more to come.
On the earths poor soul, what evil did this? Elitha cried. But there came no answer. Blood dripped silently and singed the grass, and the intricately designed helmets of the guards lay in piles, while sword and bow alike were strewn unevenly as they fell. The boy did not stir.
I hold much distrust of the Al-Ferian, but this ... this is too horrid a sight for me to wish upon anyone, Elitha said. We algarth, at least, pay some honour to those we kill.
But you did wish it, did you not? Aralus said. By damning me and those who would harbour my kind.
You are not Al-Ferian, you beast! And those who would harbour your kind would not be venturing here in such numbers, and would never bring one of Low Age.
Dlin noticed the boy now, for shock had numbed him, and he ran through the maze of bodies towards the child. The boy did not flinch, nor did he look up with weeping eyes. He sat frozen, as if some creature had cast a spell upon him. Ifferon followed Dlin, though slowly, for fear of disturbing the dead.
Are you well, child? Dlin asked. 
There was no reply, no movement, no rumour of acknowledgement. It was as if this was the crossing of two worlds, and the boy was but a shadow of one, while they were less than shadows in the other. Silence hung on a gibbet made of air, suspended by some astral hand, the pawn of a god too lofty to comprehend. Ifferon was unsettled by it, for he knew well that it, like the boy, did not belong there, though why he could not say. The silence felt like the anticipation of a primal scream.
Are you well? Dlin repeated, kneeling down before the boy, the sound of leather and steel tearing against the stillness. The scabbard of his sword struck the ground as he knelt. The air shifted subtly, as if the dead had been woken by the noise.
He most likely murdered all of these guards, Aralus suggested. So Im assuming he isnt well, Dlin. Of course, you may come to your own conclusions.
Silence your foul tongue, Aralus, or I will silence it for you! Elitha screamed, and she raised her dagger towards his neck. Your words are tainted and should not be uttered even in the very chambers of Nahragor.
Aralus grabbed the blade with his hands, for it bore into the crevice of his throat. If the boy did not do it, then perhaps it was done by Nahliners? But tell me, dear Elly, why would they kill all these guards and leave the boy alive? They are not known for mercy. Now, would you like to remove your knife from my throat? You have had your say. Will you have my blood as well? Perhaps you wish to show this boy what real murder is?
Elitha grudgingly lowered her weapon, but her eyes bore through him deeper than a dagger could. She turned to join the others, approaching the boy cautiously, for they all feared that there might be some truth in Aralus words.
Look, he bears some strange device, Dlin observed. He lifted up a pendant that hung about the boys neck; it was golden, with red and blue gems buried deep within it. From the necklace hung a small plate of gold, oval in shape, and carved within it was a word in the Ferian style of hand.
And so the dog wears a collar, Aralus said, drawing up beside them.
What is that word? Dlin asked.
Thos, Elitha said, reading the script.
His name?
Perhaps. It means host in our tongue.
We shall call him Thos then, the knight said, until we know better.
Oh, how sweet, Aralus said. Now that weve named the pup, who wants to teach him how to walk?
He does not move, Dlin said. This worries me, for even shock could be shaken off in time, and from my knowledge of battle it seems that these bodies have been here for many days, for decay is upon them. Indeed, it is as if this boys body is in this world, but his spirit is elsewhere.
His clothes are Al-Ferian, Elitha pointed out, and yet there is something odd about them. They are so finely woven that it leads me to believe these guards were to protect himthough why they were slaughtered and he yet lives evades me.
Ill give you my theory, Aralus said.
Youll give nothing but half-truths and lies, Elitha snapped.
Oh, now! Arent you a vicious one with vicious words, dear Elly, and you accuse me of being the viper? Cast your stones against a mirror and do us all a favour by it!
Enough of this, Dlin said. Petty squabbles can be saved for another time more fitting. We have a child to deal with, not just the childish behaviour of people who should know better.
I would tell you my way to deal with this child, Aralus said, but I doubt Id have my tongue by the end of the sentence.
A sentence for a sentence, Elitha said, and your sentence shall be death.
Why, yes, that was going to be my suggestion, dear! Im glad you agree we should kill the child with all haste and be off on our merry way.
I said enough of this! Dlin shouted, or there really will be death to deal here, and it will not be this child. Heaven forbid that notion, and wisdom forbid the mention of it in a foot of my hearing again.
What then do we do? Ifferon asked. While death was clearly not an option, he feared this child, though there was no obvious logic to that fear. The ominous anticipation still clung to him as if it were a morning dew, yet it hinted at a night of darkness never seen before in Iraldas.
Leave him here, Aralus said. He will be an undue burden. Let the Al-Ferian send scouts to recover him.
Leave him here? Ifferon questioned. You cannot be serious.
He is but a lamb, Dlin said. No man of honour would leave a lamb in the land of wolves and think he had taken the better choice.
The better choice was death, Aralus reminded them, nodding towards Elitha as if it were her idea.
Then you are a wolf no different than the rest, Dlin said.
Play the role of honour all you will, knight, but wisdom trumps honour, and wisdom suggests we leave this strange happening to the fate of the Calari, while we carry out the fate of Man as we dictate.
For once, I agree with the hooded scoundrel, Elitha said, clenching her teeth. Though I suspect not for the same reasons. If we bring him, he will bring us to oblivion, for he cannot control his waylays. We cannot afford to spring trees in such an empty place so close to the heart of evil and think that none will notice.
Then I will carry him, Dlin said. As long as need be, but I refuse to leave him here. What manner of evil could beseech him here in the emptiness? Already he has seen much darkness, and I will not leave him here to encounter more.
And where do you think were going? HerrDon asked. Were not going to tend the gardens and mend the fences! Were heading towards the Black Bastion. He has already seen much darkness, as you said, so why bring him there to see more?
It seems that I am beseeched on all sides on this matter, Dlin said. Has honour departed from you all?
Not all, Thalla said. We lost two friends already, and we lost them by some evil fate. My heart would altogether crumble to know that we left another, an innocent child, to the mauling hands of that same fate.
And mine, Thalla, the knight said. I cannot leave him here, nor can I send him alone to Arlin or Boror. Sending him back to the Al-Ferian lands is no option either, for the Vigil of Tol-mari would find him swiftly.
I agree, Ifferon said. We cannot leave him here like a beacon to beasts. Perhaps the Garigt will offer him sanctuary. They are often kind to those outside their kin.
Then bring him! Elitha snapped. But your arms better not tire, knight, for I will not have death on our trail, a trail of Al-Ferian waylays. Our mission must go ahead as planned, with no delays. I would see the Siege of Nahragor ere long, and my patience is waning. Time has already eluded us, and if this is whats left of such a large Al-Ferian group, then the Matriarchate will want news of the Black Bastion itself.
I have carried many fallen comrades over long distances, and their weight was greater than a child, Dlin said. My strength will not fail me, nor my will to see this mission through. If aught were to fail, it is the honour of some that I walk with. He glared at Aralus.
 Aye, well said, Trueblade, well said! HerrDon said, nodding intently. One road or another, we will come to Nahragor, and we will knock at the Gate until a clangour reaches down to the Halls of Hals itself! And now, let us get onto one road, or we will be stuck admiring the lofty HerrDon and whence he gets these brilliant speeches. Sally forth, no matter where forth may lay!
Dlin pulled the scabbard of his longsword around to his back, until it struck the case of his two-handed sword. Then he extended his hand and gently nudged the boys head up. Thos did not resist, nor seem to even notice that they were there. Beneath his green headband, intricately adorned with strange heraldry and elaborate leaf motifs, were frozen grey eyes, as solemn and downcast as the clouded sky. He was Al-Ferian, without doubt, and yet he seemed even foreign to their race.
Dlin wrapped his arm around the boys waist while using the other to keep his balance, for his armour and weapons were heavy. He pressed against a rock to push himself up, cradling the boy as if he were some treasure of Arlin. 
To Nahragor then, Dlin said, hauling Thos up and over his shoulder. Let us hope the Garigt have built dwellings, for I would not bring this child to battle.
Let us hope he does not bring battle to us, Elitha said, and her words lived on like an omen in their minds.

*     *     *

The group set out again, their number restored, though none of them wished to have this strange Al-Ferian boy in place of Yavn, who seemed more playful in his life than Thos was while now still young.
The child consumed all of Dlins thought. He carried Thos over his shoulder as if he were a sack of meal, but at times he placed the boy upon the ground to rest, and to take his helm from his head and wipe his brow upon his sleeve. Then he would see anew the strangeness of the boys appearance. His hair was long and golden, straight upon his crown and curled towards the back of his head, where it seemed to grow wild. It also fell in great thickets upon his brow, with one or two large curls slipping into his eyes, and his ears were buried so that they were only seen when a fierce wind set his hair askew. It seemed that the boys hair was of a strange make, for at times it looked like grass, some strands dancing in the breeze like light, fair pasture, and others appearing like coarse hay, dry and brittle in the sunlight. On many occasions Dlin thought that a piece of grass or hay had caught in the boys hair, and thus he tried to remove it before quickly ceasing when the boy yelped as a strand of his hair was plucked from his head.
But his hair, tucked into the complex headband, was not the strangest thing about him. His complexion was at once pale and golden, and to look upon him was as if staring through a translucent yellow glass upon a bed of whitest snow. Dlin was familiar with the golden skin tone of the Ferian, but it was said that the Al-Ferian were of a darker shade, not lighter. Indeed, it seemed to the knight that the pallid look upon the boys face was an expression of some inner hurt, as if the very colour of him had been stolen or had leaked from some recent wound. His eyes were grey with blue speckled throughout, and they bore the sadness of aeons, like the memory of the breaking of the world.
Why do you have those queer markings upon your face? the knight asked the boy when he had set him down for the fourth time. Thos bore curled designs on his forehead, cheeks and chin, like the warpaint of the Garigt. The boy did not respond to Dlin and the knight could not tell if he was frightened or simply did not understand his language.
I was wondering that myself, Elitha said. She seemed to have taken special interest in this child, and how Dlin interacted with him. She walked to the side of them, listening intently and offering a word or two when called for. The Al-Ferian sometimes like to mar the body, she told him, but it usually only occurs in two groups of people: the Priests and the Pariahs. The former claim some nonsense about sigils protecting the body, either from the danger without or the danger within, and they devise all manner of elaborate ceremony for the carving of ink into the flesh. The latter group learned their trade from the former, but they mar the body out of open defiance of the Priests and the Matriarchate. I cannot imagine that this child belongs to the latter, unless the Pariahs have become even fouler and have started corrupting their young. And to the former I cannot truly appoint him either, for what is one of Low Age to the Priests of Alimror?
I cannot guess, Dlin said. But it seems that the Al-Ferian valued him somehow, for there would not have been such an escort if he were not important. Ah, but there is the riddle, for why is the escort slain and not that which is escorted? A queer conundrum that I am at once eager to solve and loath of deciphering.

*     *     *

I cannot bear this, HerrDon said as they left the enclosing.
I know, Aralus responded. It is folly.
It is much more than that.
I am guessing you do not like children, Aralus said, holding out his hand as if to remind HerrDon of how small they were. Do not worry overmuch, for I do not like them either. They are too great a burden for one like me to bear. We must be nimble, not weighed down with such worries. And look at how it clouds the judgement of a knight. I know his virtues insist it, but it is an avoidable folly.
You are a callous man, Thalla said as she passed them by. She spoke as if applying it to both of them, but did not wait for their replies. She walked briskly ahead, an indignant stride.
Your girl seems to be getting a little out of hand, Aralus said, laughing.
She is not my girl, HerrDon replied.
I thought ...
Those days are long gone now, it seems.
She broke your heart?
She tore it out with a dagger. I wish she knew what that felt like.
Aralus looked at her and licked his lips. A dagger, he whispered to himself. He turned back to HerrDon. Who was the thief, the one who stole her heart from you?
A youth, HerrDon said, shaking his head as if to rattle the memory from him. A youth!
I hope you did what is done to all thieves in Boror, Aralus said. I hope you removed his fingers for touching your property.
No, HerrDon said. But that was not needed. It was Yavn. He drowned in the Chasm back yon.
Ah, so a happy ending after all! Aralus said, laughing and clapping his hands. And good riddance, eh? I am glad that he is dead, HerrDon. I do not like seeing good men like you with the ill fortune that should belong to lesser folk. 

*     *     *

Dlin set the boy down to walk for a bit, resulting in many stern glances from the harsh hawk eyes of Elitha. But the knight worried little, for he could not see any waylays left by Thos, and if they were there, hidden amidst the brush, he wondered how any creature of Telarym or Nahlin would spot them in the gloom. He removed his helmet and held it by his side, and soon Thos became enraptured by it, for it glinted in the pallid light and held many strange symbols and adornments that caught the childs eye. Thus the boy held the helmet as a toy, and he was struck with wonder, turning it this way and that, yet struggling all the while, for it was heavy and cumbersome to him. He placed it on his head and peered up at the knight from the eye-slits, and Dlin thought he saw a subtle smile within those eyes. While he wore the helm Thos looked like a puppet with a swollen metal head, stumbling and fumbling about while the audience clapped and laughed, as was custom in the Jester-halls of Madenahan. But there was no one clapping or laughing, for many were silently worried about the latest member of their group. A young and innocent child was all he was, perhaps, but the thought that there was a wolf beneath the sheeps clothing was ever present in their minds. 
Do you think he might have killed the guards? Thalla whispered to Ifferon. I know Aralus mentioned it, but I think he was joking. I ... I am not really sure. It just ... Something does not seem right. Maybe he did not mean it. Maybe he is like an Aelora child or something, magic leaking here and there, like the waylays Elitha was talking about. Maybe he got upset and the emotion triggered something, something bad.
I do not think so, Ifferon said. At least, I hope not. If that were so, then we are in more danger than we think. Ever present is the threat of evil from without, but I do not think many of us have given much thought to the evil that might lie within.
Yet for Ifferon that was a constant, nagging thought.

*     *     *

Night drew in with the drawing of each breath and the striding of each leg. It was not long before it had caught up with them, turning the land to darkness once again. The night air was humid and clammy, and the blackness was oppressing; soon they yearned for the dimness of Telarym day, for night on the Plains was bleak and blinding.
The company toiled forth a little further, for there was no cover for rest, but as soon as they came to a ridge of small, starved trees, they stopped and made camp. There the clouds broke as they began their supper, and the moon came out, beaming down on them with a kindly face.
Uldarus is out tonight, Dlin said. Praise and glory to her!
Even in less dim places I find much comfort in the moon, Ifferon said. He basked in her glorious rays, which seemed like the potency of the sun in the midst of darkness.
I know a verse about the moon, Aralus said, sitting up. Perhaps your boy would like to hear it, Dlin? It is a tale about a boy who makes a new friend. Im sure Thos would love it.
If it is a nice tale, the knight said warily.
Aralus came out from the shadows and drew down his hood, exposing his greasy hair to the moonlight, where it gleamed and sparkled. He held his thin arm aloft, as if he were a bard, and then began his verse:

Namn set sight upon the glades
With caps of ice and roofs of snow;
He saw decline in arts and trades,
And withering on the soil below.
An image formed within his mind
Of all the things he could not find,
And all the things he did not know
A war was brew with mental blades.

And so the boy looked at the moon
With eyes of tears and silent hope.
The sky looked down on fair Namn,
And on the gentle rising slope
On which he sat in silent prayer,
Whispering thoughts into the air.
On one side fell a silver rope;
A lady stood with flowing tune.

Her face was calm and voice was just;
A chorus rang into the skies.
We can do only what we must,
She spoke to him words of the wise.
Lo! I can sing the hills to sleep,
Or wake them from a slumber deep
Look now upon this molten guise,
Upon this mount which you can trust.

The land about began to shake,
And largest rock was smallest stone;
The shadow crumbled with the quake,
And Namn sat there not alone,
For to his right a mountain stood
On stony limbs of greyest blood,
And all was not as once was shown
Those sleeping hills were now awake.

A Mountain Moln with golden heart,
The lady said with tender voice.
No longer shall you walk apart
From fairest earth, as was your choice.
A child of stone may you befriend,
And with him help the darkness mend.
May cheeks be red, may you rejoice,
For this is joy, my greatest art.

The lady returned to the moon,
Now with a ripe and gleeful smile,
And all looked well for young Namn,
And his new friend, the mountain isle.
A fortnight and a day they played;
Beneath the moonlit night they stayed.
There were no lies or darkly guile,
But troubled thoughts were with Namn.

That night was full of darkest dreams
Where horror struck his little heart
He heard a bout of stony screams,
But could not from his dream depart.
When he awoke he searched about;
Where are you? he began to shout.
The Mountain Moln was strewn apart
From singing from the stars, it seems.

That is hardly apt, Dlin said sternly. I think you are missing a verse. And so he added a verse of his own to change the cheerless tone of the piece:

But darkness did not take him then;
He knew the Mountain Moln had gone
Back to the earth, its nightly den,
And would be with him once anon.
The dark would lift for young Namn;
The Mountain Moln would be there soon,
A friend, a rock to lean upon,
And he would know that joy again.

I warrant that is the true ending, the knight said. Sometimes a verse is dropped when a story is passed from one to another.
I doubt it, Aralus said. I knew the man who wrote it. From the horses mouth, as it were, and he did not neigh like you, I assure you. The Mountain Moln was strewn apart. I remember it well.
Your memory has obviously failed you, Aralus, Dlin snapped. I remember the Tale of Namn with the verse I added, and I remember it well, for it was a tale that originated in Bardahan in Boror.
But you are not from Boror, are you, Dlin? I, however, am.
And you have been in Alimror for near all your life, so perhaps your memory of the tales of Boror have failed you.
Well, Aralus said, gesturing dismissively in Dlins direction, you are much older than I, so if someones memory was to fail, I think it would be yours.
Or mine, Ifferon said to lighten the mood. I am getting on in years as much as anyone.
I dont doubt it, Aralus replied. You are a withered sort, by look and sound.
Aralus has the eldest tongue, Elitha said, for he neer stops using it.
HerrDon clapped and laughed. I was beginning to think Aralus was attempting to upstage even I when it comes to the art of the verb.
That would be a mighty feat! Ifferon said, smiling.

*     *     *

The night grew old and the stars grew dim. The fire waned, and with it went the conversation, which had degenerated from tense words to tense silence. Harsh glares and cautious glances were exchanged between opposing parties, as were knowing looks of understanding between the onlookers, who felt the tension just as strongly as the rest.
Thalla retired to bed, curling up beside the dwindling fire, and Ifferon began to doze against the great trunk of a willow tree, which, while sparse in foliage, gave a canopy of cover from the bleak, black sky. Elitha stood at the outskirts like a stone sentinel, gazing intently at the horizon, where, no doubt, her thoughts wandered further still. HerrDon, who was suffering from sleeplessness, took to polishing and sharpening his sword and cleaning his boots, soothed by the repetition and the thoughts of a job well done. 
Dlin sat with Thos on the other side of the fire, watching the boy protectively with one eye as he curled up like a cub, hugging the helm that Dlin had given him. His other eye was fixed on Aralus, who sat across from Ifferon, resting against a smaller tree, an ash which had lost all its leaves. Aralus kept his hood up, the features of his face buried deep within its shadow, so Dlin did not know if Aralus was staring back.
When Dlin was sure that Thos was sound asleep, that Elitha was still gazing across the plains, and that HerrDon was still cleaning his boots, he came to Aralus and brought him aside. 
If you make a ploy like that again I will kill you, he threatened, aware of the wrath that welled in his voice.
It is just a game, Dlin. Do not be so sour and solemn. It gives you wrinkles in your face and dents in your armour.
I have no time for your games, Aralus! They are as witless as your head and as sour as my mood, and I warn you that I will not tolerate them for long. Try me and you will see what anger is like through the tip of my blade.
You should be careful with your threats, Aralus said, and he seemed to extend from the shadow of his vesture like a beast on the prowl. You never know what I might do while you sleep. To you. To your boy.
Dlin drew closer, pushing the man back against the tree, which shuddered from the force. I warn you, Aralus, stay away from Thos and I!
Whats going on here? HerrDon asked, stepping forward with his newly cleaned boots.
Dlin turned and glanced at the prince, then glared back at Aralus before turning and stomping off to where Thos slept.

*     *     *

I thought you were cleaning your boots, Aralus said, spitting upon the grass to his side as if it were the corpse of a certain knight.
And they are clean, HerrDon said. I was just testing them out.
So you can dirty them again?
Aye, something like that. But tell mewhat was that all about? Dont tell me youre on his bad side.
He is on mine, Aralus said. Him and his false chivalry and valour.
Trueblade, HerrDon said. Its not merely a random title for him. I dont think it is false.
Then you do not think clearly enough, because you are blinded by the glint of seeing your idol up close. He is too quick to deal out judgements, as if he were the only noble man around. Nobility! Ha! I warrant this knight has never tasted poverty or hardship. Look at his armour! It glints in the moonlight like a jeweland I bet he has jewels, yes, hidden away in his mansion.
I have seen his abode. It is quite humble, HerrDon said. But come, I did not know you had such contempt for nobility. Do you think ill of me also because I am a prince?
No, I think less ill of you, Aralus said. I know you were a mercenary for quite some time, since your father would not grant you your birthright to follow in his stead. Can you see it? How those people with power abandon the very people who keep them there? You should be king, HerrDon, but right now your father has you wearing the title of prince like an afterthought, when you should be wearing his crown! He laughs at you, HerrDon. He laughs at you as he gives his power to those who do not deserve it. These people are corrupt: kings, knights, all of them. I despise them all!
HerrDon was silent. The journey from Larksong had made him forget his troubles back at Ilokmaden Keep, where his father prepared a stranger to be his heir. The Kings Court had forgotten about HerrDon, and there was no one there to call him by his title, or to call him by any name at all.

*     *     *

Dawn came swiftly over the hills that day, shunning night and casting the rays of day upon the Plains. The sun reared up from its slumber and stretched its arms across the land wide and far, bathing them in light and warmth. It was a stifling morning, and soon all of the company were awake, for their daylight dreams had been restless. They broke their fast quickly, eating what little they had or could gather from the sparse bushes nearby, for while the day came brightly, it did not cast the shadows from their hearts; more present than ever was their fear of eagle eyes, for the Plains were wide and open, and there was little place to hide.
Elitha scouted ahead, and soon the makeshift thalgarth upon her back was all that could be seen, like a huge fan in the distance. HerrDon and Aralus walked far ahead, discussing battles long fought and those not yet come, and how Boror had changed over the years, disintegrating to a tepid rule by HerrGal the Craven King. Dlin and Thos strolled behind, the knight humming tales of old that were hummed to him when he was young. And Ifferon and Thalla strayed at the rear, talking about the missing member of their company.
I chose him, and yet he was taken from me, Thalla said, her voice faltering. My choice was ill-made, it seems.
No, Ifferon said. Not if your heart did the choosing.
But they took him from me! she cried, her body appearing on the brink of collapse. They gave me love and then snatched it away.
They? Ifferon asked. The Calari? No, they did not do anything. Did you fall in love with Yavn because the gods said so or because there was something in him to fall in love with? Did he die because the gods willed it or because the Taar did? Many of us will think naught of the gods in good times, and yet will cry Beast! and Devil! in the bad. Why not reclaim lost potency by the realisation that our fate, however doomed, is still guided by our own hands?
I guess, Thalla said, wiping her eyes.
I am no knight or prince, nor am I a Magus or Ardnar, but I am a Son of Telm, and while such is claimed for me by bloodline, I say to you this: we are all Children of Telm in our own right, and we but need realise this in order to actualise our potential as sons and daughters of the gods, as the rightful heirs of the All-father.
You are an inspiration, Thalla said. I see now what Yavn saw in you, why he followed you around the monastery ere your chance meeting. Chance! Ah no, it was not so. It was willed, and I am glad that he came with you, or I would not have met him. Yet, if he had not come, he would not have met his end like this.
No, but he would have met it all the sooner, for it would have been unlikely that he would have escaped Larksong were it not for HerrDon, who had come to find me. Perhaps our unlikely meeting was designed to give him the longer stay of life. And he yet lives, does he not? He lives on in our hearts and in our memories, and also in spirit in the Halls of Hals.
Yes, she replied, nodding slowly. I guess he does. But HerrDon ... She paused, as if the name was hard to say, as if there was some hurt in each syllable. How ill he must feel toward me now. He did so much for me, and for all people ... for you, for Yavn. If it was so that he rescued you both from Larksong, then he must rue that he did not rescue you alone, for did he not then fate my meeting Yavn? But, in truth, it is not Yavns death alone that scathes me. I am still raw for another.
I can see that you still weep for Melgals, Ifferon said, and new tears formed in her eyes at the mention of his name. I did not know him, but I could see that his passing was grievous. He gave his life for the sanctity of our own, and I will not forget that. He is truly a great martyr, and his name should be held in honour, sung aloft in the great songs of the troubles of our times. But tell me something: how well did you know him? I thought a Master Magus and his apprentice were not supposed to know each other well ere their work, and, indeed, I thought only men took that profession. Where is my knowledge wrong?
It is not wrong, Thalla told him. We broke the rules. Perhaps that is why this has not worked, why he has, Ardnar or not, been seized by death, and why a darkness looms over my life, like an oath ill-took, or doom ever-creeping. Such is the added weight of my woe, for he did not want me for an apprentice, but I forced him. Did I not then goad him on to his death, like a sword to the back of one who walks the plank?
Do not say that, Ifferon said. I have long blamed myself for the death of my parents, and such was not so. I was robbed of them, but then to salt the wound, I robbed myself of innocence, for blame ever dogged me then. You did not kill Melgals, and you could not have foreseen these events. These are dark times, where evil looks to plant the seeds of self-doubt in the hearts and minds of the good.
Again you inspire and reassure, she replied, and she almost smiled for a moment, as if the weights that hung about her mouth, forcing her to frown, were lifted. I like the idea that we are all Children of Telm. I cannot wield his sword, nor speak aloud the Last Words, as you can, for his blood does not run in my veins. But it is comforting, and I feel less gloom to think that Yavn is a Child of Telm in spirit if not in blood. For is there not a Hall reserved for the children of the Calari, where they are honoured and revered?
Yes, there is a legend of such a Hall, and the people who are admitted may choose those whom they love to come with them, whether they are god-children or not. And so perhaps you will see him again some time. Perhaps you will meet once more in the Halls of Hals when the time is come.
That would be nice, she said. When the time is come.
Now, tell me, Thalla, what is it that made Melgals defy the rules of the Magi to admit you as his apprentice? Never before have I heard of such defiance.
That is a long tale, she replied. And I have not the heart to speak it all here.
Then tell me what you can, Ifferon said, for his curiosity had awoken like a memory of his adventuring days.
Have you never wondered about my name? she asked.
Thalla? No, it is common enough in Boror, is it not?
Thalla DeHataramon, she corrected.
Ah, Ifferon said. Who has not heard of the House of Hataramon?
Exactly, she said.
Were your family the owners of that brothel? Would that not make you an Arlinian?
My family moved to Arlin to find their fortune. They did not find it. They never owned a house, never mind a whorehouse.
Then why do you have such a name?
Because I chose it, she said. But I only chose the name.
You do not mean ...?
My family sent me there when I was twelve. Old enough to work, they said. I did not know what type of work it was until they left me there. It was not good money, but my family earned enough to live that way. They had to do it, I guess, but I do not love them for it all the same.
That is terrible, Ifferon said. I ... I really do not know what to say.
No one does, Thalla replied. That is why I do not tell anyone.
Then why are you telling me?
Because you asked how it came to be that I became Melgals apprentice. He saved my life. He saved me from the House of Hataramon. You see, he is a wandering sortnever stays in the same place too long. He knocked on the door of the brothel in Mariar one day looking for a room. He did not know it was a brothel, and he was disgusted when he found out. He offered Hataramon a lot of gold to buy all the girls off him, because you could never be freedyou had to be bought. But it was not really gold he gave himit was coal with some enchantment upon it. I am sure Hataramon was not very happy about that. But see, Melgals gave all the girls some real gold and told us to go, but we did not understand. He bought us, we thought. He was our master. When we realised he did not want us, we were confused, lost. Some of the girls went home, if they were still welcome there. I did not. I followed Melgals for days, like a stray dog looking for scraps from a noble. He kept telling me to go away, and oft he would disappear in the smog of the city. But I would not stop until I found him. I asked people, bought directions and listened to rumours of a wandering Magus. Eventually I found him again, staying in a little cottage just outside of town. He was busy with all his potions and books and other oddities that seemed like toys to my childish eyes. I wanted to be a Magus. I asked him if I could be his apprentice, but he did not want one, and he certainly would not have a girl if he did. But that did not stop me. I stole one of his books and started to learn some magic on my own. One day I knocked at his door with a phantom hand and sneaked into his house to show him what I learned. He was proud, but not exactly happy. He told me that using magic without a Beldarian would kill me. He understood then that he had to train me or I would destroy myself with magic trying to please him. That is how I became his apprentice.
That is amazing, Ifferon said after a moment of silence. And so you chose to keep the name of Hataramon to remind you of this.
Yes, to remind me of where I came from. I cannot really forget that place, and I always wish that it never happened, that I was never there. But you see, it made me who I am today, so I need to remember that it is a part of my life. It made me strong. 
Silence came again like a lonely friend, and he sat with them for a time, still and quiet, listening to the soundless echoes of their conversation and the memories it triggered. Then weariness joined him, and they sat together in the midst of the company until all were consumed by the seduction of sleep.
They did not wake again until they heard the frenzied shouts of HerrDon. Hark! he screamed. Hark!

XVII  A CALL TO ARMS



Hark! Hark! The Garigt are nigh! HerrDon cried. He rushed to the top of the fallen tree trunk and cast his cloak back. I have espied a scout! He held his arm aloft, pointing to the east, where, in the distance, a small group of horsemen rode in haste.
The others arose and raced to the prince. They clambered upon the tree trunk and cast their gaze across the Plains.
At last! HerrDon said. Finally we are come upon some luck.
Sometimes the Lady Issar is called the Lady of Luck, Dlin said, and such it would seem, for with her blessing the Garigt yet live.
Aralus placed his bony hand upon HerrDons shoulder as he gazed at the advancing horsemen. What if these are the last rag-tag survivors of the onslaught against Nahragor? he asked.
Then, at least, the Garigt, however small in number, have survived, and so may grow again in number ere the passing of the world, Dlin replied. But I have hope for a fairer fate than that, for my heart is warmed, and I know that Issar has given her blessing to the Garigt to pass easily oer her old land, and so may they come and go to battle with haste on their heels and swiftness on their sword hands.
They packed their things and sat in wait, watching the plumes of dust fly up beneath the galloping horses feet. Soon the Garigt were upon them, staying their steeds with a harsh pull of the reins. The horses whinnied and bucked, but the Garigt riders did not falter or fall, for they clung to the horses with broad legs of enormous strength. Their arms were also thick with muscle, yet weathered from a thousand winds, for they wore little in clothing, as was the custom of the riders, so as not to hinder their haste. Their skin was tanned and their faces were grim, etched with eternal frowns and dark, fell eyes. The leader of the group reared up towards them and looked upon them as if they were wild beasts that had strayed into a net.
I am Galon, he said, his voice gruff. He wore nothing upon his chest except a small medallion, with an ornate G in the centre of a beamed sun. The beams were curved like sickles, as if they would rotate, and it was said that they were used in their gambling games, and that the loser would be killed and his medallion would be worn by the victor. Those who wore many were feared. Ifferon shuddered as he noted six more medallions hanging from Galons belt.
We have been searching the Plains for many days now, Galon told them. We have grown to fear that you would not come or that you met an ill fate on your march here. Now the Garigt seemed less rough; his voice had calmed and his glare had softened.
You were expecting us? Ifferon asked.
Yes, and long expecting. The Way-thane Geldirana sent us forth a week ago, for she said that a small party with great strength was expected. She bid us go swiftly and not come back until our quest was done. And so we travelled long and hard across the Plains, back and forth, and we grew weary, for there was naught to be seen. I was about to send instructions for us to ride back to the Way-thane with the ill news that we had not found you. But lo! Here you are, and there is great joy in my heart and relief in my soul, for the Way-thane would not be happy with the news, and bade us not return without you.
Has word then come forth from Oelinor? Dlin said.
Oelinor? No, I do not know that name, or at least it was not mentioned to me ere my journey on the Plains began. Who is this Oelinor, and is he or she a friend or foe?
One of the Ardnari, like Geldirana, HerrDon said.
A friend, Ifferon added. He is the Warden of Oelinadal in Caeln.
Ah yes, the Aelora Ardnar, I see, Galon said, and it seemed that he had grown suddenly nervous; he bit his lip and furrowed his brow, and he looked over his shoulder as if self-conscious of the Garigt aides at his attendance. The standard-bearer looked towards his companions, and it was as if there were unspoken words of hatred in that glance. 
Twould be best not to speak of that at present, Galon said at last, and he drew his reins and turned about. Come! We go to the Old Keep. Our armies have set up camp there where Telarym borders with the cursed land of Nahlin, and from there we shall lead our siege.
It has not yet begun? Dlin asked.
Not in the force we plan, no, Galon said. But there have been small sorties and skirmishes upon the Plains and nigh unto the Valley of Shadow that dips into Nahragor. Many of our kind have grown impatient with the delay, but the Way-thane bid us wait until you arrived. She said she was given word that a secret weapon was on the way. I am a warrior at heart, but I am not foolish enough to think that this was a sword or mace, yet I will not meddle so much in the affairs of the Wardens to make guess what weapon they have devised.
We have no horses to spare, but you will journey with us, one with each of my company, for we can afford no more delay. Indeed, it would matter little if we had spare steeds for you, for they would not bear you, and you would but cling to them as if they were the fleeting moments of your lives.	
They were bidden to climb upon the backs of the horses, who did not take kindly to them, despite many whispered assurances in the Bororian tongue from the Garigt riders. Ifferon went with Galon, for the Garigt said that he was specifically instructed to bring the cleric on his own horse, Rorast, and to ensure that he above all others would arrive safe and whole. The others rode behind whichever remaining Garigt riders would bear them. Many of the Garigt were obviously reluctant to take them, but they were not alone, for Elitha would not ride upon a horse, or any animal yet within the domain of ala, nor would she cling to the back of a Garigt man while her fair legs still worked. Thus she ran ahead of them as they galloped, yet frequently she fell behind when they invoked their unearthly speed.

*     *     *

As they rode discussion grew anew, and Ifferon was curious of the hushness that fell at each mention of the Wardens. Why did you ask us not to speak of the Ardnari? he shouted against the wind.
Our people are not happy with the decision to lay siege to Nahragor, Galon called back, his long hair lashing against Ifferons face as they rode. They follow the Way-thane in her orders, but do so grudgingly, for they know she does this as an Ardnar, not a Garigt. We are setting our swords upon ourselves in this battle, for it is folly to assail the Black Bastion in such small numbers.
Then the striking of hooves against harsh earth drowned out their voices, and the Garigt sped on once more as the tiny speck of Elitha appeared in the distance behind them. She is Ferian, Galon said. She will meet our pace in time.
As the day evened out and the veil of night drew in, they arrived at the hillock that led to the Old Keep, carved into the mountainous crags of the Cliff-face of Idor-Rem, tall dark shafts of rock that drew up like spires and towers, the jagged teeth of a crooked god. They had slowed for the last few leagues of their journey when Idor-Rem came into view, for already they were under the vastness of its shadow. Soon they arrived before the gates of the Old Keep, the crumbling ruin of the kingdoms of old, and Elitha came once more into view on the horizon behind them.
So she comes, Galon said. Her weariness shall be her reward for refusing the hospitality of the Garigt. But I see that weariness has come upon you all, and let that be removed by the hospitality yet to come. The Old Keep is manned by Garigt now, and thus it is a haven in these lands of bleakness and despair.
Many Garigt came from the fortress, younger and fairer, perhaps not yet come of age, but they were still dishevelled and unruly in clothing and face, as if the long years of travel had toiled them. They took the horses, bringing them to a makeshift stable just outside the Fort. A man of similar stature to Galon, tall and broad, came out and greeted them, crossing his arms and thumping his chest. Welcome to the Aldragir, now Garigt Gwiragir. I am Geldon, and this shall be your home for the time to come, and from here shall we lead war upon the forces of Nahlin and siege upon the fort of Naragir, which you know more commonly as Nahragor.
They were led to the ramp that rose into the depths of Idor-Rem. The Old Keep was carved deep into the Cliff-face, caged within its mountainous walls. It spanned thirteen levels, with a steep zig-zagging stair reaching all the way to the top. Its windows were round holes, and the corridors and rooms were little more than massive tunnels. Some called it a fortress, others a prison, but it was a relic of the time of the Elad ni, the gods before the gods, and few dared make it their home.
Your quarters for the night ahead will be ready ere long, Geldon said, but first you must attend a council with the Way-thane. She asks no delay.
They were lead through a maze of tunnels to the throne room, which bore a pitted floor and a domed roof. To one side were two Garigt soldiers bearing golden totems with the familiar sun seal, and to the other was a plain wooden seat upon which sat a golden-haired lady in a slender red dress. Her glare was as the eyes of fire itself, the look of death before the burn, and many of the company felt that Elithas stern glance was kindly in comparison. The Ferian woman now entered the Keep and stepped hard into the room.
Late, the Way-thane said. Her voice was severe. Yet you are all late.
Many bowed their heads, apologetic. Elitha raised her chin in defiance, yet she could not conceal her heavy breathing.
So you have come before me at last, Geldirana continued. Bedraggled and beaten, and diffident I see. Have the weathers been so cruel, or do you but weather with over-ease? I have been expecting you for some time, and it seems that you have tarried, and thus delayed my plans. Nahragor should be in the midst of fire and ruin now, but it yet stands.
That is not our fault, HerrDon responded. And even if you had started the siege, I doubt that it would crumble as easily as you say.
Oh, you do, do you? she said, turning her long, hard gaze upon him. She did not stir from her seat; her hands gripped the armrests of the chair like claws upon their prey. I suppose you believe that it takes HerrGals troops to breech the walls of Nahragor? Do you think that it should be you, HerrDon, to lead the armies against the Black Bastion?
I said naught of that, HerrDon replied.
Yet you thought it, and think it still. We are not barbarians, HerrDon, though ever your people call us by that name. Your father, in particular, has taken to calling us by many distasteful names, not least of all btalajal, the less-of-home. She raised her right hand suddenly and they flinched. And I say to you now that we are not without a home, for ever has Boror been that to us. We settle not in one place of the King Vale, for all of Boror is our house. We do not need a hut of bricks to know our place in the world, but it seems to me that the King needs a stern reminder to know his own.
He knows little of the Garigt ways, Ifferon said. He is forever stunted by his folly and blinded by his ignorance. Please, Geldirana Way-thane, grant him and us the pardon of the wise, the grace of the righteous, and the kindness of
Ifferon, I did not permit you to speak, she scolded, turning her fiery gaze upon him. It had been ten years since she looked upon him with those eyes, and the fire had grown wild in that time. Part of Ifferon wanted to run to her and embrace her like he did all those years ago, but another part warned him to stay away, lest he catch alight.
Tell me, Ifferon, she said, and the words were like embers. After all you have done, and failed to do, why is it that I should grant you grace and kindness?
The shroud of shame fell upon him, but it did not conceal him from Geldiranas flame-filled stare. He grew scarlet, as if the burn had already set in, and he looked upon his companions and saw their awkward glances, for clearly they too could feel the atmosphere like a furnace.
Then Ifferon looked up. Geldirana, you are fair and beautiful beyond measure. More splendid than the rays of the sun, more solemn than the beams of the moon, more intricate than the Aerbateros of the Aelora, and more elegant than the graceful strides of the Ferian. Naught in this world have I found since our parting that has met with your beauty. Naught compares to you, and ever have I grieved for the loss of your love, and ever have I reviled myself for the disgrace of leaving you then from fear of Agon. But I know there is naught that I can say to make amends, naught that I can do to set things aright. Yet all the same I kneel before you now and ask your forgiveness, for I repent of all the evils I have done to you in my folly to avoid evil. And thus he knelt, bowing low.
You kneel over-late, Geldirana said, and you knelt first before the throne of fear. But do you expect that I shall grant absolution so easily? Do you think that you can buy my clemency with the wily words you have studied in your lock-away at Larksong? No, I think you ask too much, and too much from you is the asking of aught at all, for I should be the one to ask of you, and I ask this: do not think that you can make amends or set things aright with me, for we will all be in Hals ere that happens, but you may yet repair the follies of your fear with the world by doing the deeds set before you, deeds long held undone. Will you baulk before these tasks or see them through?
HerrDon stepped forth and spoke: He will do them as long as I am here to guide and protect him, as Sword of Boror, HerrDon the Great.
He will do naught if you do it for him, Geldirana snapped. Let him speak for himself, for that is ever what he lacks. Do you have a voice, Ifferon, or has it been stilled by the truth of my words? Speak if you still can.
I can, Ifferon said, and I can offer no assurances except one. My journey has been long and hard, and it has meant toil, terror and tears for me and my companions. Fear ever drove me, and dread ever gnawed at my will, but it is now absolute. I will do my best, yet never can I do more, and I do not yet know how far my best will reach.
It will reach far, Geldirana said, if you stretch your arm enough to make it so. You did that once. Do you not remember the Caves of Remradi? They are not far from here. Ten years are not enough to kill those memories from my mind. And are you not a Child of Telm, Ifferon? Are you not a god-child? Your best is the best of the gods, and who would place limit on them?
Agon would, Ifferon said.
Precisely why you must do to him what he would do to you, the Way-thane replied. You must limit him, his might, his power, his reach. We are not without weapons, and not without warriors to wield them. I have been given a message in dream that a weapon of power was being sent here, and lo! Here you arrive from the road of reminiscence, from the clutches of the past. 
There are duties to be done, and the Siege of Nahragor will begin on the morrow. You will be shown to your quarters and then we shall have a final feast, a last supper ere our doom is shown to us. Go now and change and cleanse yourselves, for my people must prepare the table. You will be bidden return ere long, and I shall reveal unto you my strategy, and it shall be as a light in the darkness of your minds, and your woes and doubts shall be overruled.
Thus the company left the room and made their way to their quarters, led by Geldon, who seemed content with the words of the Way-thane. But before they had all left, Geldirana called back to Dlin and bid him stay a moment with the Al-Ferian boy.
What is your name, knight? she asked.
Dlin DeMarius, he told her, though many know me better as Trueblade.
And true that is, for that is a name that is not unknown to me. It seems that the rumour of valour and honour rides ahead of you ere your arrival, and I see that there is truth in the hearsay. Yet I am troubled.
My pardon, Lady Way-thane, if aught that I do or say troubles you, Dlin replied, for such is not my intent.
That may be, but it is not you that troubles me, Trueblade, but he who goes with you ... this ... Al-Ferian child. Who is he and what connection is he to you?
He goes by the name Thos, Dlin said, though I know not if that is his name. Yet he answers to it now, and is tagged upon his collar
So you know little of him, she stated.
What little I know is in the knowledge of the heart.
A dangerous knowledge.
Yet a necessary danger, the knight replied. We would wither without it.
Geldiranas eyes seemed to tear then, and she averted her gaze for a moment and then turned back to him with renewed fire. Tell me how you came upon him, and why he seems to cling to you, you who know so little about him.
We found him in the Plains of Eridl amidst the dead. There was an escort, and it seems they were slain by dark forces.
Dark forces that have evaded our sight, it seems, Geldirana said, the worry evident in her voice. We have kept a watch on Nahragor and saw naught of any stirring.
Yet your watch extends not to Tol-mari, where the greater danger to the Al-Ferian lies, for that is near their border, and they must pass it to come into Telarym. It would surprise me little to know that a fellness came from there in the dark stretches of the night.
Yet it surprises you that such a fellness would leave this boy unharmed.
Yes, yes, I cannot hide that, Dlin admitted. 
There is little you can hide from me, Trueblade, the Way-thane said. I am Alar Ardnar, and this is my time. Wisdom tells me that the shadow of doom is upon this boy, though he has yet evaded death, and this confounds me. Why have you brought him here?
Where else is there to go? Dlin asked. Where would you bid me take him?
Anywhere but our camp, she said. I sense a power within him, as if the magics of a thousand Aelora had been concentrated into one person, one vessel. He is dangerous, and he will attract danger. There is wisdom and brooding in his eyes, and a power I have not the will or heart to look upon, for the eyes of an Ardnar see things others do notyet there are things even I cannot see behind the shadows of his mind.
Be that as it may, Dlin replied, he is but a child. A child not of my race, nor one that speaks my tongue, and perhaps he has the power of the Aelora in him, and perhaps there is a doom upon him that none but the wise can foreseebut he is still a child, young and innocent, and who are we, old and guilty, to pass judgement?
We are the wise, she said. And I was chosen not for mercy. I will not ignore the shadow that lies upon him like a cloak. Those who wear the vestures of darkness, knowing not that they wear them, are still fated to an evil fate, and I will not have this Al-Ferian child bring ruin upon us all.
Then what is your ruling?
He cannot stay here. Not even overnight, for who are we to know that day will come if doom comes the quicker?
The hopeful, Dlin replied.
I have spent my hope, she said. And the Garigt keep no large store of it. Not even the hope of Trueblade is enough to change this matter. The child must go, but I will not have you go with him, for I foresee that you will be needed ere the end, and so I shall send a scout with the boy on horseback, and they will go to Boror and take house in one of our haven-huts.
Dlin shook his head. Stubborn you are, yet I am moreso. I will not be parted from the boy now, nor ever while there is life yet flowing in my veins.
How rousing, Geldirana said. Do you think I have compassion for you? I would sooner slay you now so that your oath is kept and the boy removed from here, but wisdom stays my hand.
Wisdom stays your hand so that compassion may yet rule, Dlin said. But the wisdom you speak of our parting is a cruel wisdom, and if I must choose between it and compassion then I choose the latter.
You already have, the Way-thane said, for if you had chosen wisdom you would have seen that the choice of compassion was the choice of doom, and you shall feel the pain of parting whether you will it or not. But come, I shall speak no more on this matter. The boy will go and you will stay, and what little wisdom you have left would bid you not object.
Then that wisdom is forfeit, and I miss it not while there is love. Perhaps you would know it still if Ifferon had not broken your heart, but that is not for me to repair. He turned and left the chamber, ushering Thos ahead of him, who had kept in silence throughout the proceedings, oblivious to what had happened and what was yet to come. 
If Dlin had turned back he would have seen the shattering of a soul, would have witnessed long-withheld tears upon Geldiranas face. She sat in soundless grief for a time, and there were none to succour her or provide solace in the stillness of the chamber and the sorrows of her mind.

*     *     *

Ifferon collapsed upon a hard wooden chair within his quarters, yet he did not feel it, for his mind was elsewhere. He sighed deeply, and it was as the wail of the wind in a storm, haunting and unsettling.
The Way-thane is really something, HerrDon said. Id hate to be her partner for fear of being burned to a crisp.
She has grown bitter, Ifferon said, shaking his head. Yet I am he who planted the seeds of that bitterness, and long have they been watered oer these ten years with the nourishment of anger, and so have they ripened as bitter fruit upon a tree of thorns, so grown to keep hands that may hurt from plucking them again. Cold hands like mine.
Perhaps thats the better match, HerrDon said. Keep your cold hands and she can keep her hot ones, and you can both temper each other.
There is little that will temper her, Dlin said, entering the room in an angry stride with Thos. That little is love, and it will need to be a lot ere the fires of her wrath are quelled.
Without a doubt! HerrDon replied. Ah, but one glance from the eyes of HerrDon the Great could do the quelling.
Why did she call you back? Ifferon asked Dlin.
To ask too much of me, the knight responded.
HerrDon raised an eyebrow. She wanted to bed you?
No! Dearest me, no! Dlin said, and he laughed. Then his face became grim again and his voice solemn. No, she asks that I send Thos away while I continue on our journey.
Ah, HerrDon said, biting his lip.
Did she say why? Ifferon asked.
Yes, yes, but I do not believe it, Dlin replied. And will not add credence to it by repeating it here.
Perhaps its for the best, HerrDon said. Siege is no place for a boy.
There are no places for children now, Dlin said. The world is shattered, and all countries are beset with war, and it feels as though there is naught I can do to save them.
What will you do about Thos? Ifferon asked.
I do not know. I am reluctant to leave him, yet I know that I must forge on, and in forging on I cannot bring him with me. Thus it seems that Geldirana speaks true, and I shall now feel the pain of parting whether I will it or not. He will go back to Boror.
A wise choice, HerrDon said.
Yes, I think it is best for all, Ifferon added, and he hoped his words were reassuring, yet felt little comfort of his own.
Where are the others? Dlin asked. It seemed that he had only now realised that Thalla and Elitha were not in the room.
They have other quarters, HerrDon said. The Garigt do not see much difference between man and woman, but they know that others do, so they have divided us so. But come, let us change quickly, for the night is already late, and I think that the Garigt will not tarry with the summons for supper.

*     *     *

And they did not, for soon the summons was given and the company rejoined in the main chamber, where was set a large table with many wooden platters of food: roast chicken, skewed boar, stale bread, and salted nuts. And there were many jugs of drink: ale, wine, water, and milk, and a chalice of dawnwater in the centre of the table.
Join us, Geldirana said. Her chair was now at the head of the table, where she sat in a new dress, plain and black. Her hair was tied back, and there was a black flower, a nahilar, within it; the flower was like a black claw, for its petals bent inwards like fingers. Indeed, Ifferon thought at first that there was a spider in her hair, weaving webs amidst the golden flame.
They were guided to their seats, but none would begin the feast until Geldirana gave the nod. It is good to see you all in better shape. Telarym has not been kind to you. Let now that cruelty be addressed. We shall talk as we feast. She beckoned to Galon and he brought her the chalice from the centre of the table. She supped from it and passed it around. May this dispel all evils. 
They drank in turn, silent as they enacted this ancient Garigt custom, but when the chalice had passed from Dlin to Thos there was tension, for the boy merely looked into the cup and would not partake of it.
He drinks not, Geldirana observed. Who of fair company refuses the dawnwater of the Garigt, and who of wisdom would refuse it in the company of the Way-thane?
Drink, Dlin urged, and he made a drinking gesture with his hand.
Adala, Elitha said, and the boy looked at her and shook his head.
Bhasa, he said. Adalim hanta bhasa!
He says he drinks only water, Elitha explained.
Then he refuses a courtesy that is not lightly given, Geldirana said. Is there any reason why the dawnwater of the Garigt is unfit for him? Do the Al-Ferian drink only unconsecrated water?
No, Elitha replied. They drink anything they can, and freely partake of the liquor of other peoples. I know not why he refuses the chalice.
So the dog is not thirsty, Aralus said. Let him go without.
It is a great honour to receive this libation, Dlin said, and I shall drink for him to retain the honour if your grace will allow me.
Granted, the Way-thane said, and Dlin took the chalice again and drank a second draught. When he had finished he passed it on to HerrDon.
Dont worry, HerrDon said, I never refuse free liquor, and dawnwater is one of the best. Good for all things.
Like scaring away the Spectres, Geldirana said, staring at Thos as she spoke. They are a force who would not touch or partake of it, for it is the water of dawns embrace, kissed by the sun and consecrated by the moon, into which is then crumbled the remnants of Lesser Ilokrn. But let us speak no more of this, for there are many more things we must discuss.
And so their feast began, and Geldirana spoke as they ate. At times she said naught and they ate with the hunger of wolves, and at others they all stopped to listen, bar HerrDon, who nibbled throughout her discourse.
Nahragor is the fortress of the Molokrn, Geldirana said. It is the Gate of Nahlin, the barrier of our armies and the breaker of our spirits. But the Molokrn are asleep, and the Lichelord is abroad. Barriers may be broken, and spirits may be kindled. Thus lies our window of opportunity, for now is the Passing of the High. In this transition between Shadowlord and Shadowlord, we have hope. For Nahragor is the fortress of the Molokrn for good reason, for it is the home of the second Alar Kalakrn, the first being in Tol-mari. These were the original two, and all others were made in likeness, to mimic them. Should one be destroyed, then the Molokrn would be weakened beyond measure, for all but the remaining Alar Kalakrn would cease to work, forcing the Molokrn to reside in Tol-mari alone, never able to travel freely and swiftly across Iraldas as they have unto now.
But unlike the other Kalakrn, these cannot be destroyed by mortal hands alone. Even the powers of the Ardnari are not yet strong enough to bring them to ruin. Only the Last Words will do. Only Telms dying breath is potent enough to topple this Crypt, and only those who carry the blood of Telm may speak these words of ending. Thus is it your task, Ifferon, to venture into Nahragor itself, as even Melgals desired, for it was this mission that he knew you must complete, this action that would turn the tides in our favour, and this commitment that would unleash your potential as Telm Incarnate to bring an end to Agons war upon Iraldas.
Thus we have espied a secret entrance into Nahragor which they use to send out scouts and emissaries, and this lies nigh unto the Dark Forest of Idor-Hol, which poses a danger unto itself, yet also provides for some cover. We shall send a small party with you there and you shall come into the Black Bastion with ease. The Siege shall begin as you depart, and thus we will prove a distraction from the secret ways, for we shall avert their gaze with catapult and petard, and they shall know the might of the Garigt as we break their doors down.
And now at last you may know why I wear black this night. I bear the cloth of mourning, for there will be great loss on the morrow, and the land shall be spilled with the blood of my people. Their last sights in Iraldas will be of darkness and evil, and it shall ever haunt them in the Halls of Hals when they rejoin their mothers and their fathers. I wear this now in grief, yet on the morrow I shall be in white, for then there shall be no time for sorrow, and I must reveal myself in vestures fitting.
What about the Call of Agon? HerrDon asked. Is there nothing we can do to stop it?
Until we know who is doing the calling and where, there is little that can be done, Geldirana responded. But the destruction of a Kalakrn might just be enough to distract anyone who dares attempt to free Agon from his chains. If a Summoner lies in Nahragor, as my spies have told me, then perhaps he will think twice when the Kalakrn is in ruins.
So we get entangled in an Ardnari mission instead, HerrDon said, shaking his head. Of course you would want us to destroy a Kalakrn when you face that which crawls out of it.
But Geldirana ignored him. She stood up swiftly and clapped. The feast is over. Return now to your quarters and dream as fair as you are able, for you shall find that the nearness of Nahragor is a thorn to good dreams. Rest well, and may the blessings of Corrias be upon you, for we will need them ere the end. You will be woken early, and there will be little time then, for we must march. Good night, as far as night is good.

*     *     *

And so they left the table and retired to their quarters. Many collapsed into slumber immediately, for their limbs were weary and the feast had contented them beyond measure. The dawnwater also had a somnolent effect, ushering them into the drowsy clutches of sleep. 
But neither Dlin nor Thos could sleep. They waited at a small wooden table that looked to have been thrown together with scraps of wood. Thos picked at the splinters and Dlin stared at the patterns in the grain, as if it were an oracle that might reveal to him some insight into his fears. The night wore on like the subtle erosion of rocks or the less overt attrition of Dlins troubled mind. Suddenly a pounding came at the door and Dlin sighed deeply as he reluctantly answered it. Galon entered with another called Adon, and Dlin knew that his parting with Thos had come like a thief in the night.
A moment, Dlin asked, and he hugged the boy, who knew little of what was transpiring, for he could not tell their tongue. May Issar protect you, the knight said, brushing through Thos hair with his hand. May Corrias guide you. 
Then Galon and Adon took the boy by the shoulders and Thos started to weep, as if suddenly aware of what was happening. He reached out his hands to Dlin, but the gesture was not returned, for the knight had not the will for it. He swallowed hard and was glad that there were none else awake to see his sorrow.
And thus was Thos led away in the dark moments of the night, made all the darker for these deeds. Yet nothing else could be done, and Geldirana passed by the quarters and had pity on the knight, but told herself that this parting was but a single tear of the parting that would be faced otherwise. She watched from her vantage at the top of the Old Keep as Galon bid Adon well, and then Adon rode off with Thos on horseback, and they took the unmarked roads to Boror, haste ever guiding them.

*     *     *

Morning came, but it was not fair, for there was a bitter wind and rain. The Old Keep was battered by the siege of storm, and the Garigt were forced to delay their attack until later that day when the war of weather had been won. Then they were all led up to the garrison on the roof of the Old Keep, where from the battlements they were shown the vast arsenal of the Garigt: dozens of catapults, tens of battering rams, several small ballistae, and three rolling-shields (as the Garigt called them). These were large wooden encampments upon wheels, filled with petardiers, sappers and other siege-workers.
It is time at last, Geldirana said, and she strode before them with a golden mace in hand. Galon and Geldon brought a bruised shield to her, round and bronze, and half the height of them. She raised the mace and struck upon it; a sound like thunder echoed out into the valley. Now begins the Siege of the Black Bastion.


XVIII  THE SIEGE OF NAHRAGOR



The catapults rolled out, creaking heavily under the weight of monstrous rocks. Men and women alike toiled about them, pushing great timber frames or pulling long, thick ropes. Others brought wagons filled with boulders and smaller rocks, and others yet marched with sword and spear in hand, their feet beating down upon the earth in the tumultuous tune of the war drum.
They stopped as soon as they came to the Ridge of Reaping, for there the Valley of Shadow opened up like the jaws of the earth, with great pointed mountains jutting out like sharpened teeth. Clouds hung like the vestures of dark gods, draping down upon the black mass of Nahragor, which loomed like a second pair of deadly teeth inside the mouth of the Ridge. Black and cruel it was, with spikes and spires rising from its hulk, and amidst its shadow there were subtle lights, dull, yet ever watchful, as if the very building itself was awake, staring out with evil eyes.
The Garigt made camp mere metres away from the halting catapults, hoping to be out of range of returning fire, yet also within distance to see the battlefield and make appropriate orders; or when the time came for Geldirana to lead the force down the Valley and into the madness of Nahlin under the murderous glare of Nahragor.

*     *     *

Ive sent the petardiers in three regiments, Way-thane, Galon said. One to take the middle of the wall and the other two to take the extremes on either side. So long as they survive long enough to reach their destination, I do not doubt that the walls of Nahragor will be much weaker ere the catapults are launched.
Let us hope that we are not punished by our own petards, Dlin said. Belnavar the Braveheart came to me looking for such wheels of war, and I reluctantly gave him what we found in a workshop of the Gormolok savages. He slew his honour with that choice, and now he is slain, though it seems not by these creatures of cogs. Yet such is oft the way of these machineries, such a dishonourable practice in these days most want of honour.
Not all will do battle on an open plain, Dlin, Geldirana said. It is their dishonour that leads to our own, if it be called such, though I am want to say otherwise. Were we to run to the walls and bang our fists upon the gates, we would be greeted with arrows, rocks, and boiling oil. Let us, therefore, break those walls with rocks of our own ere we think of assailing them with our bare hands and feet.
Suddenly there came a cry from the battlefield where the central petardier battalion advanced under the canopy of a great wooden machine. A number of Garigt horse-riders came galloping to the camp, haste on their feet and in their voices.
Way-thane, theyve spotted our petardiers, one of the riders said. We had branch and bush upon the rolling-shields, but they did not fall for the trick for long. Theyre firing arrows of fire upon us, hoping they ignite the petards ere we reach the walls. Weve ordered a hastened advance, but I fear we will lose our best petardiers.
This is war, Grsir, and war involves risk and death, Geldirana replied. I did not expect that all three petardier regiments would make it to the walls. But they may yet.

*     *     *

And so she turned her intent gaze across the fields again, where the wooden housing of the petardiers rolled forth. Inside, men and women of the Garigt toiled, pushing and pulling, slowly advancing towards the walls of the Black Bastion. Crossbows were hung upon nails inside, weapons at hand for the defenders of the petardiers, should any assail the rolling-shield ere it reached its destination. The petards themselves were sealed in a second wooden box within the main structure, and this had wheels also, for it was designed to be wheeled forth once the rolling-shield reached the walls, and there the petardiers would light the fuse and return swiftly to the safety of the main device.
But it looked increasingly less likely that they would be the ones to light the fuse, for a barrage of missiles were launched against them; some were simple arrows, some were barbed, some were light ballista-bolts, covered in strange black rock that was hot to the touch, and, worst of all, some were laced in oil and burning in great red flames. The wood that the Garigt used was strong, for they did not trust the trees of Telarym, and thus brought the best wood in carriages from Boror over a number of long and arduous weeksbut it was not so strong that it could withstand the battering that now assailed it. Arrows pierced the wood, and some pierced the bodies of the men and women inside, slowing the advance of the lumbering machines across the plain. Holes were punched through, opening the way for more arrows, thin and fine, or barbed and deadly. And the arrows of fire came like a rain of lava, setting the wood alight, causing panic in the rolling-shield as the fire loomed ever closer to the petard-box in the back.
And then doom fell upon them. A new volley was unleashed from the ramparts and battlements of Nahragor, and through a great breach in the front of the siege weapon an arrow of streaming fire came hastening. An eagle-eyed Garigt soldier threw himself before the petard-box and raised his shield against the incoming fire, and so it struck him and set his shield ablaze. The Garigt gave a sigh of relief, but it came too soon, for two more fire arrows pierced the breach and the shield-soldier could do naught to stop them both. One struck his arm, which he raised to block his face, but the other struck the petard-box, and there was a moment where the wood alone crackled under the fire. But the moment was short-lived, for the fuse was lit and the entire thing went up in an explosion of wood and fire, sending splinters and limbs here and there across the battlefield.

*     *     *

It seems you speak omens, Geldirana said, turning her cruel glare upon Dlin. Let me speak plainly then and ask that you do not say anything ere this battle is done, unless it be an omen of the Adversarys demise.
That I cannot offer, Dlin replied. But I can offer my aid in making his forces demise a reality, for I am not unschooled in war, and the Knights of Issar have ridden to many defended gates with naught but shield and sword.
Then perhaps we should have sent you before the petardiers, Geldirana said. You would have attracted most of the fire, I expect. But I am keen for no ones death, unless it be Agons and his horde. Now go! Geldon will lead you where you need to be.
The company departed under the guidance of Geldon, riding in a small wagon that was camouflaged with leaves and branches. Towards Idor-Hol they rolled, leaving Geldirana alone to survey the siege. 
Then Galon and Adon came hastening into the pavilion, bowing quickly. 
We both have urgent news, but mine is more pressing, Adon said.
Speak then, the Way-thane commanded. And tell me why you are not in Boror.
I took the boy Thos with me, but he would not go, the man replied. I held him before me as I rode, but he squirmed and spoke a foreign tongue, and ere long he had wormed his way from my grip and disappeared into a grove of trees. I searched for him, but could not find him, and thence I hasted back.
Grave news, Geldirana said. But I have little time for it, for war is here. If the boy knows not my wisdom, then let him be as one in the wild, and may Corrias see fit to do with him as he wills. But come, tell me, Galon, what is it that presses you so?
Galon bowed again. The central petardiers are dead, and they now block part of our advance, but since we cannot now weaken the central wall, let us do what we can with our catapults. Mayhaps a boulder or two will distract these arrow-fiends from the two remaining regiments on right and left.
Geldirana said naught, but simply nodded. Galon held the curtain of the pavilion up and raised his arm, and then he lowered it suddenly and swiftly. Thus did the Garigt soldiers awaiting orders by the catapults call and shout to each other, turning this way and that, and lastly taking sword to string, unleashing the great rocks into the air, sending them sailing across the sky towards the walls and gates of Nahragor.
A great sound of pounding began, and it rose like a chorus when the other catapults joined the fray. Rock and boulder came down on the gates of Nahragor like iron fists, and it seemed to the defenders as if the Moln had awoken and were pounding upon the walls with their hands of stone.

*     *     *

The petardier regiment that was sent to the right reached its destination, rolling quickly to meet the walls. Arrows and rocks fell like rain from the clouds of the parapets above their heads, but the battered wood of the rolling-shield met the cold stone of the walls of Nahragor.
The petard-box was loosened from its hold in the back and rolled forth swiftly, crashing loudly against the wall. The petardiers inside hurried back and forth, grabbing their tools, most deadly of which was a simple unlit torch and flint.
Two minutes, one of them called out, for there was a din that drowned all hearing. He lit the torch and placed it warily against the petard that was hooked to the wall with bolts and chains. The fuse-rope was splayed and would not take light. The petardier grew frustrated and tried to light the rope further up, where it was still intact, but he was not prepared for how quickly it went aflame, and all grew afraid with the look of panic in his eyes.
Out! he cried, and they broke through the doors of the petard-box and raced back towards the rolling-shield. But they were too late, for the fuse was now too short. The petard ignited, throwing them up in a barrage of brick and wood and fire. The rolling-shield was splintered and the people inside were burned and battered. The walls of Nahragor were shaken and ruptured, but it did more damage to the Garigt attackers than it did to the Nahlin defenders inside.

*     *     *

The petardier regiment that was sent to the left, bordering the Cliff-face of Idor-Rem, was more successful, for they armed the petard-box and managed their retreat to the rolling-shield in time. The wall quaked, and many upon the ramparts were thrown high or buried beneath a mountain of fallen brick. But the wall was not breached, and so the rolling-shield went forth again, and from either side great doors were opened and planks of wood were pushed out. These acted as further shields for the sappers, Garigt soldiers simply armed, yet deadly to fortresses that may withstand even the blast of a barrage of catapult fire. The sappers raced out, digging furiously at the walls, while others looked for cracks and holes within the brickwork, and into these they fed rope tied around prongs of steel. They lit these with fire and made a silent prayer that the heat would melt the mortar that sealed the bricks. Thus did both groups tarry long and hard as the battle raged around them, and many of them fell to arrow or rock, but their work did not go unrewarded, for slowly it was shown that the walls began to weaken, and when the rolling-shield had made its final retreat, then came the direction of the catapults upon them.

*     *     *

But the defenders of Nahragor were not content with merely firing arrows, for soon the gates were opened and a great shadow, blacker than the darkest night, crawled forth. It spread like water unleashed, as if the gates of the Black Bastion were a dam, and it rose like a deadly black wave. Behind the shadow marched an army of Nahliners, dark and grim, Men corrupted and twisted to the Will of Agon.
So they have made their answer, Geldirana said. They have sent forth shadow, and thus must it be met with light. She arose not as the Way-thane of the Garigt, grim and imperious, but as the Alar Ardnar, beaming with an immense inner light, and standing tall as a warrior who feared neither pain nor death.
What is this which you speak of? Galon said, growing nervous, staring into the gloom with expectant eyes. I see a darkness in the distance, but I cannot tell what it is. Pray, what new evil has Nahragor unleashed?
An evil that is not new, Geldirana told him. But you see only a shadow of the Shadow, for it is only by the eyes of the Ardnari, and those graced with the sight of gods, that the true nature of what comes hither from the gloom of Nahragor is revealed.
She strode out from under the canopy of the pavilion and gave another long gaze across the battlefield. She turned slowly and looked at Galon. This is where the dark rumours of Nahragor come true, general. This is where the mares of night creep into the mires of day. Get your garig ready.
Galon nodded, bowed, and quickly set off to his regiment, called by his people a garig, which included all in his extended family. Gathering, they called it in the Common Tongue, and a garig was as close in peace as it was in war.
Ana, Geldirana called. A young woman came hurrying, carrying a belt and scabbard. If I am to fall in battle, I would that Galon take the Way-thane in my stead. It is not by my choice that he or she who shall succeed me shall be announced, but I would that my wishes were known. Let us pray that Oelinor, at least, shall offer me some protection from the Candle in the north, and Rathar some shielding from the west, for I doubt that he feels yet ready to take the Alar unto himself.
And you, Way-thane? Ana asked. Are you ready?
No one really is, Ana. It is too late for that. Now I must get ready for battle. Arm me. I will fight with sword and mace and flail, and the enemies of the Garigt shall know us by the insults against our race, for where there is grace in my attire, there is none in my way of battle. Blood shall rain upon the soil, and I shall cleave the heads from my foes as if they were frail fruits upon a training fence.
It will be a bloody day. Blood for the Garigt! Ana said, speaking the old battle cry of her people. May you kill many in honour of our ancestors.
And you, Geldirana said.
And so Geldirana was armed with her sword. She donned thick leather armour and gloves, yet still she wore the dress beneath, a hidden elegance beneath the brute of the brown leather on top. Upon her back a great many weapons were stored in straps: mace, flail, bastard sword, and a pair of curved daggers, an heirloom of her ancestors. Thus attired she left the canopy of her pavilion and approached Galon at the edge of the battlefield.
Long have I loathed the name given to us by many in Boror, she said. Yet today we shall be barbarians in battle, for we shall be barbaricwe shall be brutal. We shall ask no quarter, for none shall be given to us. In payment we offer no mercy to any that come from the shadow of Nahragor. Then she paused for a moment. Give Geldon the word. He must get Ifferon into Nahragor as soon as we distract the shadow. May Corrias bless us with a long distraction.
And a long life thereafter, Galon said, clasping his hands together in prayer. Geldon is my brother in blood, but he is also my brother in battle. I would that we could fight together here on the battlefield as part of my own garig, but he has a mighty duty like unto your own.
You have many brothers on this battlefield, Galon, the Way-thane replied. Many are better warriors than Geldon too. His skill is in secrecy. He is the Brother of the Veil now, and will shroud the secret weapons of our warfare.
I am honoured, then, to fight alongside my sister in battle, be there blood or not, Galon said.
Good, Galon. I will need you. You are the general of my army. I cannot be the Way-thane today. The Alar Molokrn is coming. I must face him as an Ardnar. It will be a grave battle, but, by the Will of Corrias, I shall not meet my grave this day! Shadow will come. Rain will come. And we shall face it with open arms and hardened hearts!

*     *     *

Then the rain came. Clouds drew close, and from a great rift in the sky came a torrent, harsh and sudden. It was a dark rain, a black rain of soot and slime and mire. It was not water, but the murk of bog and the filth of the black fields of Nahlin. And it came down like an avalanche of dim snow, a hale as harsh as the wrath of Corrias and the ruin of Agon.
But it was not the rain that broke the armies of the Garigt. The weather was but the forerunner of the will that worked it, the living mood of a monster not yet come. The Garigt peered through the gloomand then they saw the gloom peer back at them.
The Molokrn had come. The Gates of Nahragor opened. A clang and a clatter echoed out as the hinges were unloosed, mimicked by a sudden thunder and lightning in the sky, brief flashes of light just long enough to illuminate the darkness, to irradiate the terror. The shadow poured out, voluminous to the eyes of those who could see it. Those who could not could still feel it in the pit of their faltering hearts.
We wait for no one, Geldirana said. Her soldiers looked to her, confused and frightened. She struck one of them with the back of her hand. We wait for no one! she cried, stepping onto the field of blackness set before them. She raised a spear into the air and gave a cry that would have made the gods quail. A bolt of lightning sparked in the heavens and struck the tip of the spear, setting it alight. Blood for the Garigt! she shouted.
And so her armies set forth. Fear was choked by courage, panic slain by valour. The Garigt soldiers knew not what horrors they would face, but they raced down to meet them nonetheless. Spearmen charged. Swordsmen charged. Horsemen charged.
Then the Spectres of the Molokrn charged, and all was met with darkness.

*     *     *

Quick! Weve been given the word, Geldon said. He ushered the company toward the Dark Forest of Idor-Hol, which looked like a mire of thorns within a deadly black web.
I do this not willingly, Dlin said.
If I had a flame, then this forest would burn, HerrDon said. And it would be the Flattened Forest of HerrDon the Great.
It would burn you the quicker, Dlin remarked.
Geldon nodded. Let us pass through quickly ere the burning begins, for the soil here is hot, and it is said that it eats people as they walk, and some are taken whole in the jaws of the earth.
They pressed forth, crouching as they went, for they followed the movements of Geldon, who kept low to the ground. There is better light here, he said, for a toxic fog lies in the upper reaches of the trees, and it dulls the light and dims the brain.
I doubt HerrDon will like crawling on all fours, Aralus said with a grin.
I dislike death all the more, HerrDon replied.
They crawled through the trees, feeling the burn of the earth tearing into their skin. They used their sleeves or cloaks to protect their hands, but even then the heat soon become unbearable. Just as their wills began to falter, they came to the edge of the Forest again, for Geldon would not stray too far inland, for fear of the evils rumoured within. They crouched at the edge of the Forest near the right side of Nahragor, and they witnessed the Siege that had begun.
The Molokrn go forth, Geldon whispered. The time is ripe, and will get no riper. We must take the secret ways.

*     *     *

The wave of Spectres, led by the Molokrn, crashed down upon the Garigt armies and crushed them in darkness. Fear and panic were felt by all, and many were fleeing, madly flailing their arms as they raced back up the Valley. But Geldirana marched down with Galon, and her white dress flickered amidst the shadow like a candle flame, and many, upon seeing her, grew new resolution, rejoining their army. Ever as she marched a great following came behind her, and then she came upon the Shadow Host with a fire and fury that they had not seen before.
Her spear took the brunt of them, and there was the sound of deathly shrieks upon the wind. A wailing gust came down and it seemed that a vaporous smoke was rising into the air, borne on the winds of Hals. A spark of lightning still clung to the tip of that spear, and it seemed that each thrust she made with it was as the thrusts of ten spearmen, skewering a dozen dark figures and forcing them to fade away. Then as the next wave drew in close she gave a yell and her companions gave her space, for she grabbed her mace and spun around, clubbing through the shadow in a frightful frenzy.
But not all the Garigt fared so well, for none could see as she could, and they flailed wildly in the darkness, some striking Spectre, some striking nothing, and others striking the heads, backs or limbs of their fellow Garigt warriors. Even those who made a head-on charge, destroying the shadow in front of them, were consumed by a new wave, which flanked them in darkness. The Molokrn bore down on all in sight, tearing them apart, devouring their will. Men and women were sucked into nothingness or thrown into the air, while some were torn limb from limb with an awful wail of agony. All who faced the Molokrn fell, except Geldirana and Galon, who battled to the bitterness of their failing strength. Then the Molokrn withdrew.
It goes ill, Galon said, shaking his head. 
It shall go more ill, Geldirana called, nodding towards the open gate of Nahragor.
They havent closed it yet, Galon said. How foolish of them.
They are not fools, Galon. Even if we breached their first wave of shadow, another is coming.
There was a dim glimmer at the door of the Black Bastion. A new power had arisen. A new darkness had awoken from the Crypt of Tol-mari, and it travelled the haunted winds until it emerged from the Alar Kalakrn of Nahragor, sensing the power of the Alar Ardnar set in wait for him.
This is my battle, Geldirana said. My death, my doom. I have faced the evil of death with the Elixir of Life, and no Lord of Shadow shall take that from me. This is the valley of shadow and decay. This is the terrain of torture and tears. I fear no darkness; I fear no end; I fear no evil. And I cry for no one!
But her speech was broken by a creeping thought, a crawling phantom voice. You will cry for me, it said. You will die for me.
The Lichelord came forth.

*     *     *

Here is the entrance, Geldon said.
A wall, you mean, Aralus corrected.
Yes, Geldon replied, and a secret entrance. He pointed up and they saw that there was a small opening several metres above their head. To the casual glance it looked little more than a groove in the rock, too small and out of reach to even use as a foothold.
Ah, Aralus said. Pity we sent the Al-Ferian boy away. He was as close to the size of a mouse as any of us.
Dlin gave him a sharp look, but was consumed by worries of his own. I was never very good at climbing, least of all in full plate armour.
That matters little, Geldon said. These vines in the wall will hold even the heaviest of us, for they grow from whatever evil magic gave life to Idor-Hol. Our scouts have tested them.
Were any of your scouts as heavy as Dlin? Aralus asked. I dont see much in the way of armour that the Garigt wear.
We wear enough, Geldon responded, tapping his leather breastplate. Now come! We have little time. Unless you wish for the Molokrn to finish with Geldirana and come after us.
They clambered up the vines and ducked into the small enclosing, Elitha reluctantly leaving her thalgarth outside. The inside of the hole was also covered in vines, and it took HerrDon many long moments to break through the web. 
Its pretty dark in here, he called back. I hope someone brought a torch.
We can use no light, Geldon said. It will attract the darkness.
And it might also get rid of the darkness in this hole, HerrDon said, but fair enough, let us crawl in blindness.
And they crawled, for the roof was low, and it turned many times without notice. HerrDon gave a groan as he smacked his head off a wall in front of him, and ever after he held one hand aloft to feel his way.
Ive heard you can hear better with your mouth open, he said after a time of wandering.
Perhaps, Aralus said, but unless it helps you see better, then I dont think it matters much here.
I would not leave my mouth open in this place, Dlin remarked. Corrias only knows what foul things lurk within.
Soon they were free of the darkness, for HerrDon nearly fell from an opening within the Bastion itself, and this led into a small storeroom, dimly lit with a single torch in the corner. When all had clambered out from the tunnel and brushed the dust, moss, and cobwebs from their clothes, they peered into the corridor that led into the room.
No one to be seen, HerrDon said.
If our Siege was not active there would be guards everywhere, Geldon told them. But there may still be some, so we must be careful.
My idea of careful is run where we need to and run back out again as quickly as we can, HerrDon said. Who needs a hunter if the prey walk right into the cage? Why guard a trap?
HerrDon is right, Dlin said. There is something evil here, something amiss.
Of course there is something evil here, Geldon said. This is the fortress of the enemy. Everything here is evil. Everything is amiss. But come, we tarry when we must hurry, for each word spoken is the death of ten of my people.
Only ten? Aralus quizzed, and he smiled. Ah, count that twenty then.
They sneaked towards the corridor, which was dimmer than the room they were in, for there were no torches or shafts of light. But their eyes had adjusted to the darkness of the tunnel they had come from, so they could yet make out their way in the dullness ahead. Onwards they crept, stalking through the corridors, turning here and there where the passage shifted suddenly. They passed several barred doors which Dlin and HerrDon tried to open, but they would not budge, and the company considered this luck, for they did not want to know what evils were kept locked inside.
Geldirana was shown in a dream where the Kalakrn lies, Geldon said. It is beneath the foundations, at the centre of the building.
Like all the others, HerrDon added.
So we go down, Aralus said.
Nay, we go up, Geldon replied, for she saw that there was but one way to reach the chambers where the Crypt lies, and this is from the very top tower of the Bastion. We must ascend ere we plummet down, and then when we strike ruin upon it we must ascend again ere we flee down the way we came.
Sounds easy, Aralus jested. If the Molokrn dont get us in the mean time, perhaps well die of exhaustion from running up and down so many stairs.
Im sure it will be nothing, HerrDon boasted. Stairs never stopped me.
The lack of stairs might, Geldon said, for I know not if there are stairs to these places. Perhaps we may need rope or ladder, or worse we may need to make our way down a slope with little for hand or foot to hold.
Perhaps the Molokrn will give us a hand back up again, Aralus suggested.
Perhaps, Geldon said, but let us think less evilly. We may die in our attempt, but we must still forge ahead.
This will not be my grave, HerrDon said. Even if I have to crawl back here from Hals to haul my body to a more fitting resting place.
You may yet, Aralus said.

*     *     *

The Molokrn made a second advance on the Garigt armies. The Lichelord watched from the Gate as the shadow spread, and then he cast his eyes upon Geldirana, who cleaved and stabbed and sliced and thrust. Her vesture was as an Aelora unrobed, light flaying this way and that, striking the darkness with more force than any spear against body or ram against door.
Snarling like a thousand wolves, the Lichelord shot forth, and his movement was as a tide that knows no bounds. All who stood in his way were struck down and washed away by the wall of blackness that arose before them. The shadow flayed and lashed and whipped like torn and battered cloth. It rose from the ground like smoke and it clung to it like bony claws, thin probing fingers worming through the soil.  Horns grew up from the shadowed head like the arising of dark towers upon a hill of black, and the body dripped down into a vast silhouette of gloom, where no legs were visible.
Geldirana struck the wall of shadow, and she was thrown suddenly back, for the force could stay an avalanche, or set one in motion. The breath was knocked from her, and she gasped, and the impact of the earth kicked a second puff of air from her lungs. Galon ran to her and pulled her to her feet, but there was no time before the Lichelord was upon them again. Galon saw naught but a sudden blackness, as if his very eyes had been plucked from his headand that would have been mercy, for the Lichelord seized him, and the grip of those claws was as the icy touch of death. Galon felt the blackness seep into him like water, and then it felt as though worms were burrowing through his body, eating away at him, tearing him apart from inside. And it was not mere feeling, for so it was that the Alar Molokrn stole his life, devouring him and leaving a frail shell of a body mangled on the ground below. Then the Lichelord swelled up, bulging with the fullness of his feast, like a monstrous fat spider that had sucked the juices and the jelly from its screaming prey.
Geldirana cowered, for the sight was like staring into the heart of terror itself. She saw it not with her eyes alone, for it seemed to filter into her. It was said that all who looked upon the Lichelord and his prey would be struck with an affliction of shadow, and they would rock in the deepness of the night, and they would be fey and frail and frightened, for all things would remind them of the horror they had witnessed. But such was not so for the Way-thane, for the light and life of the Ardnari swelled within her, just as the Lichelord swelled with the light and life of Galon. She stood again, her golden hair unleashed, clattering against the wind as her dress was sent affray.
A brave one, the Lichelord said, and it seemed as if he were licking his lips, as if a long, black tongue were sliding out of an eternal abyss. Know that the Shadow quells all fires, for naught but darkness can exist in the Void. He lunged a great, long arm at her, but she ducked out of the way and hewed at it with her sword.
Nothing can exist in the Void, she said. If you can reside there, then you are nothing, and I do not fear you.
But you shall, he replied, and it seemed then that a cloak had been cast in her face, but in reality it was her mind that fell under the shawl of shadow. She felt as one blind, and then she felt a myriad of clawing, crawling things upon her. She dropped her sword, screaming, and she batted her body, striking naught but her own flesh, for there was naught else there.
Then she heard a voice as if from afar, and it was Oelinors. Ard, he said, but his voice was like a gentle water that washed over her, and she felt the crawling cease, and then the blindness was dispelled, for a burst of light came from the centre of her being. Now she was aglow, beaming with a subtle light that stayed the darkness.
I am an Ardnar, she cried, and she took out her mace and held it aloft. I am a Warden of the Light, and you shall know me in the bitter moments of your sleep, for my strikes shall be as torment itself, and you will quail and quake before me!
It seemed then that the Lichelord grimaced, as if the words she spoke were like a bad taste in the abyss of his mouth. His shadow lessened, but he did not quail or quake. You think too highly of yourself, Warden. But think all you will, for you are not yet high enough. He reared to his full height, which was as tall as three of the tallest people, for his normal nature was to stoop low to the earth, where he resided before he was torn from it in the moment of Moloks cruel creation so many ages ago. It seemed then to Geldirana that she looked upon Tol-mari or some other tower of darkness, but she would not baulk to its might, even if death came hastening.
And it did, for soon the Lichelord was upon her again, and he threw her once more. Even as she landed he swooped in another time, and she felt the icy touch as he mauled herand she was paralysed.  The Lichelord drew his face towards her as he crouched over her body, a mountain of black, and she saw that he had no eyes, and yet she could see her own in that gloom; she could see the fear and the horror, and she could watch as the life was sucked from the very essence of her being. She struggled to avert her gaze, and the struggle was as life against the cold grip of death. She fought against the bondage of paralysis to grip again the mace that had slipped from her hand, but all was to no avail. The darkness took her.
But it was not the end, for suddenly the Lichelords attention was seized, as if by the hand of a more potent power. A lasting wail spread across the battlefield, and then the Shadow Host seemed to cease and fade away, like a black smoke in a heavy wind. All but the Molokrn remained, and they faced a vast Garigt army, huge even with heavy losses, and there was a sudden fear upon them, for a Telm-cry had been called, and it came from the vaults of Nahragor, where Ifferon read aloud the Scroll of Mestalarin near the Crypt of the Alar Kalakrn.
Geldirana was spared, and the Lichelord shot back across the battlefield, as did the other Molokrn, who were closer to the Keep. They ignored the Garigt, who hacked and hewed at them as they passed. The Garigt gave chase, but their speed could not match the fleeing shadow. It passed in a moment and went suddenly up the walls of the Black Bastion itself. Wisps of dark and drapes of black crawled upon the rock, dragging across the cracks and crags. Long, flayed fingers mauled the stone, their shadow seeping into the brick and mortar. The Molokrn made their way up the walls of Nahragor, like phantoms returning to a nightmare.

*     *     *

Quick! Geldon called, but they needed no encouragement, for they felt the attention of the Molokrn set upon them from afar. The company had sneaked through the empty passages of the secret ways of Nahragor, had come to its summit, and had broken the door that led to the Crypt. There they had descended a thin, frail ladder, and it seemed that they had climbed into the depths of Hals before they reached the bottom. Time was not tarried, for Ifferon immediately took the Scroll out and read aloud the words, and an earthquake struck, rupturing the foundations. The Alar Kalakrn collapsed in on itself, and the company struggled back up the ladder, hoping they would not walk into the mauling hands of the Molokrn.
When they had reached the summit again the first of the Molokrn had come to the window of the room. He crawled in and rose before them, until the specks of stars that could be seen from the window were swallowed in his mass. The company froze for a moment, but then HerrDon pushed them; some tripped and fell, and Ifferon struck a candelabrum near the doorway. It toppled over like a tower crumbling, and its withered candle struck the Scroll that the cleric held aloft; the flame snatched the edge of the parchment, and Ifferon felt a fever in his soul as the fire spread across the page like a plague. A deathly shriek filled the air, the cry of Telm before his end, and it forced the Molokrn back towards the window, where it fell like a rag from a great height. The Scroll still burned, but there was no time for pause, no moment to douse the flames. They made for the door with a haste as if Death were behind them.
They charged down dark chambers, through long corridors, and around steep bends. Even though they could not see the shadow in pursuit, their hearts were as the battering of fists against fortress doors, and their limbs were as the feet of hurried gods. No trip or fall could slow them. No bruise or sprain could stop them. Onwards and downwards they went, until suddenly they turned another bend and saw Thos standing before them. This would have been their death, for the shock slowed their limbs and left them speechless, but fear was now an ally, and it urged them on and gave them voice.
Thos! Dlin cried. Quick! Back! Run!
The boy was as dumbfounded as they and stood confused until Dlin ran up and grabbed him in his arms, never slowing in his flight. The heaving pants and heavy footfalls of the fleeing company rose to a roaring clamour, yet still they could hear the faint words that drifted from Thos lips.
Nan ah! he called. Nan ah!
Elitha suddenly slowed, and HerrDon turned to her, urging her for a translation with expectant eyes. No way, she said.
No way? HerrDon quizzed, but before he or any other could ask further they made another turn, the last remaining to them, and found that they were in a large storeroom. There was no other way out but back up the passage from where they had come, back where the Molokrn were advancing. There was no way out. It was a dead end.
Back! HerrDon cried, but they could not go back. Already a darkness came down behind them, and they recoiled from the entrance.
Barricade the door! Dlin shouted. They shut the door and jammed it with wood and crate and anything they found nearby. Soon it was sealed, and they backed away and took new breath again.
I dont understand, HerrDon said. Where did Thos come from?
I thought you sent him away? Thalla said to Dlin.
He was obviously lying, Aralus remarked. Hed rather bring him into danger.
Adon took him last night, Dlin explained. I ... He rode out many hours ago to Boror. This does not make sense!
Theres some evil at work here, HerrDon said. Its toying with our minds.
How can this be a dead end? Aralus asked. Thos came from here. How can it be a dead end? How did he get in? How did he even know we were here?
Then Thos seemed to answer, and he pointed to Ifferon, saying: al.
Great, Aralus said. He thinks youre a god. Now, Ifferon, is there any chance you want to do something godly and get us out of here?
I would if I could, Ifferon said, but I claim no power.
Perhaps you should start claiming, HerrDon suggested. Or this will really be a dead end for us.
We need to get out of here, Thalla said. In moments they will be here. They know where we are. All they have to do is get through that door.
Is there naught that a Child of Telm can do? HerrDon said, and Ifferon saw a desperation in his eyes, as if for once the Prince of Boror did not feel powerful.
Ifferon took the burned Scroll from his pocket, and his heart sank. Half of it was still there, charred and smouldering, but what is half the power of a dead god? What are the Last Words if they no longer make a sentence? HerrDon hung his head as Ifferon showed the ruined parchment.
We are safe, Geldon said, for a time.
You Garigt have some strange notions of safe, Aralus said. Lock me in the house of my enemy and call me safe.
We are safe! Geldon yelled.
But they were not.
Suddenly there came a great bang upon the door, as if a heavy hammer had been launched against it. The door shook, the hinges loosened, and dust sprang from the walls from the force of the quake.
They are trying to get in! Thalla cried.
Long black wisps of fingers probed beneath the door, feeding through the recess and crawling further in, like the spread of a wave of black beetles. Another thump came upon the door, and then a second set of clawing fingers.
Can you do something? HerrDon asked Thalla. With magic. Surely there is some ward you can use? Did Melgals not teach you aught?
I do not have a Beldarian, she replied.
You wont have a life if you dont do something!
There is a word of warding, she said. But it takes time. I need time!
We shall give you time! HerrDon said, unsheathing his sword.
Cerranath! Thos cried in the tongue of the Ferian. He cowered in the corner, clutching Dlins hand.
Keep that child quiet! Geldon shouted. Hes not helping!
Whats he saying? HerrDon asked.
The Shadow! Elitha said.
Ashanath em nasseleth, Thos whispered, his voice quavering like his limbs. It seemed that he was about to collapse, so Dlin took him up in his arms.
The hands of darkness, Elitha translated. It seems he can see this shadow better than the keenest of sight among us.
He has the clearsight? Ifferon quizzed.
We must barricade the door even more, Dlin shouted, and so he set Thos down upon a sack of grain in the corner and dragged another sack towards the entrance. There was another monstrous bang, followed by more reaching shadow at the base of the door. 
We must get something to block their hands, HerrDon said. He and Aralus went to the cabinet on the far side of the room. They grabbed one of the doors and reefed it from its hinges. It splintered and broke, but the piece they had pulled from it was large enough to span the width of the door. They stamped with their boots upon the shadow at the door, and they shivered, for their feet grew icy cold through the leather from the mere touch. A shriek was heard outside, followed by an even greater bang against the door. Then they shoved the plank of wood into the gap beneath, pushing it until it jammed and no more shadow leaked into the room.
But something pushed back. The plank was shoved into the room, and a great black smoke poured in. Then a horrid black hand, like the claw of Death, came under the door and grabbed at Geldons ankle. He gave a ghastly yell, as if he had suddenly been immersed in a lake of ice. His eyes went grey and his jaw went limp and wide, and it seemed to all that he would be swallowed in his own mouth, sucked into a newly-crafted abyss. 
Help him! Thalla called, and as she spoke Elitha sliced at the hand with her dagger, but it merely loosened the grip. HerrDon took his sword and slashed down at it, and it was severed by the force, which tore into the floorboards, splintering the wood. The black hand around Geldons leg began to fade, but it faded into him, causing a thick black scar where it had touched, as if it had already gone gangrenous. Dlin caught him as he fell, but his foot snapped off and the blackness seemed to spread within him. Dlin recoiled, for it seemed that it was rising up to meet him.
We need to seal the gap! HerrDon said. He jammed the wooden plank at the base of the door again, and Aralus helped him haul bags of grain on top to stop it from being pushed back in again.
Then they all withdrew from Geldon, for they did not like his look and feared his touch might infect them. None were familiar with the maladies of the Molokrn, but they needed no lessons, for Geldons affliction was enough to plague their minds.
But even as they retreated from him, Thos stepped forward, and Dlin called him back, but could not get to him in time. The boy walked to Geldon and placed his hand over his mouth, where the lips were turning black, and he held it there for a second and seemed to whisper something. Then there was the sound of a long, slow exhalation as the last breath of Geldon filled the airand he was dead.
Suddenly the room dimmed, as if the candles had been put out by a sudden breeze. Fear fell upon them like the collapsing of buildings, crushing their spirits and making rubble of their courage. They thought the door had been breached and that the room had been consumed entirely by blackness and shadow. 
But they were wrong. A new light shone forth, and they saw that Thallas face was glowing blue. She looked suddenly older, sterner, more terrible to behold. Her arms were upraised, and upon her palms were pale blue circles filled with pale blue runes. She walked towards the door and placed her hands upon it. There was a terrible sound of rending steel, as if a great metal door had slammed shut. The gaps between the door tightened until not even an insect could crawl through. Then Thalla was thrown back, collapsing into HerrDons arms, and they saw that upon the door were blue handprints filled with the runes of warding. Thallas hands were scorched, for the power that was channelled through her was too potent without the protection of a Beldarian.
But even as Thalla sealed the door, it seemed that an immense force had come upon it, and the ward was instantly strained. What might have stayed armies was turned to a single bolt across a wooden door which faced an onslaught like a dozen battering rams.
The Lichelord is here! Ifferon cried. It seemed as if the Shadowlord had come forth not only to the door, but into Ifferons mind. Dark eyes peered into his soul, threatening to devour him. I will eat you, he whispered to Ifferon. I will eat your family. I will eat your friends.
But the others needed no announcement, for they had sensed him too, and before they could answer, the walls around the door began to shake. Bricks loosened and scree fell. The stone answered to the Lichelords call.
A dark, chill voice seeped into the room: Your little magics are a mockery of Aelor. Do you really think that a door can stop us? Do you really think that stone can stay me?
An earthquake came. The ground shook, boxes fell, and the company stumbled. It seemed as if the very cement between the stone burned away. Bricks pushed in, breaking in pieces as they clattered to the ground. The companys fortress was breached, their haven crumbling.
But this new Lichelord had yet to confront the full might of the Alar Ardnar. The time had come.
Avaunt, Shadow! Geldirana called from the hallway, her voice strong, her tone menacing. Flee as your brothers do before the light. You know me not, yet we have duelled, but you know my station, and it is by the grace of Corrias that I stand before you now, strong and fearless!
A blast of light followed, and it seemed as though a supernova had occurred, blinding and burning them all. When they had come to again, the presence of the Molokrn had gone. Ifferon could see in the eye of his mind that they were chasing her down the hallway, hounding her as she led them away from Ifferon with some spell of luring. He did not know if it was love or duty that made her do such a thing.
Theyve gone, HerrDon said, breathing again. 
Aralus approached the door, which crumbled as he placed his hand upon it. I dont think that would have held them much longer, he said.
But all were too shaken to respond, and Thalla still gazed at the remains of Geldon, which slowly crumbled onto the floor, as one turned to sand. Is this the fate of those struck by the Molokrn? she asked.
Let us not linger to find out, HerrDon replied. This is but a brief reprise, though may it be long for Geldiranas sake.
He peered out into the corridor, still wary, for he expected some dark figure to jump out and seize him. But nothing did. All that lingered in the hallway was silence, deathly and haunting. Grey smoke rose from the floor, which looked like rubble, burned and broken as if the siege had made its way right into the heart of the citadel. And perhaps it had, Ifferon thought, for he wondered how Geldirana had managed to get in.
I think they went left, HerrDon said. So we should go right to avoid them. If it were up to me, I would go left to chase them down like the moon chases darkness into the crags of rocks. They would flee, as all things of right mind do, before the terror that is HerrDon the Great when unleashed like a ball of flaming might from a catapult of justice!
Perhaps youd like to do that while we go right? Aralus suggested.
Dear Olagh, no! Who would defend you should they come back this way? No, Geldirana must fend for herself, for I am honour-driven to go right, or left if they went right, for that is where Ifferon goes, and he is in my charge.
I did not know of such contract, Ifferon said.
It was not of verb, HerrDon replied. An understanding between two great minds, you might say. But come, we must carry on with our journey. We succeeded in our mission to infiltrate the Bastion, but I think perhaps that Geldirana used us to distract the Molokrn from her armies. Never trust the Garigt to tell you the whole of the matter.
Even if that were so, Ifferon said, has she not played a distraction herself? It was a dangerous thing to challenge them alone, but I expect she shall return.
You give her too much credit, Ifferon, Aralus said. She may not return at all! He laughed heartily, but none of the others were much amused.
Let us move on, Thalla said. Ere we think our own deaths are amusing. She stepped out into the corridor. We go right.

*     *     *

And so they went down the battered hallway, stumbling over fallen bricks and slipping on a sea of dust. Often they grabbed at the walls to stable themselves, but it seemed that the walls would shift. They did not touch them again, for fear that they would collapse inwards. They turned a corner in the corridor, and their hearts sank, for there, ahead of them, was an identical corridor, and further on: the anticipation of another. They stopped at the second turn, tired, for the corridors were long, longer in thought for their monotony. They rested as they could, leaning upon some fallen bricks, and drinking of what water they had brought with them, for the dust frequently caught like sand in their throats.
It was then, after a moment of silent rest that Thos stood before Ifferon and talked to him. Callim i th Arith, he said, staring deeply into Ifferons eyes, and for a moment Ifferon felt as though the boy could somehow see through all the veils and masks he had put up. Callim i th alel em Arith, Silel em ala. ala? ala bis bha? He looked about, confused. It seemed as though he did not know where he was, or who these strange people were. Bewilderment mingled with fear and he recoiled from them.
What is he saying? Ifferon asked, partly from curiosity, but mostly to wrestle his mind from the intent gaze that had been set upon him.
I see Light in you, Elitha said. I see a God of Light in you, a Child of God. God? Where is God?
Thos started panicking then, shaking and clambering, shouting and screaming in the tongue of the Al-Ferian. Dlin grabbed him and held him, but the boy struggled and grew more and more distressed.
We need to do something, Dlin said. This is all going wrong!
You should not have brought him, HerrDon said.
I told you to leave him behind, Aralus added.
You told him to kill him! Elitha shouted.
Dlin shook his head violently. I didnt bring him. He followed us.
You brought him to the Old Keep, Aralus stated.
Hes just a risk, HerrDon said. We dont even know who he is. He could be one of them, for Olaghs sake!
Hes not, Dlin assured them. I know hes not.
How do you know? Aralus asked. Do not tell me it is your heart that told you, for the heart is the deceiver of great minds. It is the subtle slayer of sharp thinking, and its wounds are hard to undo.
I know it in my soul, Dlin said. I know because ... it seems like Corrias is telling me that there is more to this, something big, something important. It seems like Issar wanted me to join Ifferon on this journey, not just to help him, but for something else. Maybe Thos is that something else.
Or maybe you have deluded yourself, Aralus said. And that seems more likely to me. Ah, so much for your idol, HerrDon. He is much weaker in person than he is in the fables. And fables they are, are they not?
They are not, Dlin snapped. He stood, holding Thos close to him. The boy had quietened, but still mumbled strange words to himself. And if you would know the validity of the tales about me, about my might, about my honour, and about how I have no quarrel with using my might to defend my honour, then I am game to play your little game, to put your foul mouth and sly hands to the test.
Oh, the knight has gotten a bit upset, Aralus mocked, placing his hands over his mouth, pretending he was fearful. What are you going to do, Dlin? Tuck me into bed when youve said goodnight to the boy?
I will say goodnight to you first, the knight spat, setting Thos down again and unsheathing his sword.
Thalla stepped in front of him, holding her hands out; they still smoked from the char of the door. This is not the way, Dlin.
Idle threats are the way for Dlin, Aralus said. Hes too old to act on them.
But youre not too young to die! Dlin shouted, pushing forth. HerrDon joined Thalla between the two, keeping them at bay from one another.
Stop this! This wont solve anything!
Leave them be, Thalla, Elitha said. I know who ala favours in this battle, and Aralus will come out of it without a tongue, if he comes out at all. Let them fight. Dlins honour has been questioned. It is the way of our people that such cases be tried under an open sky in an open battle.
But Dlin is not one of your people! Thalla shouted. This is madness! Do you not see? This is playing right into the Adversarys hands! He does not need to harm us if we do it to ourselves. All he has to do is create enough fear and doubt in us and we will do the rest. Resist the urge, be it righteous or not, and you resist Agon; you do not hearken to his call.
Dlin lowered his sword and sighed deeply. Thalla is right. Agon wants to tear us apart, but it is more fun for him to do it from the inside out, for it is from the inside that comes his own torment. Whether you will it or not, Aralus, you are a pawn in his game and your insults come as if from his mouth. Do you speak with the voice of Agon, Aralus? Do you speak not as a Man of Boror but as a Nahamon, a Dark Man?
Oh, spare me your speeches, Dlin, Aralus said. I speak for myself here. Dont be so arrogant to assume that anyone who speaks against you is voicing the thoughts of the Beast. Do you really think I serve anyone? I serve myself, Dlin. That is your problemyou try to serve Arlin, to serve Iraldas, to do justice and honour, to defend the righteous, the poor and the innocent. But where does it leave you, Trueblade? If you take a platter of bread to everyone before you, you will soon find that there is none left for yourself. Who do you serve, Dlin, and have you ever questioned why you serve them?
Yes, yes, Dlin said, I have. But I feel it is your time to spare speeches, for it will be a dark day ere I stoop to heed them.
Come! HerrDon said. Let us forget this moment of turmoil and continue on our journey, for there is long yet to
But there was a strange sound from around the corner, and all saw a wisp of shadow speed by. They recoiled, fearing the Molokrn had caught their scent, had finished with Geldirana and come back for them. But it was not the Molokrn. It was the voice of a man, deep and sonorous, brooding in some arcane tone. They peered around the corner to see a dark robed figure, cowled in shadow and veiled in darkness. He held a book aloft and spoke to an empty room, yet as if he thought there was an audience there.
Arise Agon! Arise ere the Ardnari slay your most potent servants. I am your emissary, your servant, your summoner. I bring the Book of the Beast and the Serpent Stones to channel your energy. It will raise the Gormathrong, the Circle-Serpent of Iraldas, the Snake of the World, the Elad n of the Void. He will come out from the Void and he will enter Hals, and there he will confront the Gatekeeper and kill him, kill that arrogant fool. Then you will be free, my Lord. Then your chains shall be broken, your bonds lifted, your cage unlocked. Climb up to me Agon, for I have word from your servants that the Scroll of the Last Words is burned. It is useless now. It cannot stop us. Arise Agon! Come forth to me! Come forth to devour the world and all who dwell in it!
No, HerrDon whispered, shaking his head. The Gormathrong? Corrias exiled him to the Void. Surely he cannot be raised. Hed eat us all, Agon included!
The servants of Agon would do just such a reckless thing to unleash him from his chains, Elitha said.
Then we must stop him, Dlin said. We must stop the Call of Agon.
They rushed in. HerrDon shouted and brandished his blade like a madman. Bow was strung and sword unleashed, and all gave a tumult of war cries as if from an army of hundreds. But it seemed that some trick had struck their eyes, for there was no one in the room, no Summoner before them. 
We must ... stop him, Dlin repeated, but his words were now riddled with doubt.
Then suddenly the dark figure was behind them. You will need haste as your consort then, he said, and was gone, turning the corner they had just come from.

XIX  AT THE FOOTHOLD OF DARKNESS



Quick! He went left! HerrDon shouted as they scrambled through another secret passage out of Nahragor, one which they saw the Summoner disappear into.
No, it was right, Elitha said. I have better sight than all of us.
I know a rat when I see one, HerrDon said, and I know where they run.
Thus did they quarrel for a time as they ran, chasing the elusive shadow of the Summoner that had thus far evaded them. Ifferon was growing to realise that some magic must have been on the Summoners heels, for his haste was not human. Indeed, they were not even sure if he was a Man, and if he was, they thought it likely that he was one of the Nahamoni, the Dark Men of the south.
He went left, HerrDon repeated.
You said that back in the corridors, Elitha said. And I disagreed with you, but we went left anyway, and we have not found him. I think he went right.
And what if we go right when he went left? HerrDon quizzed.
HerrDon is right, Dlin said. This is not just a matter of who has the best sense of direction here. If we lose him, then we have lost everything. We cannot risk that. We cannot leave this choice to chance.
Then what do you propose? Elitha asked.
We have to cover both routes, HerrDon said.
Yes, as much as I dislike the notion of splitting up, we must search both the Grey Hills and the Dark Forest, Dlin said.
What a choice! Aralus said. Can home not be one of them?
Well, Im going left, HerrDon said. So that means its the Grey Hills for me.
Youre just saying that because you do not want to enter Idor-Hol, Elitha said.
Not in the least, HerrDon replied. Why, I feel almost compelled by the curiosity in me to take Idor-Hol and rename it Idor-HerrDon, for it shall not be a Dark Forest for long once I have made claim to it.
Why would the Summoner go up the Grey Hills? Thalla asked. That just leads to the White Mountains. We would see his black robes on the canvass of snow from a mile away. Idor-Hol gives more cover.
So we might not see him at all, Aralus said. Even if we entered it.
But we have to try, Thalla stated.
I believe he went left, Dlin said. That is what my heart tells me, so I must take the Grey Hills with HerrDon.
Maybe the boy should go right then, Aralus said.
He will come with me, Dlin said. And you will go right if you know what is best for you.
You have no quarrel from me. Id rather be with a harlot-turned-Magus than a knight-turned-nanny.
Idor-Hol makes sense to me, Elitha said. So I will go with Thalla. I will not let Aralus out of my sight, so he will come with us and give you some peace from his tireless tongue. Perhaps when we return he may be relieved of it entirely.
Im starting to wonder if this is a plot for Elitha to get me alone in a forest to kill me, Aralus said. Or perhaps she will admit that her heart beats for me.
Im starting to think it might be the other way round, HerrDon said.
You took your time, Aralus replied, and his grin was sickening, for it seemed that his teeth were rotting in his mouth.
They made their way north-west from the smouldering ruin of Nahragor, which still stood on a treacherous foundation, clinging to shape and structure. Few eyes followed their trail, for battle still raged in the Krnror, the Shadow Vale, where a legion of Nahamoni fought with the dwindling forces of the Garigt. It was not long before the company came to a two-pronged path, one leading to the Grey Hills, the other leading into the murk and fog of Idor-Hol. This was known as the Saras Adalach, the Serpent Tongue, and it seemed to the party that this was a name of ill boding, for they thought of the Gormathrong, the Lumbering Leviathan, who is known as Silsarasin deIraldasin, the Circle-Serpent of the World.
Now that it comes to it, my heart pangs at this parting, Dlin said. There is an evil doom ahead of us, I fear, and yet we must march to face it. I am glad not to be entering again the dim and choke of Idor-Hol, and yet I am not glad to be taking the Grey Hills, for they seem not grey to me, but a duller shade of black. And what of the White Mountains? Are they the Amreni El or the Amreni Nahad, the Mountains of Darkness? I cannot say, for they are white with snow as the fields of Caeln, and yet my heart warns me of a black cloud ahead, and whither we go it shall follow, so that no path shall be undogged.
I grow weary of your lamenting, Aralus said. Save us all the sorrow, Dlin, and speak less, for you seem ever at odds with the world, harking back to bygone days. Those days are gone. They are dead. New days are ahead. These are our days. No dark god or demon, nor Beast or Summoner, shall hoard them and hinder our uprising.
HerrDon clapped his hands in agreement. Now come! Whoever shall trust the wisdom of my choice shall come with me up the Grey Hills, and we shall make a haste that will defy the Lord of Time.
He charged off, heeding no cry or call. He did not look back to see who would join him, and it seemed to the others that an immortal haste was upon his heels, one that might meet with that of the Summoner if he were up ahead. Dlin grabbed Thos and followed. His armour clinked and clanged as he went, and he stumbled here and there, yet he never faltered. Ifferon gave a final nod to his companions and then followed the two warriors, struggling to match their pace.

*     *     *

A stillness followed, where Thalla, Elitha, and Aralus stood in silence. They were taken aback by the abruptness of HerrDons charge, and it seemed to their eyes that they could already see him clambering up the hills, a black speck among the greyness. 
They turned and were greeted by the menace of Idor-Hol. The choking fog had crawled out to meet them, and they rolled their shoulders and cringed, thinking ill of their choice. Yet onwards they went, heeding no fear, into the murk and dank of the forest.
An air so poisonous, Aralus observed. Twould be a wonder indeed if a Man could hide here long.
If Man he is, Elitha replied. Yet I have little doubt, for such is the style of your people. It would surprise me little to pull down his hood and see your face grinning back at me.
That would surprise me! Aralus said. But you must think I have a twin, which I do not. My brother looks nothing like me. Daralus is his name.
And what is yours? Elitha asked, turning her hard gaze upon him again. For I have many names for you, and they are: Liar, Cheat, Scoundrel, Beggar of Darkness, and Bringer of Hate, and I have more yet in the Mannish tongue and endless ones in my native speech.
I grow tired of this bickering, Thalla said. No wonder the others were so eager to part. Let us just keep to our mission and speak only when we have something useful to say about the path ahead.
I have something useful to say, Aralus commented. There is no path ahead. A path leads into Idor-Hol, and there it vanishes, for Idor-Hol consumes all that come within. Including us. 

*     *     *

A fog was also upon the Grey Hills, and Ifferon wondered if the mist came from the Mountains and then into the Dark Forest, or if Idor-Hol generated its own murky haze, wafting it up into the hills. It mattered little where it came from, however, for either way it proved a barrier to their sight. They had not gone far up the Hills when they were engulfed in the mist, wading through it as if it were quicksand.
Let us hope this has slowed the Summoner as much as it does us, HerrDon said. It looked as though he was fighting with the smog, striking it with his fists and kicking at the smoke that clung to his legs.
But before long the fog began to fade, and the four felt naked to all sight. The vapour rose high into the Mountains, where it dissipated, and the company turned back to see that battle still raged in the Valley far below.
Suddenly they became aware of a fleeting blackness that was crawling up the hills behind them, as if a new fog, not grey but black, was pressing in. But this was no fog, for it moved with an evil speed, and before it ran the hounds of fear and dread.
The company froze in a moment of panic. They stood upon the hill in waitand it seemed like a lifetime they stood there, but soon their wait was over and the terror came quickening over the brink of the hill.
He came forth, the Lichelord of the Molokrn, sweeping up from the vast shadow and bringing his dark and daunting eyes upon them, deep and probing. Then the other Molokrn appeared, dark and fearsome, bearing up like looming mountains, a carriage of black that clung to their master.
Thos turned from them, closing his eyes and burying his head in Dlins chest, but as the Molokrn approached, Ifferon knew that the knight could not bear the boy and battle at the same time. The Shadowlord drew back and then darted forward towards them, and it seemed that he did not walk or run, but floated across the land at a dreadful speed. Wisps of shadow blew about him, and it seemed that they were like dark fingers, tearing into the soil as he passed.
Whispers came, as if from afar, and yet Ifferon knew that they were from the Shadowlords twisted mouth. But then, as he watched the thirteen figures loom, they faded, and it looked as if none had been there, but their presence lingered. Soon their darkness grew visible again. They glared and taunted, hissing and leaning forth, showing their claws, readying themselves to maul them.
Run! Dlin cried, his voice stolen by the wind. Do not slow for breath. Do not stop for air. Run!
And so they ran as fast as their fear drove them, like a stampede of hunted animals across a wide and open plain. Terror whipped at their ankles and dread loomed up behind them like a pouncing predator. They could not see, not even if they looked behind them, which only HerrDon and Dlin dared to do, but something great and terrible followed.
And suddenly a new wonder appeared ahead over the line of the horizon, a stone-ringed dolmen, a Greater Ilokrn. It stood like a sentry of the forgotten years, guarding some vast and ancient power. And there it stood, just moments away: a safe haven, an oasis in the vastness of a desert of black shadow. Safety stood before them, just out of reach, while peril advanced quickly on their heels.
To the Shadowstone! HerrDon called. Haste!
Time seemed to slow and each dreadful step seemed like a final beat of their hearts. The darkness hung about their shoulders and an icy breath came creeping up their backs. Panic swept in on them like a crashing wave, and it occurred to them all that they would die mere feet away from the Ilokrndead on the doorstep of safety.
But it was not the end. For just as all hope faded and they felt the gnawing shadow come upon them, they passed within the circle of small stones that bore the Wards of the Taar Earls. They came to the dolmen at the centre of these stones and turned sharply, peering out into the growing gloom.
These are the Wards of the Ancient Days, Dlin shouted. May Issar smite you for ever setting foot in her old domain!
But a cruel laugh came in answer. We smote Issar and before her eyes we smote her consort. Even as we speak, the River Man lies at the bottom of the River where he belongs, and death is his new spouse now. Heed us, Dlin DeMarius, for we come to show you the Truth.
And suddenly the knight backed away, as if a serpent had arisen and sprang at him. A horror worse than death was in his eyes, and he recoiled, pushing Thos behind him and closer to the central stone. 
They huddled about the dolmen of the Greater Ilokrn, as if it were a campfire to scare away the shadow and the cold. But the shadow did not flee; it grew around them like a dark blanket intent on smothering them. And the cold still clawed and clung to them, and whispered cruel things to their bones.
All but Ifferon and Thos could see naught but different shades of shadow, though they could feel the fear that the Molokrn cast before them like slaves to their will. Ifferon saw the vast, wispy shadow of the creatures set before them, billowing like thick smog or dark, ruined trees in a haunting breeze. They were but fleeting glimpses, for the Scroll lay half-burned in his pocket, a tarnished token of a god long dead.
HerrDon clambered onto the dolmen and stood tall, waving his sword about in a frenzy. Back, you fiends! The Bringers of Fear shall know a terror of their own at the hands of HerrDon the Great! He cast aside his cloak, launching it towards the advancing wave of black in a moment of boldness.
But the shadows advance was not halted. It consumed his cloak, trampling and tearing it. A shrill laugh sounded in the air, as if this little prince, this HerrDon the Small, this HerrDon the Weak, was but a child pretending, a feigned fortress that is but a sandcastle standing in defiance of a great and terrible wave. It was inevitable that he would be washed away.
But HerrDon was not the child. Dlin quickly lifted Thos up and stood him upon the dolmen beside HerrDon, as if indeed this was the advancing ocean and the only safety was to be found in higher ground. If nothing else, the boy would be the last to fall, after all the others had given their lives to the sea of shadow.
But the tide then halted and the black seemed to dim. The fear that went before them withdrew into their ranks, and it was preceded by a sense of doubt.
Thosath! Thosin! Thosel! they called, their voices like the whispers of the dead. Tos! Tasahad! Taasasa! they cried in all the languages of Iraldas, hissing and spitting as they spoke, as if the very words tore their tongues and mauled their mouths.
And they seemed to quail before the boy, as if some secret light shone deep within him, scaring away the shadow. Their blackness faded to a meek grey, and their vast shapes, seen in full only by Ifferon and Thos, began to diminish.
But the Lichelord did not flinch or cower, nor did he fade, for shock more than fear was upon him. He, he said in a long-drawn hiss, should not be here!
Neither should you, you beasts, you echoes of the Dark Age! Dlin called. Go back to the days when Molok claimed Iraldas as his domain, for you cling to a mockery of life, and you cleave to a forgery of triumph! Go back, I say, ere the light comes oer the hills and smites you!
We, the voice came, solemn, as if the last word of someone dying, and then deathly, as if many ghostly voices were joining its call, are of the earth. We are of the soil. We are the kings of two kingdoms, stone and shadow, and lo! Here is the Dark Age anew, and there shall come a day when a black sun will rise and the light will flee beneath the stones. And there we will crush it!
And so it seemed then that the final star in the sky was smothered and died out in the ink of the night. The Molokrn arose once more, taller than before, and came to write their own history of the earth in that ink, starting with the demise of those few fools who dared to wave a dim lantern before the darkness.
Then shock turned to awe for both parties, for Thos made a shout in the tongue of the Ferian: Cu essh Cerran! His voice was sweet and tender, but there was a great fear in it, and yet beneath this layer of terror lay an even deeper emotion, one of ancient loathing. Suddenly it seemed as though a bell had tolled in the heavens and a memory had struck like a lightning flash.
The Molokrn ceased again, and it seemed to Ifferon that the other twelve looked to the Lichelord for advice, clearly unready for this strange foe. But the Lichelord needed no bell or flash to spark his memory, for his loathing was not only deep, it was palpable. He hissed and spit and snarled, and then he said: But a boy, but a child. The shadow will have grown ere you come of age. Watch it grow!
He raised his arms and claws high into the air and pushed forward, as if against some invisible wall. There was a tremor in the earth, and the stones that lay in a circle around the dolmen began to tremble and shake, as if they too feared the advancing shade. Again the Lichelord raised his arms and pushed forward, ignoring the cries of Dlin and HerrDon, who screamed: Back, you beast! Back, devil! Back! And again the stones shook and the ground about them began to crack and break. Once more the Lichelord pushed forth, and this time the stones rose into the air and moved closer to the company before settling in the ground again, hemming them in closer than before. The circle of their defence was now half its original size.
The shadow chokes all life and light, the Lichelord said. Just as the Ardnari have fallen to our might, so too do the Children of Telm crumble and their god-blood spill upon the land that is our home. Such is the reward of the Lighthand at the hand of the Shadow.
Once again he raised his arms, but before he could push forth there was a tremor, only different in scale and feel. It felt like the deep rumbling of the belly of the hungry earth, and yet it spoke of a vast power that even the Lichelord could not amass to move the rocks. The dolmen shuddered and many in the company tripped or fell in the tumble, for it seemed as though the earth was rising right beneath their feet.
And so it was, for there was something sleeping beneath the dolmen that had not awoken for many years. It had heard the cries and shouts, and felt the rumble of dark powers. More than anything it sensed the Shadow fall upon it, and a great anger was arisen in its ancient heart. For it was a Mountain Moln, a creature of the earth from the days when the Molokrn were first created, for the Moln were Aelors answer to them, salvaging the dissipating power of the Aelora in their abandoned home of Ardn-F before Molok could build more of his ruined shadow race.
Oh, it said, yawning a deep and endless syllable. It turned its head, and there was the sound of crumbling boulders, and a shower of scree fell before it. It seemed for a moment that it did not notice them, for it turned this way and that and shifted slowly to its lumbering feet, great boulders supported by some will or magic that defied the eyes of Men. Then the small black coals of its eyes tightened and its brow furrowed like the crags upon a cliff face, sending another avalanche of crumbled stone to the ground. It had seen the company and it had seen the Molokrn. 
Go back to sleep! the Lichelord hissed, and for a moment it seemed that his voice had penetrated the stone and numbed the Molns mind, for it drooped a little and seemed to grow dumb. But it fought the lure of the Lichelords voice and roused itself again, and then it gave forth a terrible howl, like a gale against a monolith; contained within that roar was a sound like a thousand years of erosion, and from its mouth broken rocks, stones and dust fell forth.
Slumbering beast! the Lichelord croaked. You sleep while we stay ever lucid in the waking world, and who shall fade, Moln, when the end of days has come? Go back to your crib in the earth and dream an endless dream, for this is our domain now. You think you are strong, but you are no more than rock and stone, and that is my domain.
He raised his hands again and pushed forth, as he had done with the Ilokrn, and now they rose again, and with them went the Moln, who was pushed back, and so it stumbled and collapsed backwards into a pile of rubble. Thus was this last defiance defeated, and the Lichelord turned his gaze upon Ifferon again, and it seemed to pierce him. The other Molokrn drew close once more.
But they did not expect what followed, for Ifferon did not cower, but spoke aloud. You are faced with many powers here, he said, taking the small Ilokrn from his pocket. He held it before the Lichelord, who flinched, but when he realised what it was he began an endless cackle. With a flick of a his shadowed claw he pulled the stone from Ifferons hand, casting it outside the safety of the stone circle. 
If a Greater Ilokrn can barely stop us, then what will a Lesser do? the Lichelord mocked.
But Ifferon did not back down. You have dared taunt us and push forth knowing well your peril. Yet you think of me as a coward
You are a coward, the Lichelord hissed.
but you have not yet seen me in my robe of glory.
Suddenly it seemed that he grew and was almost the height of the Moln in the eyes of the Molokrn. Dehilas baeos! he cried. The armour of Telm descended from the clouds in a column of light and steel, and it seemed to the Molokrn that they stood before Telm again, and they trembled, for stronger than the memory of the mind was the memory of the soul, and it remembered well the might of Telm the Lighthand, Warrior-king of the Calari. Avaunt! Ifferon shouted, and his words were as the shattering of fearsome winds and the crashing of caustic waves upon a beaten shore. Avaunt! Begone! Dehilas baeos!
And even more suddenly it seemed that a second light shone from Thos behind him, greater than the first, and there was the flash of lightning across the inkwell sky, setting the heavens alight and revealing a silhouette of white that stood like a giant behind the cleric, dwarfing even him, godly in stature as Telm himself.
The Molokrn recoiled within themselves, as if they tried to hide in their own shadow. They turned and fled back down the Hills to the gate they had come from. All was silent then, like the stillness that follows a rampant storm.
Ifferon turned and noted the expressions of awe upon his companions faces.
Courage in a candle flame, HerrDon said, laughing. More like conquest in a kindled fire. And lo, my friend, you are kindled, and what a fire you burn.
Dlin nodded. Yes, yes, there is little question that the blood of Telm runs deep in your veins. And it seems to me that you are not the only Child of Telm among us.
They turned to Thos, who sat upon the edge of the dolmen, clutching the pendant around his neck. He rocked back and forth and murmured something softly in his tongue.
That was something strange he did back there, HerrDon said. The Great might feel small to watch such feats.
Yes, yes, it seems Geldirana was right about his power, but wrong to fear it, Dlin replied. The riddle is answered then, for he is a god-child like Ifferon, which explains his escort.
But not why they died and he lived, HerrDon said.
No, Dlin said solemnly. That is true.
But come! HerrDon cried. We have no time for riddles.
The boy is shaken, Ifferon said. Dlin wrapped his arm around Thos, but the boy ignored him. It reminded them all of how they found him on the Plains, for he was distant then. So he was, it seemed, again.
We are all shaken, HerrDon observed. Though I would have fought until the end with those beasts. But first I would like to know more of that Moln. What a fortune, it seemed to me, for one to arise at our very feet, and yet it seemed that it stood no chance against the Alar Molokrn.
Nay, for how could it against the Lichelord of the Blue Moon? Dlin said. Of all matter to be made of, it is ill fortune to be made of stone when that foul fiend is abroad. But let us learn more of this Ilokamon, as we call them in Old Arlinaic, for it seemed to me that it was enraged by the sight of the Molokrn.
I know somewhat of the myths of them, Ifferon said. Golem they are sometimes called in the Common Tongue. Some Magi claim to have discovered, through the power of magic which Aelor gave to Iraldas, how to make a Moln. Indeed, it was said that Danarm, the first Magus, accomplished this, and that this is how he died, for he could not control the creature, and thus it slew him.
I do not doubt it, Dlin said, for such is the reward of those who meddle in the affairs of the Calari. If eer a man wishes to create new life, let him find a wife and let them bring forth a child. Leave the Moln to Aelor, for no Magus may equal that Calars power. But we tarry on a trifle. Let us see with our own eyes what has become of this Moln.
They turned from the dolmen and made their way towards the heap of rocks a few yards away. At first glance it looked like another Ilokrn, but on closer inspection they noticed the features of its face beneath the rubble. It was still alive and looked out at them with eyes of the ancient world.
Is there aught we can do? Dlin asked, though he dared not approach too closely, for fear of falling rocks. He held Thos back, who seemed curious about the creature. You are noble of heart, I deem, and great in power. We share a common hatred of the Molokrn
With the mention of that name there came a deep and angry rumble in the mound. Stones shifted and a great hand of rock reached up from the ruin and pounded on the earth in fury. Molokrnil! Moloschrnin! Mllicerranath! Melerdrnad! A-Maalisrana! Mliscera! So the Shadow has a name in all the tongues of Iraldas. The earth quakes and the mountains rumble. May stones from the heaven come and smite the Shadowweavers and their kin.
Aye! HerrDon cried. Let them be smitten!
Ever is the enemy of our enemy our friend, Dlin said. We know not the policy of your people in the wars and troubles of the lands, and I cannot say that many in Arlin or Boror have heard of your plight against these foes. But we are great enemies of the Molokrn, sent by the Ardnari to fulfil a quest against he who rules them and bends them to his will the Beast Agon.
There was another rumble, followed by the other mountain fist pummelling the earth like a war drum. The stones shook and crumbled, and the company stumbled and fell over.
The earth is angry, the Moln growled. I am its spokesperson. I am the embassy of the earth, the ambassador of Iraldas. My name cannot be given in my true tongue, for it is the speech of the soil, which cannot be understood by the creatures that walk upon it. Thus shall I be known to you by the name of the dolmen where I awoke, for we are the Guardians of the Guardstones, and each dolmen here in Telarym acts as a door to the earth. Call me, therefore, Daenard in the tongue of the Aelora, our sister race, for this is the Guardstone of the Dawnlight, though there is no longer any light here, nor dawn to start the day. That is why we have gone into hibernation, awaiting an age when the earth can be free again, with the flowers billowing in a gentle breeze, and the animals frolicking to and fro oer green fields that span all that the eye can see, even eyes of coal and stone. Long has it been since Telarym was green; it has grown old and grey and withered, and the will for life has been sapped from it. Thus does it decay.
The Earth shall yet have a victory, Dlin said.
Aye! HerrDon cried. And evil shall know it by an earthquake!
But the Moln did not share their enthusiasm. The last earthquake in Iraldas came from and he made a deep and terrible rumble, him, the Beast, the Breaker of Foundations. Chains do not stop him from pummelling the ceiling of his prison, threatening his release, taunting his captors. There is not will enough left in the earth to threaten back. We shall sleep.
That may change, Dlin said. We have not yet given up the blood in our bodies, so why should we give up the vigour in our hearts?
You are a small thing, Daenard said, the lids of his eyes growing heavy, as if he were to fall into another swoon of slumber. You are a young thing. You fight for each days breath, because you have so few days to fight for. But we are eternal. We do not feel the burden of death weigh down on us as you do, and thus we do not fear that tomorrow will never come. Tomorrow is but a second in the ages of the earth, as fleeting as the lives of Man and Aelora, and even the Ferian, though they live on in trees. It is this fear of death that drives you to fight for each brief moment of life.
Yes, yes, Dlin said. Because life is so precious. Even a second of it. Each fleeting breath. Is that not worth fighting for?
The Moln shifted uneasily and made a booming sigh deep in the bowels of its being. Is it worth dying for? he asked. Would it not be easier to go away somewhere, to hide, to hibernate, and live out what few moments of life you have?
It would be easier, Dlin said. But it would not be right, nor true and honourable.
The Moln seemed to be already falling back asleep. Perhaps I would fight for life if I had less. Now I sleep. Yes. Sleep. Quite an effort to just ... stay awake. Sleep.
Wait! Dlin said. Perhaps you can help us.
Help you? the Moln quizzed. I cannot help you fight. Too brief. Too passing. Is not worth it. Does not merit.
No, we do not need you to fight for us, Dlin explained.
No? No fighting ...
Perhaps you know if someone passed this way? We are chasing someone.
He is a Summoner of the Beast, HerrDon said.
With that the Molns eyes widened again and he growled. Summoner! Heave! I felt his evil, yes.
So he passed this way? Dlin asked.
Yes, passed. Brief. Quick. Left a stench, left a reek of evil. Feared death. We could smell it off him. So very passing. So very brief.
I told you he went left, HerrDon said, clapping his hands together and beaming brightly.
Do you know which way he went? Dlin asked. Did he go further up the mountains?
Yes, further up. Higher. I can feel him now. The Old Temple. That is where he hides. That is where he hides from death.
He can hide, HerrDon said. But Ill be Death today, and Ill come running. Ill pull him out from whatever rock he trembles under, and he shall know a fear worse than deaththe fear of the wrath of HerrDon the Great!
You will not be the only one brandishing wrath today, Dlin said. I only hope that Corrias guides my blade down the path of honour and virtue, for there shall be little mercy for the Summoner of Agon!
Sleep, the Moln repeated, and this time he succumbed to the power of the word, for it seemed that he could not endure the vigour of their verse. He crumbled down into the earth, burying himself in the stone, and within moments there was little trace of the creature at all.
Come then! HerrDon said. Get your blade ready, Ifferon. You are not a fighter, but who knows what this Summoner has up his sleeves. He may have a weapon not yet revealed.
We should all be wary, Dlin said. He turned to Thos and knelt before him. I did not really want to bring you up here. It would have been better for you if you had gone to Boror with Adon. The boy looked at him, confused and enthralled by the strangeness of his words. There is so much danger, so much risk. It would be a cruel fate for me, an old man, to fight for life while you, a young boy, fight with death. And this, I believe, is where Corrias guides me, for wrath would have led me to ruin, but the necessity of caring for another leads me to caution. So caution is our road today. I shall be cautious for you, Thos.
Caution? HerrDon quizzed. We have no time for caution, Dlin! Already this Summoner has gotten the advantage. We let him run too long. Its time to uproot every rock and scream aloud Weve come to kill you! He leapt upon the dolmen-stone, brandishing his blade and thumping his chest, and then he gave a roar that would have sent lions in flight. 
Thos started to cry, backing away and lowering his eyes from the sight of the madness of HerrDon. Stop it, HerrDon, Dlin said. You are scaring him.
It is not enough until I strike fear into the hearts of all beings, be they Man or beast or lowly worm upon the soil. And that is what this Summoner is. A wriggling worm. Caution is cowardice that lets these worms out of our grasp!
Caution is courage guided, Dlin replied. But you do yourself a disservice by proving the words of your father. Are you a madman, HerrDon, or just a man?
You choose to lecture me now? HerrDon asked, jumping down from the dolmen and approaching the knight, who but stared deep and unmoving into the depths of his eyes. It seems you have a lecture for everyone. Is Aralus a Nahamon? Am I a madman? Who can answer these things, so obvious as they are? But tell me, Dlin, are you a knight or a mentor? Did you come with us to tell us what we are, or did you come with us because of what you are yourself?
Maybe we should go, Ifferon said, but they ignored him.
Things have changed, Dlin said. But the one thing that remains is that I am a knight, and I stay true to virtue.
I stay true to battle and bloodshed.
So do wolves, HerrDon. So do Bull-men. So do Taar and Dolmors. That is a far cry from valour.
I dont need an Arliner to tell me about valour, HerrDon said, 
We were all Arliners at one point, HerrDon, back when our lands were one. There was only the Motherland. Boror did not exist.
You can keep your Motherland, Dlin. Boror exists now, as it should have since the dawn of time. HerrDon turned away towards the Mountains. My valour is taller than those peaks, vaster than the hills, stronger than the rock, purer than the snow. I am HerrDon the Great! I am HerrDon the Strong!
Hass em ammith, Thos whispered to Dlin.
Whats he babbling now? HerrDon asked. We should have sent him with Elitha.
We should have sent you with Aralus, Dlin replied, but he turned away from the prince and looked at Ifferon.
Perhaps we should seek out this Summoner, Ifferon said, hoping to redirect HerrDons anger towards the Adversary.
Yes! HerrDon cried. His wrath was rekindled. The Summoner! Ah! Come out, come out, wherever you are! Ill break every bone in your body and more!
So they began this last leg of their journey, wary now not only of the hidden power of the Summoner who they would soon face, but the explicit wrath of HerrDon, who seemed in the midst of a frenzy, like a Bull-man with blood on its tongue. Ifferon knew not where this sudden rage had come from, but it seemed that long years of brooding on the evil of the Adversary had overflowed on the footstep of where the Summoner was hiding. He only hoped that it was not so vast that it would consume them all, like the eruption of a volcano that had no care for which way the lava would flow.

XX  THE INIQUITY OF IDOR-HOL



The mouth of Idor-Hol opened up before them, wide and gaping, and the fog was like a dark tongue, lolling here and there, enticing them to draw closer. The trees reached up like many-fingered hands, clawing towards the sky, and they were devoured by the jaws of Idor-Hol and by the bleak sky, which seemed poisoned by its fumes. 
I am starting to regret this choice already, Thalla said.
Elitha nodded. We would regret it all the more if the Summoner is here and we were in the Grey Hills, thinking us safe, only to find Agon crawling out of Hals.
Do you not think it is lovely here? Aralus jested. The gloom, the shadow. Olagh only knows what might happen here under this blanket of fog in the grip of darks embrace. Or does he?
ala knows, Elitha said, taking up a fallen branch and swinging it ahead of her, for they were all blinded by the fog.
Onwards they continued, not sure which way they were going, whether they were following the Summoner or he was following them, or perhaps they were going in circles, or worst yet they might be entering a trap long set.
The mist rolled in and out like waves, granting them glimpses of the horror of Idor-Hol, for it was a twisted mess of tangled things, only some of which were trees. They had curled branches and long, reaching wooden fingers, which at times grazed their hair or tapped their shoulders. There was the feeling of something playful, a something that was trapped inside a painful prison, and so the play was a game of life or death.
They say no one ever escapes from Idor-Hol, Aralus whispered, as if the trees might hear his words and make them a reality.
Were it you alone in here, I would have prayed that it were so, Elitha said, but who are these people who survive that claim there are no survivors?
The people who go to the Grey Hills instead, Aralus said, and while they could not see his slimy grin, they could almost feel it through the fog.
There is only one person who will not escape Idor-Hol today, Thalla said. And that is he who would give the Call of Agon.
If he is here and not on the end of HerrDons sword, Aralus said, tapping his dagger on a nearby tree. You know, Elly, you may wish to slow your pace, for there are quicksands in this forest. Waving that stick might save your head from a branch above, but it will not save your feet from the pull below.
Yet nothing will save me from your prater, the Ferian replied. I know my way around the land. I do not trip and stumble like a Man.
Their stolen sight gave aid to their ears, but they wished it were not so, for they could hear noises of things that did not quite seem right, sounds just on the edge of hearing that threatened to push them over the edge of madness. There were scurries and slithers, crunches and creaking, and sounds that defied description. There was no wind, and yet there seemed to be a constant wail, and it appeared to come from every direction at onceeven from inside them.
Suddenly Elitha gave a cry. Thalla froze, part of her wanting to grab hold of whoever was nearby, yet fearful that it might not be one of her companions.
My acorn! Elitha howled. It is gone. My acorn. Something snatched it in the fog.
It was then that the mist recoiled, fleeing from her mounting wrath, and leaving behind Thalla clutching her bow and Aralus clutching the acorn he took from Elithas belt.
You! Elitha spat, but she did not move, for Aralus held a dagger to the acorn like she had previously held a dagger to his throat.
I find it interesting how the Ferian treat these acorns, Aralus said. If I held a knife to the neck of your child you would not hesitate to attack, for you would not value a childs life the same. Yet here is but a token of nature and you dare not make a move.
Perhaps you assume too much, Elitha said.
Aralus held the blade closer to the acorn and Elitha flinched. I think I assume just enough, he said, and he licked his lips, revelling in the control he had over her.
Aralus, stop this game! Thalla said.
If I do that I will have to kill her, he replied. So perhaps you will let me have my fun and she can have that much more of life.
This is madness! Thalla said. The Summoner is loose. What are our petty squabbles if Agon is unleashed?
Aralus ignored her, keeping a steady, gleeful gaze on Elitha. You know, in Alimror some devised a way to cause harm to the bearer of an acorn by damaging the acorn itself.
Do not dare! Elitha cried. Take a blade to my flesh if you need, but do not tarnish the acorn.
But a cut here is a cut to you, he said. Not all can do this, of course. It is called fer eraslita, life by sympathy. One must know the key-symbols of the acorn spirits to open the channel. Have a guess what I know.
Thalla stepped towards him, but Elitha raised her hand. No, do not push him.
Pay heed, little magic lady, Aralus said. You do not even understand the ways of the Magi, let alone the methods of the Erasliashan.
He carved a symbol into the acorn and Elitha screamed, as if it had been etched into her very flesh, but there was no sign or scar upon her.
I beg of you, the Ferian pleaded, the branch dropping from her weakened hand. For every chance I had to take your life, I chose the path of mercy. Please, Aralus, you know well the hurt you make.
Indeed, he said, and he carved another symbol, tearing a horrifying howl from Elithas lips. 
Thalla could no longer stand and watch. She armed her bow and pointed it at Aralus. Stop this now.
Never at the command of a harlot, he said. It does not matter if I die this day, for Elitha has paid the price of taunting me. She will never be able to return to the algarth with a defiled acorn. You have done enough to join my list, Thalla. Do you really wish to do more? But do not worry, I have had my fun with the Ferian. There is only so much that the fer eraslita will do. The rest I will leave to nature.
With that he tossed the acorn into the trees. Elitha threw herself after it, and she screamed, as if Aralus were still carving figures into its surface. But now its fate was much worse, for it sat atop a bed of quicksand, which slowly sucked it into the earth.
Leave it! Thalla called. It is not worth death.
Without it there is no life, Elitha said, and she jumped into the muck, seizing the acorn before it slipped forever beneath the surface. We live or die as one.
Down to Hals, Aralus said, perching like a starving crow beside a dying person, waiting for his long-awaited meal.
Thalla raced to the edge of the mire, careful not to tread too far. Elitha was by now already waist high in quicksand, for she had struggled much to save the acorn from the sandy deeps. Thalla extended her bow to Elitha, but before the Ferian could seize it Aralus grabbed Thalla and wrapped her in a bear-hug, crushing her against his bony chest.
No! he squealed, like a huntsman whose prey had escaped a trap. He had a strength that defied his form, the fortitude of anger and the might of desperation. He squeezed tighter and Thalla felt the air flee her lungs. Shes not getting out! Youre not getting out. All of you ... you thieves! Stealing money, stealing hearts, stealing lives. Boots on the paupers, boots on the poor!
Thalla struggled, but her fight was feeble. Even her legs began to give under the force of Aralus enduring embrace. For a brief moment she thought she might cast some spell, but she knew that without a Beldarian it could be the death of her. Yet death was drawing closer, one crushing second at a time.
Let her go! Elitha screamed, but her newfound panic made her sink even deeper.
Only to go to Hals, Aralus replied.
Aralus, Thalla whispered, for her breath was choked. Why are you ... why?
Why am I doing this? Why am I poor? Why am I left holding the ladder while you all climb to the top? Why am I even alive when most of my family are dead from hunger? Its you! Youre the reason. Elithas the reason. Ifferon is the reason. You know, our families were quite close. He dragged Thalla closer, wanting her to feel how close they were. We used to rent some land from Ifferons parents. We used to be friends. But one day we couldnt pay the rent. We were thrown out. We had nowhere to go, no money, no food. Where was friendship then? We moved to Al-Ferian land, hoping for a better life. But it never cameit never came! Death did, though. Yes, he came. He took my mother and my three sisters. Only my father, my brother and I survived. So my father killed Ifferons parents. It was only fair. It was justice. But, you see, we had lost four people. Ifferon only lost two. It wasnt balanced. Still the rich get a better deal! So we have to make it even, make it fair. Daralus and I. Ifferon has to die. I came here to kill him. But you ..., and he turned his glance to Elitha, who but glowered at him. You had to dog me and hound me and make me feel little. And look at you now, growing smaller by the second!
I am sorry, Aralus, Thalla said. But it is not our fault. 
He turned back to Thalla. You liar, you harlot! Was stabbing HerrDon in the heart not your fault? Was frolicking off with a stableboy not your fault? Is it my fault? Is it my fault because I cannot pay for it to be someone elses? Is that the way? He began nodding furiously to himself. Yes, you all need to die. Youre all wrong. Youre all thieves and liars!
But even as he spoke there was a scurrying in the forest. Small animals, rodents, and birds had been attracted to the scene, and to the gentle whistle of Elitha who summoned them. Aralus was still deep within the trance of his own soliloquy and paid no heed to the scampering behind him until at last he saw the figure of Elitha rising up from the quicksand in the corner of his eye. He turned, still holding Thalla, and realised that a great flock of birds had grabbed hold of Elitha and pulled her out. They rested upon her shoulders with fierce gazes set upon him. There was a moment of pause as Aralus stood dumbfounded, and as the creatures of wood and plain gathered around the Ferian woman, as if she were some ancient tree that housed them all.
So you have brought your beasts, Aralus spat.
A beast to match a beast, Elitha replied. Yet they are more tame than you, for you are not like these animals, but rather the Beast that lies chained within the pits of Hals.
Spare me your condescension, Elly. it makes you look old!
Let Thalla go!
I thought you asked me that already but a moment ago, Aralus said. Did I heed you then? What do you think has changed?
The animals seemed aware of his response, for their glower grew stronger, and some of them rose up and puffed their breasts or flapped their wings or grimaced gravely.
Ah so, you think I cannot fend off raven and squirrel?
But Elitha did not respond. She picked up the branch that she had dropped and held it aloft like a staff from the thalgarth she left at Nahragor.
So we fight, Aralus said, and suddenly he threw Thalla towards Elithe and unleashed two curved daggers from his belt. He pounced upon them, stabbing wildly. All was a mix of steel and staff and fur and feather. Thalla rolled out of the way only to nearly fall into the quicksand. The animals scratched and clawed at Aralus, who roared like a lion fighting for his throne. And Elitha swung the branch around, warding the incoming blows.
Aralus lunged both daggers at the Ferian. One she blocked, while the other sliced deeply into her chest. She coughed and cried, and the animals grew more frenzied. They screeched and jumped and dived at Aralus, scratching his face and gnawing at his limbs. But he bashed them away, killing some, wounding others, or simply throwing them into trees or upon the ground. Some even landed in the quicksand only to be lost moments later.
My animals! Elitha cried, rage rising like lava within her until her face was red. New strength came within her limbs and she pushed Aralus away. He landed at the base of a tree, losing both his daggers. Thalla helped Elitha up, but they struggled, for the wound was deep and the blood came quickening
I am a servant of circumstance, Aralus said, grating his jaws, and they looked about to crumble from the force. If fate had not been cruel, then I would not be either! He pounced on Elitha, who parried his fists with her own. She felt as though she were fighting off an animal, not a Man, some crazed cat or wounded wolf. She threw him off her, and he scampered away to rest by a tree, licking his wounds, mumbling and moaning to himself.
You sons of kings, daughters of delight! Oh, how I hungered for marriage, for the tender kiss of a woman. And how I envied the rich. Oh, there were gowns and gaiety! There were emeralds out of reach, diamonds left to dangle, sapphires offered only to be taken away! Why is this? Why so glum, why so grim? Is it iniquity? Is it injustice? Is it immoral? Who decides these things? Who makes the tides ebb and flow? Not me, no, no, no, why would it be so, and how wonderful a world it would be if it were so.
You cannot blame us for your troubles, Aralus, Thalla shouted, but this only seemed to anger him even more. He looked at her with fire in his eyes.
Silence, harlot! Look at your clothes, your robes, all silk and satin! A little muck and mud and you cringe and cry, knowing not a bed of filth. Youre a little princess parading about, feigning adventure when you are still afraid youll tear your dress.
And what are you, Aralus? Elitha said. What have you become?
I am what becomes of all Iraldas poor. I have become what the rich ordained, what the powerful have chosen. This is not my choice. What choice do I really have in a world run by other people?
You still have a choice, Thalla replied. You can stop this now. No one is forcing you. You need to take responsibility for your actions.
And when will you take responsibility for your own? Ah yes, so easy it is to berate others and whisper words of wisdom, but so difficult to enact them in your own life. Harlots and hypocrites, the lot of you!
Again he dived at them, and Thalla and Elitha acted in unison. They blocked his blows and pushed him back, only this time he neared the quicksand and nearly fell in. He tried to regain his balance, but Elitha would not allow it. She pushed him in, and he howled like a beast and clambered to grab hold of something as he began to sink, but the more he struggled the more the earth devoured him.
For a moment the two women watched him, but pity and compassion rose swiftly in Thallas heart. We must help him. She struggled to find something else to pull him in, but Elitha grabbed her and stared deeply into her eyes.
This is helping, she said. This is mercy.
And so she held Thalla, stopping her from aiding Aralus. They collapsed upon the ground in exhaustion and pain. They did not look at the figure in the quicksand, but from the corner of their eyes they could see the shape growing smaller. Always they could hear the cries and calls, until at last they became muttered, and then did not come at all.


XXI  JUDGEMENT OF THE OLD ONES



Ifferon saw fields of snow open up before them as they climbed the last of the Grey Hills, and now they were met with the Amreni El, the White Mountains, tall and vast. The land was smothered in a garment of white, its vestures as cotton, yet cold as cool satin, and here and there a peak rose tall and deadly, spiked like a needle of the tailor of the earth. But the land was not tailored for the company, for before they had struggled up the first of the white tors, a hail came hastening, an onslaught of ice-fray. HerrDon held his arms before his face, sheltering his eyes, and yet they were still stung by the blizzard that fired white grit into his pupils and his lashes.
My sight is fading, he called, but his voice was a murmur, for the words were stolen and slaughtered by the ravaging gale.
Onwards they went, defying the snowstorm, for they thought it the working of the Summoner up ahead. The higher they went the weaker it became, and soon they were faced with a ruined structure, buried in the heart of an icy peak. Stone columns rose up to support an arched entrance, and yet more columns lay in ruin upon the ground, vanishing into the depths of the snow. It seemed that it was but a shadow of some ancient building, and yet it hinted at something more, something hidden deep within.
The Old Temple, Ifferon said, shaking his head and rubbing the snow from his eyes.
Is it really as bad as they say? Dlin asked.
Ha! Ghoul and ghost stories, HerrDon replied. When have they ever proven true, and why should we fear them?
Ardn-F, Ifferon said. That would be a good example.
That was just an unfortunate turn of events. And it involved the Spectres. I dont think even they would venture up here.
Which begs the question: what lies here that even they will not approach? Dlin asked.
A rumour lies here, HerrDon responded. And, of course, our wandering Summoner.
It is said that the Temple is a remnant of the forgotten days, Ifferon said.
Who says that if they are forgotten? HerrDon asked.
Forgotten to mortals, Ifferon explained. I am sure the gods still remember it.
Im sure they would, if it were true, HerrDon said. I trust more in the truth of my blade.
What do you think the Gormathrong is, HerrDon? Ifferon asked.
A very large worm that Corrias stood on, the prince replied.
Ifferon shook his head. Do you fear nothing?
Do you fear everything?
I know little of this Gormathrong, Dlin said. He does not feature in our books in Arlin.
He is one of the Old Ones, Ifferon said. The last that was defeated in the War of the Heavens, and the Old Temple is a relic of those times, where it is said that the offspring of the Elad ni worshipped Chrnn, the Lord of the Shadow of Time. Few dare enter the worship-halls of those ancient forces.
And we are few, HerrDon said. And we shall dare. Come! I hearken not to these whispers of ancient times. What is the Old Temple but an echo of the dead? What are its walls but brick yet to crumble? A rumour has come before it, out of the shadows of Mens minds, and it darkens our spirits. But I tell you this, a rumour shall go before us now, and it shall travel to this Temple of the Old Ones, and it shall be the rumour of death come quickening, for it is blood that I thirst for!
They approached the entrance of the Old Temple, which seemed small from afar, yet was monumental when they drew near. It was not crafted by Man or Taar, they knew, but by gods, with huge hands and limbs, lifting great rocks and hauling them up the mountain side. It looked like the entrance of a tomb, and they wondered with foreboding what might have been buried there.
They passed under the arched entrance cautiously. Something ancient and terrible lurked within, there was no doubt of it, but it might yet be sleeping, and they dared not wake it, not even HerrDon.
Twould not surprise me to find this place is trapped, HerrDon whispered. Tread lightly and keep your
But even as he spoke he stepped upon a stone slab which triggered a darting blade. It shot out from the wall and struck his left shoulder; he gave a yelp as it pinned him to the opposite side. Ifferon rushed forth and grabbed him, and he kicked the swordsmans foot to remove it from the trigger-bed. The blade withdrew back into the wall, where blood dripped like tears.
Ah! My words be damned! HerrDon shouted. For it seems I have damned myself with them.
Dlin gave a faint smile. And Geldirana thought me the speaker of ill omens.
Aye, she did, but at least your omens did not bode ill for you. HerrDon pushed Ifferon away, who tried to tend his wound. If I had not cast my cloak at the Molokrn Id have something proper to wrap the wound. But come, lend me a cloth and Ill repay the deed by offering the use of my arm in battle.
This is more than a cloth will mend, Ifferon said.
Tis but a scratch, HerrDon responded.
A scratch from a Felokar wolf, perhaps, Dlin said, and he raised his hand, which was wrapped tightly in a thick white cloth, now soaked red. This is the tooth of a wolfbut that, and he pointed to HerrDons shoulder, is the tooth of a trap. Come, we must tend to it. We know not if the blade was poisoned.
I know, HerrDon said. Ive been poisoned before, and I know its first moments, and those evil ones that follow. This is not poisoned.
Yet still it must be tended, ere it festers, Dlin said.
Ifferon nodded and stepped forward again. Let me clean the wound and apply some herbs. He reached into the sleeves of his habit and pulled out a small container filled with herbs and spices, so well packed that it had survived past toil and struggle.
I am no sickly woman that needs waiting on! the prince growled. Give me a cloth or a splint or Ill make do with my right arm alone if need be.
Dlin tore off a piece of his sleeve and handed it to HerrDon. May Issar prevent the wound from festering, if you will not do so.
May Corrias prevent more traps from springing, HerrDon said as he wrapped his shoulder and struggled to tie a one-handed knot. Id prefer not to have to wrap my right arm as well.
Let us then be careful, Dlin said. He held Thos close, and he looked as if he were ready to jump in front of anything that might harm the child.
HerrDon bent over, and Ifferon thought that he had stumbled, but when the swordsman straightened up again he held an old crossbow that was still loaded with a bolt, as if it had fallen from the hand of someone who lost it, and their life, to a trap.
Seems a waste, HerrDon said. I think I should honour whoever did not get to use this, and I know just the cowardly sorcerer to honour it on.
Dlin was not amused. There is no honour in fighting from afar.
Perhaps not, the prince said, but if HerrDon the Great has to feel the sting of a trap, than he who set the trap will get to feel the sting of anything and everything I can find to throw at him.

*     *     *

From then on they were more cautious, treading slowly and softly, with keen eyes on every crack and hole in the walls and floor. Every minute sound was magnified by the lens of fear; a crumble of dust became an avalanche, and a distant footfall was heard as the rumour of a boulder rolling down to greet them. Yet nothing came but the shadow of their suspicion and their wariness, and soon they were confident again that the path ahead was safe to tread.
Yet even as that confidence came, they turned a corner and saw that other traps had already been sprung, and that blades and spikes lay broken and bloodied on the floor. They wondered if the Summoner had sprung them in his haste, but Ifferon pointed out that the blood was long dry and could not be that of their enemy, unless he be of demon-kind with law-defying blood.
My arms going numb, HerrDon said, and he spoke as one stilted and distant, as if his mind and his mouth were also numbed.
I have had similar wounds, Dlin whispered. You must keep the limb active, lest it atrophy.
Im trying to, HerrDon cried, but it doesnt want to move. I can barely wiggle a finger, never mind grasp a sword. Ack, this Summoner will pay dearly for this trap.
Will he now? a sudden voice boomed out around them. They had left the corridors and entered the main chamber of the Temple. It opened up wide before them, like a winding river that falls into the ocean, and it seemed to the company that the sheer height of the ceiling looming in the distance above them defied all logic.
HerrDon, Dlin, and Ifferon glanced this way and that, trying to espy the origin of the spectral voice. Thos did not hunt the voice, but cowered beneath Dlins shadow, as if he too were prey.
Good of you to join me, the voice echoed, more sinister than before. I hope you find this little abode to your liking. Dearest me, how lost and bewildered you look, not knowing where I am. But guests, guests, why do you tarry on the doorstep when it rains outside? Come in! Enter my meek dwelling-place, and may we dine together by the hearth and exchange our fair tales.
All that I will exchange with you, HerrDon said, are swords.
And words, the voice corrected. For you have already erred on your oath by speaking. But why so gruff? Why so raucous? Has your little scratch upset you? Has it made you testy? Ah, HerrDon, surely you are your fathers son, one so quick to anger, yet so slow to action.
HerrDon gave in to the lure, fury flaring in his face. He raised his fist and yelled: Come forth and show the body to match the voice, if indeed you are not some faceless phantom, and I shall show you action quicker than the fires in my veins and the words on my tongue!
I pity you, HerrDon, attired like a prince, yet bereft of a reign, the voice said. But HerrGal has been good to me. He has lent me his ear on many occasions, and I bet I have bent it. Yes ... I bet I have. There are many who are easily swayed.
And you have swayed him with twisted words and lies, no doubt, Dlin said. But we are all free Men, and we bend our own ears to evil or good. Tell me, phantom, can we say the same for you? Are you a free Man? Are you even a Man at all?
What do you think, Dlin? You would not be lecturing me if I were not. But do you even realise the implications of your words? Free? You think you are free? There are so many things keeping you in bonds: life, deatheven liberty, false as that concept is, just another box to lock you in. And what of Arlin? What of your precious Motherland? Do you think that you and your people will be free there for long? Already the Shadow advances; already it springs into the green pastures, turning them grey and black. What will you eat when the crops turn to ashes, Dlin, if not your pride? Will you tell me how free you are then, and will it even mean anything?
Yes, yes, Dlin said, his voice resolute. It will always mean something.
You are as stubborn as a Moln. You are tall when yet standing, but the highest always have the hardest fall. And you shall fall, Dlin, for I have foreseen it. I have foredoomed it for you.
None may do that but Corrias, the knight replied.
Not any more, Trueblade. The voice grew darker and nearer, as if someone was studying them from the rafters, a staring god in the cloud-beams. And yet it shall be Corrias that fulfils this doom, though he knows little of it. And who is that with you, Dlin? Is that your son? Is that your little trophy self? You do not look Al-Ferian to me, but I suppose you have invented some notion of chivalry that defies the boundaries of race. How pathetic and delusional, yet suiting for Dlin DeMarius, who would rather live a lie than face the truth of this dishonourable world.
The voice shifted and settled like vocal eyes on Ifferon. Ah, Ifferon, I almost forgot you were here. How easy that is to do, with you so silent, hiding there behind the men of muscles with their loud voices. And how paltry! How I wish to forget you already! But see, there are final acts left to do ere that can occur, and then all can forget youall can forget the lot of you!
Then there was a strange sound below, like the tremor of huge footsteps. Their attention was jolted, and they glanced towards the open corridors where candlelight flickered. They wondered if the ethereal voice had found a body.
I have prepared a welcome for you. I have no servants up here, what with having only recently moved in, but we must make do. These shall provide you with the ... warmest of welcomes.
As he spoke, the makers of the sounds came into view: two lumbering statues, thrice the height of Man, twice the breadth, ten times the strength, with none of the weaknesses of flesh, for they were animate stone, huge and daunting, some distant cousin of the Moln. Armour was carved into their hulk, where plates of bronze and silver were added, and their eyes were alight with ruby fire, ocular gems that seemed always about to burst into a haze of crystal shards. These eyes settled on the company, cold and cruel, and there was hate in them, and the rumour of death.
Sentinels! HerrDon cried. He leapt upon a nearby rock and drew his sword, though he gave a shriek of pain, for his wounded shoulder was still raw and fresh. The numbness was overcome by the suddenness of pain. Quick! Away from them! Hide! Run!
But before the others thought to stir, one of the Sentinels came lumbering down on them, heavy footfalls thumping the ground. The temple shook and stones were loosened, and all was as an earthquake under the thunderous feet of gods. The guardians were armed with large two-handed swords that might have been wrought and wielded by the Elad ni in their prime.
The Sentinel swung its sword downwards; the blade struck the ground and made a chasm there. The floor on either side flipped up, throwing Dlin and Thos to one side and Ifferon to the other. HerrDon leapt from one rock to another, muttering words of rage to himself. He jumped from the largest rock he could find and hacked at the Sentinel that was closest to him. But his sword, which might cleave the heads off hundreds, did little but chip the stone of the guardian. 
HerrDon rolled beneath the legs of the Sentinel when he landed, but even as he stood up to make another attack the second came before him and kicked him aside with a great stone foot. He gasped and collapsed against a wall near Dlin, who was urging Thos to hide in one of the alcoves in the corner of the room.
The first Sentinel came up behind them, rearing its sword, but it was distracted by Ifferon, who stumbled from the ruins he had been cast into. HerrDon grabbed his crossbow and fired a bolt at it, but it was as a pinprick, the sting of a bee bereft of its venom. Ifferon clambered up a platform to the left, which was previously inaccessible, but now the ruined floor rose up to it with ease. He grabbed small stones as he went and fired them at the Sentinels, but many missed, and those that hit their target bounced off them like hail against a mountain. Onwards he clambered as HerrDon cast the crossbow aside like a broken promise. Then Dlin unsheathed his two-handed sword and stepped down into the arena before the Sentinels, and all who looked upon him saw Trueblade in the majesty of his might.
The first Sentinel swung its sword at him, but Dlin tensed his muscles and parried the attack with his own. The metal screeched and Dlin bit his lip as the pain of the strike began to pierce him like a phantom blade. Shards of their blades began to splinter and spray here and there in a flurry of sparks. Then Dlin dodged the next blow and drew closer to the Sentinels feet. He gave a battle cry that might have slain an army: Lamarin! he called, and he sliced at the Sentinels left foot. To the wonder of all, including Dlin himself, the blade cut through the limb and out the other side, and the Sentinel wavered and collapsed, striking the wall and knocking one of the pillars down. HerrDon dodged the debris that was cast from the falling guardian, but one of the stone hands came down on him, pinning his foot. He yelped and struggled to get free, but then the pillar came down on him and he covered his face before he was buried beneath it.
HerrDon! Dlin yelled. He threw down his sword and raced towards him, and he pushed at the pillar, which moved a little until it lay upon the swordsmans injured arm alone. His leg was free of the Sentinels hand, but he was unconscious, and Dlin could do nothing to wake him. He shoved again at the pillar, but even as pushed, the second Sentinel loomed up tall behind him and sliced down. Dlin dodged the blow, which sliced the pillar in half, narrowly missing HerrDons dozing body.

*     *     *

Reveal yourself! Ifferon shouted as he reached the platform where the Summoner hid.
Oh, I shall, Ifferon, but who is the true deceiver?
Save your lectures, Ifferon said. I will not heed the words of
But his speech was cut short, for the Summoner pulled down the hood of his robeand there, beneath the shadow, stood Teron. He looked older and more weathered, and he bore a scar across his face as though he had been in a recent battle. He seemed to crawl out of the depths of his hood as a rat crawls out of a hole in the wall.
Will you heed them now? Teron asked, and the voice seemed now familiar, that same derisive tone from Larksong, mordant and admonitory. Ah, I see that you are still easy to silence. But you will not heed the words of ... your enemy? Is that what you were going to say? What about the words of your abbot, your head-cleric? What about the words of your friend, of your counsellor, however mistrusted? And lo, for all your godly gifts, you were not clearsighted enough to see this.
Teron leaned over a stone pedestal which controlled the many dart traps in the room, and he  unleashed a volley that shot out and sliced into the walls. If HerrDon had been standing a bolt would have struck him, perhaps slaying him, but he still lay pinned beneath the pillar. Dlin dodged a barrage of darts, and yet even as he ducked the last it hurtled past him and into the alcove where Thos crouched. There he had been safe from the gaze and grip of the Sentinels, but now the dart struck him, and he gave a cry, which was weakened by the force of the blow.
Time seemed to slow, and Dlin swung around, ignoring all peril, dodging no darts. He stood as one struck, as if the bolt had also entered him, tearing at his heart deep within.
Thos! he cried, and rage gave him strength that felled the second Sentinel in a single swipe. He ran to the alcove and collapsed before the boy. He took him in his arms and cradled him, as oft he did to the dying he encountered, be they knight, prince or peasant. The tender face of Thos looked up at him, eyes wide and fading, and it seemed to Dlin that the boy was looking upon him for the first time. Blood covered his mouth and his chest, and after a brief moment of silent tears, the boy whispered something.
Sth ima, he said, tears in his eyes. Dlin knew not what it meant, yet it touched him in the depths of his soul, which lay as a temple quivering. Thos smiled gently, the smile of one who soon shall leave this world of painand then he was lost.
Dlin hugged the lifeless body. No boyish arms hugged back, for they were limp, and when Dlin kissed the boys forehead, none were returned, for there was no life within the frail body nowthat life had been taken and scattered about the blood-laced ground.

*     *     *

Ifferon seized Teron by the throat and drove him to the wall. Fiend! he screamed, anger exploding in his face like the raging fires of a volcano too long laid dormant. What have you done? he asked, though no answer was necessary. You fool! What have you done?
I have done, Teron said, choking on the words and the fires of Ifferons anger, only what was necessary.
Necessary! What crazed evil finds the death of a child necessary?
Do not be a fool, Ifferon! the head-cleric croaked. Ifferons hands tightened about his neck. He is hardly a child in spirit.
Ah, so, Ifferon said, spitting the words like lava upon the crags of Terons face. You know he is a Child of Telm then? Is that it? You work as Olaghs cleric and then seek to destroy all that carry his blood?
Olagh be damned, it has nothing to do with him! There are greater gods than he, and you know well who they are!
You think Agon is a greater god?
Not a god at all, Ifferon, but he is getting there. Have you forgotten Corrias?
Corrias? What has this to do with him?
You are blind, Ifferon! It has everything to do with him!
How? Ifferon cried. Speak!
Agon was never coming, Teron said. At least not now. There was no Call to answer.
Part of Ifferons mind felt as though it were collapsing, as if all that he had known to be true was now no longer real. Even the very ground beneath him felt as though it might simply be an illusion.
So we embarked on this quest for nothing, Ifferon said despondently, his anger weakened by a growing sense of despair.
He will come when his time is at hand, rest assured of that, but this was never about him, Teron said, shifting position as Ifferon lessened his grip. Corrias was coming, Ifferon. It was he who was summoned and he who Agon feared, even more than you and all in the line of Telm.
But there was no word of Corrias!
No, and why should there be? The Al-Ferian are too full of pride to share such secrets, but they knew all the same that one of their children had been born different. Different, Ifferonlike you and I. A Telm-child was born, Ifferon, and Thos was imbued with the spirit of Corrias from the start, for that Calar had found a way to incarnate here, though it would be many years until the boy would remember who he really was and what power he had. He was a god-child, indeed, but that would have mattered little until he became a god-man, for there his true threat to Agon would be felt.
But the Garigts assault on Nahragor was too great an opportunity to miss, and so an escort was arranged, and the boy was brought to Telarym to aid in the siege, for no blade or shadow could touch him, nor could death assail him, but all who knew truly who he was would tremble in his presence, just as we tremble in the presence of the Molokrn.
But Agon learned of this and sent his forces hunting. They killed the boys guards, but could not touch him or bring him anywhere. So he sat in the emptiness for a time, until at last you and your company came across him. Only in the presence of Telms bloodline would he travel, and while he could not be hurt in normal lands, as you can tell, Ifferon, the Old Temple is hardly normal lands. It was built by the gods before Corrias, and only here could the child be killed.
So you see, my friend, you set out to stop the Call of Agon, yet you have brought about the death of Corrias instead, who wandered blindly as a child in your company. You are indeed an important player, Ifferon! You play the games that even gods dare not play, and you played right into our very hands!
Anger returned like an ally. You wicked thing! Ifferon bellowed, his fingers growing tighter by the second. What madness drove you to this evil? What reward was had for this?
Ah, the reward has yet to come, though I did delight in sending that fool Melgals to his final doom. What? You mean for all these years of suspicion you did not suspect that? Ah, your mind has dulled, Ifferon! I cursed the letter I gave to you. Those stamps were Molok-runes, and they did the job well enough, did they not? Oh, I bet he was soon tired after reading that letter! I bet much darkness was drawn to him then ...
You despicable scoundrel! There are no words or curses foul enough to say of you!
Melgals deserved death, Ifferon. Do not let him make you think otherwise. He received the Elixir of Life when it should have gone to others. I should have been elected at that Council, Ifferon. I should have been an Ardnar! But they are all fools, showing false piety to gods who no longer listen. Agon listens, Ifferon. He offered me life, an eternity of youth. Immortality.
You will have no perpetual youth, you fool! Ifferon screamed. You speak of me as blind, yet your eyes have been clouded by the fear of age and death. And here you are now, having brought death the closer, and death shall grace you, Teron. Death is here!
Ifferon grabbed his sword from his belt and drove it through the chest of the head-cleric, who but choked as blood leaked from his mouth.
Death, Teron coughed, gasping on his final breath, brings eternal life closer. And so he parted from the world, his body slumping against the pedestal, as if he had been sacrificed upon it. A sudden chill came into the room, a wind from the depths of Hals, and it bore away Terons soul.

*     *     *

After many moments of troubled thoughts, Dlin stirred. He stood with the boy in his arms and brought him out through the labyrinth of passages, through the main chamber and then out into the bleak white of the mountains. Ifferon unpinned HerrDon from the pillar and woke him from his daze, and they stumbled after Dlin, Ifferon struggling to support HerrDons weight. They stopped at the entrance, granting the knight his right to grieve.
When Dlin had reached the brink of the mountain he knelt again and laid the boy gently on the bed of snow. Grief loomed deep in the well of his heart as he watched the colour in the boys face slowly fade to match the snow. He traced his hand across Thos forehead, brushing his hair to one side. He kissed his brow, a kiss he had often given to valiant knights who had lost their lives in the bitterness of battle; he had not once been forced to do this for a child, and this was a reality far more bitter than any battle he had faced.
He took the Sigil of Corrias from around his neck and grasped it in his hand. He looked at it through his veil of tears, looked at its design and thought about what it meant for him: bravery, loyalty, fielty, and valour. These were his virtues, his merits, his truths. But no bravery or loyalty could comfort him now; no fielty or valour could mask the shadows of the world. Hope parted like the passing of the wind and left but a chill in his soul.
He thought of his god Corrias. You have forsaken me, he said, and with an angry sigh he threw the pendant into the air. It hurtled forth and then fell, just as Thos had fallen, landing in the snow. Great snowflakes came down from the gloom in the sky, landing upon its fading surface, burying it forever.

###

The story continues in The Road to Rebirth:


For updates about new releases, as well as exclusive promotions, sign up for the author's VIP mailing list and get a free copy of The Memory Magus: The Leech of Love. Get started here: www.deanfwilson.com

A final message from Dean:

Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed the story so far. Before you go, I'd like to ask you a favour: if you liked what you read, please leave a review. Short and sweet is perfect. I'll be eternally grateful, and sure to reward you by writing more books.
